Kibbles. I found her on a construction site where my friends parents were having their house built. We joked that she would have been dog food if we hadn't taken her home.
Griefing isn't a play style
Think about it. When you were playing with Lincoln logs/Lego/etc as a kid, and someone kept running up to you and stomping on your creations, was that considered "playing?" The people griefing in online games are those same kids, who's parents didn't beat them enough.
You don't block caves, others can't get in.
I think you a word
Plus, the spinosaurus looks more like a giant dimetrodon
Yeah, it needs proper arms, not just front legs.
I find it odd that no major store carries Krylon where you live. Check the arts and crafts stores, most have a spray paint section.
Only if you have an unstealthed model to swap in. Now I want to proxy in a giant rock/ruins as a Lictor...
Just starting out painting too. I spent this morning putting models together for a few hours before work. Planning to primer them and cure tomorrow, then just do one layer at a time each day before work. Probably have to set some time aside during the weekend for the detail work.
[BAM!](http://i.imgur.com/26XKF.jpg)
the game is 10 years old, but they completely revamped the engine with Cata. Video card models would help. But at this point, your processor is probably the oldest part and the biggest bottleneck. If you had more current hardware, I would have said your priority should be: 1) GPU 2) CPU/motherboard 3) SSD 4) RAM but in your case, I'd say CPU and RAM first. For WoW, the SSD and RAM are really only going to improve your load times, the other two will improve your graphics.
I've been saying the same thing about the UCS Falcon for the past 9 years :(
everything can be had for a price. i think its about $600 to bricklink a UCS Falcon, while they go new for $1800-$6000. The Executor doesn't have any specialized pieces, so it should be available for less
yeah
Reddit starts the playlist over. Gotta click on the link
Jesus, prices went up again. $500 for 3 on bricklink now. http://alpha.bricklink.com/pages/clone/catalogitem.page?P=47996&amp;idColor=86#T=S&amp;C=86&amp;O={"color":86} edit: luckily this is the only other unique part: http://alpha.bricklink.com/pages/clone/catalogitem.page?P=50990pb03&amp;idColor=86#T=S&amp;C=86&amp;O={"color":86}
I haven't noticed anything, but the only thing I have to compare it to is WH40K, and those models definitely get sliced like butter.
Rumor has it that he taught the bird to swear because his wife wouldn't let him.
gg Godwin
Makeb &gt; Oricon &gt; Rishi/Yavin 4
omfg, i cant stop laughing long enough at your post to even begin to refute it
Mei is bae, Hillary is just a bitch.
Ron Paul
http://duffylondon.com/product/tables/abyss-table/\ Its just layers of shaped wood and shaped glass. The glass is cut to fit around the wood on each layer.
http://www.amazon.com/Cooler-Master-HAF-912-RC-912-KKN1-GP/dp/B003ZM7YTA/
because freedom
who?
This is my first time painting anything. I know I could still use more colors before I go with some ink.
Thanks, I noticed that when doing the weapons. The insides are a pain to paint.
Why not? They did that with the Falcon
Depends on where you live. In the city? On a farm? On/near an oil field?
Its not much different from most other cities I've lived in, just on a slightly smaller scale. It has all the typical stores and restaraunts. The only thing you miss out on is all the major concerts, but theres a few a year.
Unintended consequences...
at least its not a cheap metallic swirl
Can't find a pic right now, but the metallic plastic where you can see the swirls of the colors not mixing properly.
As a collector (of various things), I cringed reading that post...
I'm still subbed, but I only show up when the new chapters launch. Seriously considering unsubbing. My guild has like 3 players and my raid group has disbanded and quit due to no new content. No point playing a game with nothing to strive for. Plus I played for the community and social aspects, and I'm lucky if there's one other person I know online
I don't think I've been in my ship since KOTFE launched
My parents have Hughesnet. 1.25mbps on a good day, and they're paying almost 3 figures a month. Oh, and its a 475mb/day cap, where the pool refills 1mb every 10 minutes (I did some independent testing). So, ironically, you can play MMOs all day long, but 1 youtube video kills your internet for the rest of the day.
Theres scans out on the internet. Its interesting to see some of his earlier art
This is actually the last book I read. I have Kenobi, Mercy Kill, and a bunch of other books on my "to read" shelf, but Apocalypse was really the best way to round it off.
I hate to beat a dead horse, but they could have easily picked the story up post-FotJ. Introduce Jaina and Jag as the new protagonists, or even as background characters. They could introduce the First Order as a splinter cell of the Remnant and take it from there. Maybe a flashback sequence to Jacen and Anakin Solo, and then pick it up where they did with TFA.
Well yeah...but its statistically unlikely.
Well yeah...but its statistically unlikely.
George Washington. To beat the shit out of these people that call themselves politicians.
Yep, he just got friend zoned for life.
With Windows 7 you would have been fine swapping it over and uninstalling the old drivers. With Windows 10, you'll probably need to reactivate the licence.
The Cat Returns
Those of us old enough to remember times before TPM knew that.
We were fucked either way.
Star Wars. I'd be Watto. Literally nothing happens to that guy. Although he's more antagonist than villain.
Vendor trash
Hollywood Undead. God they put on a good show.
Loud, fast music and video games for a few hours
Spying
And, threats from the H campaign to take down that unflattering image in 3...2...
Fuck...
The main thing is to find a distraction to put energy into.
1) ?? 2) 9498 3) ?? possibly from the Mars Mission theme 4) ?? 5) 75014 6) 75039 7) 76017 8) 76007 9) 7345 10) 60057 11) also 76007 12) 75024 13) 70503 14) 75019
its actually from the Battle of Hoth set, since the wampa cave one comes in orange instead of grey
The father should be charged equally for failing to make his kids wear seat belts. Their deaths could have been avoided in multiple ways.
And how is eating plants not murder, since both are living organisms?
On a positive STD test
Virgins
I lost interest when my friends stopped playing. Another friend started a private server but you can only do so much with 2 people.
Dropkick Murphys first show in Alaska.
Her and Feinstein are going to tag team the 2nd Amendment next year. As much as I hate to say it, Trump may be our last line of defense.
Which is dumb. It's like saying we should all ditch cable because the Internet has just as many TV shows. Just because some people chose to do it doesn't mean everyone should be forced to do it.
Not necessarily, just plug your cable into your motherboard video port.
Just brain cells
Neither are fruits and vegetables
&gt;Heading for the US end of July / beginning of august for the first time and for couple of weeks and I was wondering what is the best / tax free place to buy computer components from. &gt;As I understand, Microcenter and Fray's are the best, but what states impose taxes on computer components so I can avoid them? we will be visiting more than one state but did not decide which ones yet Google the sales tax for each state you'll be visiting. I wouldn't suggest planning your trip based on which states have no sales tax. &gt;If I bought from a tax-imposed state will I be able to redeem the tax when I exit the US? (like Euro VAT) ? I don't believe so. US taxes (sales tax) aren't like VAT (value added tax). The VAT wikipedia article explains the difference fairly well. &gt;Also, will I face any troubles in the airport by having those components on me (all new in their original package)? I am planning to put them in a carry on case on the plane (When components bought from Germany there was no issues, but not sure if US is the same case) You'll be limited on carry-on items, so it would be best to put it in your checked luggage unless you don't have anything else to carry on with you.
You're welcome!
/r/Pyongyang
It asks for boot media, so he's getting past POST
Pay for health care. Pay 5-6 figures for a basic education. Carry guns in public. Celebrate a holiday where we basically forced ourselves upon the native population and took over.
What are you, 12?
What scapegoat? We all know that the gun did it. The shooter was just an innocent victim of the evil gun lobby! /s
Call into work. Fuck dealing with the fallout from that. Then I'd barricade myself inside.
Car, and then guns. Then probably knives and hammers. After that, really heavy textbooks.
Thanksgiving
Canada, and most of Europe. Or so they claim.
11/10 either way.
Not my thing
I assume you're a girl?
tau get 3 crisis suits in the Get Started! box, throw in a Commander and you can load him up with Signature Systems and roflstomp shit
I have a Russian coworker who is $20k in credit card debt, works 2 jobs and says he needs all this to live an "international lifestyle", whatever that means. He has a timeshare he never visits, goes to Vegas for all his vacations, and has multiple "get rich quick" schemes that he's been "perfecting" for years. *LITERALLY* living the American dream. Meanwhile, I'm $20k in student loan debt and just past the point where I'm not living paycheck to paycheck anymore.
RIP Mars Polar Lander
They do exist!
Taco Bell is open til 2am or later for a reason!
Should have burst out into Deutschland Uber Alles
Fuck you guys, I'm still not over that Jenner character
Its the same bullets cops use. Their lawyer COULD argue that you were looking to shoot someone so you bought special bullets, but since its used by all the professionals, it wouldn't hold up in in court.
The Authoritarian platform in a nutshell. "We don't think you can handle yourself, so we're going to dress and feed you and tell you how to live your life, for your own safety!"
My girlfriend is almost a better shot than I am. She was watching a horror movie and made the comment "if she had a gun, this movie would have been over in 5 minutes." Her sister, a bleeding heart liberal (she's voting for Hillary of all people), said "No, she'd end up shooting through her house, her neighbors house, and kill a little kid." The disconnect is astounding.
You don't notice it if worn properly. The closest thing I can compare it to is wearing boots all winter, then switching to regular shoes and going "man, my feet feel a lot lighter" Edit: also, I don't carry mine every day. If I'm just going to work (where I can't), or running to the store, I don't bother. But if I'm going to be out running errands or shopping all day I will. And if I'm out at night (usually dinner and a movie with the girlfriend), then I definitely do. After the string of movie theater-related shootings a few years back I started getting serious about it, plus I had a few run-ins in parking lots with sketchy people begging for money, and some of them don't take "no" for an answer right away.
Let me guess, the ones I already have work just fine? You sound like my girlfriend /s
I think that falls under being friendly with strangers
I take it you don't have any political parties fueled by religion?
Pretty common in Europe too (source: was born in Europe, had dick mutilated at a young age).
It used to be that you paid a nominal ($50-$200) fee for a new phone ever 2 years when renewing your phone contract. This practice has largely gone away with the Telcoms shafting people and realizing they could charge full price and we'd still buy a new phone every year (no, I'm not bitter. What makes you think that?). Of course you do have the people who need the latest and greatest gadgets, and will pay $800 for a new phone when they just spent $700 for their last one a year ago.
And some people do that. The telcoms reasoning was that the rest of the phone price is in your bill, so you're still paying for it. Now they're saying that if you pay $25 a month for 2 years it'll cover the cost of the phone, so they're reducing the monthly contract price, but from what I've seen, you're actually paying more a month since they didn't reduce the contract by $25, only $5 or $10.
Pretty much
Bingo!
A lot. Both my brothers still live at home and are gamers.
Gun sales are at an all time high and gun injuries/deaths are almost the lowest they've ever been.
Fair enough.
Lol, I know what you mean.
Not sure if serious or sarcasm.
&gt;those are classically poverty stricken gang territories. That was my point. No one bothers to do anything about it, but let's blame the gun lobby when a guy goes postal.
My girlfriend was like that until her sisters boyfriend moved in with them. She still does it when he's not around.
Those were his words (minus the literally)
&gt;A deranged kid in a country where there are good gun laws will maybe come at school with a kitchen knife and the worst case scenario is that someone gets a bad scratch. I have a Canadian friends who was stabbed with a streak knife multiple times for refusing to share a cigarette. On school grounds. He was lucky the blade missed his spine/CNS. He still ended up being hospitalized for a few weeks.
Because our govt doesn't care when poor black people kill each other.
You got the day off?
Well, I know what we'll see on tomorrows /r/TIL
Mine did it to a dead crow...
step-siblings?
fuckin samsquanch!
DOYOUBELIEVEINATHINGCALLEDLOVE?
I can only speak from my experience, but this is about as close as the aurora borealis looks with the naked eye. http://auroravillage.com/media/uploads/slideshows/home-slider-1.jpg If you have some clouds, it blurs it a little more
Same, its been about 4 months for me...
Front page for this photogenic hero in 3..2...
Where I work, we only deal with actual computer equipment (PCs, printers, etc.). We have an entire maintenance department that works on the general electric equipment (coffee makers, etc). I once got a call about the volume on a TV fluctuating, and another about a paper shredder.
Yeah, I was all for it, but the nipple spikes killed it for me
I thought sanders was giving his leftover campaign money to the Party if he loses?
&gt; Not every American citizen, and not "militias" like the Oathkeepers. http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/militia See #2
As a libertarian, I agree. The Dems are the one party who campaigns for personal freedom and equality and alienates an entire group of people because they shit on the 2nd Amendment because "guns are scary" Imagine if we had a sudden influx in teens being killed by illegal street races. We'd have people all over our asses because "modern cars go too fast!" and they would write all kinds of legislation to dictate how fast cars can go, ban any foreign car from importation that goes faster than 65 mph, and force us to turn over all our "illegal death machines" and make us take the bus/buy a Prius instead.
Gorillas aren't native to the US. I also support the right for squirrel arms.
&gt;Seventeen Articles Approved by the House August 24, 1789 aka, the original formatting of the Bill of Rights &gt;**Fifth Article:** A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the People, being the best security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed, but no one religiously scrupulous of bearing arms, shall be compelled to render military service in person. whats that? "the body of the People" constitutes a militia?
Now you're just making assumptions
Unless you get stopped, frisked, and BAM illegal carry in public.
And 7th circuit appeals said that we have a right to carry guns outside the home. Since California already banned open carry, the 9th effectively contradicts the 7th.
This! Been gone way too long
I built mine a barn
It's just you. I had a map to a cave and still couldn't find it
&gt;so what? if he/others can't put in those hours then he/they should not be on their level. Kind of hard to survive as the new kid on a pvp server.
Official PVE isn't bad
Yeah, I've seen lv 2 wild Argents fuck up level 30 wild sabers. I know tamed stats are different, but I wouldn't go more than 1v1
https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4lm5ej/z/d3oecis
I played on one for months, and aside from some issues with pillaring (which was promptly fixed), I've had nothing but good interactions with other players. The worst part was the rubberbanding, but thats an issue on all official servers.
You assume that just because someone CAN do something to harm you means they WILL
Ain't that right!
Cool, I'll just hang tight then
Interesting
Jesus, it just got better the more I scrolled
Stop asking stupid questions
New Canon or old?
Introduced my family to Cards Against Humanity. My mom won more times than any other two players combined, and we played through the whole box. I saw my parents in a whole new light that night.
Holy fuck... Blaming Christians on a guy who was raised as a Muslim? That's a new level of apologist. Christianity isn't isn't the only religion that condems homosexuality.
Nobody said he was devout.
Yes
Short of eradicating entire civilizations, there's not much that can be done.
How many millions has Michael Bloomberg spent on politicians through Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Everytown for Gun Safety?
No. I'm tired of compromising away my rights. Before 1934 anyone could buy machine guns without government approval. Prior to 1968 you could have guns shipped to your house. Before 1986 you could buy newly manufactured machine guns with government approval. Now you can only buy ones already in circulation. Between 1994-2004 "assault weapons" were banned with no impact on gun related crimes. 1986 was the only year gun owners got anything close to a "break", in the fact that traveling with a firearm was made slightly easier by nationalizing a law.
Before being bought out, there was a lot more leniency with content and a lot less cracking down on posting. By admins and mods.
International man of mystery
THAT is how you deal with terrorists. Terror is the only language they understand.
Every Friday afternoon
Eventually...
&gt; But then when you see someone with a gun ~~you automatically know they are a bad guy~~ its too late. FTFY. Dude wasn't strolling down the street for a few hours with his guns out before going on a rampage.
Pandora set to The Cult I also have a sleep sounds app set to campfire + rain
Kind of odd, but ever cough/sneeze so much you almost black out? That fuzzy feeling when your head starts to settle feels so good, but weird and scary at the same time.
Haha!
Dragon Dance, that I've slowly started modifying with missing textures.
polish andesite and diorite
Dragon Dance
Nope, its Dragon Dance. I've slowly been updating the missing blocks myself (see the Spruce door?)
Fair enough. For some background, this pig showed up in my yard one day. The next time I logged in, it was in my house. He just hangs out there now with my wolves.
Identifying cars based in the shape of their lights. According to my grandma, I've been doing it since I was a kid.
Could just as easily been from the Clinton campaign. You know, the ones calling people racists for speaking against Muslims.
How? Muslims are part of a religion, not a race.
I don't see how thats defending them. Are they Jewish by religion or can they trace their ancestry to ancient Judea? Because [Jewish Christians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Christian) are definitely a thing.
You have a good new year too, buddy!
I'm blaming alcohol.
OT
me too
Apparently I deleted the old pictures. Had to retake them http://i.imgur.com/VrsZ8a9.jpg Also turned the 2 console chairs into one swivel chair.
I had blinds up and the shelf next to it, but there was a gap and apparently it was just the right angle for the light to hit the shelf.
My landlord replaced the windows last year and since then I just moved my shelves to the opposite wall.
Cool I'll try that. Worst case, I'll bricklink the damaged parts.
I love the transparent dome ones. I don't see an R4-P17...
They replaced the grey brick separator in 2010
I have 2 grey ones growing up, from bucket sets. I have at least a dozen orange ones from recent sets. I was actually surprised that the new AT-ST didn't come with one.
I'm digging your Sidon Ithano minifig! By far the most underrated background character in TFA
That was one of the thoughts that came to mind.
Yep
they made both versions, ~~76005~~ 75006 came with the full figure
right!? i mean, i get Teedo since its how Rey and BB-8 meet, but still!!
I'm confused about your comment on the shape of the cab. I used to work for a used car dealership, and every time we had cars delivered, it was by a conventional (nose cab) car hauler. As far as the police using them, every police agency I've seen always left the car hauling to the local tow companies.
That Rebel battle pack looks way better than last year's (minus the alien heads)! And I love that we can get the Death Troopers in a battle pack. I guess I'll be picking up two! I hope they put out a Shoretrooper battlepack too, because that Scarif set is a bit much. Also, 42065 looks amazing! I haven't had a lego RC car since 5599!
Gives my wallet time to recover from the binge-buying I did in December...
Well, there are 6 non-canon books about him and they're releasing a canon book in April...
I don't care if this set ends up being $40, I'm still buying it for Thrawn!
I'm just amused that they used Black &amp; Yellow as the song for the trailer...
oops, 75006
Lego is on a sci-fi binge. Thats why ninjago went hi-tech with space pirates and cyborgs and nexo knights have robots.
waiting for my ep 7 Falcon to arrive on Wednesday...
Freaking sweet!
