I don't have a comprehensive knowledge of Japanese VR titles, but Little Witch Delivery Service was released on Gear VR recently and Gliding Princess (plus a cyberpunk interactive FMV title iirc?) was in the recent VR Jam. There's also the car parking simulator, kitten simulator (Nyaaculus?), and Sword Art Online promotional demo. I think I remember a ski jump and fireplace demo. Edit: Oops, forgot Suwako-chan Cubic.
([Artist's impression.](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/puking_rainbows_gravity_falls_looped.gif))
Unity 5 + OpenGL ES 3.0 is broken on the Galaxy S6. I'm not certain about Unity 4.x, but the release notes seem to indicate it's specific to 5.x.
You need to choose a side. It's not divisive enough, otherwise. ^(^:/)
Thanks! I certainly wasn't expecting this result when I first entered. To be honest I'd expected to have to drop out before the end :P.
Oops, I moved something on Dropbox and it broke all links :(. Fixed now. I also hope to have DK2 updates ready to match the new GearVR version, soon.
Thanks!
Yeah, I wasn't expecting as many compatibility issues either. Scorched Battalion started working on the S6 once I switched from GLES 3.0 to 2.0.
Hopefully many people will still be able to expand their games and get them onto the Oculus Store and/or elsewhere.
They mentioned some way of letting the judges test multiplayer games requiring two headsets seemingly without actually having two headsets in the same room. Presumably some sort of tunnelling to simulate a local network over the Internet? If so, maybe that broke Internet connectivity needed for analytics reports?
/u/Fastidiocy made the [concept image](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2xohqo/oculus_will_die_if_they_dont_x_at_gdc/cp2mvw9?context=3). I thought up some ideas for the controller, but largely I just evangelise for it. It was inspired by a prototype controller seen in the background of an image from when Oculus acquired Carbon Design. I originally suggested calling it the Palm^(^erluc)Key and /u/jonamaton else said just Palmer would be simpler.
Jewellery-tracking confirmed as the CV1 input method!
That's... actually less than I would have expected. A lot of things are admittedly downloaded without going through Share, though.
There's now a newer, globally-signed version on the [VR Jam page](http://vrjam.challengepost.com/submissions/36332-scorched-battalion). There's also [this alternate version](https://www.dropbox.com/s/f5p0tg7b6ywb2kl/GLnCjc2GS4unSlL4Ktjo_ScorchedBattalion_v0_6_1.apk?dl=1) that was downgraded to SDK 0.5.1 and seems to have better performance as a result.
I'm not advocating it, but it is technically possible to make something in UE4, or Unity with the right plugins, without particularly doing any programming. You'd need to work within the confines and limitations (and flaws) of whatever GUI system you were using, though, and knowing enough to be able to write at least some simple code would probably make things a lot easier even then. Starting with learning some code (the basics at least) seems like a good idea to me, but it's very difficult to learn from scratch without being able to do anything practical. Once you're familiar with one language you can basically sit down with a book and learn another in many cases, but when starting out, make sure you're at least set up to output text so you can mess about and see results when you want to. I don't know about UE4, but many Unity tutorials try to teach basic programming at the same time as the editor stuff. That may provide a reasonable way for you to be able to test what you write.
You install and it shows up in the normal app list like a normal, non-VR app. Run from there and it will prompt you to insert the phone into the headset.
I think Boo has been removed in Unity 5. JavaScript was most common in old Unity tutorials and docs, but they've mostly all used C# more recently. I like C#, though loose typing probably makes things easier to pick up at first.
They've advertised Lighthouse features as integral to the HTC Vive so far. Imho if the controllers, base stations or associated software fall victim to Valve Time, Vive will end up delayed to match it. (Hopefully not for as long as Steam Machines though.)
Are the OVR hooks available to change Rift-specific settings, reset the tracking position etc?
One should only rarely accept advice from a piece of fruit, in my experience.
I'd like to know if it's still possible to do a completely separate view for something like a telescope or rifle scope. ^(Or an eyepatch for a pirate simulator.)
"Multi-view rendering" is presumably the layer system added in 0.6.0? Apparently there was also some late-latching code included, but I don't know if it's functional or whether Unity actually makes use of either feature.
There's an older DK2 version on scorchedbattalion.com . I was thinking about updating it to the latest version once Unity 5.1p1 was available so I could do a Mac port at the same time.
The dev kit uses a sync cable, but the manual says it'll be gone for the consumer release.
Sharpen first; wave later.
Because the room and head tracking will still be running at 90fps, a low frame rate on the virtual screen won't actually cause nausea, by the way.
Ah, that's a point admittedly :/. I'd only been considering safety issues related to letting go of the controllers unintentionally. Still unfortunate if that's the reason.
Native Rift support in Windows 10 is the most impressive thing about the collaboration. That hopefully means everything will be plug &amp; play, no problems with getting Direct Mode working, no unnecessary latency or performance issues etc. If people think the virtual cinema is all there is to VR, that could put them off, but there'll always be some experience that could put people off if they mistakenly think it's all VR is about.
If they use Bluetooth, presumably they could technically connect and use the buttons and IMUs. If not, a receiver could perhaps be built into the headset? (which wouldn't be helpful for the existing GearVRs). Theoretically, I guess IR cameras on the headset or phone and track the controllers from there, but that seems unlikely for the near future.
Looking at that image makes me glad I'm not a moderator.
[NOOOOO^(OOOO^OOOOooo!)](http://i.imgur.com/4SNFME3.jpg)
I took it to be making fun of people's lack of imagination. Microsoft probably should have used something like the moon cinema for that video, though.
Shipping was US$75 for me in Australia. Some additional shipping options for CV1 would certainly be nice if that was possible (any chance of shipping directly from China?) Also note that the taxes this country requires us to pay don't apply to purchases under $1000 if shipped from overseas.
People will be worried about it again [a few weeks](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/36g2oo/the_rift_is_an_open_platform_we_dont_control_what/crebs8d) from now. (If not hours.)
&gt; So it's a little heavier [than Crescent Bay]. (For durability reasons). Interesting -- hopefully not too much heavier. &gt; **What is the field of view of the consumer Rift?** &gt; "We're not announcing the exact spec here today, but it's very wide. It's no less than anything you've seen before." DK1 or greater FOV confirmed?
You might already mean this, but to clarify for anyone who's unsure: You should already be able to turn 360 degrees with the consumer Rift and one camera, due to LEDs on the back plate, but controllers would be blocked by your body while facing away. Two cameras would also allow for more accurate and reliable tracking and a larger overall tracking area.
Not certain I properly understand your implication, but my point was that if Oculus doesn't add Rift support to the OpenVR library themselves, it seems fairly certain someone else will. As far as I know it already supports DK2.
No problem. On that subject, can anyone tell me whether OpenVR currently interfaces with the Oculus SDK or attempts to act as a replacement for it? I haven't looked into it yet. I guess a few changes will need to be made to their Unity implementation now that Unity is attempting to support multiple headsets natively.
The VRJam version is already available at Pangasinan's link. Iirc the developer said it was rejected for the Oculus Store.
Only problem is that you can't access the indexes on mobile devices.
I'd also be interested in the draft if it's not a problem.
&gt; I wonder why Bethesda didn't support the Rift It could be partly because their lawsuit against Oculus is ongoing.
It hasn't been buggier for me (though there was a performance issue on GearVR that's at least mostly fixed in 0.6.0.1). I had the impression that when people talked about bugginess they were referring to the 0.6.0 runtime causing issues with software that hadn't been updated to use 0.6.0, but I could be wrong.
The linked 0.6.0 version was using Unity 5.0.2. I've updated to 5.1 recently but am still having issues at this point. Lightmaps stopped working and performance was roughly halved on the Gear VR.
From the look of the Oculus controllers I expect it'd be easier to forget they're there, which would make them very versatile and help with hand presence. The wand feeling might be an improvement in a few cases, though (e.g. swords or fishing poles?)
Though you might need to connect some sort of receiver. Maybe they'll use the Xbox controller's wireless receiver? There's also the possible second camera.
Reading the user comments on that article is kind of interesting/confusing. They range from 2012 to the present day in no particular order.
Maybe it's just that everyone's searching for the term "Valve's SteamVR HTC Re Vive"?
I'd love that, but I'm afraid that even though it was originally developed for the PS3, they mightn't get it running at the necessary frame rate in VR. And either way, they could easily feel that the camera movements would be too inclined to cause nausea. Hope I'm wrong, though, since even if I couldn't personally stomach it for long it'd be great just to be able to look around the environments.
Most games are, but apparently a few of the tech demos, at least, genuinely are running at 120fps (e.g. the PS4 controller demo with the little robots).
I don't know about any list, and not many are confirmed, but at least a few missing (e.g. Monster Escape which they'll supposedly be demoing, Loading Human which they may not be demoing).
&gt; So one of the things our games teams suggested and our hardware guys agreed to implement is for PS4 game developers [to] be able to render two different screens at the same time: one for Morpheus and one for TV. So what you are going to try and see at this E3? Japan Studio has made a new demo called Monster Escape. So that's a five-player game; one versus four. One being the person wearing Morpheus. And if you're in Morpheus, you become the Monster. And the four people holding the DualShock and looking at the TV and playing the game like a regular game [are] against the monster. I was asking about this ages back. It'd be really handy if it could be made easy to do in Unity. There are several potential uses. (Though a sensor to detect when the headset is donned/removed would cover one of them). &gt; So, it's just natural for them to come up with a hand solution. And it's great for devs, because without Oculus doing it, devs would have to make a tough choice to use Move and Valve to allow the hand presence and skip Oculus or redesign for Oculus. Or not use it at all. ... I am so happy about their announcement. Exactly what I'd been thinking.
Plus it already has comfort-mode turning.
As far as I know, Valve's actual Chaperone system can be used with any headset supported by OpenVR (e.g. DK2) if the developers set it up.
There's already a greater problem with PS Move not having a trackpad or analogue stick. It'll cause some limited fragmentation, but not of the sort that having no motion controls would, where you need to choose between - or attempt to support - two completely different methods of interacting with a game. It's mostly just like one controller has a few more buttons, and devs have been working around that with console controllers etc. for a long time now.
...Because you place your coffee cup down on a coaster?...
That just doesn't sound weird enough to interest me.
Sounds good to me. I guess the argument against it might be that it reminds you you're actually wearing a headset, though games that it wasn't suited for wouldn't have to make use of it. I'd like a dedicated recentre button on the headset, personally. If they use a sensor to tell whether it's on your face like the Gear VR, though, that might work well enough I guess.
Depends on how you define it. We call HMD tracking "head tracking".
I'd guess tightening it could get you slightly closer, though normally it'd make sense to set the tightness for whatever's comfortable. Obviously removing the glasses extender would be the main thing, and some of the facial interfaces might effectively put your eyes closer to the lenses than others depending on your head shape.
Will source files for Toybox be provided to developers as an example of how to set up interactions with the Touch controllers?
Volume: Vive's is bigger because it uses two base stations if nothing else. The Rift can use two cameras but only comes with one. Setup: To use Vive's larger tracking area you need to set up two base stations, preferably high near the corners of your room looking down. Base stations need to connect to power or have batteries [charged/replaced?] (nothing known about battery life) Cost, options, cables: No one knows. From HTC comments it sounds as if Vive is likely to be more expensive. Vive comes with motion controllers, Rift comes with Xbox One wireless controller (motion controllers released separately afterwards). Rift is reportedly lighter and more comfortable for now, but the final consumer Vive hasn't been revealed yet.
I didn't downvote, but: Technically it's six months maximum between the CV1 and Touch releases if we assume no delays, not minimum. Since CV1 is unlikely to launch on New Year's Day, it'll probably be something less than that. Some Touch dev kits are already in developer's hands, and it's the consumer release of Touch that's supposed to be in the first half of 2016. Software will likely be available as most devs will want to port their motion-controlled Vive games to the Rift. It'll probably be about six months from the Vive release, though (assuming that's not delayed), so I'm not recommending holding off or anything. Both are likely to be good choices for slightly different reasons.
Are we sure that wouldn't be an advantage in VR?
Costs involved in handling the extra SKU would be greater than the savings on the headphones. Some people will probably end up breaking theirs, so you could always give or sell your spares to them.
I've been a proponent of a camera on the headset in the past, but if it was similar to Gear VR's passthrough system (hold button for a few seconds to bring up menu, select Passthrough option, tap and wait for the camera to start up), it wouldn't be that useful to be honest.
It is in the case of local multiplayer games.
Plus they clearly state they're talking about a partnership deal that would lock the Rift to a specific game console (i.e. if Microsoft or Sony purchased them), which is unrelated to their recent deal with Microsoft. Edit: On the Fresnel lenses, by the way, Palmer mentioned in his recent [RoadToVR interview](http://www.roadtovr.com/24-minutes-with-oculus-founder-palmer-luckey-on-rift-cv1-touch-controllers-fresnel-lenses-and-more/) that CV1's lenses are a hybrid of fresnel and traditional lens technologies with more advanced machining than normal, so his comments on common Fresnel lenses probably still stand.
Another problem is that the Rift tracking camera almost certainly still has a filter on it to block non-IR light.
Something they should have mentioned when asked about the advantages of a wide FOV is that, when seated, it's actually really awkward to look directly behind yourself with a ~100 degree FOV. Normally you turn your eyes far to the side in that situation. It'd be handy for things like flight sims where you want to be able to glance in any direction without a swivel chair. Overall, though, while I'd love to try it, I don't think I'll be buying one any time soon.
This made me think of not a bad way to explain VR to people who haven't tried it. "Imagine you have a huge IMAX screen in front of you. VR is the cinema seats surrounding you and the people seated next to you."
Ah I see -- it's possible that Meltdown would have problems even if it did work in Extended Mode just because it needs the 0.6.0 runtime, depending. Out of interest, what happened when you tried to use the 0.6.0 runtime? (E.g. it wouldn't install? It installed but nothing worked?)
So you're saying the information was old, but they hadn't changed the basic HMD design since then, therefore Palmer lied when he said it was old?
^(One of the few times I've seen "hear hear" written correctly on the Internet.)
&gt; I'm speaking strictly on the design of the consumer version. You might be, but Palmer wasn't. He was responding to the leak generally. In fact, he mentioned specific examples from the leak in his post, and none of them were the HMD design. The HMD itself was old in any case as evidenced by the green glowing earphones and particularly the front-facing camera (which wouldn't have been removed immediately before the final version was locked down considering how iterative and cautious the design process has been). Like I said, we can disagree over whether "ancient" was the correct word to use. I think it was too strong, but obviously nobody thought the images were ~thousands of years old so it was clearly hyperbole either way. The argument becomes "how old does 'ancient' mean when not used literally?" ^(Edit: Considering that the basic design in the leaked image builds closely upon Crescent Bay's, it's not plausible that Palmer intended people to believe it was DK1-era stuff.)
[Associated article.](http://uploadvr.com/room-scale-possible-testing-the-standing-tracking-volume-on-the-oculus-rift/) Note that Oculus has confirmed that you can set cameras up in the corners of the room if you want -- Palmer said the E3 units weren't set up for maximum tracking volume. Obviously you'd need to get hold of a second camera (seems plausible that the Touch controllers might come with one), and run a USB cable from the camera to your PC. If things are what they seem to be in the video, the CV1 tracking camera's FOV must be enormous. I was expecting it to be wider than Crescent Bay, but nothing like that.
Good question. Could also be to avoid people noticing light leakage around the nose or something, I guess.
Ask [Kanye West](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3a8ceq/kanye_west_latest_celebrity_vr_convert) for his impressions, maybe? (Or just wait for the next [tech awards ceremony](https://imgflip.com/i/n7c3w).)
I'm afraid I can't remember where exactly, but an Oculus member said either here or on the Oculus forums that the current GearVRs would continue to be supported after things went full consumer so to speak, and it's been recommended to developers that they try to support all models.
At least one person said you can hold the controller that way while otherwise opening your hand completely.
I [agree](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3a28mp/mark_reign_the_oculus_touch_was_truly_ground/cs8p3zh?context=3) (the pictured hand strap looks like it could still fly off if you were waving your hands around, though, so it might need some adjustments). There'd probably still be time for them to change something like that at this point. If not, though, the controller looks as if it'll be great anyway.
Just adding to that: GreenManGaming has frequent ~25% off coupons (for Steam keys). See also isthereanydeal.com
I couldn't even locate the original GameStar piece (maybe it was in their print magazine but not online? Or they pulled it offline? Or I just missed it) to check whether they give any source for the information. It's pretty-much just rumour at this point.
I wonder how they'll handle things like Unity integration?
Ah, thanks! They attribute the info to Jeff Gatis of HTC. Assuming it's not a misunderstanding (on either GameStar or HTC's part), it seems legit. Edit: Here's the Google Translated excerpt for anyone interested: &gt; Although Steam is making great efforts, with steamos to push its own Linux-derivative as a gaming operating system in the market that will initially work exclusively with Vive Windows. Steam boxes were always too slow for the Vive-VR, Gattis smirked mischievously, you prefer to concentrate on the Windows operating system.
[Cow towing.](http://compasscayman.com/uploadedImages/caycompass/2014/09/12/Cow-Tow.jpg)
Unfortunately, wild speculation is an unforgivable crime here on /r/oculus. You are forever banished lest your unprecedented example influence others of our innocent and blameless society.
Ah, sorry, I was only meaning when untethered. Sounds like it uses the Cardboard SDK for now at least.
What will help Gear VR will likely be the full consumer release expected later this year.
Pretty unfortunate that Scorched Battalion crashed. I guess the combination of the phone already starting to overheat plus the WiFi streaming video capture was too much for it.
No update to the Unity integration package with this version. I wonder if they intend to keep providing a standard package in addition to one that works with native Unity VR support?
GirlVR's post is good and constructive and overall I agree with both you and her. Just wanted to throw in some related thoughts. When I first learned electronic games existed at the age of four ^((possibly three)^), I was intensely interested and basically thought of little else for some time ^((or, arguably, "from then on")^). Nobody needed to market them to me -- they were in fact Nintendo Game &amp; Watch games owned by female relatives and, with the possible exception of Donkey Kong, were fairly gender-neutral: spray insects to protect your greenhouse, move washing lines to avoid raindrops falling on your washing. Preventing me from attempting to involve myself with these sorts of things would have been a difficult task without killing me. I found I was able to sense the high-pitched sound of an arcade machine's CRT screen at considerable distances. After eventually managing to get hold of a second-hand Vic 20 from another relation, if the type of games I wanted to play didn't exist I attempted to create them ^(with varying, but mostly low, levels of success). Early on, being known to even own a computer actually attracted a level of social stigma at my school. When I heard of VR, I had a strong compulsion to try it that basically lasted 20+ years. Now, it's very obvious that not all males react this way (though afaik many of the first computer games were created by those who did), and there are women and girls who do have the same kind of reaction as me. Some of those girls will have been opposed by sexism on the part of their parents/guardians and, with some effort, prevented or deterred from pursuing their interest. My point is simply that if people are really strongly interested in something, it's not always easy to put them off with scattered insensitive comments or vague social expectations, as bad as some of those things may be. /u/girlvr and others in this thread are examples of that. I myself see things that I find offensive or disagreeable with some frequency in the regions of the Internet I frequent, and I don't expect that will ever change. None of this means there aren't serious problems that need to be fixed, I just don't think they are the sole, or necessarily even the main, cause of the lower average interest among some groups. From both a personal and a business perspective I'd love to get all demographics more interested in the things that interest me, but I don't see changing anyone's inclinations regarding VR as a moral imperative. ^(Edited for typos.)
Essentially it's because very little research has been done and nobody is sure that it *couldn't* cause damage. If anything the research I've heard of (on primates) suggested it would be unlikely to cause permanent damage even with extreme, long-term use, but I wouldn't want to try it. It shouldn't be any worse than watching a 3D movie on a screen, though. As far as I know the occasional *short* session is less likely to cause harm than a lot of other things kids do.
Sounds great! Hopefully sales will pick up again when the consumer Vive and Rift are released.
An expanded Arpeture Science experience is rumoured, and seems plausible, but I haven't seen any actual evidence. I'd think they'll be likely to officially announce more software when preorders open, if not earlier, so if there's no word of it by then it probably isn't happening (anytime near the launch date at least).
A better question might be how many will run well enough on a laptop.
Still presumably easier to arrange some form of battery pack than try to roll your own positional tracking system for CV1, though. Anyone know whether it was confirmed that CV1 runs off USB3.0 power only, by the way? I thought I heard it did, but can't remember where if so.
Ah, apologies, I must have misread it. Post deleted to avoid misleading people.
I was just taking FRAGZILLAZ' word for it. Fictional characters, idol groups, and a segment of female j-pop bands, then :p.
If it's not discrete, it's probably not technically a "card".
When people talk about chargebacks they're usually talking about a service provided by credit/debit card companies. As far as I know, reversing a bank payment is probably complex in any country.
&gt; ...stereopsis (binocular disparity) is ... still effective up to ~65 meters... That's pretty impressive. I would have expected far less.
Sadly, the cancer spread to this thread via the hyperlink shortly before you arrived, and you have contracted it by posting here. You have approximately twelve minutes left to live.
&gt; I think that's the point. The Palmer in the video really does sound honest, the Palmer that tries to sell us on the Xbox gamepad idea during the last six months, does not. He's probably sounded less frank and direct by comparison, but I'm not sure what he's said since has sounded dishonest or particularly contradicted his earlier statement. He's basically said the XBox One controller is one of the all-time best traditional controllers, that most VR software developed over the last couple of years has been designed for a traditional controller and they can't betray those developers and abandon that high-quality content. None of that means a traditional controller is well suited to VR overall.
The main issue would be in delaying the headset until Touch is ready.
Also abnormally contagious.
I'd still keep an eye out during CES announcements, personally, just to be on the safe side. I wonder what the chances are of a pre-CES announcement, though? If there is one, probably it would be more likely to announce the pre-order date than immediate pre-orders (maybe?)
Not a problem.
If they meant two dozen rather than "around two dozen" or "at least two dozen", it's exactly 24. ^(Assuming they're not bakers, that is.)
It's still quite possible some of them might not be ready for the launch. Some were probably started later than others, for one thing, and some of them are Touch games. Anyway, though it may not make total logical sense, having some high-profile new games releasing occasionally throughout the hardware's lifecycle has some advantages over them *all* being available from the start.
&gt; What about the rest HMDs? ([At 1:02.](http://youtu.be/8SyD9phcids))
As others have mentioned, they'll definitely have some form of marketing campaign and already do some types of marketing now, but I was also wondering about what sort of mainstream marketing they plan to do. I.e. will they try to sell a mainstream audience on buying Oculus Ready PCs etc., or just focus on hardcore-ish gamers and tech enthusiasts for the first generation, relying on word of mouth to expand the audience a bit (or at least create a buzz that's useful long-term)?
You can try to get hold of Razer Hydra controls second-hand, but probably PS Move controllers would be better. Someone made a hacked PC driver for those, but I haven't tried it myself. Oculus is sending out Touch dev kits to developers working on promising Touch content. You probably need to sign some stuff so I don't know how it would work for a school, but it's probably worth a try getting in touch with them. Not sure who the correct contact would be, but you could try Callum (dev relations).
Being chosen to receive a free $600 dev kit makes a much bigger than $600 difference to developers if they can't buy a dev kit otherwise. It can be the difference between being able to develop something or not, in some cases.
The 780 (esp. overclocked) is pretty close to the recommended 970. I'd try it out and see how it goes. Then if performance is acceptable in the games you want to play, you can at least wait until new cards are released before upgrading.
VR will likely continue to take big leaps forward for a few generations yet, with each previous generation becoming largely obselete. If you can stand it, though, feel free to at least hold off for a while after the launch, see what's available and what the combined cost is, find somewhere to try it out before buying, and make your decision then.
Out of interest, what were some of the main mistakes from phase three from your perspective?
I also didn't actually pay much attention to the timing of announcements at previous shows. Is there a reason you think they'll wait until after press day?
Seems very plausible to me. Something relating to the camera always seemed like the simplest answer, but on the other hand many of us were already expecting something along these lines since the Vive was first shown with two cameras, and especially after HTC said it would track moving objects like pets some time back, so who knows.
I'll stick with early March. Not based on any special knowledge, though, just a guess.
The Re Vive thing was admittedly started by HTC, e.g. http://www.htc.com/cn/re/re-vive/ And it's not much less reasonable to call it a Valve product than to call Gear VR an Oculus product.
Maybe tagging would solve this, come to think of it. People who want only Oculus news could filter for the appropriate tags (possibly? Don't know much about Reddit tags).
Certainly not yet. Most VR games don't currently support SLI. Maybe later it will be worthwhile, but by that time 980s will probably be cheaper if nothing else.
ATW could be applied to non VR games, and techniques like instanced stereo rendering and multi-res shading (when not used with foveated rendering) mostly act to drag back some of the performance that's lost with high-FOV stereo rendering, but in theory foveated rendering really could make VR games less computationally intensive than non-VR games. Potentially far, far less. One thing that could change that would be if a really good eye tracker could be placed on top of or built into a normal monitor, and used for foveated rendering that way, but it seems like super-accurate super-high-FPS eye tracking should be easier with a camera fixed next to your eye than 2-3 feet away at a range of angles in uncertain lighting conditions. It'd also basically mean only one person could watch the screen at a time.
It's hard to guess what sort of info he'd accept. There are hardware impressions on a lot of mainstream sites, and there'll be a lot more from CES in a week from now, if that helps. While there may be issues with stock I doubt it'll be anything like the dev kits, so it may not take much longer if you don't pre-order early or possibly even if you don't preorder at all.
As far as I know Samsung should accept four dead pixels as a warranty issue. &gt; Every single VR HMD I have owned (four) has had dead pixels. This sounds like terrible luck :(.
For Lunar Flight, try switching to the Beta branch in Properties. I think it shows up as "Lunar Flight DK2" for me iirc.
That's a really interesting interview. He talks about some more advanced techniques like essentially TimeWarping the background environment every second frame to upsample it from 30fps to 60fps but genuinely rendering characters at 60fps on top of that.
([Link.](https://vrjam.devpost.com/submissions))
Thanks Will. I wonder what Dassault were intending to show with that image, in that case? Some sort of concept image maybe?
Just remember to enable the Turbo switch.
CES announcement: Pre-orders to launch one week prior to the last day of March!
Closest to the source I see is [here](http://www.pcgamer.com/oculus-rift-price/). I thought I'd actually seen the video of this interview and that in context it wasn't quite as they describe it, but I could be mistaken.
There's /r/oculusdev but it's pretty ghosttowny. Most dev discussion seems to be on the Oculus Forums. P.S. Someone posted [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zapib/if_you_are_a_unity_vr_developer_or_want_to_learn/) today.
Check SMS Racing from the VR Jam.
He says "Every year, I take on a personal challenge to learn new things and grow outside my work at Facebook. ... This should be a fun intellectual challenge to code this for myself", so I wasn't thinking he was planning to allocate a lot of manpower to it.
&gt; The DK2 camera actually still has the filter in place I was told they had an IR-passing filter on it. Is that on top of the colour filter?
They accepted PayPal for DK2 orders, so it's fairly likely.
I agree, but it sure looks like a speaker. Must be something.
&gt; Above $400 (per comments from Palmer) Are you saying there was a specific comment where he said it would be above $400, or that various comments seem to be generally implying it?
"Please enter your credit card information. The appropriate amount will be charged prior to shipping."
An Xbox controller is bundled with the Rift, shipping sometime before the end of March (exact release date coming in &lt;48 hours). The "controller" Soapinmouth was referring to is a pair of tracked hand controllers allowing you to reach into the virtual world and interact with things essentially naturally. Oculus has Oculus Touch coming in the second half of this year, and Vive is due to launch bundled with similar controllers in April.
Your description sounds about right. Palmer also says they want to work with manufacturers to add support for the "good" headsets on the Oculus Platform/Store after the Rift launch, but that it's out of their hands if the other party doesn't want to cooperate.
Maybe they'll say something about that at CES. You could also ask Palmer in his upcoming AMA if you want.
Yay!
I feel the same way within reason, but exactly this sort of thing caused a lot of outrage on /r/Vive, and just a couple of weeks ago I saw one guy accusing the mods here of having accepted bribes from Oculus because their Connect applications were apparently approved. Some people are very zero-tolerance about this stuff. Could end up being more trouble than it's worth. Thankfully, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zgoyg/the_lets_all_throw_down_and_buy_the_skint/) seems to have worked out well.
As far as I've seen it seems to get less credit than it deserves for having essentially invented the modern RTS genre (and for having been Command &amp; Conquer three and a half years before Command &amp; Conquer).
Yup, and two and a half years before the first Warcraft game. Warcraft wasn't as clone-y as C&amp;C (which is nonetheless a great game in its own right -- not disparaging it), but it still uses the same basic elements and principles. Edit: Then as they move on to Starcraft it gets closer to Dune II if anything.
So... Did you see that ludicrous display last night?
Note that older software that hasn't been compiled with recent runtime versions presumably won't work. The relevant developers would need to release updates.
I could be remembering this wrong, but I think for DK2 there was the option of a $50 deposit via PayPal or no deposit via credit card.
&gt; Sports scores on TV during a match Is this even something people want from AR?
The 980M doesn't appear to be all that far off a desktop 970 in benchmarks and might potentially meet Palmer's "over 9000" score recommendation, but the more important question is whether those laptops use Optimus (or some similarly problematic?) GPU switching not supported by Oculus. If so, nothing will run on them regardless of performance.
Unfortunately, I ran a Google search and found this: &gt; The EVO HX7 series also features NVIDIA Optimus technology Optimus laptops (which is nearly all of them) aren't supported by Oculus, and as far as I know the consumer Rift won't function with them in any way even if you otherwise meet the performance requirements.
If the 0.8 runtime works with it, it's possible that despite using Optimus it is somehow bypassing the related problem (by connecting the video cable directly to the graphics card?). I don't know a lot about the laptop issue, but I've seen a number of laptop users reporting they can't use recent runtimes and being told by Oculus employees it's because Optimus isn't supported. I was thinking that meant any laptop using Optimus technology had the same issue.
Ah, nice. So the problem isn't as simple as looking up whether the laptop uses Optimus, as I'd thought. Oculus had talked about the possibility of releasing an application to check people's systems for Rift compatibility... I wonder if there's any chance that will be released when preorders are opened? Despite what people say, the specs given by Oculus are officially marked as "recommended" rather than minimum. I expect they will in effect be the minimum to ensure smooth performance in every game on the Oculus store, but there's a good chance you could get by with a bit less in many games and think about upgrading after new graphics cards are released later this year.
I agree, though we should additionally keep in mind that [all he has](http://imgur.com/8tH0JdP) is his passion for VR, his legions of fans, his millions of dollars, and his youth. Completely deserving of the same respect and sympathy for another person trying to do their job - sometimes in difficult circumstances - as anyone else, but overall, he could probably do worse :).
And I decided to wait until after DK1 in order to *save money* :). Following the Facebook acquisition I actually suggested they consider doing this (not that it's a unique idea, and I doubt they saw the comment anyway). People thinking they'd made an investment and deserved a return were clearly mistaken, and Oculus didn't owe anyone anything they hadn't promised as backer rewards -- but that being said, if the Kickstarter did play a major part in helping them get their start and achieve massive financial success, it's a nice gesture to give the backers something extra. It should be good PR as well. To use an analogy, imagine your friend started a band and you encouraged him, bought his CDs, promoted his music to your acquaintances etc. If he became a big star, he wouldn't owe you anything, and demanding a payoff would be crazy. It'd still be a nice gesture if he decided to use some of his newfound wealth to buy you a present or pay for dinner, though. Oculus is a business and is under no obligation to act as anyone's friend, but many people involved with the Kickstarter essentially did feel like they were supporting their friends, and encouraging that is probably in Oculus' best interests to be honest. This really is a nice gesture on Oculus' part, and in a best-case scenario it's possible both parties could ultimately benefit from it.
They pay him half wages as punishment for not backing the Kickstarter.
&gt; We asked how a developer would go about getting one of those kits, but Mcree told us those details are still being ironed out.
&gt; HTC and Valve will be shipping out 7,000 Vive Pre systems to developers later this month. We asked how a developer would go about getting one of those kits, but Mcree told us those details are still being ironed out. *The developers that have already been working with Vive developer kits will have priority*. HTC confirmed that some of these kits have already been delivered to developers -- namely, those that have working demos at CES 2016. I wonder how many of the older developer kits were sent out, and whether they'll consider redistributing some of the old kits to new developers? If not, I guess the number of new developers to receive kits will be roughly 7000 minus [number of VDK1s in the wild].
Yup, from the [Tom's Hardware article](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/htc-vive-pre-first-look,30894.html): &gt; HTC and Valve will be shipping out 7,000 Vive Pre systems to developers later this month. We asked how a developer would go about getting one of those kits, but Mcree told us those details are still being ironed out. The developers that have already been working with Vive developer kits will have priority. HTC confirmed that some of these kits have already been delivered to developers -- namely, those that have working demos at CES 2016.
&gt; You're basically the guy that motivated Palmer to make the Oculus :D I am not a lawyer, but I'm pretty sure that means you legally own all of his money and possessions now. I mean, he wouldn't have had them without that motivation, anyway, right? Then a third sentence to take the joke even further in attempt to ensure that nobody mistakes the comment as serious.
If they put down exactly enough to buy a Rift ^(DK1), they got a Rift ^(DK1). Now, years later, they're getting a second, new-and-improved Rift for no extra money as a surprise.
The official info is that it will cost [more than $350](http://www.roadtovr.com/oculus-founder-palmer-luckey-explains-oculus-rift-cost-price-350/), and that the combined cost of a Rift and a computer system capable of running it well will be [around $1500](https://twitter.com/palmerluckey/status/680124132814528512). They've recently been dropping hints that seem to be preparing people for bad news on the price, though. We'll find out in less than 24 hours. Palmer said a company without major backing (i.e. Facebook) would need to sell the Rift for [$1000+](https://mobile.twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/status/680125746719805440). That would mean making enough profit to stay in business, not necessarily that they'd be making zero profit if they sold lower than that.
[Definitely higher](http://www.roadtovr.com/oculus-founder-palmer-luckey-explains-oculus-rift-cost-price-350/), in fact -- we'll find out how much in 18 hours.
Only if the developers have re/compiled them with a recent SDK. (The current public SDK is probably recent enough).
^(...and, optionally, reload it and use it to shoot other parts of the world...)
I took his meaning to be that they do have "awesome pre-order bonuses", but they won't use them to *lock people into* binding pre-orders with deposits. Edit: Wait, I misread the "no bonus pressure" bit. Now I'm uncertain.
1. Newer sets are much much better. 2. The latency and framerate issues you mention are the computer's fault, and would give anyone a bad experience.
I see there are things that could be taken that way, but then again, some things could almost as easily be taken to be making gentle fun of SJWs. For example, the game is filled with monsters who will kill you if you don't say the right things. ;) Seriously, though, most things in the game are presented with such good-natured humor that it seems to me to be difficult to take offense to them.
For reference, the subsidised price of CV1 (i.e. they make a loss on the sale, though I'm not sure exactly which costs are included) is confirmed to be higher than $350. At $400, the cost would be around $2,800,000, and that's not including shipping costs. Actual price revealed in three hours from now.
Not mentioned in the text but posted in [this image](http://imgur.com/jCz5Al0) : Oculus' reasoning here was that it is still functional enough to fulfil its intended purpose (allow development). I see how this is a problem for you, but with almost 200,000 dev kits in the wild and production having halted some time ago, they probably have to be pretty careful about replacements now or they'd be used up pretty fast. I can understand the frustration at being asked to run through an inappropriate troubleshooting process, but this is common to almost all big technical support teams.
Just worked for me now.
At the link it says "The hardware that powers your USB ports has known incompatibilities with Rift", so there's a possibility they've specifically tested with these USB controllers.
PSVR 120Hz, Vive 90Hz. Many or most PSVR games will run at 60fps and use "reprojection" (basically async TimeWarp) to upsample to 120Hz though.
I'm certainly happy with my contribution going towards the computer, but if anyone else does want a refund it seems reasonable to provide it given the unexpected change in circumstances. Some people who were expecting a different Rift price might now be finding *they* are the ones who can't afford it :).
If that was the case, the price of giving them all unexpected free headsets would have covered it.
"Roughly in the ballpark but higher" means "roughly in the ballpark but probably higher"?
This could have used an option for people who weren't planning to preorder in the first place. There's some percentage of users here who already intended to wait for Vive, for example, or to wait until both headsets are released and decide then.
Not me, though seeing the total after tax and postage ($599 + $50 + $132 = US$781) made the Scottish portion of my blood run cold.
[Not necessarily](https://forums.oculus.com/viewtopic.php?f=34&amp;t=28560&amp;hilit=usb#p314453).
Controllers I've seen people report as incompatible here and on the Oculus forums: - Etron USB 3.0 Extensible Host Controller - VIA USB 3.0 eXtensible Host Controller - 1.0 (Microsoft) - ASMedia USB 3.0 eXtensible Host Controller - ASMedia XHCI Controller - Renesas USB 3.0 eXtensible-Hostcontroller
I mean they announced yesterday that they're giving [every Kickstarter backer](https://www.twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/status/684395058070601728) (at the DK1 level) a free consumer headset with free postage as a surprise gift. Since CV1 is clearly more expensive to produce than DK1, this will cost more than the cost of every dev kit sold during the Kickstarter. If they were trying to recoup the losses from the Kickstarter, why would they (much) more than double their losses from the Kickstarter when there was no need or expectation for them to do so? Just not giving away those free headsets would have saved them US$4 million or so.
Me, though I admit the Scottish portion of my blood ran cold when I saw the USD$781 total :).
Pretty sure they're still produced in China. Where did you hear they weren't? It's possible there's somethhing I missed.
It's possible some part of production is now handled in the States, but I think it's probably more likely that someone was just mistaken. They talked about flying to the factories in China in the [Building the Rift](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wml-yZqnQ8U) talk at OC2.
Oops, [info from illuzian](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zqe3a/59999_is_not_in_the_same_ballpark_as_350/cyoquhn).
Finally, free of that dreadful, vulgar riffraff. ಠ_ರೃ Now we just need taste simulation for virtual cheese-tasting parties.
Most of the people guessing below 400 before the price was announced simply hadn't seen that quote. The average guess in the subreddit prior to pre-orders opening was about [$475](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zprrl/476_is_what_this_sub_collectively_think_the_price/). After the price was announced, some of the angrier users just started looking for any quote that might reflect negatively on Oculus, and some of them have very low standards. I agree that it would be crazy to read that interview and come away expecting the price would be anything below $400, but I also think it's fairly difficult to read it and come away expecting $600. I'm guessing some of the costs ended up higher than they were estimating at that time.
And I'd thought [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zmj4x/palmer_luckey_confirms_cv1_launch_price/) had simply been trying to rickroll us.
It'd be really interesting to see a cost breakdown on components, factory costs, storage and transport etc., but I guess we'll never see that both because of trade secrets and because it'd provide opportunity for people to find fault with every design decision.
Apparently they're going to add it to the order history page at some point, and the estimate will increase in granularity closer to shipping. Palmer also said people's estimates might move a bit as they removed a bunch of fraudulent orders.
That's actually something different. Due to the way traditional rendering works, rendering a large FOV to a flat image ends up rendering far more pixels around the edges than in the centre of the FOV. As the FOV increases the problem is multiplied. For VR, you want the opposite if anything, but ideally an even pixel density across the whole FOV. Anyway, to get enough detail in the centre they need to render to a much higher resolution and then sort of [squash the oversampled edges down into a circley shape](https://cms-images.idgesg.net/images/article/2015/05/nvidia-multi-resolution-shading-vr-warp-100588178-orig.png). There are various techniques people are working on or looking into to try to avoid or mitigate the problem. In some of their cases a major problem is that graphics cards simply aren't set up to accelerate that style of rendering. Nvidia has [Multi Res Shading](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2926083/nvidias-radical-multi-resolution-shading-tech-could-help-vr-reach-the-masses.html), where they basically render the centre of the view and the edges separately at different resolutions. There's a possibility of rendering several views and then sticking them together like a cubemap. Raytraced rendering solves the problem entirely but can't currently be done fast enough to be worthwhile.
GearVR tracks the orientation of your head (pitch/yaw/roll, or rotation and tilt basically). Let's say you're playing a game like [this](http://devpost.com/software/scorched-battalion) or Tactera, where you're sitting at a table with some model toys on top of it. With the Gear VR you can look all around. It'll even guess at how your neck is moving, which basically provides a small amount of "leaning" (which is pretty great in itself). With positional tracking, you can actually lean in close to the table and look at the toys close up, lean sideways to see around one of the miniature hills, or lean down to look underneath the table. If you try that in Gear VR, your virtual head will stay in the same position in the virtual world (which may also feel uncomfortable since it's not matching your real head movement). Being able to move or lean around is less useful in some types of games and experiences than others, though. For example, it'd be very useful for a game in which you had to lean (or step) out of the way to dodge bullets. When watching a movie in a virtual cinema, however, while it might help a bit with immersion there's no reason to move your head about anyway. Just turning your head is enough.
Ah, OK, that's what I thought but the "amount paid to transport goods" thing did sound like a problem. Thanks. In that case, it seems like it would be nice to have the option to just import directly from China at Chinese postage rates, but I guess there may be problems with that I'm not aware of.
He's saying that $50 is GST (with a $10 discount for some reason). Apparently the order page's source code appears to back this up.
That would be useful for the cheese-tasting party.
The link took me to a list of comics. Found it in there.
Someone [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zxkgl/psa_update_your_usb_3031_drivers_with_links/?) suggests updating the drivers.
