maybe its new uniform for pride. Reused again next year?
Ramona is like Jax to me. Fun person to be acquaintances with but difficult to be close with. If you get upset with what either of these people say or do to you, you cant get angry at anyone but yourself because they don't care or have shame.
You need the right combo
Don't forget [Mr.President](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/07/23/65/072365e9406d458d59988f13b04724c6.jpg)
I feel like she gets leeway because she of her prior fame.
I understand her motivations though. Like deep down your parents would know that you really had premarital sex, drank or did whatever they don't approve of. But we pretend we didn't to keep the parents happy. No point getting them upset about things they refuse to accept.
With a mum like hers I am not surprised. Hopefully its just fillers and other reversible things she can stop with no ill effects one day
Its cause they dont pay for the food.
Kandi would finish eating regardless
I am assuming it was season 3.
Outside this sub Porsha seems to be a fan favourite.
More visible than the Great Wall
Boris is definitely in all the seasons.
I hope someone uploads this episode fast.
that wwhl interview was a start.
Lmao does it mean Ken/Katie?
Yeah but no one is fighting for James to be on like they are with Kristen
True. But to them this is more like a work trip masquerading as a birthday trip. If one person can't go they lose out on camera time.
not working today :( I think they all come from the same source.
lmao possibly. Poor Lisa, having to keep cheques just for Jax
He seems out of his head in his interviews.
she should know better?
Tom 1 because he looked after James before James and Kristen hooked up
Lisa tries but does he ever listen?
I hope thats her real reason and is using Jax's place for cheap rent
Add Kim Field's kids in too.
no wonder it sounded familiar. Other reality stars have used it too. It's the new "editing" excuse.
really? I guess Faith is more age appropriate than his previous girlfriend
The movie was a quick 90mins so I decided to quickly dot down what got my attention: - Kenya's acting feels alright on its own but when she is playing off someone it seems bad - [Kenya's kissy face was bad](http://i.imgur.com/L68ePli.jpg) - The actor who plays Boris' younger self looks nothing like him and actually looks older than Boris. Boris should have just put on a wig and shaved his stubble. David Banner's younger self looked more credible. - David Banner loves drawing booty in prison(I have to say his full name for some reason) - asking someone to check their bath water to get them to leave is the weirdest thing I have ever heard - Kenya and Boris live in a very ugly and tacky house - Totally not creepy that David Banner is looking at Kenya in the bathtub - Housekeeper speaks in English and then suddenly *"Me no speak English!"* wtf - TIL going to prison turns you gay - David Banner is one nosy houseguest and really wants to mess Boris' life for payback - Omg he is a monster! Just walking through the glass door to get that bossy housekeeper! - David Banner close your door when you are entertaining strippers! - Yeah David Banner's lady friend rub it into Kenya's face that she can't have children and can't cook - Nice close up of lady friend's tramp stamp at the breakfast table - Took almost an hour before Bai Ling got on the screen! - She is not disappointing! Her crazy orange outfit to her money belt - David Banner's lady friend really loves showing off her boobs whenever Kenya's around - I can't tell who is worse actor. Kenya or David Banner - I like how they had the cards catch on fire in the middle of the table to represent Boris losing - threesome with Kenya! - did Bai Ling forget how much money he owes her? - these gangsters don't seem to understand street value - [Kenya's totally uncomfortable sex face](http://i.imgur.com/eYKP07W.jpg) - lol the way Boris yelled "DEAD" was almost Arnie like - whats with these weird special effect sequences as metaphors - bye David Banner!
lol it wasn't LVP it was Dorinda! But LVP definitely embodies that
easily if Katie doesn't wear a crop top wedding dress
I am assuming its one of the two homes she got through the divorce?
It's a 90min movie so I'd say go for it, you might notice things that I didn't in my dot points. It's not The Room but it's not boring.
Omg that really annoyed me. I hate this cultural appropriation nonsense. My family is from South-East Asia and we don't get these people telling us how sacred henna and bindis are.
Shake that!
maybe they can get into it through you!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I would do if I didn't have to carry the things myself
Yeah. I think it feels slow because we are watching it week to week instead of a binge.
No wonder David hates reality tv. He wants it but he doesn't know how to act in front of the cameras.
what kind?
lol thats the best reasoning I have ever heard. I hope they do fat transfers to your boobs.
Single white female
I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and I think production told the others they would let Lisa know and then didn't to create drama
if she new boobs in private why would put it on tv?
* It took me a while to realise Stassi was right because her instant dislike of Scheana and her attempts to ostracise her really put me off. We haven't seen anything about Scheana at that point to understand Stassi's dislike other than her history as a mistress. * I grew to like Stassi for the first 2 seasons. 3rd season she was the worst. * Wasn't Ariana's brother with the guys at the Miami trip? Why would he lie? *
With this group Vegas is a dangerzone. At this moment the worst we know they have done is get ill advised tattoos.
Gotta keep up the illusion of being broke waitress. I swear either Scheana or Ariana have said that they are lawyer rich from VPR
I guess this baby's name won't be Kash
don't forget to stop at the Polo Lounge
Is Nicky the only semi normal one?
idk some celebrities like to confuse things by repeatedly putting their ring on and off
I wonder what Nene's chyron will say. Cynthia's friend?
What will it take for everyone to stop talking?
I hope Kathryn does too. There has to be a reason why becomes full time instead of being kept as a friend.
If Dorinda has a partnership with them featured on RHONY I would die. It's miles better than Jill's thing with Kodak.
omg the new gigi controversy?
I think its because we are so used to seeing these women's faces. A normal person who never touched things like this would have more expressive faces and can actually frown.
According to the bakery's website &gt;At Sweet Lady Jane we break our own eggs, peel our own apples, roll our own pastry, and squeeze our own lemons. We use only the finest imported chocolate, the freshest butter and cream, the highest quality in-season fruit, no mixes (as many bakeries do), and **no preservatives.**
thats a thinker of a comparison
Made me think of this [classic video about the DM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFfWykH05Gw)
Atlanta is the perfect franchise for people who complain on the BH threads every week that its too slow and there is no drama. There is real and manufactured drama on the show every week. I feel like this tally needs to be taken out before every episode of RHOA as a refresher
Pretty much I guess, otherwise this sub would be a much quieter place.
I think that event invited so many on the D list. Jill was there.
So true. Eddie barely seems to care and is just around as arm candy.
She seems like a very private person who is being thrust into talking about personal matters on national tv. How she treated Kenya wasn't right but was this the only way to get her to talk to Kenya?
Easily if they ever get on a professional shoot and they get styled.
I would have been fooled too if I hadn't watch Alex's recap videos before I saw a single episode of RHONY. It was interesting watching it that way.
The stress of the economy at the time and losing his job definitely didn't help either but I never thought about Alexis' possible impact.
So he is just doing an updated print version of the Fame Whorgas blog. Sadly none of the drama he and new cast members concocted was good as the stuff that happened between seasons 1-4.
If Cynthia didn't have the urge to bounce from relationships before she met Peter, she could have still been with him!!
I hope its with a montage of Porsha's bratty moments.
She really shouldn't be jealous of the kind of attention Porsha gets.
ikr It sucks there is only one source for the livestream.
With the way things are between Kandi and Phaedra I thought it would make more sense if Shamea or Demetria planned her baby shower.
Add her to the list too or even Don Juan.
Its crazy how stunted Porsha is.
your own family stole from you?!
The show may say its holiday for Jax and Tom's birthdays but it's a work trip in reality so I can see why he expects to be invited.
I chuckled at MJ's flashback!
They are doing a RHONY with 8 housewives.
Yeah when Kandi gets mad it's always deserved. With her family she has a high tolerance level and she doesn't drink either.
There seems to be no sign of Kim either. What has she done to deserve the peach?
I definitely see your side. If Kenya just treated her mother as someone who rescinded her rights as a parent. Her grandma pretty much adopted Kenya as her daughter.
Will we get a discussion thread going so we can watch at the same time?
He probably got a pity invite to the group activities through Max.
but then I saw there was someone called Ron Jr who was labelled Kenya's brother. I guess Caleb might be Ron Jrs son.
Idk why Scheana and Katie are so desperate to include her into the group.
Lmao I like how Tre took that as an insult. The bakeries inside my local supermarket are just as good as the chain bakeries we have here.
only in parking lots.
Or it's just not worth a costly lawsuit or don't want to cause the Streisand effect. Interest in what Jim has to say is dwindling away fast.
* The restaurants are big tourist spots thanks to the shows. * The trips the cast members take are fully planned and Lisa acting exasperated at them asking for time off is an act. * When the show isn't filming only one cast member works a token shift at a time as a tourist attraction.
Good on you! Changing your eating habits for the long run seems way more daunting to me than exercise.
So Tom and Ariana are going to be further ostracised from the group?
I knew it. It makes sense since that style of dress is more fashionable now.
James drinking = waterfalling fireball whiskey
Stassi's drug of choice was Adderall
They had blackout sex at that point?
That's true.
LVP sangria and Sav-B are like the show's drink
That's why. We watch this man not wash his hands and make our drinks!!!
That pool needs to be sanitised!
Which is the right thing to do but their friends are forcing them to interact a bit too soon imo
Scheana is the biggest hypocrite there is.
It really does since she flinches all the time in disgust when he goes for it.
never has been any other reasons for the entire group to hang out other than vacations and birthdays.
I have read a couple of articles from this source about Housewives and they seem a bit delusional. I can't put a finger on what exactly makes me feel that way.
I wonder how they afforded it or its just a photo op
they should have him on the line any time a VPR cast member is on.
So am I. The villan look really suits Max
yes! That was such a gross comment! I think when a girl is really a girls girl they don't have to announce it
and the supplement industry is so unregulated, who knows what's exactly in them.
I guess it was assumed to be the latin HW franchise because Bravo likes to market different franchises in neat packages. * Other than Kim Z there never has been another white cast member on RHOA. * Jersey is all Italians. * DC and Miami are the only casts that tried having a diverse cast.
its working?
Andy's trademark hi's like he does at the reunions
I don't think we will get anything totally juicy from Andy until he retires or leaves Bravo. He can't give away work secrets or openly bitch about a HW just yet.
It so damn hot today, I wish I can go to the pool
I think the worst is Kyle.
Kyle can go but I'm never tried of Lisa talking about her pets.
He only loves himself!
So random. Didn't think there would be KKB reference tonight
She probably did her "I'm up here and you're down there..." speech to Lisa
You can make a career debunking whatever Yo and Shannon endorse.
maybe they are in the HW context but they are not so different to what mainstream artists release today
I think that's good thing. Overhype can kill the show if it doesn't automatically deliver. Some people here really hate the slow burn drama and want ATL style fights every episode.
Made me think of doing a roast for this sub with a twist. Instead of a traditional roast, people would describe you like Lisar.
yes!
Stassi and Kristen are now the outsiders of the SUR group.
kind of dramatic when you compare it with that picture of her modelling with David from season 3
Ita about Teresa
could explain why her show was cancelled. He may not control programming anymore but he must have a lot of influence
I see it as payback for all the times Kyle imitated Lisa
Yeah someone was worried that it would attract trolls but I think this sub is well behaved.
true unless she learnt new skills from her bff The Devil aka Kris Jenner
It's not the first time I have seen an American think Aussie-style burgers are weird. Coriander in a burger doesn't sound too crazy. That's true about the meat. All they have is skewers of emu and roo.
After seeing some posts from fatlogic I can see that. The place where she got her surgery looks like an upscale spa and its called Feng Fitness. Not a very reassuring name for a top surgery clinic.
you never know canned beets can become the next hot ingredient. Kale used to be animal feed and decoration for salad bars.
She must be one of the youngest HWs ever
So true. There are so many artists who are not in the mainstream but are making bank in their niche. Artists today make their money through merchandise and live gigs
As an actual Melburnian, I say they do a pretty good job. Its the closest I have ever heard Americans do a normal aussie accent.
She looks to be the quiet one. Gizelle and Katie seem to be the biggest sources of drama based on the women talking each other.
Couldnt think they can outshine their normal levels of grossness as they are doing in that photo
I watch it to follow their jokes and participate in this sub. The discussion posts are hilarious
[I can't tell if OP wants to be the new Gigi or not. ](http://45.media.tumblr.com/a1721556559fad75a5a358494a9c56af/tumblr_nxks1fvuIb1ql5yr7o1_500.gif)
Really shows how much make up they all wear.
I have no idea what Charisse was saying
They are black
its funny what Alison was saying applied more to Camille than Kyle. By that time she was so drunk she was spewing shit.
I actually liked the emphasis on family life. I felt sorry for Luann's kids. They begged for her attention but she rather hang out with her niece and act young.
I liked that they found this good balance between the women interacting with family and each other. Im a fan of Silex because Simon is Australian and found Alex's awkwardness relatable. Its funny how his (and Bruce from RHOMelbourne) metrosexual ways confused people. They tried to front but couldn't which was funny.
has it been copy edited at least?
This Youtuber is so up his own ass he will never hire a ghostwriter and he gets his fans to give it 5 star reviews,attack people who leave proper critiques and accuses them of judging before reading.
Don't they normally do that due to lack of resources so they end up going back to their old habits? Teresa has no excuse in that regard, she has her extended family and Bravo supporting her.
I think its from the guest house.
The fact this book opens with her own birth and the overall quality of the book reminds me of Alan Partridge's autobiography. At least that one was bad intentionally.
I know she was complicit in her husband's crimes but do you think she knows enough to commit these crimes by herself?
Isn't she 35?
I have only seen from season 4. I think Tamra and Vicki viewed Gretchen as a threat. Ever since Slade called Vicki, Ms Piggy her face has been morphing into a plastic older version of Gretchen's. Bravo changes with what will bring the bigger ratings. People always complain when the housewives go on about their regular lives on camera, saying its boring and there is no drama.
Praying I can watch both on livestream tonight
A classy D.C. that doesn't have any Salahi's imo
They were great TV but awful people.
Most likely. But whenever he speaks out to the media its always feels like a slam against Phaedra
she bought her lawyer daughter as backup
this season's greatest injustice
like the ski trip?
What? I am so confused how Kenya's family drama has anything in common with Nene
Lol requiring loans to afford hair extensions is a bit naff
seems very metrosexual
Maybe lower your expectations to a NY or NJ standard
yeah I couldn't believe I found the Lala and James episode under Graham Norton
YES!
The laneways are not these women hangouts. Neither is the arty side unless Gamble goes back to work in Melbourne as an art consultant If there was a Hills or Made in Chelsea style show set here they would definitely hang out in those kinds of places.
Charisse and Karen are operating on normal people rules. They need to loosen up. Gizelle hasn't wasted any time acting like a seasoned reality star
Isn't it like super early morning over there? I am guessing people on reddit will relate more to VPR than RHOBH
She seems to love teasing attached guys
Scheana's on the top of this sub gives me fright. It looks nothing like her
Considering that she had to get black out drunk to have sex maybe not
so we can't blame Jax for them anymore?
I agree. Just once and never again for me.
They are still together so maybe not. Jax has the excuses down to a science.
I hope she an agenda for putting up with Jax. He has his excuses down pat, he always blames editing for his behaviour. He did it a lot in his AMA
closet organising is a fulltime job!
she and Nene reconciled but doesn't seem like a real friendship like it used to be
Between his toilet scene last week and this episode I think he forgot
In reality tv 20 years = old money
Nope still married but her book did get trashed in the media.
I like Max and Faith being the quiet young ones on the show.
they may play broke on tv but they do have money unless they are spending recklessly. Even though Shay isn't a full cast member he and Scheana can broker a deal where he gets discount for publicity
So true. It still seems a bit stupid that Karen and Charisse are lording over Gizelle when she belonged to Potomac society from birth and they had to marry rich husbands to get in.
Apart from her rude comments about etiquette she doesn't seem to show off any other personality traits
Don't think he is aware of the cameras anymore.
The show wasn't that interesting, it was only watchable thanks to the WWC podcast
That's stupid. If no one was talking about reality shows no one would know about her music
They all like Faith so she is always excused.
Wish my mother was like that. She would allow guests to always go on a tour through our house which isn't that interesting. One lady insisted on looking at my bedroom for a while until I told her look at the guest room and imagine it was green.
I was looking for it when I rewatched the episode. I see the resemblance but its not what I expected
I have low hopes that it will shock me.
It's better than the other other one's skills
its just flashing youtube logo :(
It seems to be a series of high and low points in the sisters' relationship with no obvious catalyst imo. Kyle outting her sister was a low and so was Brandi's involvement in their rift
