Uh well maybe it was cold and he was trying to keep warm? I don't see how keys in the ignition are a guarantee that this guy was driving.
I have those same boxers. They are Christmas themed superman underwear
Yeah I was kinda being sarcastic anyways. Because mapporn always has the most ridiculous random maps so this kind of thing would fit in
I live in North Dakota I see about 1 Chinese person per year. I don't actually believe that Chinese people shit on the ground I was just going along with the shit I always hear on reddit haha. Come to think of it I've seen 4 people shitting outside and they've all been white
Ahem I masturbate to my globe every single day and my racial tolerance has never been higher. So you don't know what you're talking about
Wow reddit sucks. JLo uses her fame to endorse a charity and all you people care about is the fact that she isn't dressed like mother Theresa. I'm willing to bet JLo has donated more to charity than everybody in this thread combined. But no fuck her because she has some rings.
Yeah, that's why he thought it was GTA.........
Cool!!
Why would this petition affect them at all? Are the guys who made bloodborne gonna be like "ok guys we can make $50 billion dollars from PC but all these sweaty guys just signed this thing telling us not too. *sigh* guess we won't get that money"
God and every single comment was the same. "Omg this AMA is the best!!1!"
It's actually 2 four year olds standing on top of one another in an 8 year old body suit
To be fair some people do eat dogs. And some people keep pigs as pets. I don't get the argument you're making. Obviously people are not going to stop eating beef. Would you rather cows be treated like shit before we eat them or would you rather they get to enjoy the time they have alive?
Ok so his mom then
Ok
I do refuse to admit it's wrong. Because I don't think it's wrong. There's no argument to be had here because neither of us are changing our mind. You value an animals life just as much as a humans life and I don't. End of discussion
Maybe if you had a parent who wasn't there for things like that it would be easier to sympathize
Ah it's always the dumbest shit that makes me laugh the most
Montana?
Yeah they used to deliver by mail. I mean they still do, but they used to as well.
Idk what I just did but that was really hard for my brain to do
Neat! Ah ok give me 10-15 min I've never won this before
Yeah but what does the second part even have to do with the first part? The more proper way would be: Yeah alcoholism and drugs are bad, But maybe if you're can't quit drugs and alcohol you're better off dead anyways. Or something like that. Yours is just kind of confusing and doesn't really mean anything
7 faces 2 loudspeakers
Haha no I was just taking a shot in the dark... Was I close at least?
seating sections of a church?
Yeah those are interesting stats but.... It's Star Wars. You could release it any day of the year and I'm fairly certain it will smash every movie record there is. Has there ever been a movie with more hype and excitement surrounding it than Star Wars?
People don't just come on the Internet and lie about things man
First of all, how **DARE** yo u
I don't think that's the problem because some of them that aren't playing come from /r/perfectloops and they are definitely meant to replay.
I'll try n find one quick
I was surprised I made it this far before I saw some douche make fun of your beer choice
I had my phone all the way up and I had to hold the speaker up to my ear to hear what he said. He spoke clearly but the mic wasn't close enough to him
I would help my best friend torture them to death and then eat them alive
Does anybody have the original of this? Can't seem to find it
It's been years since I played so I could be wrong but I swear you could do an impossible in at least one of them
He's literally unable to even
2015 baby memes are HQ shit now
I call bs I bet you've never been to Walmart. Because they wouldn't point, they would look in the direction of the games, grunt and fart then walk away slowly
Tomato tomato
Hey shut your mouth we are hating on airlines here
Why are people from Cleveland fans of the Giants? That makes no sense to me Edit: or were you referring to the Warriors fans?
Yeah last I heard voat was down. Might be back up now. But I could care less if the CEO is a nazi, I just want to be able to get all my news in one place and be able to have discussions about it. Which reddit still is, so I'll be here till that changes
Is that the guy who plays Steve the pirate? Cuz that's who I thought of
sometimes at my Walmart I can find a cart that has all 4 wheels
You were still in school towards the end of June? That must have been rough, I was always done with class late May or early June
She's in greys anatomy
Ah I remember the early days in like 6th grade when I would finish and immediately apologize to God because I felt like such a pile of crap with no self control. Then I would jerkoff again 20 minutes later and repeat the process.
Are they supposed to open every box and check every bag of fruit snacks? It is the fault of the warehouse or whomever sent the fruit snacks to Walmart. As others have said, it is walmarts brand so yeah they are at fault in the end but it isn't necessarily the fault of the particular store that sold the snacks
That's classic marketing. They don't give a fuck about existing customers it's all about making new ones
Anybody got a mirror?
That's true I bought this account for $80. Btw make sure you use Tide© Detergent to keep your clothes fresh!
I clicked it and forgot what country it was, I assumed it was China and they just had some translation issues... Smh England I'm disappointed
Has support for the confederacy ever gone up since the civil war? I mean wouldn't support be lower every day basically? Or are the confederates still out there recruiting folk
Or put super glue on it with a string attached and wait for it harden. Then as a bonus you now have a string on your phone to play with when you get bored
Haha umm.. All I asked was whether support for the confederacy has gone up... But I'm sorry those mean northern bullies made you feel bad
Cmon man, that's so politically incorrect. We call them 'Chinamen' now
No offense guys but this sub is becoming a bit of a circlejerk
One time I was playing hockey with my older brothers friends and one of his friends was being really rough with me and trying to start stuff. Eventually he slammed me into the boards and hurt me pretty bad. While I was still laying on the ice my older brother held his face to the ground by me until He apologized then he made him help me up. That is one of many stories I have of my brother protecting me, I'm sorry your older siblings weren't the same way.
Haha people from places other than Canada play hockey.. And if we were Canadian none of this would have happened. I would have been knocked down by accident, and his friend would have bought me pancakes to apologize. But you were close, I'm from northern Minnesota haha so basically Canada
Best I can do is $1.25
Fun fact: the lint I picked out of my belly button this morning is more valuable than Zimbabwean currency
He has insurance he doesn't need a helmet because they will just replace his head with a new one
Do people around here prefer crunchy to smooth peanut butter? I used to prefer crunchy, that all changed when I found my first dead bug in it
I don't use tinder but all my friends are pretty easily able to find girls whenever they want on there. Heard a story from a friend who met up with a girl at 8 am to hook up, got a back massage afterwards and was gone by 9. Idk it can't be too hard
My mind says no... But my boner says yes
Christ I would really like to see your top 10 if Kobe isn't in it. I'm no expert on players from before the 80s but I don't see how you can possibly leave Kobe out of the top 5. Edit: I appreciate all the feedback, I would agree now he might not be top 5 but I still believe he definitely deserves top 10
I don't want to be the one to make an argument for him because I don't know all the stats off the top of my my head but I would really like to hear the argument where he isn't even top 10. I won't deny that there is a strong circlejerk for him but I seriously can't think of 10 players better than him. I'm interested in hearing your opinion though
There is an argument there, but I would put him ahead of Larry Bird for sure. Also I'm surprised you left out Wilt. It's hard to compare players from the NBA now and players from the 60s. Because Russell's career stats were bonkers but I really don't think he would have been nearly as dominant in today's NBA, at least not nearly as dominant as Kobe has been for 15 years or so
2spooky4me
Hard to take that list seriously when they have Tim Duncan as the #6 best player of all time. People seem to be forgetting how God damn amazing Kobe was in his prime. He has an 81 point game, five 60 point games, and like twenty 50 point games. Kobe used to play like Lebron in the playoffs this year, but every game all the time. Whoever made that list must have forgotten to consider Kobe because it doesn't make sense that he's not on there if Lebron, Duncan, Bird, and Shaq on there. Kobe misses one year and everybody forgets who he is I swear.
Why do people think Tim Duncan is better than Kobe Bryant? I really don't get it. They're both amazing players but seriously Kobe in his prime is way better than Tim Duncan in his prime. I remember watching Kobe play back in the day and being mesmerized at how amazing he was. Nobody compared to him until Lebron nowadays. Maybe I'm just not giving Duncan enough credit though. To be honest I rarely ever watch the Spurs play so I really shouldn't be talking, but it just is crazy to me that people say Duncan &gt; Kobe. Edit : and when I say nobody compared, I meant people that came after him, not before
Do ER docs do a lot of butt stuff with each other?
That's just how things always go. Just like how black people use phrases and words then whites people start saying them and the black people have to make up new words until we steal those too
It's weird to think that 9/11 is the greatest tragedy a lot of Americans will deal with in their lifetimes, and the amount of deaths on that day are crazy to us, but back during WW2 these kind of tragedies were happening every single day, with like 100x more deaths. It's such a cliche thing to say but it really helps me put things into perspective and be happy with my life.
Yeah that's not how the story goes, I don't think saving some olives would be able to save a failing airline... But it is true that some airline saved like 300 grand in a year or something by taking out one olive. I see it posted on reddit all the time
/u/trollabot LiiDo
Is this a line in The Cable Guy? Why did this make me think of that movie
Lol yeah i doubt your average prostitute is going to be half as good looking as the girls he is with
Does the average /r/cars browser not drive an old Datsun? Huh, news to me. Edit: apparently the average r/cars user has trouble sensing sarcasm as well.....
That would be great to hide an SD card in a coin with some really intense message about nuking China or something, and when people found it it would open up a whole can of worms and conspiracies, even though it was all bs
Haha I imagine the person who masturbates to that stuff has a lot of degrees, and is very, very boring. And probably doesn't even get all the way naked, just pulls his dick through his zipper hole and leaves his shirt tucked in
The highest point in North Dakota is about 4 feet and the lowest point is about 3.5 feet.
Why don't you just shut your damn mouth you little shit....
Hahahaha oh man I just imagine some 70 year old flying in circles, titties flying everywhere and loose skin all over the place. But I would say your grandmas tits are saggy because she is a grandma. Also why is your grandma talking to you about why her tits are so saggy?
Living up to the name. Perfect
I wish I remembered what it was like to not know how to swim. Because I feel like it's so simple that I would be able to figure it out pretty quick if I were in a situation like this. It really confuses me that people can't swim but I don't remember what it's like to not be able to so I have no idea how that feels
Yeah I deleted it like 6 months ago
People are so shallow amirite
Original post: https://www.np.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingDerps/comments/3ztkxx/our_siberian_husky_found_a_hole/
I'm not really sure the point you're making. So are you saying the people doing these crimes didn't do them in their home country, but they do it here because they don't agree with our rules? Idk I guess your comment confused me
All video game subs are pretty negative in general with the exception of a few but to be honest this sub is definitely the most negative of all the gaming subs I follow. For the last few months this place has been nothing but bitching about the new diamond cards that come out. I get that myteam is popular but as somebody who doesn't play myteam it gets really annoying seeing nothing but posts complaining about it here.
I just put the business as my first name so I'll get a pen with my name on it. It also requires me to put an address and I just put one of these: • , and it let me do that
&gt;if the bison win &gt;if
Lol I don't think being a drug lord is something you can just choose to walk away from peacefully whenever you want
Lol good luck getting the winner to give all his money to strangers on Reddit
Am I the only one around here who thinks weed is better than alcohol?
I think the chances of somebody picking the exact same numbers as you did are about the same as winning the lottery
Every time I see this I read through the whole thing it and makes me want to shoot myself
Yeah I know but I'm saying the chances of 2 people here having the same exact numbers are incredibly low. Like crazy low. So I don't think it's necessary to post your numbers because there is basically no way 2 people will even have the same number. Unless you expect millions of people to post their numbers. Even then I bet the chances are slim that 2 are the same
Haha yeah because it takes so long to turn airplane mode off huh?
Found the North Dakotan
I snorted
43 . 317-360=43
Yes
Still don't have to worry about every dick only like 5% of dicks
That is a very good question
Is that an el Monterey burrito? I have eaten those every day for like 3 years, favorite food ever. The prime way to cook it is microwave it for 50 seconds, flip it over, microwave that side for 22 seconds. By then the burrito should be bursting a little in the middle so you fill it with shredded cheese and cover the top with cheese as well and microwave it another 30 seconds. Then you add taco sauce and sour cream to that bitch and destroy it
Beef n bean? Those are my shit
Haha yeah ok I exaggerated a bit I probably eat 1 or 2 a week I just wanted more credibility among the burrito community :/
The Spanish translation is picante picante, just in case there are any Mexicans reading this
you say in all fairness as if terry did something bad by looking for his name
I expected there to be a funny ending but it just sort of ended unfunnily
Each K&amp;N sticker adds 10 HP as well
Solution: pay all college students 6 figure salaries. Problem solved
I think some leg scrapes will be the least of their worries without helmets
No way you know the Clintons too?? Seems like everybody here does thought I was the only one
"Is that guy our running back?" "No that's the executive vice assistant manager of water bottle filling and emptying."
Haha all I had to see was that his nickname was Dr. Steelhammer, didn't need to know more
Still would have had to load the tweets from then. It only shows a certain amount at once. Bet it still took forever to get all the way back to 09
They were heated before it snowed, the snow melted as it landed on them
I know but I'm saying you can't search for a tweet unless you have scrolled far enough down to show it on screen. Like it shows 100 tweets at a time or something so you would have to keep scrolling through the tweets until you got to 2009. You can't just hit ctrl+F and search all the tweets. You have to load them first
The search bar to search for users? Yeah I guess I didn't know you could search tweets with that now. My bad
I wasn't aware you could search tweets with the search bar I thought that was just for searching users. Whoops
The paragraph at the end implies that it is only illegal on the subway. It says it's legal on facilities just not on the train. So I assume it's also technically legal on tables in a park
I might be wrong but I feel like I read somewhere that your dreams actually occur right before you wake up. So like right before you wake up your brain puts the dream together and you wake up when it 'ends'. I feel like I did a really bad job of explaining that but if anybody could find an article about it that would be nice. I'm pretty sure I saw it on Reddit
Yeah that ice is probably like 2 feet thick. No problem
Isn't a hypocrite somebody who judges somebody for something that they themselves also do? How does that make that guy a hypocrite? Just wondering not trying to be a dick
As a mobile user I appreciate OP uploading it though imgur. Suppose he could have credited them in the comments too
That was neat. Also infographics like this about the ocean creep me out
"Now what?"
The tech school I go to costs about $2500 per semester and that is like dirt cheap compared to anywhere else. No idea where this guy went to school
That Pistons team was one of my favorites of all time. Such a rugged team they always seemed so badass to me, like they were the bad guys. And Always loved Chauncey Billups and I tried imitating his shot when I played. Always use his animation in 2K too
Because that person is a monster that's why
Don't forget Rip! Loved that guy and his facemask. I wasn't even aware the Spurs and Pistons had a rivalry though.
Wow I totally forgot Larry Brown was the coach that year. What a legendary team
I may be a bit biased as a Vikings fan but I've always thought we have some of the best uniforms in the NFL
I love everything about the bucs new uniforms except for the ugly ass alarm clock style numbers they use
Had to google the throwback jerseys to see them, when is the last time they wore those? Feel like I've only seen them like once. I like those way more than their regular uniforms
Well in this case the period is just tiny so it's hard to click it without hitting another part of the screen. However mine shows up like this: http://i.imgur.com/YVB0LHA.jpg So it must be a problem for people that don't use alien blue only because I have no problem clicking it
Lol I think if you can afford a hydraulic system to play video games with I don't think paying bills is an issue
Jesus Christ that's some wild speculation. "Well he's black so must be poor, and since he's black and poor obviously he would have told people he won so basically he should have expected to get murdered. What an idiot"
Still lucky
I have no idea what people blowing through red lights and almost hitting you has to do with weed. Are you saying they were high?
I don't see anything wrong with the criticism. In the past, if any dirt was dug up on a nominee like there has been for Hillary, that candidate would have been blacklisted immediately and basically had no chance of winning. Anybody trying to be president should be ready to get destroyed by the media and have their life scrutinized and examined. It's crazy that all this stuff has come out about her and she's still the top candidate and people just seem to brush all the controversy off as no big deal
Yeah I do. Has she really gotten that much criticism outside of Reddit? Seems to me this is the main place where people hate on her. The msm is pretty good to her. And hasn't most of the criticism towards her been basically about the emails she deleted and the fact that she gets a lot of money from corporations? I don't see anything wrong with her getting criticized for those things.
&gt;NFL all time receiving leader, beating out the GOAT. 1,964yds I don't get what this means? Are you saying he is the all time leader in yards?
Ah gotcha. Yeah his stats aren't really as crazy as some hall of famers but the fact that he did all he's done after only 9 years in the league is crazy
Did you have a seizure when you were typing the end of that sentence?
Got Vegas 2! Much thanks OP!
Moorhead represent
This is the top comment on literally every single post when a celebrity gives money to flint.
What? I'm not quite sure what you're trying to say.
Yeah I wasn't saying that is literally taught in economics 101 I was just making a joke...
Must be Obama posting comments from our accounts again trying to take our karma away
That makes no sense. So since somebody donated money, and then a user posted a link about the government giving federal funds to state in the comments, that in turn means the government claims it is donating money? Seems like a wild assumption to me. And once again, tax money isn't forcibly taken. You need to do a little research on taxes and what tax money is used for. Not going to respond to this anymore as obviously we are not understanding each other
Is this the new thing now? Reversing every gif that gets posted
What do you mean? There's a short wall on the outside. The only way to lose a board would be to launch it off the vert
I have literally no idea what this has to do with minions but ok
&gt;objectionally I think you mean objectively
I don't think anybody said this was supposed to look like it did when they were new
I'm a rising star in 2s/3s, defense is my strong suit but I have no problem offensively either. I'd be happy to play a defensive role if we ran 2s, I'll add you later today. Think we would get along just fine. I don't have any clips to post but if you check my Xbox feed i got all sorts of good stuff
So do you have to play a lot of h2h games to do this? Or how does it work? Sim games? Just looking for a little more info bout the league
I'll take Cowboys
Only the second video here I've refused to watch, Idk I watch some fucked up stuff but damage to the eyes is not something I like to see. Just grosses me the fuck out
What, you don't like blurry, crooked pictures of tv screens?
I recently bought the official rechargeable battery pack because I prefer to just plug it in rather than switch batteries, but I used an energizer charger and the same 8 batteries for like 5 years and they worked great up until the end when they all wouldn't hold a charge anymore, but that was after 5 years heavy use so I was pretty satisfied
Im pretty sure you can use X12s with an adaptor. Couldn't tell you how but my brother did it for a while and he's 12 so I'm sure it's not too hard to figure out
You can get game volume but I think it has to be adjusted in the settings, you can't do it with the controller buttons
Ah I see, thanks
You go into the settings on your Xbox, not sure what section but there is a section for game chat and you change it there
Lights can work just as well as roundabouts, it all depends on whether the drivers know how to handle each. My town had a huge plan to replace 75% of traffic lights with roundabouts and ended up scrapping it after a while because people had so much trouble understanding how to properly use a roundabout. When roundabouts are used properly it can be a beautiful thing, but if not it's just an absolute shit show.
This happens in like 98% of all action movies, one character has a chance to kill another and he doesn't and it comes back to bite him later. Don't think this should really be called a pothole, it happens all the time
Also 2002 raiders. Weird that the 2 teams with pirate names dominated for 1 year then completely turned to shit
As a Minnesota sports fan experiencing bandwagon fans for the first time ever, I would appreciate if y'all would leave us alone and let us lose in the cold. If the wolves get good, it'll be great, but until then I'm sick of hearing how scary we will be. Been a sports fan here long enough to know that I can't get excited whatsoever until the final buzzer of the final game.
Shut up, when the nuclear war comes, we will tell the government how to react since we have already discussed it
Maybe cigs were different in the 90s but my uncle died after he fell asleep with a lit one in his hand and it ended up burning his house down. I believe they assumed it fell out of his hand and started the carpet on fire and he died from smoke inhalation
On X1 that works, I switched from physical to digital on a few games recently and there was no problem. I'll assume it's the same with PS
Lolz talking about things that aren't NBA in the NBA sub, we are so random amirite guys? Edit: am I the only one who thinks the Wolves are gonna be scary in the next 5 years?
I usually love when songs do this but a lot of the time I listen to music with 1 ear bud in at work and it drives me crazy
100 foot toll bridge in my town took a solid 10 years to be fully paid off, and it was used by hundreds of people a day. pretty sure a bridge for this situation would cost an insane amount and the 9 people who would use it wouldn't even get close to paying it off with tolls
A motorcycle doesn't cost nearly as much as most cars, they get great gas mileage, they're easy to store, they're easier to maneuver through traffic. There's plenty of reasons why somebody would want a motorcycle. Yeah there's risk driving any vehicle but if we are going to ban everything that can hurt people, then we got a whole lot more than motorcycles to worry about.
definitely did it to rep NDSU
Yeah and I'm pretty sure server problems and lag are still a somewhat common issue around here... Don't get me wrong RL is the greatest game ever but sometimes the circlejerk gets too intense
Seems to me EB games is using it right then? Like, 'oh my god so many deals what do I do?'
Hahaha reminded of the Dane Cook bit where he's talking about weird shit you think during sex, "my dick feels like corn"
Are the mods saying he's lying? Who just goes on the Internet and tells lies?
There was only one comment saying that type of thing and it was downvoted to the bottom. Not sure what you're seeing. Both comment sections are basically the same
TIL Shaquille O'neal used to play basketball
The second the Wolves start winning the haters will come out of the mist
Lmao yeah I'm sure that'll help
So anybody who is a fan of a non winning team can't say anything about the teams better than them? K
If it were any other topic besides ISPs and the FCC I would agree with you. They literally do not give a fuck about their customers' problems
Haha this is one of my favorite lines from the show. Really caught me off guard the first time. Also love when he shoves Ricky against a trailer
Yeah he better hurry or 120,000 other people might downvote it and ruin his karma
I'm 87 and where the fuck am I
Lmao yet [this](https://m.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4nxee3/roommate_tells_me_he_cant_find_my_package_call/?utm_source=mweb_redirect&amp;amp;amp;compact=true) is one of the top posts over there. r/funny is literally the least funny sub on reddit
Everybody on this sub remembers the last 2 games they watched and nothing more. Actually I'm almost certain a lot of the commenters here don't even watch the games so they basically remember the box score of the last 2 games
I recently plummeted from rising star div 3 to challenger elite div 3 and been waiting to find some good teammates to try and get back up. I'm rising star in 3s as well and I'm on most days. I'll add you when I get home if you wanna play
I've yet to see anybody calling Ichiro the hits King, only people freaking out saying he isn't
Asics aren't Walmart shoes
