Which part and why if you don't mind? Sounds like you're smiling because of a decline in the numbers of American Catholics, the comment you replied to. Is that a correct assessment or is it something else? I just want to be clear.
I appreciate your response. It sounds like what I would come up with thinking about it on my own, I just need to be careful I don't agree with you because of my own bias on the subject. I suspect others with similar views, and hopefully an opposing viewpoint, will add to your response. Have a good evening bud.
That's good to know. Thanks for the feedback. Would you say it's the same across all grades or is there a diffence in later grades as the focus shifts toward higher education? Does that degree of hands on maintain at the middle/high school levels?
Tunnel Snakes Rule!
Well, looks like both he and his character failed their save throws.
Murderers get +3 to all saves. You know, for posterity.
Must be the train station you get off at during your initial strike on Shinra HQ.
Those aren't salepeople, those are assholes. It's one thing to be a go-getter salesperson, it's another to be an annoying douchenozzle. But hey, gotta make that nut each quarter. Turn those machines back on! Sell, Sell, Sell!
Porters has been in the works to close for a while now. That wasn't sudden at all. MSD bought the location for a treatment plant (or something thereabouts).
Photoshop tackle, that's what.
The tail is a dead giveaway that it's a shop job. They tried though. They attempted to match the shadow across her shirt even.
You and I both.
She used to be attractive. I mean she still is but she used to be too.
The whole movie is full of classic lines.
Fifth Third bank is Mastercard.
Pretty sure most TSA workers have failed 95% of all the other tests they've taken in their lives. How else does one end up with the TSA.
I used to play a game called Guardian Legend that had a similar BS code pattern for returning to your save. Such a hard game, such a pain to enter the code.
This pervert should do the world a favor and hang himself in his cell tonight. Not only a child predator but a teacher of young men. Disgusting. Edit: I'm guessing whomever downvoted my comment supports this man and his actions. Sad. Edit2: Are there that many Trinity kids on Reddit? What's with the circlejerk downvoting? You want this guy to be free? Do you want the court system to pay to prosecute and house people like this? Any other day of the week Reddit's mindset is that pedo's should get what's coming to them, yet this guy /r/louisville wants to defend? He's admitted to it all, so it's not a question of quilt. Do you want this guy on our streets and in our schools? Judging by the love in this whole thread for this guy, looks like there are a lot of former students defending him. You are defending someone who is now an admitted sex offender, you realize that right? An admitted sex offender in the education system, how do you justify that, honestly, plead your case. It doesn't matter how nice he was to you as a substitute teacher, he's a wolf in sheeps clothing. Any one of you or your classmates could have been a victim and you're lucky he was found out before something more severe occurred.
A young Mini Driver.
I here he charged about tree fity to sew buttons.
Well, the cop in movies not playing by the rules is usually part of a corrupt police unit/precinct and almost always shirking the rules to do the right thing. Rather than shooting dogs and innocent folk.
Grab a hose?
The experience of failure is pretty important. Trying something once and failing is okay. Try it again, learn from your mistake. If you fail again, chances are if it's something you can do the third time is much more likely to be successful. You've done it a few times, learned what not to do and thought a lot more about how to do it. You've probably develop at least some muscle memory and if you're already failed a couple times, you've got that fear out of the way. A lot of doing something is getting over that initial fear of failure. It's like trying to ride a skateboard on a halfpipe. You are going to fall the first time you try it, so it's easy to talk yourself out of doing it. If you just suck it up, do it, take the fall, you get over that fear and can then move onto overcoming any true physical rather than psychological barrier.
We've quite simply attacked way too many chickens.
Which half of your sister are you hooking up with? The top half or bottom half? And why is she in pieces?
That's a frightful thought. You're probably correct.
Jesus Christ, Gil! There's just something things you don't talk about in public!
Bill Nye?! Holy hell, proximity to all that cool science stuff really does a number on the skin. Must have been noxzema.
Are you talking about IT as in Information Technology (programming, hardware, web design, etc), a standard call center (you reference phone calls and scripts), or doing phone tech support (a specific type of the previous option). It sounds like you could be talking about all three and all three are vastly different job types/fields with different pay and responsibilities.
I would think so, that's usually the case in situations like this. The story says they acquired assets, which in this case is likely the 11,000 accounts they service. From the article: "RealPage plans to combine Indatus with its Level One live agent solutions and their chief financial officer says merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue." They are based in Texas and do similar work. They aren't likely to relocate their operation from Texas to Louisville and in order to " merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue" the only way to do that to the tune of $49million is to shut this location down, hire some more staff in Texas and handle the 11,000 accounts they purchased at their main location.
Let's hope it works out that way then. Any idea how many employee's they currently have if they are keeping 80? I wonder if the cuts will be call center or development. Dev's get paid more than phone reps....
Start saving your caps chiilllllldren.
Third Son of the Third Son?
Good luck getting a water gun through TSA.
Moss Def is a really talented heart guy.
Learn to meta. If it's been mentioned on the front page in the past 48 hrs consider it common Reddit meta for the next 48. Standard.
Holy hell, I missed the internet?!
Hey bro, you're late with your part of the rent again. You're gonna have to scratch my balls for another month whenever I need it. That's the deal, remember.
Haven't watched South Park in...10 yrs (jesus!). Context?
Which brings up the point: Someone will be the first one to take Jenners new V-Card.
Is there a more Irish name than Patrick Murphy?
That dog is not on a leash. Savages in this town.
Man, I'm so glad to hear that. In my experience, ghosts are very reliable pet owners. ESP when it comes to dogs.
I'm laughing, but somehow, I still don't understand. But thanks for the link. I must've gotten old somewhere in the last 10yrs.
Typical ghosts.
Deaf? Do you mean mute?
I knew a Bosnian girl who when she would go to the bathroom would say, "It's time to watch the bearded dragon spit". She never let me watch though.
Bunches. Love would be measured in bunches, of course.
I love lamp.
It only gets harder. Welcome to Grownupland.
No, I do not know any Buffalo fans. Edit: TY for Gold!
Carpetmuncher.
Usain Lighting, I'm sayin Gold!
Have you ever heard of the Internet? You do realize you can use it to find anything in a city that city may have? Do you know how often nothing or very little comes up on any search for that area? Do you need to drive through a place everyday to understand there is little there? I was out there two months ago (I said I rarely go, not never) to purchase some items from someone who lives out there. The area hadnt changed since the last time I was out there, do you wish to make a case that the area has changed considerably over the last several years? An insult by comparing to the West End, sounds like you're the one with a preconceived notion about that part of town such that a simple comparrison of the two offends you. I've simply said there is little in either part of town to draw outsiders in. No reason to be so offended over facts. I like your dig on the East End, an assumption that is where I live? One end of town has constant new construction of businesses and homes and draws outsiders to the city, one does not. Do you know which is which? It's a simple economic reality. If you live in the Dixie area, why would you go to the East End? Regardless of traffic the distance is near prohibitive. Take the Snyder from 65 heading East and you can stop at all sorts of places along the way. Do the opposite and head West toward Dixie and the Greenbelt there is next to nothing along the way. Do you not know the city you live in and it's socioeconomic reality or do basic facts and clear observations make you feel like you're being attacked when you aren't?
Garbage article. They're trying to make you think Mitch was smuggling drugs, as if Mitch has anything to do with the sailors on the boat or much in the way of hands on operations of thr company. It's like saying Greyhound is for drugs bevause a passenger was carrying a joint in their pocket. Edit: I don't support Mitch at all, but this story is pointless malarkey.
Thanks for the tip. Never heard of the place, I'll add it to my list.
That expression has been around so much longer than 2009.
My eye's started to bleed four sentences in and then my brain exploded. I am currently lying on the floor dying, please, send help.
Now, someone rip a dollar in half.
History of Mental Illness. History of Moving Violations. History of Public Intoxication. So multiple run ins with the law. You can tell from the history and the waist up photograph this man was a heavy drinker, look how distended his stomach is. It's as round and beachball. Celebrating graduation? A drinker is likely to be drinking at such a time. An unhealthy man with a history of alocholism and violent behavior (he assaulted the mayor) who recently had heart surgery is just the kind of person you would expect to have another run in with authorities and be at higher risk of death by tazing. Electricity + a weak heart do not mix. This family is just looking for a pay day by talking like "make sure their loved one didn't die because something wasn't done by the book". This is classic legal talk. If your loved one wasn't an alcoholic and took better care of himself he wouldn't have been in poor health or needed heart surgery and would have been less likely to put himself in the same situations with police over and over and even if tazed, would have stood a much better chance of survival. Sensationalist story trying to piggyback on the national narrative of police brutality. This is not one of those cases.
God, thinking about eating that many Oreos makes me nauseous, especially if you only buy Double Stuff.
And by April, he means April 20th.
That's pretty much what I would do, but I'm no lawyer. Make sure you write into the contract what happens if they don't pay (do you return funds in full or with a penalty) and what timeframe they have, and what happens if they miss that timeframe, extension options, etc. Also, just wanted to point out, it's "prospective buyers" not "perspective buyers". They mean very different things.
Good. Good luck in prison boys, gonna need it.
This guy needs to do a TIFU, seriously.
Do you like to talk when you're drunk? I know I do. Do you like to say stupid shit you have no idea about when you're drunk? I know I do. Do you drink at home, alone, at night? I know I do. You can only spend so much of this time masturbating. You either go to bed or let your fingers start talking for you.
I read a synapsis once that the point of the film was that it was written as just the diner scene (opening and closing scene) that was then split up to fill in the story as to how the people in ther diner arrived at that moment. The whole movie sets the context for the diner scene.
Unless you're a Conehead.
Dad, get out!
The custodian in Half Baked seemed like a real cool dude.
The what?
Unlike California Rain.
See: Duke Nukem Forever
If your opponents are playing to loose you should be playing tighter and if they are playing to tight then you should play looser. This generally goes for the table as a whole and against specific opponents. Obviously you have to adjust to each situation accordingly and there is never a hard and fast rule so this is more of a broad stroke reply.
And syrup to chug?
Thanks for he input. If they're only taking in 20-30k from roadblocks, that's pretty low. I know there is a lot of volunteer that goes into it but there are still costs involved. When you consider those costs (even if they aren't fully 20-30K) there is still a cost incurred due to economic impact from reduced traffic flow and increase chance of accidents. I'm sure in the past when more people carried more money (cash/coin) there was a higher percentage of donations via roadblocks compared to the overall total donations. But based off your numbers alone the community actually loses more economically than the donations from roadblocks bring in. Don't get me wrong, I'm not advoacting people not donate as the Crusade does good work, but it's looking like (again, based on your numbers) that the roadblocks are a step backwards in terms of community advancement. Would love to hear others thoughts. Thank you.
Poor thing, dragged off to Petdumb like that. Such a shame
He even killed the guy who killed the guy who killed Hitler. Talk about a killcount.
That's assuming all roadblocks pull in similar numbers (even percentage-wise) to the Fern Creek roadbloack and that those percentages apply to the overall Crusade totals for the year. While I agree that $750,000 is no small amount of money, the question is what goes into pulling in that portion of the total through roadblocks. We have to take into consideration all costs associated with those roadblocks, any labor and equipment costs, labor and revenue lost through traffic delays, increase in fuel consumption across the city as a result of traffic delays due to roadblocks, the costs to citizens of any accidents that occur as a result of traffic congestion, and other costs I'm surely overlooking. All those costs matter when considering the overall community benefit. If it costs the city, via tax dollars or citizen out-of-pocket, more than is brought in via the roadblocks, then there is a net negative benefit to the community at large. We agree there needs to be a better look taken at the practice and how it's implemented as well as all the other roadblocks throughout the year. The Shriners and Crusade I understand but so often we see other people just standing out there with buckets (or boots) looking for change and they often do feel sketchy. Unfortunately I think the legitimacy of the Shriners/Crusade roadblocks lure people into a false sense of acceptance for all the others (not that they are all for disreputable causes). I believe we also agree that roadblocks during rush hour are obviously poor judgement on anyones part. Louisville has enough traffic problems during rush hour to purposely add to that mess.
Who would dare harm Rodney Dangerfield?
Ate McDonald, more room in clown car.
I like making banana bread here recently. Pretty hearty, inexpensive, and easy to make. Just cut you a slice and go.
Came here for an accident, was disappointed.
This one time, Tom Cruise and a bunch of cop looking fellas came out of nowhere and arrested me right before I was about to walk into my house. Turns out, my wife was having an affair and I was about to walk in on her and her lover and kill them both. Thank god for Tom Cruise and those fellas, now I only have have to spend life in prison without having had to actually kill anyone. Pre-crime detection is so the way to go!
My name is Gato I have metal joints Beat me up And earn fifteen silver points!
Not only erosion but they create coastal habit as well for wildlife. You don't want to disturb their nests either.
Oh Darwin, handing out them awards.
You financed a liberal arts degree. (probably)
If your lease is setup as you describe, that the landlord can change it on a whim, then sure. If you're serious about an answer though, only a lawyer can really give you the right information. Depending on the laws in your area you might be breaking one or two in some way and your landlord should be concerned. But that it's an issue for your roommates, it doesn't sound like you're the best person to be living with. Don't care about what affects your roommates and don't care about what your lease says or what your landlord says. Is a poker game worth being homeless over? Is it worth pissing off your roommates and making for a tense living arrangement? Is there no where else you can host these games?
knees weak, arms are heavy
It's not their fault they never learned how.
As my realtor explained it to me, as a listing agent, there are time frames involved that make a difference. For the first 7 days, your agent has exclusivity to your property, no one else knows it's listed. From days 7 to 30 other agents your agent works with can see the information for your property. After that 30 days it becomes open game. So, unless you have a property that you know is going to be desireable and sell quick, and you know a hardworking sellers agent, then use that agent. If not then go FSBO. We bought our house FSBO. Our agent helped the sellers with their side of the paperwork without charging them the usual sellers fees, he only took his % from our end as our agent (he was also his own broker).
I went to school with one of my cousins, we were in the same class, graduated together. For reasons I've never learned, his side of the family and our side of the family were not close, even though everyone lived in the roughly the same neighborhoods. So naturally this cousin and I didn't ourselves have much of a relationship. The only time in school would be when he would point out to his soccer teammates that he had a cousin the class and would point to the smart kid that kept to himself most of the time (me). He died in a car accident shortly after we graduated. I went to the funeral. When I walked in, all the other kids from our class just looked at me like "wtf is he here?". First and only time I ever met his parents. His mother hugged me, then said I was built just like him (we were of very similar builds) and she broke down in tears. I asked what happened, they said they didn't know, maybe he "was reaching for a fry and ran off the highway". No, him and all his friends were heavy drinkers in high school, partied hard. His accident was late on a Fri or Sat night, so it's pretty likely what happened. Talk about a waste. I haven't seen anyone else from my class die. There was a set of twins that went to my high school, a few grades back, freshman. One was really nice, the other a total bitch. Over one of the breaks throughout the year they were riding an atv, the same one. The not-nice one was driving. She managed to flip it over and kill her sister, the nice-one. That was sad.
I love a good commercial but marketing doesn't move me. I've never bought a product or service that I've seen marketed. I've never seen a commercial, magazine ad, billboard, etc, and been swayed to utilize that service or product. If I have a need for something, I do my research online for what may fill that need and then purchase or build what I need. The only exception to the above may be coupons, but then only if the coupon is a good value relative to normal price and even then, rarely. I will utilize coupons for places and things I already buy but that isn't really marketing, that's just taking advantage of a discount for something you were already going to purchase. It's like Coke and McDonalds. They spend gobs of money marketing, as if people don't already know they exist and utilize them on some regular cadence. You either eat fast food or you don't, if you do, you know about McDonalds and Coke and Wendy's. You're exposed to a lot of these things through your parents habits growing up moreso than marketing.
Hell, I can fake sneeze, we can all pull that one! Well played!
The Inquisition, here we go; The Inquisition, quite a show.
It's something that not only should be legal, but mandatory. Business has shown that when no one is looking they will attempt to get away with whatever they can. Purposely creating an environment of zero transparency is the same as saying we you have something hide. It's the same for businesses as it is for drug addicts, you hide your bad behavior because you know they're wrong and don't want anyone to stop you from doing them.
You'd still have considerable economic issues. The blow to consumer confidence would wreck havoc on the US economy and filter through our trade partners, just on a much larger scale than post 9/11. Then, if NY destruction was a result of an attack (of any sort) there would be a massive mobilization of US military, even a build up of troops and supplies. This would likely occur throughout the military's of our closest allies as well, depending on the cause said destruction. Further, it would like lead further to the decline of American influence in the world creating a power vacuum to be filled by who knows who or how. This is likely the same result that would happen if any major city, think London, Paris, Berlin, Beijing, were to be destroyed.
A tifu from yesterday
I may not be the biggest horse in the barn, but I'm still a horse.
I've clearly been talking about transparency since my first post, not secret taping, Keinichn was talking about secret taping in one short sentence and nothing further. Whom are you having this conversation with? Him or me, because it sure doesn't sound like he's involved and I've been consistent the whole way through with what I've been advocating. Again, you're the one still hung up on secret taping.
What? I've not advocated secret spying at all. I've called for transparency on the part of government organizations and watch groups. Again, since you still don't seem to understand, I am talking about TRANSPARENCY, not secret spying. Mandatory transparency. The shit the NSA pulls, that's secret spying. Governement organizations and watch groups going in for inspections to provide TRANSPARENCY is not what the NSA is doing. At first I though you were dense but now I suspect you're simply trolling. I'm not going to keep repeating myself just so you can understand. Farewell.
Well, it certainly is if she doesn't have kids.
Organs, hell! Get this kid a piano!
Those aren't kids man, those are little strippers. You know, midgets.
Perfectly.
Outside? Ain't no outside 'round here.
Well, they used to do that in the Southern States. Just covering their asses I'd say.
RIP
Get out of here with your common sense and logic. You are however, very correct.
Like default Reddit really. I remember a time not so long ago where I would log in daily and laugh my little nuts off at all kinds of funny memes. This was before I knew anything about Reddit and customizing what subreddits I was apart of. Then, one sad day, I woke up, logged in and GONE, all GONE! They'd changed'm around. So Reddit went from funny memes to twoxchromosones and drama drama drama in a way I never knew before. I learned real quick that day about subreddit management and never looked back. It's not near as funny as it used to be, but it's still good enough for a laugh here and there.
I was reading this thread to my fiance. She admitted she loves when I do this. I almost always wear rolled-up sleeve shirts or longsleeve t-shirts. Now I know to make sure to do it in front of her a little more often. Not too much more, just a little.
God Damn, I love that movie.
What? Don't want to see, just sum up please.
Just don't give a shit about being rejected and it'll be so much easier, trust me. Not every piece fits, not every two people are supposed to get along/be together. There are lots of other fish in the sea. If they were your soulmate, they wouldn't turn you down (if you believe in that nonsense). Just be yourself, don't be a creep, but certainly don't just do it out of the blue. At least make eye contact from across the room first or something. You don't just go up and tap a girl on the shoulder to get her to turn around and be like, "I like cheese. You like cheese too?".
A clear case of Canada Mouth, the poor bastard.
Where in the world does this not happen? Curious. Most of human history has developed a long coasts, riverbanks, streams, and lakeshores. The Nile flooded regularly throughout Egyptian history so it's really not at all uncommon to build in areas that are prone to flooding. In the US and elsewhere.
Did you get any of it in writing? Hard to imagine not having to pay for coverage the time you were in NJ.
Because someone will build in front of you, blocking your view. The high water mark is just that, the high water mark. There are many years typically where the water doesn't reach that high. So you ensure to cover your damages that 1 yr in 5 that you do have a problem. Flood plains for rivers can cover a large area and if we ignored that land we'd be giving up a lot of normally usable real estate. For example, I live in Louisville, Ky along the banks of the Ohio River. Sometimes, every so many years our downtown area gets hit with some flooding. Some of those times it's bad, others not so much. But we still use that real estate. We have highways there, greenspace (a huge park), businesses (some at ground level, some elevated), and other things like our minor league baseball stadium and the new Yum! Center (University of Lousville basketball arena). We're talking billions of dollars in infrastructure and other assets. If it's built properly, maintained well, and insured correctly there is no reason to let that land lay unused. Just to give you an [idea](http://www.kentuckycreditcardprocessing.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/downtown-louisville.jpg).
And in another dimension there is a cookie that eats monsters.
All these guys trying to talk so hard, sounding like little girls screaming with those high pitched voices. At least one person knows enough to say not to pull it out. But a knife to the spine, shit.
Nobody tells DJ Request what to play.
Say it, don't spray it, Abe.
I'm sure it lowers the overall costs for services to some degree. Fast response times to treat the more common emergencies, lower costs of that response time due to less equipment needed, better survival rate and lower malpractice/lawsuit costs, plus better deployment of the response fleet in general. Sounds like a good idea to me.
As someone else said, WHOOSH!
Thank you so much for that! Now I know how to properly maintain my d*ck!
OMG I'M FLIPPING OUT!
Why does it matter? People die, it's a fact of life. Most accidents and deaths occur in the home anyway. Given a home of sufficient age, it's not unrealistic for someone to have died in said house.
It's in case you change you mind and decide not to eat it so you can just put it back in the box.
Not just any set of books, Asimov's basis for the Foundation novels.
Well, I watched Europa Report this morning. Not on fucking Europa, that's for damn sure.
"I'm sorry I never got back to you. My power went out for a moment and it deleted my Facebook account."
Hand 1: You've made the hand you want but your read on the other players as weak makes me think this is a fold. When a weak player suddenly wakes up like that it's usually a solid hand and given no other information, I think you wait for a better spot. He's played it like he's flopped bottom two and wants to take the pot now before the straight draws get there. Hand 2: With the pot of ~400 and them both having ~100, I say ship'm in, you're good here often enough and going to get paid off by JK/JQ/J9/J8 like always. I suspect you're up against straight and flush draws with a piece more than you are a boat. If one of the limpers had AA they would have reraised you PF and I would think TT would have put in an raise PF as well.
It's a much better game when it's played right than with everyone's BS house rules like Free Parking money (all those fees really go the bank, not awarded for landing on Free Parking). Look up some Monopoly strategy and you'll get a much better appreciation for the game.
I can see that being entertaining as well.
Your explaination is exactly what I was thinking as well. It's the exact move a weak passive player makes when they get a hand and don't know how to play for value on future streets.
This thread makes me glad I own a jon boat in the midwest with a launchable lake 3mins from the house. My annual expense is whatever it costs to top off my battery, taxes, and gas for the 6hp outboard I run a few times/yr. Annual cost in the couple hundred range. I don't have anything add though, just glad I don't have a thing for bigger boats.
Quotes are like rape whistles you know. They ward off rapists in the real world and pitchforks on reddit.
"He said, "The sheriff is near."."
/r/spiderbro would simply consider him as guarding your beer from flies and gnats. All hail your new beer bro!
In your position though, with your education, once you get into your field and out of training, it'll really open up doors for you in management/oversight roles if you're interested in that. But at the moment, I agree, it doesn't do you much good. Still have to earn your spot in your new career, get time under your belt, and learn your craft. After that, the sky's the limit. Good luck! Oh, btw, same with our highschoolsin the 90s. I graduated in 98 and by that time I had missed those type of class by a couple years. My school did have a tech lab that I was really good at and I started college in engineering school, I just wasn't ready yet and working part-time at night really made classes tough so it hurt my grades and I ended up out of engineering. Probably my biggest regret. We live and learn.
IBEW Local 369
Turtle Power! Edit: It's probably the most wrong I've ever fit into one joke.
Those legs, going on for days.
Now that does hurt.
Sounds exactly what a dad should do.
Pretty wack that their currency has a higher value sold as a novelty than used as actual currency. You can buy their currency as a novelty but you can't use their currency to buy novelties.
And now you've got internet and video games making it even less neccessary/attractive for kids to go outside. It's a vicious cycle. One that starts now as soon as parents can stick a phone or tablet in their kids hands to keep them quite and occupied.
This. This is how kids are supposed to be playing. You learned orgaization. You learned to build. You learned leadership and subordination. You learned task diffusion. You learned war, how to fight and defend. You learned how to end those fucking barbie dolls.
Also like a seal.
Exactly. But what do so many parents seem to do these days? Especially parents of young kids? They go to work, come home tired and then spend time on their phones, computers, tablets, laptops, etc. Childrens behaviors mimic those they see and the ones reinforced the most. Parents have bad eating habits, yup, kids are likely to as well. Parents are rude assholes to people, yep kids are gonna pick that up. Parents molest or abuse their kids, those kids are more likely to do the same to others. If you take your kids camping, or to museums, or anything else you feel is positive, they're gonna pick up on those behaviors just the same. Good on you man.
Fuck yo couch white bread motherfucka! Gosh, that was fun.
I haven't used a public laundry in years, so glad for that. Never again.
They may well have been. The kind of person to do something like this strikes me as the kind of person who avoids confrontation. But really, we don't know. They could be serial dickheads and do stuff like this regularly or they could have been a family who really needed to get towels done had no way to do them. It's still rude, but in hindsight, while throwing their towels and stuff away makes me feel tough and justified, in the chance they were a poor family with no other means I would probably have just shook my head, looked around and eyeballed everyone hard, then left them on a table. It seems there's some sort of karma when it comes to public laundry and I don't know I want to reap much bad karma there.
Then why were they dressed like cops then?
Well that's damned awesome, thank you.
Well ya, sure, unless you're the type of beast that has sex outdoors all the time.
It doesn't hurt to try? Some places are more lax with their policies? A lot of cashiers don't know the rules of their own companies so maybe you can pull one over on them? Sometimes a person just feels entitled. A lot of people realize that they can often get their way because at the end of the day retailers don't want to lose you as a customer. Brick &amp; Morter stores have been under attack from online business for years and every customer you have as a B&amp;M is one you don't want to piss off. As a retailer, it's often worth it to bite the bullet on a $20 item when that person probably spends hundreds or thousands with you over the course of a year. It's not just that single transaction at stake here. Let's say you're trying this at a company like Staples which deals in office supplies. Most of your customers, in one form or another, are business customers, usually small business. Do you want to piss off a customer that spends money across all your departments all year round to run their business over a single inexpensive item? Do you want your other customers to see that exchange? What will they think? They don't hear the details, they just hear you telling someone "No".
Because it's not just for kids. There are a lot people who care to hear a lot of that language or see offensive stuff. People who cuss or are fine with obsenities aren't likely to complain that there are none of those on TV, meanwhile the people who don't want to see those things will not only complain but won't watch a show. Not watching a show hurts viewership, which hurts ratings, which affects advertising rates the networks charge.
Don't just do it for sex, girls can smell that and that still scares a lot of them, expecially if they haven't before. The consequences of sex for a young woman are still more severe for a young man. Treat them with respect, be a gentleman, make them laugh, chocolate, and DON'T try to get in their pants and the rest will come naturally.
Elvis and Michael Jackson
You're not that far off. Now, if only you knew enough to throw in a dig at the Detroit Lions Postseason performance you'd be on your way to stardom. Edit: Because I'm sure you don't know, they have a terrible postseason record. http://www.pro-football-reference.com/teams/det/playoffs.htm Something like 1 playoff win in the past 60yrs.
I enjoyed VATS. It's something that sets Fallout apart from so many other games. Plus, I found upclose combat to be a real PITA in Fallout 3. VATS is a much better use of your Ammo. However, with a few perks, VATS really makes the game too easy. Increased head accuracy plus refreshing your AP if you kill a target while in VATS means firefights become more tactical. If anything I would like a better transition into and out of VATS than how it was done in FO3.
Same idea as a stakeout pole for kayaks if you've ever seen one.
I'd say they could bring Goose along, but honestly, he'd be about as effective as a flock of seagulls.
I second this. Look through your original lease and see what it says about if they sell the place what happens. Did you sign a new lease with the new company or did it just roll over?
Part that's still going to suck for that area, there are just so many people. So you'll end up with lots of zombies and survivors and I bet a lot of those survivors will head away from population centers, which there, means North. I think your best bet would be keep going North, as far into Canada as you can. In the US, people in the plains states and large, sparsely populated southern states are going to have the best time. But I guess ultimately it will depend on how it starts. Is it everywhere all at once or does it spread from one city so everyone has lots of notice.
Poker, Fishing, Sex
Only with a deevolution gun.
Op is playing The Long Khan.
No, then Spielberg gets called out for hunting triceratops.
How on earth are they going to charge you? Landlines only? Can they do that to a cellphone? I use a prepaid plan, good luck scammers!
Frontdoor quad equity out the yinyang.
I'm going to say that auto-racing is probably even more expensive than Polo. So much labor and parts goes into maintaining a race car at every level of the sport it's not fair. Next to that I would say sport fishing. Boats, fuel, and gear get insanely expensive very quickly as well and it applies to both saltwater and freshwater fishing for both pro's an amateurs. There are a lot more people into auto-racing and sport fishing than are into polo too. Not saying you're wrong about polo, just wanted to throw out a couple more expensive sports.
LBJ is your co-worker then. I mean Lyndon B Johnson of course.
What's glove got to do, got to do with it. (is what OJ would be singing)
When Cameron was in Egypt's land...let me people goooo.
Take all the water!
You are correct.
Oh boo-hoo. They don't owe you a bike lockup, it's not a legally required improvement such as a wheelchair ramp we're talking about. Plus it's a private business, they can use their space how they see fit. The amount of business they lose by inconveniencing a few cyclist to run these types of events is incredibly small, especially compared with how much they stand to make. That location has almost no storefront to work with and the parking has been a mess for years, space has long been at a premium, and you're upset you cant lock your bike up right out front? Oh, the humanity! You're not shaming Kroger here, you're making yourself look like a whiney, entitled cyclist and for what, karma? No one is going to boycott Kroger over this nothing sleight.
Then you go to the manager and do that. Taking multiple pics for a gallery in a local message board is an action designed to stir up people against the store and does not resolve the immediate issue.
Pratt would be great as Nathan Drake in an Uncharted movie.
That was a huge disappointment for me.
Settle down. He's calling them out for asking for what is essentially a handout. Either of the property itself, simply given to them free, or for the community to just give them money to buy it for them. Which really is quite absurd for them to be asking. Sure they can hope for it, but it's not likely to happen.
Dat ass doh.
Just make sure to close your eyes if you ever decide to open it.
You mean [transwarp beaming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxzYTDX8bIg)?
Worst party ever.
Ha! Love it. So true.
The Lego Circle of Life.
People will see them because: Lucas is not involved. It's Star Wars!! Disney now owns them and is no amateur when it comes to blockbusters. JJ Abrams, shown he can do SciFi, direct, and is a HUGE Star Wars fan. Original Cast Returns! PG/PG-13 Holiday Release. Biggest. Movie. Ever.
I've two large maples and a pine on our 1/4 acre in the 40229, one maple out front the other out back, lovem.
&gt; After betting half pot on flop, my intention was to basically not fold no matter what: if I got raised on the flop or put all-in on the turn, no matter the card. After flop bet, basically the only other player that covered me was BTN who tanked for an extremely long time on the flop with my bet. Other vill had about $25 behind, which I would have called anyways. I think what I was more trying to accomplish with this bet was allow for a wider range of weaker hands to call because I had believed ranges to be more 'elastic' than 'inelastic' (as is so often used to describe nonpolarized and polarized ranges). Correct me if I'm wrong here. If your intention on the flop was to "call no matter what" Then you should shove since you're first to act. Why shove? Because the pot and your stack size don't give you the option of doing much else. Because by shoving first on the flop, you'll get hands with equity to fold or force them to draw on your at the best possible odds for your situation. Given the action preflop it really doesn't matter if you had AA or TT, they're both only a pair now and will be played the same way in this situation. Why isn't check/call a valid option on the flop? Given the read on the table, ie passive, anyone willing to bet into you is likely to have a better hand, when a passive player gets aggressive, you should take note and think real hard about what's going on. Check/call is also incorrect because as mention above, shove is better, even though they accomplish the same thing ie. getting your stack in. One keeps you in control and telling the aggressive story you're trying to tell by your preflop raise. It is preferred to open shove here over check/call pretty much always. Again, see points above about each. You are pot committed on the turn, easily. A lot players, myself included, would say you are pot committed on the flop (before you even bet, hence why I argue for a shove). You want to give your opponents the worst odds possible in order to maximize your value. By shoving on the flop, you give yourself the best position to win the most money and to win more often because any opponent is getting the worst odds you can give to see the Turn and sometimes you're going to take the pot right there, which is always a good thing. I hope that's answered at least some of your questions. If anything isn't clear, let me know and I'll try to elaborate further.
Why are you jaded and edgy? That's a strange comment to leave with no context.
When you say Aluminum boat, do you mean a jon boat style or other type? One thing to look for in aluminum boats is any cracks around welds or rivets, or missing, damage, or popped rivets. We sure to check for cracks around the transom, usually cause by the weight of the engine. Also, if there is any wood in the boat, while you should always check for rot on any boat wood, find out of the wood was original factory install or done by a previous owner. Pressure treated lumber does not react well to aluminum and will damage it over time. Always use marine grade wood on aluminum boats. Aluminum hulls, with even minimum care, can last a very, very long time. If it's a jon boat style (either flat bottom, modifed v-hull, or v-hull) be sure to check out tinboats.net, great resource and community for jon boats.
For every rare time someone flats you with 72o, many more are calling with A7, 77, and lots of others like 97, 87, 76, T7, 75 (suited and unsuited). That is a very sick flop with the number of callers
The common clay of the New Medium. You know, liars.
I heard they respect raises there.
So long as it's head of the Spokane NAACP.
I'm Spartacus.
