It's speculated she's Crane Mother. May be going back in time for the Seven Cities of Heaven Tournament.
http://forums.marvelheroes.com/discussion/144603/khonshus-tribute-a-melee-moon-knight-build-updated-may-22-2015/p1
Anytime! Gnome does a good job breaking the build down and going over why this and that is taken. Gear and such is all pretty much straight forward. My IGN is Vikstyn if you ever need anything.
Go to Scottish Highlands. Find Connor MacLeod. There can be only one.
You get 400 ES on your second log in day. That's enough for a good hero.
Imdb has him listed as Barry Allen.
There's 2 captain boomerangs.
I feel so stupid for wondering what Marvelous! was.
Spoilers..
This makes me so insanely jealous. Gorgon makes my MK eat rocks instantly.
He's my favorite comic character. I half hoped the art dealer shop in DD was owned by Spector.
Fruit lawyer here. It all depends on if the swallows grasp it by the husk or if it's tied to said bird.
X23 for synergy if you main a melee
I think they got him wrong in the VO in game. I would have liked to hear more of his multiple personalities. And the demon voice is Khonshu. He's a great comic to read. The 2015 run of Mr. Knight is good.
Why not make a all time use medkit like D3 has? Unique drop and rare.
THANK YOU!! At work til 5 and was wondering costs.
Is there anything else? What about the quests that had retcons?
I've always got a box at 175. The last 8 boxes were fantastic, nova, storm, and deadpool. In that order. I don't even wanna random box anymore..
I just did this for Gambit. It took maybe an hour. AND I was able to kill Bullseye for the MK1 card.
Still selling.
Who the fuck did he just accordion??!
I was running RIF/SIF boosts all morning farming terms, I did 8 axis one shots, and CICP and got NOTHING to drop except a cosmic Skull medallion upgrade. 2+ hours of 200% for nothing.
Sit in Midtown lobby, go kill anything right outside the door, and run back in. The rarity of the mob doesn't matter.
Not really. Tried it.
Probably.
You're not the only one. Flooded with rude elitist pricks, 'who should I pick next' threads, and Gaz sucks for no event cryfests.
Posts like this will push people away from the game. The Mods need to start deleting toxic trash like this.
Interested in the SG. IGN - Vikstyn
What?! How is that possible? I know he took Carnage in space and did the same thing once.
Moon Knight. Knowing I can get stomped and killed by a boss with his play style keeps me focused. I just leveled Gambit so I'm pumped to see how he does with a hybrid build.
Every random box so far has been a dupe. At least I got a DD dupe tonight so that's a free ult point.
I went more hybrid. Street Sweeper, 52UP, Royal Flush, and Bo Vault with 60/40 physical/energy stats. Debating replacing BV with something else but I don't wanna turn into a range character. I like the midrange melee.
This Thursday is free champ.
Crafter has an option to remove it.
Fumbles is right. It's under Misc.
What are you looking for for the balloon?
I got a low rolled hod if you're into a 1:1
Haha that's super late for me. Just add me and when you see me in game send me a tell. Vikstyn
Awesome. I'm in the U.S. But I'm about to leave for work in 15. I'll be on tonight sometime.
I just green prestiged. With a personal xp buff of 50% and server side, not really rushing mind you, just over 5 hours. Like I said if I put some rush into it I could have done it around 4.
Moon Knight for the extra ult point.
1. That username is good. 2. I think with the endless events that have been going on for the past month, people felt they should have another. IMHO they should have did all the weekly events this month as opposed to last month and a half. Or do a big 10/a set xp bump that scales per week instead of weekly and getting dumped/set xp bonus for the month. Hell any of those options are better than the rolling weekly xp.
What you should have done was send an email showing you bought the Gs. Maybe they thought you were scamming.
I added you btw. I should be back on super early my time. Around 5am or so.
MK is my main and is an absolute blast. But if youre not into getting punished for the playstyle, then I wouldnt use him for the freebie.
http://redd.it/391cqn Honestly it's stickied at the top. Take more time to look.
I ran several with my SG this morning and found well over 100+ in 8 runs.
Nope. Sell em.
I finished up the 365 about an hour ago too. I farmed for Treasure Rooms I didn't have and killed mobs while looking. IMO it was way better doing it that way. Regular MIdtown was pretty good too with damn near instant respawn mobs.
He's already the villain Gladiator.
Same with raids. You can go back and get loot, but no commends.
The irony in this is he won't speak and you'll see him. But he speaks as Groot and you don't see him.
Some hero specific uniques are better for them than non-hero ones. Some heroes use a split of both. Honestly it all depends on who you play.
Does marvel unlimited have all these available? Im willing to drop $10 to read all those like right now. Edit: too many words.
I guess using the search feature on this sub to direct you to the other 500+ threads asking the same thing is too hard eh?
Try getting it through Steam.
It's quite possibly my favorite one. I remember watching it when it came out as a teenager and saying 'holy shit, this movie is dark'. The atmosphere was bleak, and you had that sense of no hope up to the end.
Vikstyn IGN add me.
For you guys that play her how is she? I leveled her to 10 but I don't have her unlocked yet.
I feel like she plays the way Nova should play. I just can't get into him at all.
Add me in game Vikstyn. I'll help ya out
Agreed. The first 6 were phenomenal. But you could REALLY tell the shift on book 7. Now I'm all caught up to 16 I'm ready to see how this ends. Did you read the secret wars with MK in it?
Yeah. I wasn't a big fan of it. I wanna see what's gonna happen if they push on with it.
I'm so jealous that I can't do anything that awesome.
I'm interested in the Annihilation story line. Does it cover all the years of those books? I think it's from 09-14 or something.
As long as I can turn em off I'll be ok. I was reading comics on a free online site but it's buggy from time to time and the selection is just ok.
Was that one in Nashville?
I downloaded the app to check it out. As long as I don't have the smart box on it works fine. I'll have to pinch zoom things, but that's not a big deal.
You have to redownload. But it's worth it when it auto updates for you.
Add me. Vikstyn. I'll be on most of the day tomorrow. I main a decently geared Moon Knight. What are you interested in doing?
What a bunch of aholes..
Kyuss - Blues for the Red Sun
Congrats! I'm on the lookout for the yellow suit version myself.
Spider-Man made his own suit so no.
Shadowland.
Log in by Sunday.
Kyuss and Sleep are great. Jerusalem/Dopesmoker are amazing.
Nova was in the New Warriors before GotG.
r/shittyfantheories
I'm assuming you know Tom Jones is 75. Or are you placing Hey There Delilah pre-Delilah?
I mean Fred Savages room was the size of my living room growing up so I assumed they were well off. Maybe his dad was corporate America in the mid80s and was working in Chicago. Maybe he got held up by a parade downtown that day by some kid singing Twist and Shout.
His dad took the fall money and bet it all on himself to win. He was more than likely a underdog. 5-1 odds at 25k, for example, is $125k return. And with it put in a savings Matt could only use to go to school on, it makes sense he would have go to the orphanage (if the rumors of his mom being a nun there pan out).
Put them in your stash. Shift-click to split.
Hell yeah. Another disciple of Khonshu.
I watched it as a kid. I loved it although I don't recall much of it. Once I saw he was Henry Allen, I knew the new Flash was gonna be a great show.
What a strange thing to ask. Here's an iconic comic book family you probably know about, but don't research the part and don't read comics. That honestly makes 0 sense to me.
You seem to be in the very small minority.
I feel like Tasky has the potential to be a A-list villain but no one ever uses him to his potential.
I went hybrid on Gambit. He's a bit tougher to do stuff on than my MK even with the same upgrades on gear.
MKs nerf wasn't as bad as it was made out to be. We lost some mitigation but gained more DPS from avatar being buffed. Honestly it made the gameplay way more fun.
I just powered him to 60 over the weekend and he's great fun. Dash in and out of fights. And once those combos land the big numbers fly.
Moon Knight.
I was hoping the art gallery Vanessa worked at in Daredevil was a hint at Marc Spector being introduced.
This is what I do every Monday. I pick a new hero I haven't played or worked on in a while and I push them to at least 50. Keeps the game interesting and it helps me find a hero I might like.
The first couple episodes had a yellow tint to them. That was the homage.
Apparently I was way off. It was his dad's boxing robe apparently. But I did read something that said it. But ofc I can't find the source. Who knows.
Second this. I refuse to play anyone else beyond just leveling to 50+ because I absolutely LOVE his mechanics.
Did you read the book? It explains it. I was a bit skeptical too until I read the series. And it was damn good.
Want me to spoil it? It's a fun read.
Yeah that struck me in a bad way, but wasn't it a different writer for that book?
Since I main Moon Knight I save Cestus and Spiked Gauntlet since they are my main 2 attacks. I also save my signatures cubes as well. Honestly I think it just depends on your spec.
Only thing I got is he was still Thor when everyone else picked it up. They've heavily implied the hammer is sentient.
Moon Knight is far from what he wants.
He gave it up. It's not like she beat him in a fight. (Although I'm sure she would have lost) He tried to will the hammer back but it chose Jane Foster.
Crescent fan is the closest to a aoe MK has but it's not a hold down and decimate button. Doesn't suit MKs play style of low hp/spirit.
I don't even use it in my current build. Kinda lackluster and CF does more damage with the bleed tick.
Dunno why this isn't at the top.
You gave me a heart attack at work before I saw your edit. I was gonna be a mad sonofabitch if I lost my whole purple prestige and all my comms from this morning.
I can confirm if you bought a hero/costume in the last week, you'll log into the BOGO boxes.
Start the game through the actual steam client and it should que up the patch download.
If it was within a week, yes
Idk man. That worked for me. Maybe restart steam?
Project Titan? The canceled Blizz game?
I got her xforce costume from my bogo box.
Yeah that's why I wanna go with it now instead of later.
I still have red and orange to go through so I don't think I'll have time to cosmic
I can't wait for that costume. I honestly check the store everyday hoping they stealth added it.
Batrocs, Pelt, Spear, Xorn, Kraven, and Lat Cloak.
I prestiged MK orange and red between last night (logged off at orange 50 to watch Seinfeld with the wife) and finished red up around 8am. Debating the cosmic grind now.
Then they should have made it a Matrix from the get-go and not MKI
What sucks the most is I used it to determine if I liked a hero enough to buy them (Starlord), made me think about buying them (Ms. Marvel is only 100 ES from being bought) or made me not like them at all (I'm looking at you Ghost Rider). Bummer since I had a few more to test out (Psylocke, Taskmaster and Venom)
I got one. Vikstyn IGN
If you can kill cosmic terms in a timely manner then go for it. If not then having massive amounts of hp defeats the purpose.
I opened all mine. Kravens Vest, Batrocs Boots, Lat Cloak, both ManApe uniques and Shocker Gauntlets are what I've got. I say go for it. Open em all.
Is this high school?
How many posts are you gonna make crying about the same thing?
I'm trying to grasp as to what Gaz owes you. They're providing a FREE game for you to enjoy and you bring nonsense entitlement that they OWE you something. You act like you're the only one who bought boosts for the weekend (you're not) and got a less than satisfactory leveling experience (you're not the only one). Instead of being pissed about it, why not wait and see what's going to be said and done to remedy the situation. Edit: I came off soundin like a prick and that wasn't my intention. Everyone is upset like you. Instead of being brash, give it a day or 2.
I'm pretty sure you can get enough shards on the second log in day to get a hero to level to 60 to raid on.
https://forums.marvelheroes.com/discussion/135118/list-of-artifacts-runes-insigs-current-ongoing-prices-and-trading-courtesy/p1
Anytime. It's dated but it's a starting ground.
I'm with you. Huge difference between a power and a gun/wrist cannon
Moon Knight from Blue to Red prestige (orange and red in one day) Ms Marvel to 60 Hawkguy to 60 Finished capping heroes from 30 to 50 (Wolverine, Thor, Storm) And grinded out about 509+ omegas with no boosts
AFAIK Ms Marvel got her unis sorted out.
Haha thanks BBV. I'm sure my wife is THRILLED with my current state of heroes.
No Moon Knight..
DC is scrambling to catch Marvel at this point. Not including the TV shows in the DCmovieverse hurts them in the long run too.
He's fun, but if you want to buy him I'd say no. Random box like I got him he was a fun level.
I'm sure my red named Moon Knight impresses her.
I saw a Werewolf by Night book coming. Maybe he will be in there
That I don't know. Haven't done one on him and I usually raid on MK
http://www.bleedingcool.com/2015/06/28/60-confirmed-expected-rumoured-and-assumed-marvel-titles/
I just hope he's not like he was in Secret Wars Journal.
There's a difference between being interested in that stuff and committing murders..
The story explains why there's tons of the same hero. But seriously I hope this is a joke.
Let's see. You just called the main guy of a game you play a fat moronic slob in so many words and you got banned but claim you're "not surprised"? Give me a break. There's no place for that shit anywhere. Matter of fact, call your boss that and see where you end up. They don't owe you shit. Stop acting like they do.
Slap subpar gear on a non-Godtier hero and tell me how that works out for you.
You only get them for log in gifts.
They probably realize not everyone is gonna go opening night to see BvS. Makes perfect sense to me.
Such a slow and boring process. Story 100% with a MM or a LQ or 2 thrown in.
IF does cost Chi if you have it to spend.
It's been said Elektra is in this season.
The anaconda from Anaconda?
Not announced yet. And why not play now? Get a hero established.
I hope you're kidding. She had 2 weeks on TC while the rest had a week at most. The less than stellar feedback on Kitty was so bad they basically had to redo a few skills.
I know we don't ever get along but I back this 100%.
Oh chicken little, the sky isn't falling..
Minority Report.
Zoolander
They nerfed the XP from terms to prevent boss rushing for omegas. But CMM on Mondays is where it's at.
Equip relics on any hero to save space. It's not too expensive to unbind them.
Time to unsub from wtf I guess.
Yup Universal has him on lock.
What he said. Also I was awaiting your comment here.
Holy shit. I almost wanna join that campaign for Carnage now.
That has 0 to do with it. They haven't patched since before Xmas.
You're right. I heard e-u-n-o-y-m-euonym!!
What does that have to do with it. WoW would be down every Tuesday for hours and they have a lot more employees than Gaz does. They also haven't patched since Iron Fist, which was the week before Xmas. Shit breaks, especially in a months time.
I have a feeling he's gonna be Doom 2.0. Summons tree with a melee side.
So you've been banned since beta. That's neat.
Says the guy that deleted the post. Go grab another drink.
Don't you know that one? Jean is in the middle of it.
Do you have a link? I've never seen it or the rebuttal.
Why are they shitting on him?
I remember it being awesome and a highlight of the prequels. So I watched it on YouTube a couple weeks ago. It's pretty awkward and not as great as I remembered.
If you and your lady friend are interested, my SG is teaching Axis to the inexperienced players we have. Send me a PM and we can chat if ya like.
Well Matt's issue is the religious aspect. In the comics, at least, he walks the grey area between what he feels he should do as Daredevil versus the Catholic faith and being a servant of the law. Hes a very complex character that struggles with the right (being a Catholic lawyer) and wrong (being a vigilante while having this stigma).
I didn't watch the clip you posted but it's the tank scene in IM1 right? I think excessive force was allowed for Cap and IM. It's always for the greater good. But if DD was killing people in Hells Kitchen, it would bring more attention to himself than he possibly wanted. Hence the all black Man Without Fear costume and hiding in shadows.
Maul is a badass that was severely underused.
He didn't kill Kingpin.
It's the value of items. Like mane is 15+ GoKs, SWGN is 5-6 GoKs, etc.
Was it the Guardians bug?
Dammit. I think you're right.
It's a figure of speech. I dont need to look it up.
What has he been in recently thats good?
That's not what I asked. He's been in some good stuff and I even like Wild Wild West and I'm looking forward to him being Deadshot in Suicide Squad.
Never thought I would see the day the bad overdub of that scene would be relevant.
Was it Fido?
Do you even know Super Skrull??
What I mean is, you should know why he has rock hands.
Well he was a Skull champion. He got modified to have all of the FF powers. He's a great character and played a part in the first few issues of Annihilation.
https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelheroes/comments/41apmj/up_to_date_trade_values/ Same one was posted 4 days ago. Did you not use the search feature?
Reggie is my most hated player and favorite player. Dude could shoot the lights out.
That son of a bitch!
I was hoping its Ms. Marvel taking Surfers spot.
Gunn doesn't like Nova so he won't show up.
They have. Moon Knight got his texture pass a couple months ago and it's for the better. I get it, you like how the original looks, and unfortunately you're in the minority. Everyone is getting touched up eventually. It's just something you have to come to grasp.
That's not even in the same ballpark. As far as I know, every single costume is getting updated. Whether you like it or not. Agree to disagree I guess.
Nope.
His 30 for 30 is so good.
Nope. She's gonna be the lawyer for Danny Rand and help run Rand Industries.
