&gt;breitbart i ain't clicking that shit
&gt;rival you have to compete for a rivalry
no
&gt; Go watch some TV. &gt;go get spoon fed a biased opinion nah.
&gt;Hillary claims ISIS has been using videos of Trump (past tense) &gt;nothing turns up, clear and obvious lie &gt;Hillary fabricates and edits a video from 2013 from al-Sabaab and tries to use that as ammo &gt;even though it's NOT ISIS and IT'S A FUCKING FAKE a very low energy edit
Better than being a cuck like bernie. &gt;raising some slut's kid &gt;too weak to stand up to BLM protesters &gt;can't control his mic &gt;apologizes to that criminal harpy fucking Hillary
They will win, gabbert will throw picks and be on the floor most of the game. We will get top 3 pick since we will get the one above CLE since they blew us out and the already one a divisional game.
&gt;What else can I help you learn about Trump? Tell me how he's going to make America great.
Tomsbula is the worst, he's lost out there and he is in over his head. Every press conference after a blowout loss he say something in the lines of "we are going to keep the same scheme, we don't need to change anything" The players look so low energy out there, missing tackles, failing assignments, giving up on plays, and drawing flags; it's a huge mess. I know we have lost alot of core players, but there is no excuses for the low discipline on this team. He hasn't prepped them enough in practices. He hasn't said anything about the terrible play calling on offense,and the suspect play calling on defense. Who the fuck does zone coverage on Antonio brown? Get em out of here
just stop, you're getting blown out.
[&gt; Once you are fully grown, you will know this.](http://i.imgur.com/eCLZm2A.jpg)
Because the NO defense was one of the worst ever, Sean doesn't pick defensive players, or create defensive schemes.
49ers Sean Peyton
Muh dick
&gt;mommy mommy, give me the jet so I could pick up Sean paypay &gt;mommy warm me tendies
This season went by too fast. It's like the time between the first game and today never happened. I need to get my life together
&gt;TYT into the Trash. "I do yoga" "i'm very extroverted" this video sucks.
they're getting stronger
That sense of optimism that we are going to do good and that our young players are going to step up
&gt; Greg Oden he isn't fucking 27,
They aren't winning games anymore, they are losing to SEATTLE, CARDINALS,RAMS. The other team are bringing blitzes, linebackers, stunts. They need to build a big beautiful wall around their quarterback. They need to get rid of all the incompetent coaches and replace them with smart people. This team is ran by stupid leaders folks, it's ran by very stupid people. Here you got Jed and the majority of the faithful hate him because he's a complete moron. He fired one of the best coaches they had since Walsh because of locker room political correctness and brought in a tired,low energy, and un-charismatic man. He can't get his team motivated to win games, he's terrible. I'm sure he's good at other things like pizza making, sure. However coaching isn't one of them. People, let me tell you, the only way this team will be great is if they fire all the incompetent coaching and draft great players. You need to get rid of Jed and bring back Eddie to make the forty niners great again!
our coach was fired a year ago.
Hoping he does a Robert Dwyer
beards are for dudes with overbites.
pete is like 70 going on 12
&gt;tfw BB will retire soon
seattle is hot.
I don't think I could take another seattle win.
the great rustling many tears shed the dust hasn't settled
Some people fuck dogs some people eat dogs some people are sexually attracted to the same sex some people fuck dead bodies some people are suicidal some people are pedophiles some like soccer some like football some don't eat meat some people do some people drive a ford some drive a Chevy some like hunting some like boating some people like the packers some people like the bears some like the Yankees some like the socks and some people are Nazis, get over it, It's 2016.
I bet the dinner they're having is god tier
Carr&gt;teddy Wilson is a top 3 if not top 2 QB in the NFL right now. Anyone who denies that is delusional. Hopkins&gt;ODBJ Romo should retire and Dallas should get Goff there i said it.
&gt; Trump planted him to sabotage the dems &gt;all that asspain on /r/sanders would be glorious
trump's interview got 3k dislikes in minutes. I despise that cunt Hillary
what? root beer?
That's like being CEO of Subway then being demoted to sandwich artisan.
If you don't like it than get the fuck off the computer.
mark sucks a good dick
lel
I'm to lazy to log in on yt
Eric mangini or Geep
Holly shit he's a cuck
I had a dream I met Lynch, kam, and some others at a convention. They all signed a blue toy sports car I was carrying for some reason and Pete was jumping around all happy and shit. Someone stole the autographed car and I fond it under a concrete bench in a massive building that was at least a mile high. Then I woke up. I have no idea what that means but it was strange.
She's hitler's daughter. Somethings habbeing.
If kelly gives yourk his tendies, he's good
what do we have to lose?
&gt;no mayonnaise &gt;no lemon &gt;no tomatoes What a shit recipe
I'm calling it how I see it. Seattle will win in CAR in blowout fashion. &gt;best receiver is ted gin JR &gt;against herman &gt;the only reason why they won last game because wager was out and lane is back It's going to be over by the 3rd quarter and cam is going to cry about lynch doing the superman after they lose the game and go 4-12 next season.
Holly shit. rams go back to LA, we get chip. wat a time to be alive.
MODS!
&gt; If you're in the US, the gulf, Texas, and oil fields are where the $ is not anymore.
/r/The_Donald would be the best place
Can someone make another vid of him saying "wake me up" instead of the original lyrics. For example the last seconds of the video were pure gold.
Canadian's BTFO. Canada on suicide watch.
do you have alopecia ?
that's what the teaches used to say all the time.
They killed him until he was dead
This is going to be a fun ride m8.
They will win a Superbowl in our lifetime.
they acted like Kaepernick was invisible when he ran against them
Ivonka Trump&gt; munn, no contest.
Nah. This game is going down in the books as one of the greatest playoff game ever. I feel honored to have watched it.
I know that feel bro. Us uglies are truly second class citizens that are on another program compared to all the normal looking people.
it was apart of his plan. 1/16 was a inside job.
His Daily routine &gt;get up &gt;make coffee &gt;eat halal breakfast &gt;tell wife I'm heading to work &gt;go to building with sward and chopping wood for a few hours &gt;warm up &gt;get call from the boss &gt;they ask me to remove head &gt;hang up and sigh &gt;get picked up and taken into a random ass field in the middle of nowhere &gt;say a few lines &gt;slice off head &gt;head back &gt;go home &gt;eat &gt;fuck wife &gt;sleep &gt;repeat It pays the bills but I could imagine it being mundane
The internet is serious business.
I like to do 2 things at once, when I leave the house I take out the trash.
&gt;not working at a grocery store that isn't a super walmart Winco,Safeway,Costco gives great bennies and you don't need a education. I want to be a school janitor because they pay good and the bennies are good too.
with cruz, you lose
His favorite burger is the discount double cheese
He doesn't dance, he does the truffle shuffle.
no
No one is equal to the Donald. the trump stumping has gone global.
fuck. Still qt though
Taylor swift
thanks fam
With cruz you lose.
If you're objectively ugly you will know.
This can be good. We sucked last year
Kill BILL
Trump should get a restraining order for what he did to Jeb.
&gt; Chip has proven he can be competitive without a top tier QB. He reminds me of BB
People who are in relationships are more driven because they have something to work towards.
The syrup game aint no joke.
He looks like the type of guy who blows the guy before he watches him fuck his wife.
This is why they advise shouldn't drink during pregnancy.
Looks like Steve from blue's clues.
He wears a hoodie to hide his mantits.
&gt; I want drugs to be legal one day. I want testosterone to be legal.
[I made this picture for you randlet](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/054/227/ecc.jpg)
who else here fucked up their life?
I don't think it was fun.
We are witnessing dangerous levels of autism, seek shelter or leave immediately.
Goodjob op. Never give up the window seat.
actually this sounds good.
source
We are getting stronger. we must shill to promote the growth of this place.
You should start lifting. You have great genetics and could get huge fam.
oy
Buying overpriced filters to be pretentious.
You could throw them over the line of scrimmage.
Just a group of youth being a little out of hand.
&gt; I won't mention the reasons why this is specifically happening in the USA I'll do it for you, it's cultural Marxism. We were all indoctrinated since grade 1-collge, the pendulum will swing to the other side in our lifetime. But we will be old.
So is isreal, we should follow them
You could burn 5 hours on a video game and it will feel like minutes. If you're going through depression video games are a great way to pass the time fast. They say suicide is the quitters route. But if suicide is the easy way out, than video games are the easy way though.
moar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrNxH6VM3H0&amp;feature=youtu.be this is neat
&gt;tfw want to help myself &gt;tfw know what too do &gt;no confidence or drive to do it worst feels
Because I told him i was here for doing bad in school and he said, "they lettin stupid motha fuckers in here now, I thought this was just for tickets, haha, dumb ass" Ever since then I was bullied. I finished up and never looked back.
Ok Hawking. Let me put my space helmet on and crawl into my space cannon, then shoot myself into another planet.
You could smell the cat piss through the screen.
Carson palmer is breaking other records.
&gt;wanting more reddit to go on there stop
Carson Palmer looked like Ryan Lindley out there.
&gt; but I would rather let her be president for life Enjoy WWlll
Only if she flings her dirty diaper at trump
Feels good to be a old guard.
gibs me that. that would be my answer. I would take the whole thing.
&gt;tfw witnessed the birth of that meme during October of 14 &gt;tfw you will never go back to that time
Did the kicker get heckled on the ride back after the Seattle game?
&gt;peas in a small pot bruh
&gt;SI Joint I never knew that existed
they are big guys 4u
tfw it's too small for a rubber anyway.
Because they use enough makeup to eclipse the sun and still have some leftover to paint a fucking wall.
Crime,heat,poverty.
&gt;meanwhile hernie is kicking the homeless out of their shelters in January.
I'm living that dream. I can't wake up.
BUUUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ, SWHOOOOOOOOO, CLICK CLICK CLICK. "this isn't going to hurt one bit"
I've lost more money to cops due to bs traffic tickets than robbers.
Like being pulled over for a broken break light and getting fined $125.
Tfw people without jobs get to vote on where our taxes go.
where do i get trump stickers?
&gt;it doesn't mention how feminism destroyed the family unit
I'm getting tired of these bernie cucks.
Someone sent me a link on how it destroyed the black community, can't find it anywhere but it was eyeopening.
It's funny how they roasted Palin because she was Donald's running mate, but let lena dunham who fingered a her sister gets no heat.
torn meniscus
&gt; I'm new to the concept of meme magic you just entered the rabbit hole, now lets meme a earthquake!
&gt; Dangerous stuff to say the least and since it's unknown I think the government knows about it, that's why they want to regulate the internet. Now that we have found out, it's too late. The final meme will appear and bring about the biggest collapse in history.
it's the wrong way too. Fucking bernie cucks
I believe in the future they're going to put those fitbits on fat people on SSI to make sure they get exercise or their government benefits get cut.
Or just get handjobs.
They are the bronies of politics.
&gt; iam also very drunk &gt;on reddit Degeneracy at its finest.
tfw trump wins California
Trump 2016
Civil war 2 when?
Anti cummies = pulling out
Make coffee great again !
It's going to be a impenetrable. It's going t be a real wall, no one is going to get through it,believe me.
ALL THOSE FUCKING NORMAL FAGS KNOW ABOUT PEPE FROGS REEE
AIRHORN
Best tomatoes I've ever had.
tfw no libtard gf
&gt;I don't lose sleep over the tears of people like that
She has some nice tits.
Those who keep saying "right side of history" are going to find themselves on the wrong side of the wall.
Same reason why people get upset when their team loses big games. Your parents have invested so much in to you and want you to succeed. When your dead you don't have a chance to win anymore. Even if you are 28 or 35 and still a hkv hiki. your parents still have hope, once you die, it's gone.
nice try
He should abolish the patriot act.
another one http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/poll-has-europe-let-too-many-refugees
&gt;You probably don't make the cut. Because I don't have a vagina.
Daily reminder if you were sleeping in the street. There are people who would beat you up and steal all of your belongings.
Can someone tell me exactly what this "progress" is?
Attack trump something bad happens to you Seems to be a trend going on here. &gt;Curse those who curse you, bless those who bless you he literally is being watched by god
&gt; that's why they call it "programming." holly shit, never thought of it like that.
Not even Bill would.
Report it to FOX.
Finally, a real happening!
&gt; Seems to be a growing problem in a lot of first world countries Because there's nothing to really live for anymore. The modern world is surprisingly a depressing time to be alive. Marriage is dead, over 50% of them fail. Jobs hop up and leave, house prices are high, wages are low, tradition is nonexistent, and suicides rates are the highest they have ever been.
so it begins. 1984.
https://i.sli.mg/ki6ebi.png
I don't think the average american really cares about foreign policy. They care about things that affect them like their jobs, social security, and immigration. I don't think Hillary is going to do well in the debates without the teleprompter.
She's being questioned by the FBI, and has broken a law(made a mistake) and It's highly likely she will be going to the pokie.
&gt; she broke a law by mistake Wow, she's not guilty now. &gt;DNC doesn't seem to have a problem with her campaigning. Because it's either her or insert Joe Biden.
These protesters will be voting for Hillary. They're "the educated" voters.
They're supporting Hillary by default. Soros whom is a donator to hillary is paying for these to happen.
No, they're the "well educated democrat voter base" CNN keeps talking about.
He looks lost out there, honestly.
Look at all these faggots picking up trashy gangster culture. Gangster rap was a mistake.
More of the "educated" democrat voter base intelligently backing their stance against those ignorant Trump supporters.
this is really depressing.
lets get hm fired
Complain to his bosses by the 100s. He'll get fired.
Hillary should be on there too. The mayor of SanJoe should be on the top of that list because he essentially let rioters to go after them when he told the cops to stand down
I can't wait until trump unleashes on her for real.He hasn't yet, but he has been taking jabs. She blew her load too soon and at a bad time (during the NBA finals) This is going to be good
&gt;I'm building a wall. It's an inherent conflict of interest Why are they trying to spin this as race bait? The lawyer has got deep ties with the Clintons, he inherently dislikes trump because of that. CNN is trash
make a original post and with just the petition, He has to resign
how old are you m8
But you have to have sex to have children.
This is the "educated" democrat voter base CNN shills about.
WE DID IT REDDIT!
fucking this.
Just like how the elite want to take your guns and tear down the border wall. Yet live in a huge house with big walls and armed guards. It's only ok if they have these things, it's racist or unprogressive for you to have them.
the internet died when all the normies got faceberg.
you can't trust a berg
meanwhile at based bing
what would it be like to have hllary as your mom? She would have psychotic bitch fits wile doing the dishes or worse
&gt;Trump is evil he then proceeds to kiss hillary's ass
