Yeah I really think he's going to take Sam's advice and run with it in the completely wrong direction...
THAT'S where I know her from! Thank you!
I think it's important to ask these questions and think critically about choices like this. But in this particular case, I end up being OK with it. Piggybacking off what /u/dtorr said, the casting of Daddario as the daughter of the Rock (mixed race) and Carla Gugino (white) seems plausible to me. Would it be *nice* if they had cast someone with more of a mixed race look? Sure. But personally I don't think San Andreas is guilty of the same kind or level of offense as Aloha, not by a LONG shot. (And I'm not just talking about Emma Stone here.)
&gt; what if Emma Stone best fits the role the director was aiming for? What if All the Hapas auditioning just didn't quite capture the right mood for the movie? The odds of that are extremely low. The idea that not a single mixed Asian actress could have done as good of a job as Emma Stone -- in portraying a mixed Asian character, no less -- is fairly preposterous. And I say this as a big Emma Stone fan. But even if it WERE true, how about all the other characters? How is it possible that a movie set in Hawaii can star an entirely white cast? I think that's why this grates so much. If Emma Stone were just one -- or even one of a couple -- white characters amidst an otherwise racially representative film, I don't think you'd hear as much criticism. And frankly, if they had at least dyed her hair, I personally might be less annoyed. But they made ZERO effort to be conscious or considerate of the racial/cultural field they were playing in. That, to me, cannot be overlooked.
Hm, okay, it's possible I'm being unfairly influenced by the fact that (1) Daddario looks so much like she could be Gugino's kid, and (2) the Rock is relatively light-skinned and ambiguously ethnic. I'll give it some more thought. Regardless of that, I maintain that even if casting Daddario for a mixed race role is as bad as casting Stone for one, *Aloha*'s cultural/racial problems are much larger than *San Andreas*'s. See my comment on this thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/mixedrace/comments/380puc/im_not_buying_emma_stone_as_an_asian_american_in/crru92m So I think the larger context is at play for me too, whether that's fair or not.
LOL at the red vs. green routes on that map. Can you link me to the discussion on this point?
Yep. I thought everything Tyrion said when he was processing (out loud) what his advice to Dany should be in regards to Jorah was brilliant. I'm just surprised he didn't point out that Jorah was, in essence, right. Jorah didn't trust Dany to forgive him -- and she *didn't*.
Oh yeah, I'm not excusing Jorah's deception. I'm just saying that Dany proved his mis-trust to be founded.
Yep. I think he's going to attack Tormund, with the intent to kill. :/
Maybe I'm cold-hearted, but I kept turning to my husband and saying, "I don't feel bad for her at all." :)
Thanks for sharing! I love all of these ladies, except Schumer who I don't know but keep hearing about.
Right?! Pretty much "overnight." (Except I know that overnight success is always anything but.) Anyway, just finished reading the roundtable and I really enjoyed it!
AH I love this idea! I dunno if I'll re-watch all of them (esp with SYTYCD having moved to Monday nights) but I'll definitely pop into the discussion threads. I actually didn't watch JtV until after Gina won the Golden Globe, so I didn't see the pilot until quite some time after it had aired. I liked it enough to watch episode 2, but to be honest, I wasn't 100% hooked on the show until episode 3. I was also more interested in Rafael (for Jane, not myself) when I first watched than I am now. :P
Not even for her and Owen?
I think this answer is most in line with my predictions. Not sure about the April/Jackson storyline, though I love them together so I'd prefer for them to work things out. I think Amelia and Owen should get together too. And I absolutely think Shonda will try to break ER's record, as she has said all along. I mean, if she didn't decide to end the show when Patrick Dempsey wanted out, then what would be the point in stopping now? I'm pretty sure Ellen Pompeo has indicated that she's on board for as long as it runs, because it's good, stable work and has provided for her and her family.
It's a spoiler for anyone who isn't caught up with the end of this season.
Ah, good point. You're right, it doesn't suit him, and if I think about it some more, Amelia probably wouldn't want to live in her dead brother's custom-built dream house. (I wouldn't!) But I would love for their place to go to someone meaningful...
Fallingwater
Just thought this was interesting! Her yard in particular is beautiful. You also get to see her adorable daughter a few times. Here's Patrick Dempsey's too, which I might actually like better lol, because I'm all about openness, light, and Frank Gehry: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0rM-eyNiDU And of course they both have copies of Gray's Anatomy (the real book) in their homes! *Edit to add: OK after watching the whole video, I basically want to live in Dempsey's home/family! Makes me even sadder that they're splitting up...*
&gt; lazy/overweight clone Lol this is a great question, with some great comments already, but now I'm just trying to picture Tatiana in a fat suit.
This this this this this.
Haha, I wondered the same thing, but I highly doubt it! Airstream trailers are just kind of popular.
I'm not exactly sad that Rudy is sick...
Good point! Also, I'm indifferent to spoilers, but a lot of people care, and might not be happy about the title of this post being so blatant... Just a note for future posts, I guess, to maybe use a spoiler tag.
No judgment, just complete understanding and acceptance of what's important to him. #truefriendship
[s5e09](#s "Wish Davos had taken Shireen there...")
Lol whoops, didn't notice, decided to err on the side of caution rather than the side of possibly getting my head bitten off! Thanks for the tip.
Good points! &gt; And the commoners? There isn't much they can do. Previously I'd been thinking along the same lines as the OP -- that this all started bc Jaime pushed Bran out the window to protect his secret with Cersei, and now that secret isn't a secret at all, so what was the point? But really, we're in a bubble. The perspectives that we are privy to are typically the players in the game of thrones, not the regular folks. Most of the commoners probably don't know about Jaime and Cersei, or don't believe it. (Or don't care, hahaha.) So that would easily explain a lack of rioting on their part.
All the violence on this show, and your comment still makes me wince and shudder.
I once liberated a raccoon from a pasta sauce jar. He was so dazed when he first got out, but then he scampered off OK.
Love your theory. But personally I think Grey's has hit the resisting-retirement stage of life lol...
Hee, these early episodes were so great! Sorry I missed the re-run last night (watching the US women's World Cup match!) but was this the one where she and Rafael fell into the pool? Lol I loved that. In general, I liked Rafael a lot in these early episodes, because he was really going out of his way to protect Jane and let her make decisions that were best for her and the baby. (Granted, this eventually led to him *over*-protecting her, even to the point of lying at times... But like I said, that comes later.) Meanwhile, my sweet beloved Michael began acting shady (which IMO is not true to his nature, but he was panicked) by allying with Petra and keeping secrets from Jane. :/ I'm glad he eventually came back to himself.
Oh, I looooved what the milkshake anecdote revealed about Xiomara, and how she was willing to do anything (even humiliate herself and look like a self-centered bad guy) to protect Jane from pain. &lt;3
10/10 would buy them all! I also really appreciate reading the thought process behind each design.
I like the idea, esp to practice my Spanish... but I also don't want to be spoiled for what's coming!
Two down, one to go.
Body double.
Almost.
It was a good ruse. I totally thought he was gonna show up zombie-style.
GOOD POINT. WHERE WAS GHOST?!
Did anyone else cheer when Myranda went splat?
"I never heard *that* story..."
Lol as I recall, Alba wasn't exactly the toughest cookie when it came time to lay down the law with Rogelio...
Interesting theory! In 3x09, Cosima was looking through Shay's file, and the camera lingered for a moment on the line about her siblings (which I am of course now blanking on, but maybe someone can find it?)... o_O I'm sure no one would mind extra Ksenias running around.
He was a great friend and mentor to me, and to so many young writers at Carnegie Mellon. I'm very saddened by this loss.
&gt; So I make sure they get diabetes before they head back to Taiwan. LOL yeah seriously. Sour gummy worms, good to know! At my aunt's suggestion, we brought them dark chocolate and Werther's Originals this time. I guess it's just cheaper/better from the US...?
I loved the bathroom scenes! It really got to the heart of how bonded the group was. And their lack of appropriate boundaries, lol.
Agreed. This will surely be an even more unpopular thing to say, but I've been wondering if there's a way to donate to the shooter's family in addition to Sonny Kim's. They're going to be dealing with similar expenses, but without the outpouring of sympathy and goodwill from the Cincinnati community.
THIS EPISODE IS PROBABLY MY FAVORITE. THAT MOMENT BETWEEN MICHAEL AND JANE AT THE BRIDAL SHOP = &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
From an "important gay couple" storytelling standpoint, Cyrus and James are a solid example. They were one of the things I loved most about Scandal early on. (Before the show went downhill...) From a "healthy stable long lasting gay male relationship" standpoint, I think we might need to look elsewhere. Without going into major spoilers, let's just say that Cyrus and James had major, terrible issues. Honestly, I think /u/Firecrotch2014 has a point: This is one area of diversity where Shonda has not excelled. I'm sad to say that I hadn't noticed, but I'm glad it was brought to my awareness. After all, becoming aware of problems is the first step toward creating change. Anyway, it's kind of strange -- and clearly frustrating to some viewers -- though I'm sure there's no malice behind it.
That's an awesome gesture, and the girl looked so cute as a mini Vic! (I also really appreciate that the parents are responsible about TV. They were like, "Haha no worries we don't let her watch these mature shows in full.")
&gt; I have to say that being spoiled makes it so much better. \^_\^
Hah, your flair got me for a second there.
My friend got married there! It was a small, lovely "pop-up" style thing. :)
Maybe everyone else knew about the Cincy connection already, but I didn't, and I thought it was awesome. The article I linked to is also quite a nice profile of him and his late husband and what led them to the Supreme Court.
This particular pic might be old, I don't know, but I picked my husband up from the airport last night (or technically today? whatever) around midnight/12:30 am, and when we drove by, Duke Convention Center was definitely lit up rainbow-colored like that. Part of the last "i" was out though.
Wheeee, welcome to the party!
&gt; The fact that she's doesn't have her own chair in a psychiatrist's office and that she's not taking a handful of drugs daily just to be able to climb out of bed every morning is a testament that the writers of this show have never once thought about delving in the real psyche of a human being. Actually, that's a good point. I never thought of it before, but I would love to see some/any of these characters seeking professional help for the trauma they witness and endure. Mental health has such a(n unnecessary) stigma, and surely seeing some of our most beloved characters (who are in the health field!) pursuing and maintaining their emotional well-being would be a positive thing for viewers.
Not that new, but I do love this ad. Note that the dad has a disability too!
1. Overall great banner so far. I like the players, I love the way it's been unveiled, and I'm looking forward to seeing the finished product. (Including an actual photo of LeSean, though kudos for this Photoshopped one.) 2. There seems to be a lot of pointing in football.
I don't ship it, but... I wouldn't be mad either. :P
Just a warning: Cincinnati dim sum will not be as good as Seattle's. I'm from Houston (which has a huge, fantastic Chinatown) and the dim sum here satisfies my cravings but doesn't impress.
Found this while searching for material to make a banner: http://images.en.yibada.com/data/images/full/63933/cw-tv-series-jane-the-virgin-season-2.jpg *Edit: Also this, lol! http://kingoftheflatscreen.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/12002316_1640767572839064_7479022417049063252_n.jpg*
Monday, January 25 at 9/8c Source: https://www.facebook.com/cwjanethevirgin/photos/a.1437403416508815.1073741828.1425838674331956/1669224063326748/?type=3&amp;theater Also, lol, they made a countdown: http://www.countdownto.com/jane-the-virgin/
OK I think we've probably waited long enough. Also, the mod here also commented elsewhere on reddit a few days ago, so I don't think I'm going to be approved to takeover this sub. Shall we begin on /r/UnREAL? cc /u/trejdeksnis /u/NinjaPixies
Lol. Don't worry, we are. Previously we have been chatting at /r/UnREALtv, but actually the moderator there doesn't seem too active, so a few of us have plans to revamp THIS sub for the show. Check back in soon!
Yeah me too, but I don't know what other choice we have? Unless we don't care what the sub looks like. If we take over and spruce up /r/UnREAL, we can still link back (in the sidebar) to the S1 discussion threads that are here.
Personally I don't think we need to delete old posts from here. Maybe I'm just an electronic hoarder, lol, but I feel like it's nice to let things live on in posterity. I do think we could have NEW discussions at the new sub, though!
I'm always on board for a floppy eared puppy. &lt;3
When we do, let's try to word it politely? :) cc /u/skippybosco /u/NinjaPixies
Can you be more specific about where / how to get there? I'd love to go check it out!
Wow, thanks so much! This is awesome. OK it might be a stupid question, but is this relatively safe to do? I'm not concerned about the subway system itself, but more like if kids/drug users/whoever go there and might cause trouble for unsuspecting explorers.
I mean, point taken, but if this particular section is always unlocked, then my question still stands. I would like to do the official tour someday.
&gt; Huang also says he doesn't see himself making a return to the show. "I don't think so, and it's not like I'm upset, it's just that it's not for me and they're doing fine without me. I don't think the show needs me, nor do I need to be a part of the show. It's its own kind of organism now. That's fine. I put a baby up for adoption. It's tough. It's hard in the beginning but you live with the decision you make." He finally gets it!
Am I the only one who finds this joke to be in extremely in poor taste?
I will second Om Eco Cafe on Ludlow, which offers a special (delicious) brunch menu on Sun mornings, as well as a jazz quartet that usually starts around 11 AM. (Note: As always, if you sit close to the musicians, it's hard to have a conversation, so just consider your needs when choosing a seat.)
Because they're mocking it, not actually trying to do anything positive/productive.
Not make fun/light of it. Seems pretty basic to me.
Some of us already don't listen to WLW. Some of us just come to reddit, where people post things for comment.
Coincidentally I just did a self-guided mural walk around OTR/downtown yesterday! http://www.artworkscincinnati.org/public-art/mural-tours/ I don't think Art Works includes the murals on the NKY side of the Roebling Bridge, though. Those are great too. http://www.yelp.com/biz/roebling-murals-at-the-covington-riverfront-covington
Spoiler: It's a pic of her and Oscar Isaac from the Golden Globes last night. :)
"I'm taking this home for the Empire."
This would be my top recommendation as well. The bread basket alone is to die for. And they have valet! Top dishes: Gnocchi and bolognese. *Edit to add: Via Vite right on Fountain Square is like the little brother to Nicola's, and offers the same great gnocchi and bolognese for slightly less cost, plus gives you the ambiance (but also busy-ness) of being in the heart of downtown. If you park right underneath Fountain Square, you won't have to go far. But Nicola's is probably still more convenient.*
"Not too bad" is an understatement! I think La Poste flies way under the radar in this city.
You're totally entitled to that opinion, but could we please avoid using the word "retarded" in this fashion? Just one of many reasons why: http://www.denverpost.com/commented/ci_10351963 Thanks.
-_- This is not good news for those of us who would like the Sin Rostro storyline to wrap up... Also, I'm confused: &gt; Urman also teased some other characters that will make appearances in the back half of the second season, including Petra’s new baby... BABY? As in, SINGULAR?
A few years ago when I realized how hard it is for mixed race people to find donor matches, I joined the national registry. It's very simple to do, and it can save lives! (Note: if you change your mind later but are contacted about a match, you are not *obligated* to donate.) Please consider joining: https://bethematch.org/
Just noticed the .related-page issue myself and fixed it. Where would the .other-discussions-page come into play? Like, I don't know where to look or what that CSS applies to.
Update for those who are curious: Never heard back from /r/redditrequest people, which is disappointing. So those of us who wanted to mod /r/UnREALtv started making a new subreddit at /r/Unreal. Just as we were about to launch, we made one last attempt to contact the previously unresponsive /r/UnREALtv mod, and s/he actually added one of us as a mod! So we got what we wanted, just not in the way we expected it!
Thanks! Found and fixed on my subs.
All of the above, I bet! I'm excited for it too, though. I think the show can say/do a lot with that.
The City Museum is SO cool! Totally not recommended for pregnant women, lol, but great for quirky-loving active types and children.
Haha thanks, I think. :P Loose wiring is my first (completely layman) guess too. Or yeah, maybe temperature sensitivity of some nature, because we have landscaping lights that seemed to need cold rainy weather to stay on. But low voltage landscaping lights are more prone to being finnicky, from what I've read. Either way, they're acting stable now. Another thought is that *maybe* I didn't screw the inconsistent bulbs in tightly enough? Truth be told it's a pain to drag my 8 foot ladder out onto the porches to reach these things, and it's frigid outside, so I've been too lazy to check that, but I probably will next week unless someone here gives me a different suggestion.
Bad connections meaning I didn't screw them in well enough? Or in the wiring itself? Is it a fire risk?
+1. I essentially married into being a Bills fan 10 years ago, and this about sums it up. Honestly, the Bills are my #1 more because of Fred Jackson than because of my husband, lol.
Love 'em all but... \#2 - What is happening on Brett Dier's chin and how do we make it go away? \#19 - SO CUTE.
Thanks for the tips! I will try soon and report back. Out of curiosity: Are bad sockets difficult/expensive to replace? In the meantime, is it fine to have a bulb in them, or is it a safety risk?
OK thanks, I will get up there next week and see what I can do about making a better connection!
So true. My husband wears his Bills hat all over the world and we're always getting stopped by fellow fans.
I think it's unfair that you're being downvoted. Your opinion is valid, answers the question, and adds to the discussion. The downvoters are kind of making your point for you.
Similar to what /u/malsb89 said... What I like the most: Positive changes/growth I've seen in Cincy over the past 10 years. We're definitely trending in the right direction. What I dislike the most: Lack of diversity (and I don't just mean race).
Yep! I came from about as far south in the US as you can go, and I can tell you for sure, Cincy weather is far superior to Heat, More Heat, Heat Again, and Slightly Less Heat.
It does have the perks of a big city, but it doesn't have the *feel* of a big city. Basically, it's not as bustling. Nor as liberal. Those can be pros or cons, depending on who you ask.
I don't watch Agents of SHIELD, so can anyone weigh in on whether or not he's good in that? He's certainly handsome! http://kimmyerin.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/E53A6275.jpeg
Love that Shosh is actually going to be in Japan! Wasn't expecting that. Also glad that Adam Driver is still an active participant, even with the Star Wars (etc) stuff going on. And YES omg friendship in your adult life IS so often about being scattered and trying to hold onto each other! So glad they're exploring that.
My husband is from upstate NY. Once, early in the relationship, we went to visit his parents in June -- SUMMER -- so I packed shorts and tank tops and sandals. It was 50 degrees and everyone laughed at me.
Someone please correct me if I'm wrong, but unfortunately I'm not sure there's much you can do right now... You should be able to buy/rent episodes from places like iTunes or Amazon. And if you did that now, you would only need to do 3 episodes and then you could watch the other 5 free from the CW. (Btw what do you mean by "quick cuts"? Pretty sure the CW offers the entire 42 minutes, same as broadcast.) Otherwise you probably have to wait for Netflix to get it in the fall. Another option, if you have DVR, is to set it to record all showings of Jane the Virgin for now, and see how many you get. They might rerun some from earlier this season.
&gt; Frankly, I think Jane should take a break from both Raphael and Michael and hang out with Petra for a while. I could get behind that! In fact, it would be really interesting and potentially funny to see what kind of (mis)adventures Jane + Petra could get into. And maybe they could even buddy up Michael + Rafael for a while? Imagine how much tougher the choice might be (for Jane, for us) if these two guys actually LIKED each other.
I probably will in the future, because I'd like to update them too. Do you think it's a fire hazard right now though?
Thanks, just wanted a little reassurance! (Or, you know, urgent warning to fix it asap, if that were the case.) I'm obviously not going to hold anyone here liable. :) I don't think our fixtures are historical, so it sounds like if re-screwing in the bulbs doesn't fix things, I should prob get the fixtures looked at and changed by an electrician.
I think you are spot-on -- *especially* if this were real life. The only thing I will say in Michael's defense is that I don't think he had a "scheme to **coerce** Jane." She originally *wanted* to give the baby to Rafael and Petra, and he tried not to let that fall through. (For a short time.) That's still not good, not good at all. But it's *less* not good than coercion. *Btw, the subreddit now has flairs -- a few presets, plus one completely customizable -- if anyone wants to have some fun with that!*
Kinky Boots at the Aronoff -- just saw it and loved it! Today is the last day, with 1 pm and 6 pm showtimes. If they're not sold out, it's definitely worth checking on cheap tickets.
Yes, thank you for pointing /u/shockhead to the right subreddit. Long story short, we thought we were moving over here, but about a week ago things changed and now we're not. I'll put up an "official" redirect link!
This is awesome! I'm particularly pleased because I agree with some of the major category winners here more than I did with the Golden Globes.
Upvote bc you presented another side to the story, which contributes to the discussion and probably the OP's understanding of the controversy (certainly mine). You didn't even necessarily *support* this side, so I'm not sure why you're getting downvotes. Sigh.
http://imgur.com/aaIJj48
http://imgur.com/fHDBrgx
Thank you! :)
Yeah, I'm a bit torn due to his role as her professor/mentor. He's super hot, but I'd also love to see a positive platonic relationship in Jane's life. Plus there's the age difference and the power dynamic...
I just googled and you're right, he's 6 years younger! But I think Jane is supposed to be about his age (25).
FYI the "contest mode" banner doesn't display right. It basically gets trapped behind the top padding/margin of the comment field. I fixed it for my subs but wanted to give y'all a heads-up!
Yeah, I was pretty disappointed with the "preventative maintenance service." The tech was super nice (which makes me feel guilty for feeling disappointed) and he seemed to know what he was talking about when I asked about specifics... but he did nothing! I've already gotten recommendations for other heating companies. :/
So you're saying that you think the high pressure is due to excess water getting into what should be a closed system?
Yeah I was wondering/worrying about the fresh water coming in... The HVAC tech said it would be OK to go through the rest of the heating season this way if needed, though? Unfortunately the expansion tank is not currently plumbed so that we can just isolate it and replace. We would fix that if replacing.
I think someone else mentioned that the showrunner promised a wedding this season, but didn't necessarily say it would be Jane's... Found the comment: https://www.reddit.com/r/JaneTheVirginCW/comments/3srgj5/is_it_selfish_of_jane_to_choose_michael/cx01nkb (OK it wasn't about whose wedding it would be, but still.)
This is more or less what I wanted the HVAC tech to do. He claimed that you're not supposed to change the pressure of the expansion tank once it has been installed?
OK I'll try and listen for it! The service tech who came out did mention that if we replace the tank, we may want to size it up.
The way it's plumbed, we can't just isolate the expansion tank for replacement. We'd have to drain the whole system, that's why he suggested waiting. Well, that and the fact that we couldn't reproduce the problem while he was there, and it's only happening occasionally. :/
Sorry but I honestly don't know... I have one of these: http://bostonheatingsupply.com/TriangleTubePE110LP.aspx
Thanks! I love stuff like this. Pretty sure I found https://www.instagram.com/emilyseeks/ thanks to this sub too!
OK thanks for explaining that! Btw, per your earlier suggestion, this morning I turned the inlet valve to off to see if that changes anything. So far no noticeable difference but I'll monitor through tonight.
Ummm it looks like this: http://imgur.com/zwRwAQ5
OK thanks! I will try that later today. (Just can't babysit the gauge right now.) And yes, to my knowledge, the boiler was installed in 2011. Not sure about the expansion tank specifically but I assume they would have put in a new one at the same time.
How cool! I keep hoping to see my house on one of these Cincy architecture accounts! But I think mine might be a little on the plainer side...
So I pulled up the connector at the base, but I don't notice a difference. :/ I'm updating the main post with 2 pics and some info about what I just tried.
I pried up the tab at the base but I don't notice much difference. The inside of the socket doesn't look dirty to me, but I'm updating the main post with 2 pics and some info about what I just tried.
Argh, OK. Thanks for the heads-up. I do want to change these out anyway, but is it a safety risk to use these for a little while longer so I can find lights that I actually like?
Great, thanks so much! I really appreciate your help with this.
Clicked through for cute pic of cheetah cub + puppy friend, got sad (but nice) story about death of a majestic creature. I honestly thought "says goodbye" meant she was just going to another zoo or something.
Lol not your fault. In retrospect I should have known. I still enjoyed reading about Sahara's life.
I think so too! That's why I clicked on the thumbnail, haha. I met one of the cheetahs (Savannah) a few years ago, it was really cool. Actually, I just wish this story mentioned more about Sahara's dog friend, Alexa. Is she still alive? Does she know Sahara is gone? What's she up to now?
OK I haven't turned the heat up high yet, but I *have* been running the system at its normal setting (68 degrees) for over 24 hrs with the manual fill valve off, and it *seems* to have little to no change. Pressure is slightly lower overall -- sitting around 14-15 psi and going up to 16-18 psi when running -- and there's still some water leaking from the pressure relief valve, although I think it's less than before. No *dumping* of water from the pressure relief valve, but we haven't had the single digit temps we did last weekend. Does that tell us anything? I can still run the experiment of turning the heat up, I just haven't had the time to pay attention to what happens (I'm assuming I need 20-30 min?) and probably won't until tomorrow morning. Also, are there any dangerous/negative consequences to running the system with the manual fill valve off like I am right now?
&gt; A few thousand Westerners are thought to visit North Korea each year, and Pyongyang is pushing for more tourists as a way to help its dismal economy. Arresting visitors is not a good way to convince people to come.
In case anyone doesn't click through: it appears the spinoff will not really be seen on the show, but rather will be in the form of webisodes. So it's like bonus content, I guess.
This is awesome, OP, thanks! Also, fingers majorly crossed for the UC/Clifton extension!
Poor Diane Guerrero. Obviously she's done well for herself, but that's got to be traumatic. &gt; To ensure the stories Jane planned to tell were as authentic as possible, Snyder Urman very intentionally filled her writers room with people who have diverse backgrounds. \*applause\* &gt; “She listens to real-life experiences and pulls from all these beautiful people she loves and admires. … She listens to the things we want to be a part of and she finds a way to bring them into the art because the fusing of art and social responsibility is the most effective way to change a culture for the better. She’s a socially responsible artist, and I freakin’ love it.” \*moar applause!\* I love how socially conscious this show is, and I love reading about how intentional that is for the writers and the actors. AND IT'S STILL SUPER FUN! Why do more shows not understand that? *Side note: Gina is really eloquent and smart, but lol she does drop in those f-bombs, and terms like "jerked off," that just kind of remind you she's keepin' it real.* *Also, I might have to make "She's my Willy Wonka" my new flair, lol.*
OK I spent WAY too much time with my boiler this morning. :P For context, the weather is about 29F here today, our thermostat is usually set to 68F, and the water supply valve to boiler is turned off right now. Around 11 AM, I kicked the thermostat up to 72F and went down to the basement to babysit the furnace. Over the course of the next hour or so, the pressure went from 15 psi to 25 psi, and water temp went from 118F to 145F. Around noon, I realized 72F probably wasn't necessary and I bumped the thermostat back down to 70F (and also made myself some lunch). It had only reached about 69F anyway. Around 2 PM, I was basically losing my mind (even with my phone to keep me company down there) so I set the thermostat back to 68F so it would shut off and I could see what would happen next. 45 min later, the pressure is down to 15 psi, water temp down to 110F. Sound good? Also, there's a sort of clicking/knocking sound in the PVC piping that runs outside for the gas exhaust. That's normal, right? *Update 3 hours later: Pressure is down to 14 psi, water temp is up to 130F, thermostat reads 67F even though it's set for 68F. Wondering if I need to open the inlet valve again to account for the water being lost through the pressure relief valve? Although it's not very much water...* *Update a few min later: OK thermostat hit 68F and furnace powered down. Maybe I just caught the tail end of the cycle. Still not sure about the 14 psi though. I thought 3 stories should have 18 psi?*
Looping in /u/Blast338 /u/trashedd and /u/11787 on the update I gave /u/notthestig to see if it adds anything valuable, because I really appreciated your responses earlier! I also keep wondering if the high pressure from our main water supply (100 psi -- which has now been repaired with a regulator bringing it down to 70 psi) could have caused premature failure of the automatic intake valve on the boiler system, possibly allowing a trickle of fresh water into the closed loop and maybe contributing to the previous pressure spikes?
This brings such a smile to my face! Also, ditto /u/just_another_classic.
Yep, still leaking. So they can clean the auto-fill valve versus replacing it?? I figured they'd have to give me a new one. Thank you SO MUCH for all your help. I think we're on the right track here, and it has given me much relief.
Doesn't he?! Rogelio is such a great character. Welcome to the show and welcome to the sub! NEW EPISODE TONIGHT!!!! I'll be posting the discussion thread in a couple hours.
Sorry, one more question: Is the pressure supposed to rise while the system is running, and if so, by how much? I ask because I'm worried that the expansion tank might ALSO be faulty (even though it sounds OK when I knock on it...) in addition to the leaking pressure relief valve (and the possibly compromised auto-fill valve)?
OK great. Going to call the HVAC tech to come back, and I have a list of things for them to check/do!
Have you checked the Cincinnati Parks options? http://www.cincinnatiparks.com/reserve1/
HERE WE GO! :D
Wait, Michael and Rafael are good now? I... don't remember that? OOHHHH was that a dream?! Geez, way to confuse me, show.
LOL how long do you think they had to wait, filming the baby in Gina's arms, until she got sleepy?
Prediction: Michael is going to say/do something that helps Jane connect with her students. *Edit: OK I was clearly wrong but I'm glad to be. Jane solved her own problem! And comparing P&amp;P to a basketball game is hilarious.*
Yay! Hi!
Yeah, great work by Yael Groblas in that scene. Just the moment they focus on her face with the sound kind of muted into the background was so heartbreaking. :/
I hope it's both funny and progressive. ;)
The more, the merrier!
BWAHAHA accomplished! Both with the bucket list revelation, and then making it about him.
"OOOHHHHH that's gotta hurt! Let's see it again, but in slow motion."
I'm totally for this Rafael &amp; Petra ship, just sayin'...
Rogelio Subtlety De La Vega.
Nooooo, don't haunt Petra! Just let her have babies and get back with Rafael and be happy! :(
OMG RAFAEL! I DID NOT SEE THIS COMING!
OK EVEN THOUGH THAT SCENE FROM NEXT WEEK WITH HER PROF IS OBVIOUSLY A DAYDREAM, I AM STILL ON BOARD.
No worries, I'm sure they didn't kill him. It was probably just a tranquilizer. :P
"Seriously stop asking about how much we weigh!"
Yeah you know, I don't care much about who Luisa or the woman cop dates, BUT at least if they're together, the woman cop should be a good, stable influence on her!
As a short woman, that's how I feel every time I am around high schoolers.
Thanks for sponsoring this! I'll get the new look up and running as soon as I can.
I'm still reading the article but just came back here to share this exact quote!
We'll be ready and waiting! :)
&gt; To those who exist interstitially between cultures, outside acknowledgment becomes a confirmation of identity — something you desperately crave when you aren't quite sure of it yourself.
YAAASSS. My fave P&amp;R side character. I die every time he laughs at one of Ben's jokes.
Is it my imagination, or before the commercial break didn't she have a flower pinned in the middle, and then after the commercial break, nothing?
Oh thanks, I somehow missed that the bug was IN the flower. I thought she got it from her purse.
NO WAY! REALLY?! Omg Jean Ralphio was so annoying, lol. I cannot picture Jane with him.
Oh, I'm sure in real life they're great, and I'm happy if they're happy. :) But both characters are so strong in my mind, I just keep imagining JANE and JEAN-RALPHIO, lol.
Exactly. Although Jean Ralphio is basically obnoxiously into anything/everything female... :P
&gt; I feel like there is plenty of literature on resource guarding, and someone gave you a good link for that issue, so I'll speak on eating with too much intensity. Thank you. My dog doesn't truly resource guard, but he is INTENSE when eating (and right afterward). I wish there were more information about this issue, and how to "fix" it. I've worked with him a lot -- primarily using tips aimed at resource guarding, and then adapting them based on my knowledge of my dog individually -- but he still relapses on occasion. It's frustrating.
What is a "cancer-jockey"?
What an odd thing to say. Clifton is one of this city's most charming neighborhoods.
Ah lol ok.
Not really. http://www.neighborhoodscout.com/oh/cincinnati/crime/
Perhaps we just have different opinions of charm.
Raidsonline.com is a great resource that I already use and that also supports the fact that Clifton is not "one of the most crime-ridden" neighborhoods in Cincinnati. I linked to the other site because it offers a quicker visualization of the data.
Yeah, when I talk about "lack of diversity" being the one thing I don't like about Cincinnati, I don't just mean race. I really mean the rich diversity of thoughts and experiences and cultures that comes from a place that has more people coming and going. I grew up in a very large city and that more than anything is what I miss. But I think Cincinnati is trending in the right direction, and there *are* pockets of diversity here already.
&gt; how do i communicate this to him without sounding like someone who's sensitive about race, or like i'm trying too hard to be seen in a certain way? What you just said here communicates it well. If he's truly not aware of his reactions to your "whiteness," then maybe you can just point it out like you did here. *"You may not intend this, but sometimes it seems like you're uncomfortable with me when I 'act white,' and that makes me feel bad about being my authentic self. I really like you, and I would like us both to be able to be our natural selves around each other."* Ideally this would be the start of a productive conversation with him. He might respond with something like, *"Oh man, I had no idea. I really like you too, and I don't mean to seem uncomfortable or disapproving. I'll try to be more aware of myself, and maybe you can point out when you think I'm being weird."* Or *"You know what? I am a little uncomfortable, and here's why."* (I have no idea where it would go from there...) Apart from all that, I want you to know that it's OK to be sensitive about your identity, and especially about your experiences of being rejected by your own family and culture. That's tough, and you shouldn't have to pretend to be OK with it, to your boyfriend or anyone. To be frank, it sounds like he wants you to be someone you're not. (And why?) That's not a good foundation for a partnership. If he can't see and appreciate who you are, I recommend reevaluating the relationship.
Yay, thanks for heading this up! Can't wait to watch with everyone again! Also, if anyone is on the fence and wants a reminder of how awesome this show is, you can watch the first episode free on iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/tv-season/unreal/id991463660?mt=4&amp;ign-mpt=uo%3D4
Do we think the City of Light is like a Matrix thing?
Indra + Pike = lurve
Lol. I have def been wondering where the term comes from. Hope they'll explain it!
Grounders aren't enemies by default anymore (S1) and no more Mountain Men (S2) so yeah, time for a new bad guy! Although we'll see how ALIE turns out. I think Ice Nation *might* be a red herring, and she's the real problem, but we're meant to go back and forth in believing in her.
With his current attitude, I'm not exactly going to be sad if he gets Finn-ed.
Dunno why but my thought was suicide... :( *Edit: J/k, Ice Nation. Much better. In a weird way.*
I always loved Wells and wish things could have turned out differently for him.
