Ugh they are just the worst..
Yeah dude I did III about six months ago. Did tomahawk ribeye and the Mac. Hella.
I thought El Tiempo was moving locations soon?
You have failed us, pleb.
Triggered.
Fuck Houstin festivals in the SUMMER WTF. Why the hell don't we have a Winterfest?! I'd love to goto a fest in a hoodie. People are going to die his weekend.
Just saw this on FB too. The wife was looking over my shoulder and was like "if I hit Like in JJ Watts photos, will it always pop up in my newsfeed?" I was like "yeah but he doesn't spam and it doesn't pop up all of the time or anything", and she goes "no I WANT it to" JJ the home wrecker
o7
/r/RedditFoxtrotBBofc and get with/u/Mrha about the GroupMe
Yeah boi
Or Houston..
Gas stations usually have microwaves.
I'm jelly
Spread em out more dude
On one hand, great! I think Meyers stumbled in the beginning of the year with all of the changes, but he caught on quick and became solid again. I want him back, but on the other hand it makes me concerned that Filo and Jones haven't been able to play up to par so far. Which is a depth issue now. Meyers isn't a spring chicken and Center is a key position.
Bortles: 9-7 Mett: 8-8 Luck: 16-0 Before anyone balks at the first two, we went 9-7 using four different QBs. I'm being conservative.
Me too but he's right.
Yeah yeah you guys are good.
Be awesome.
As a salesguy that drives all over town daily, it's a great game. However, it sure does slow me down. If anyone was tracking my car they'd think I was having constant seizures zig zagging all over town.
It's a good speed.
Jesus Christ man
Fuck tubular
It fucking tastes good.
Yes, but it was a rowdy kids function. Not a rowdy black kids function.
I know a thing or two about karma, and this man is correct.
Is
Yayo
Rollin hard af
Where
Yeah I am straight up baffled here. Foster is probably top 3 RB in the league, and definitely top 5. He puts the fucking team on his back and has been killing it for years. Did I mention he throws touchdowns now? And we're debating him vs Forsett, who wasn't even next to Foster on our depth chart a few years ago. He was behind Tate! I could understand Foster vs Charles, Lynch, Bell, AD, but Forsett? Wtf?
Probably a flair switch will be in order.
Hold onto your butts. We got a good preview on Memorial Day. Assume it'll be that +20% for a safety factor.
I need some good news. HBO really put me in a shitty mood last night with Game of Thrones and Silicon Valley finales.
It was funny most of the time, but I hate that it's always 1 step forward 2 steps backwards for them. I just want a win at the end of an episode/series for once HBO. Y u do dis
My thoughts exactly. It's becoming an unbelievable formula.
I'll fight you
Bonus "making of" shot: http://imgur.com/LsB6eRV
I believe that the Houston apocalypse had been rescheduled? Oh well free day to "work" from home. I don't think 3:30 is too early to start drinking?
Don't listen to this person. Doors and windows are by code supposed to have thicker overhead beams, even in non-seismic areas. It's not a bomb shelter, but atleast categorically more stable than this guys iron table.
Name it
You are way harder than me. One pizza. Be cool.
remindMe! Whogivesafuck
Roasted garlic is great in the cheese mix.
We call them grasshoppers in Houston.
So about 53 on 53
Not complaining homie, just making a commentary at how trumped up it was.
If you meet the requirements, request with the password, then yes
Summer sucks.
Store bought
Well NOW this sounds good. Before it was bunk
Hot
UGGGHH
You just have those on a cue card in your wallet or something?
I totally understand. And emus *are* ridiculous.
It's nice up here in the VIP box..
Awesome series. Saw it for the first time a few years ago.
Esso is rad. Stumbled upon them last year and have caught them twice live since.
I thought that was the anal sex game too?
I have to say man, Cajun cooking just ain't for you. Nothing in here is spicy, except for the sausage, which isn't much. Not sure what you're using for Cajun spice, but that's your issue. However as a Texan I'm usually ADDING jalepeno and spices
I can't read good
Do you honestly think the Executive Branch can't generate some fucking paperwork?
How else do you get it out?
I love Hipster Hulk!
Glad we cleared up which team ole Megatron is on these days.
I'm a big Antonio Brown fan but Megatron is the best wideout in the NFL.
Texas here, you don't even need to goto Canada.
Do another Mr Quote Maker!
You're in California.
I'd scrap the email scripts and just try to do lunch once a month until it's time.
Yeah I've been steady cruising my news feed looking for my crazy inlaws to chime in.. quiet so far. I might head over to Free Republic to get my crazy fix
I want to downvote you just because I read the word "work". Shit sucks right now brah.
I like mine with a touch of nutmeg and shmegma sprinkled on top.
You're right, you've probably already worn his ass out
Or just take uber and you don't ever have to put up with bullshit
Yeah nothing on your uniform matches for some reason.
You can tell its Houston cuz it's a slab
You literally have to click an acknowledgement about the surge before it will start. You cannot miss it.
Baby come back!
Neiman Marcus has a good outlet store on like sage and westheimer next to Kenny and ziggys
Dick pushups son
Hooka.
Probably rained right after.
Looks fucking awesome though dude. Nice job.
And it can be not good and a dead-end job..
Quarterback is an interchangeable position.
On the up
Yeah that would be alright I guess
Clowney out = career day for Mercilus
Naturally
Well that's fucking bullshit.
FADE EM
Almost did it last year too.
I don't know?
Dunno but we were at the very bottom of the power rankings
I came down here to the bottom of the thread to taste the freshest of tears
Damn near had a third this year
Yay us!
Yeah, I'm not super excited that 3/4 of our division have franchise Qbs..
So beautiful!
Wins what now?
Yep
NAMASTE
**DPOY** First person ever to get 3? And he's only 26! :D
Why?
I'm going to miss the jokes the most
We just don't care for pleats.
D:
*TIM-NADO!*
Miss you Fitzy!
They both do from time to time, also they've been using Clowney a lot to seal off the edge for running plays.
I swear Blue trucked him too.. maybe I dunno I was drunking
4th from the left in front has some potential I suppose.
HELL YEAH. Where my prize at /u/lovetape? I misspelled Weeden. Lol "mallet" where did that weird typo come from? :D
O girl
U mad me?
You won't be the only Brit!
One more time
&gt;star pass rusher Whoever typed this is a butt. Career game for Mercilus incoming.
Rooting against JJ Watt is rooting against America.
Oooh Bob sprung for the BIG flag today
Fucking great.
CMON Texans. Don't ruin my fucking day.
I'm going to be pissed off this afternoon, arent I?
Quit picking on the rookie!
Help us Nuk, you're our only hope.
Stop trying to make Blue happen.
Quarterbacks are gay anyway.
Why does Northrop Grumman put out commercials? OH BOY guess I'll go out and buy a cruise missle!
I don't give a fuck that was awesome
Defense putting this fucking game on their backs
Hoyer, go wait in the car.
Whoa was that a Chalie Boy song on that Toyota commerial?
WE FIXED THE FUCKINGG FIELD
This was obviously what I'm referencing..
No more hats for us :(
Gee I can only imagine losing my team..
Well atleast I have a chance at winning $800 million tonight, so I got that going for me.
Fuck off, we beat them, and they should have won their division
Safe nowhere.
Rest up, sweet prince.
😐
I'd be alright with a stubbed toe as well
I call
Sorry to hear about the funeral. The kicks are not personal, and we hope you do come back.
Aww tittysprinkles!
I found Johnny Dang!
Id say the opposite.
Well now I know what to do if I win the powerball.
Still holding out hope that we release and resign him to a lower rate. He's got family here and said he wanted another year or two, it's not impossible. Either way, :(
How bad was the surge? I want to know how much lube to bring for Uber tonight.
We gon get fucked.
Less of a waste than the powerball I guess
i do not
H Town represent
I liked Kung Fu in the beginning but now half the arcades are broken and the other half are shit to begin with. Plus delta bravos.
Why must screenshots be in a self post? Doesn't make sense.
I'm always intrigued by shipping container buildings. I've been in an office building made from them and it was pretty cool. Only problem is that they can be pretty loud. I wonder what the cost savings is.
Is that the place with all of the goofy shit on the walls?
Yeah we're not letting up either, however op does have a point.
I wonder how many hours it would be if you added up all of the time that Manning spends yelling about shit before he snaps
They rode the defense
Literally the only bar in the area worth a shit besides dealing with City Center.
Brand new music from Seether and Metallica coming up next, from 2011 and the Black Album!
yes.
And yet.. /r/trees has about 800,000 subscribers Lol
/r/funny
Be sure to make an intro thread!! Everyone wants to know who the new people are and what their interests are, that way they can respond appropriately!
Coming in hot
C
Nah bruh
Make a horse shoe and fuck it
a shop dog got pregnant and made puppies so I "rescued" one
They do.
Oh thank god they are making another cops and crimes show..
Phil Simms should just make fart noises into the microphone.
Riverboat is savage.
.
It's like Headline Ad Libs with oil these days. Just fill in the blanks: "Oil falls __ percent in __ day(s) due to _________."
From what I understand, we are like the Saudi Arabia of gas, so why not take advantage of it (assuming it's true)?
And butter.
Strawberries and black pepper.
It was the offence's plane I guess.
Why zap the top?
Yep, mombutt jeans, neon Ray Bans, and disco rap is fucking eveywhere.
I dig the pro bowl. I like seeing all of the best on the field at once. The best playing at 70% is still fun to watch. I also like hearing the coaching calls, and I think it's interesting to see the fun plays they call. I also dig the jerseys.
And nobody wants it :/
✌️✌️✌️
Spy!
Thugs
Bullshit, he didn't take four steps, make a football move, put the safety brake on his car, change pants, and the lacquer his deck. Incomplete pass.
I just realized I'm portraying lots of lines, but you must realize I'm giving you the most popular places all at once. If you feel neglected on any category, let me know. Either way, it's all good.
I meant vs another section somewhere else in the bible.
You guys are hilarious.
Red leader, checking in.
That's how you get a beetus.
Read /u/touchmyfuckingcoffee iama I'm a sucker too. Miele is in for its yearly maintenance right now lol
Weird, I saw it while riding back from Sugar Land last night, and I watched it for a few minutes for some reason. It seemed really bright? I think maybe you're right that it has been off for awhile, because it really stuck out for me for some reason last night. I was about 7 beers deep but still.
WHERES THE GODDAMN PROBOWL FLAIR?! riot.
Stream /r/nflstreams Just like all of the time.
