&gt;Though gridiron, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are known here as the "Big Four" sports, soccer has surely ousted ice hockey to join that quartet. Nah.
I know what you are referring to and it was NBCSN not NBC. Also that's an incredibly misleading statistic. EPL face almost ZERO competition in the US for their timeslot, while the NHL is going against other large sports leagues and primetime TV. Also, every single NHL game is on TV, while that can't be said for EPL. In addition, fans of the NHL teams may be less likely to watch on TV because many will be attending the games, while that is impossible for EPL in the US.
Well for some teams at least...
&gt; the Marketers haven't gotten into the heads of Millenniums the way they have for previous generations. This just isn't true. You just target them in different ways. The millennials have been figured out for a while now. You need to offer value with your advertising. That's why companies like Buzzfeed have taken off. They are literally a giant advertisement, it's how they make their money, but they provide entertainment to people. Same thing goes for event marketing or sharing native content on social media. It works incredibly well.
The actual reason cheerleading isn't considered a sport is because it doesn't follow a unison set of rules across competitions. While sports such as gymnastics and boxing have judges, the discretion is judged against the same standards in every competition. This is not the case for cheerleading.
&gt; Depression is not a personal problem, it's a medical problem. Medical problems are personal problems. He wasn't kicked off the US Team, but his boss decided that his lack of involvement beforehand would hinder the team if he were selected. FMLA and ADA do not say that you are entitled to a position or job if your disability or disease prevent you from performing that task. If you took a sabbatical from work because of depression at a marketing agency and then came back and were not performing at the incredible success rate that you were before, you should expect to be put on a team for your company's biggest pitch in years that they were preparing for the entire time you were away.
&gt;In real life, outside of an academic setting? Not really. I'd almost argue the opposite. In the real world, you are judged on the end result, no matter how hard you work. If you're simply more naturally talented, or can think of better solutions, it doesn't matter how hard you work. Obviously hard work matters, but to claim talent doesn't is pretty naive.
This is no different from the rules for Union fans at PPL Park and everyone has been sucking Union fans' dicks since we've entered the league. NYCFC really isn't any different. It's ok to love to hate them, but it's silly to think that SKC or RBNY are any more "organic".
Yeah I honestly think it's silly to claim that traveling doesn't give you some insight and perspective that those who don't travel generally lack. Every new experience gives you more perspective, and traveling to another country is one of the most new and different experiences you can have.
&gt; If you're a person that uses those terms in a league you have to buy your way into I guess you'll take legitimacy anyway you can get it. Yeah pretty much. The point is none of the teams themselves are organic. Fandom is pretty much all organic, even if marketing is involved to get people there. The Union is still a business like the rest and Union fans are no more organic than NYCFC fans. We're just more negative.
Ok and then you can say the same to literally everyone else bashing them. Judge them in their third year, not their third month. Or can you only judge them if you have a negative opinion. Also, launch to market is a huge indicator of success further down the line. They have created great top of mind awareness and built great momentum in their brand equity in a busy market with a high barrier to entry. I'm judging them on the terms of the article. They are doing a lot better than any other MLS team I've seen that has launched in a saturated market.
&gt; Does Fifa get paid based off number of viewers for the world cup or have they already sold the right for T.v. for this world cup for a set amount? In a roundabout way, yes. # of viewers will absolutely effect their future contract negotiations.
Dude honestly I don't care enough about this topic to really read everything you wrote, sorry. Just skimming: Chivas USA failed because of bad management, marketing, and apathy. NYCFC could easily avoid their pitfalls. There is too much money to be made for them to simply "stop caring" and having 2 organizations in the ownership group helps prevent this. &gt;and I just don't see how throwing more money at the problem solves the problem Look at the current state of the Yankees and Man City. Their current ownerships (who collectively own NYCFC) literally did exactly this and built 2 of the strongest sporting brands in the world around it. Also, nothing about NYCFC's marketing in NYC screams Man City at all. It's all entirely focused around the idea of a NYC team. This is 100% different than what Chivas did.
Haha yeah, I just don't get why this is even a post on the sub haha. I've seen a lot worse MLS gear than this hat.
All he had to do was work hard and keep his mouth shut and would have gotten over $11MM over the next 2 years. For an old as shit O-lineman, that's fucking amazing. I get that they want to max out their time in the NFL, but at what point do you just realize that you aren't actually worth any more to the team? I'd argue he already had an insanely good contract for his situation.
It's about the team name not the organization itself.
They're probably even better than a simple sample. Parents are more likely to be older, and older people are more likely to vote. Edit: If you're going to downvote me, read my post further down that pretty much proves my point.
Parents of children in Kids Pick the President (they aren't going to be young children, mostly over 12) are most likely going to be in their 30s or 40s. These people have a *much* higher voter turnout than those 18-29. Also, [70% of married parents vote, regardless of age](http://content.csbs.utah.edu/~wolfinger/Wolfinger-Wolfinger2008.pdf). This would suggest that these kids parroting their parents would be much more representative than a polling of all eligible voters. Edit: Also remember that the kids in these elections were calling in and using the internet, suggesting that they were older.
How do you understand that? 1 having a significantly higher open rate suggests that either the sender or subject (or both) is different. The other having a 60% higher CTR would suggest that the email's content is different. I'd be willing to bet there were multiple variables at play.
My dog goes through one of those balls a week, but they are his absolute favorite so i buy them quite often. Try black kong toys. My pit destroys everything else he gets.
&gt; I guess I just have to choose if it's worth having less people read my emails to get more engagements. How large was your sample size? Did you achieve statistical significance. Hypothetically, the body text itself shouldn't effect open rate. Was different preview text (the small part of the email you can read before opening?) showing for each email? It just seems like that difference between open rates is incredibly large to not have been effected by something specific. Did you look at bounce rate between group A and group B to account for that?
There is a breed called the American Pit Bull Terrier, but generally a pit bull can be 1 of 3 breeds or a mix of them. Either way, you're dog is obviously a pit mix, not sure what that person is trying to say.
staffordshire bull terrier
That's some [Paranoid Park](https://youtu.be/6fjoxbyYaRc?t=59) shit.
[I own a brindle pit bull.](http://imgur.com/jtYc4I2) He is a pit bull, people who see him call him a pit bull, the SPCA called him a pit bull and everyone knows what "pit bulls" look like. I'd rather have my dog be an advocate for all dogs identified as pits than run away from the term that the vast majority of society uses and will continue to use. I live in America and I also live in reality and that's what they're known as.
We manage our accounts completely separately, so I don't have an answer to that. Haven't used Marin or DS in a couple years.
AdGooroo
Still, annoying that it's removed though. I don't wanna sort through these comments that are all chronologically based. Post match threads are fundamentally different and that would have been great for discussion. I'm sure there'll just be some article posted about the game that will fill in tomorrow.
5 apartments in the Dakota? Who does he think he is? John Lennon?
This is the one I actually came here looking for. Plenty of people in this thread are listing roles that people simply did well and made their own. J. K. Simmons took an existing character and played it fucking *perfectly*.
This is insanely awesome. Did you think of this idea yourself?
One topic that I think is getting insanely relevant right now is the line that brands are walking between being hyper-targeted to consumers' needs and being plane creepy. I'm actually conducting some research on that now and find it awesome. Honestly, go with what you are passionate about and it will make your thesis 1000x better and will help you in life.
Valderrama did not close to the majority of his career in MLS.
Not sure why you are getting downvoted. I don't see the point in answering a completely different question
He spent slightly more than 1/4 of his career in MLS and didn't come to the league until he was 35. I'm sorry, but he really doesn't fit the criteria of this question any more than Beckham or Juan Pablo Angel do. I'm not saying he wasn't significant in MLS, I'm saying he simply does not fit into the criteria for the question.
Literally started laughing out loud at this at the office. At one point, when I pointed out that Valderamma didn't spend near a majority of his career in MLS, I got the response that "That's not what was being asked though". When I showed that it was, I got the response: &gt;He still spend a good enough time in MLS to consider it, plus being an instrumental player for both the Mutiny and the Fusion. It's like watching a presidential debate. People just completely ignoring the question to push their personal bias and display their (lack of) historical MLS knowledge. Like it's ok if you're a new fan or your info comes exclusively from Backyard Soccer, but don't get mad at me for trying to keep the conversation on track.
Very similar situation with Susan G Komen. They spend their money on the best way to stop women from dying of breast cancer. The hate for them is generally unfounded.
Because I understand how their corporate structure actually works and don't simply regurgitate misinformation I hear on reddit. What are you gonna tell me next, that Bernie Sanders will be the next president? Seriously, just take 5 minutes to google how wrong you are. The fact that you think they "spend most of their money promoting their own brand" shows how ignorant you are. They are actually rated a 96% on accountability and transparency on Charity Navigator, so tell me again how they are clearly corrupt, oh enlightened one.
They are legally obligated to protect their trademark. If they let other charities use it, then it becomes diluted and ANYONE can use it. That means I could walk around legally selling pink ribbons that say "for a cure" on them and pocket the money. Again, do a little research off of reddit and actually learn about shit rather than just regurgitating what you read on this site.
&gt; From what I understand SGK does not donate much (if any) to cancer research. Serious people. Do some fucking research. In 2013 they donated ~$50 Million to cancer research. The hate for the organization is extremely out of control on this site. Their Charity Navigator scores aren't even bad.
Not really. If I ever see "for the cure" I immediately think breast cancer. If I saw someone selling "for the cure" merchandise, my assumption is that it would be going to breast cancer awareness and research. Now imagine if that person was actually raising money for something else and were basically scamming people who associate that phrase with Komen (which pretty much everyone does). That's the entire point of trademark protection.
Exactly. Everyone on here is throwing out general bullshit they heard on reddit with no actual numbers and no experience with non-profits to compare it to.
Ok let's look at this one point at a time. &gt;They donate ~20% to research Ok, and that 20% is $50MM. %s mean nothing, considering how easy it is to "lie with statistics". Their 20% is significantly higher than anyone else's 20% because of their ability to market well. IF they didn't market their brand, they'd be bringing in less than $50MM. That's just how it is. &gt;But they sugar coat it like they are using all donations to fund thousands of clinical studies, building hospitals, and paying doctors salaries. And they aren't. Simple as that. Again, they are not claiming this at all. You are arguing with a straw man. Their transparency is rated a 96/100 on charity navigator, which is generally considered the authority on these things. Just because people are too lazy to look up what they are giving to, doesn't mean Komen is misrepresenting anything. [If you look at their breakdown of expenses](http://imgur.com/cF1SCJ0) you'd see that people completely misrepresent them on this site. &gt;The Rose (TX), Breastcancer.org (PA), Living Beyond Breast Cancer (PA), and National Breast Cancer Coalition Fund (DC) rank all above 95 on Charity Navigator. You can list other charities, like the ones you did, but realize that those charities are not doing nearly as good job at marketing and do not get as many people to donate. Komen donates magnitudes more to research in $$ terms than they do. If anything, maybe they should start spending more on marketing, as it would raise more money for cancer research.
"they sound great" is pretty much as subjective as it gets. Not even worth arguing over.
Again, I'm not saying SBK is the best charity to give to or that they are the authority on everything cancer-related. I'm just saying that people grossly misrepresent them on this site as some evil corporation. I give to breastcancer.org and participate in some SBK events, but I just get pissed off at the misinformation that gets perpetuated consistently on here. Glad to see that there are some reasonable people on here.
This whole fucking argument is about semantics. He said "they sound great". You said they don't. You can't tell him they don't sound great because "great" is subjective. He could have said a duck farting into a megaphone sounds "great" and you can't tell him otherwise. Great is, *by definition* a subjective word. You can not say &gt;they in-fact do not "sound great" from an objective level. because that's not what the word great means. Maybe he personally prefers the sound of Beats, maybe they are they best he has heard, but none of that makes what he said wrong. You said this: &gt;they most definitely do not sound "great" You even put the word in quotes. I'm sorry that you started an entire argument by not understanding the difference between objectivity and subjectivity, but don't bust out the "arguing semantics" talking point when you started an entire argument based on semantics yourself.
Just actually switched from Fios to TWC in Manhattan and I gotta say that TWC is much better for the same price so far. It has the 5G option and is just faster/doesn't go out as much. Just a personal anecdote though.
&gt; Please tell me which signing was a massive step down from the guy before in the past 3 years? Ok, M'bohli. Who else? Exactly. It's not that our team is getting worse. It's that our team is getting better at a much slower pace than the rest of MLS. Say all you want about the players but results are what matters. We're getting swindled by some businessmen than are taking advantage of the loyalty of Philadelphia sports fans. They haven't gotten a dollar out of me in the past year, and won't until at least Sak is gone. You can call me a bad fan all you want, just know I'll be laughing at you while I spend that extra pocket women actually enjoying and feeling good about myself instead of getting scammed.
I'm sorry but you just seem uninformed on the situation of the club. It's pretty obvious from an inside perspective that even with a great coach, we'd be mediocre at best. When you don't have a starting quality left-back for years, coaching obviously isn't the root of your problems.
not from a PPG perspective.
Carlos Ruiz &amp; Danny Califf both had odd exits.
Sugarman's money is from realestate. He was in talks with MLS in 2007 to bring a team to Philly and was ironing out the details, with the announcement coming in Feb 2008. Coincidentally, 2007-2008 coincided with... [The recession](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_crisis_of_2007%E2%80%9308). Why did the recession happen? [The Housing Bubble burst](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_housing_bubble). It's easy to point fingers for the financial situation, but we basically got insanely unlucky. Can't blame MLS for that.
That's not earlier than the rest of the crash. The US Housing Bubble hit its peak in 2006. There was a decline until the actual burst where shit hit the fan in 2008.
Doesn't mean he has to, or will, sign with them.
Yeah, but things change, that's all I'm saying. He's not exactly waiting in reserve.
I really hope so. It's insane to me that he's STILL only 21. After witnessing [This play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW0eCjm9KqU) in person, I knew this kid was going to be special.
The defender got a hand on the ball and he had to grab it again, if you really watch. It was also in the biggest home game of the year, down a touchdown with less than 30 seconds left. Playing under pressure is a key attribute.
Christian Bale undeniably channeled Jim Carey for the role. Especially in [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WdEL8DzvaM)
Boots is a unique soul.
It's more about the cap space than the money for him at this point. We're thin, and he is a huge part of the reason for (even though you can put it all on Sak, really).
Damn, knowing the difference, that would have sucked as a kid.
If my family member was making their first start for another city's sports team, I'd honestly probably still come in Philly gear...
&gt; but when he got into office nothing changed at all I'm honestly interested to know how old you are. Because if you think things have not changed, you really haven't been paying attention. The economy is insanely stronger, the economic stimulus worked, he saved the auto industry, implemented socialized health-care, established net-neutrality, implemented Dodd-Frank to reform Wall Street, ended the war in Afganhastan, repealed don't ask don't tell, raised standards for fossil fuel emissions, gave the FDA power to regulate the tobacco industry, and pulled a major 180 on stem-cell research support from the Bush administration. These are just things I thought of off the top of my head. Seriously, to say that nothing changed is to ignore reality.
Or your mental health issues you may be having outside of your normal social life. Social indicators are not always caused by social problems. A good deal of people self-medicate for depression, anxiety and a variety of other mental health reasons.
How do you know it wasn't random people that planned the whole thing for a random party of people they didn't know?
&gt; I don't understand the MLS suspension if he's getting this harsh of a suspension from Open Cup He's an employee of the league. He conducted himself in the spotlight in a way that negatively reflects on his employer. He's getting punished, just like anyone would at any job.
Yeah, but she lost money in the divorce, she didn't gain it so that makes no sense.
She probably married him because she liked him? She's worth literally 40x what he is. It makes zero sense that she would marry him for money. She also offered him $10MM as a divorce settlement. What you are saying literally makes no sense, just stop.
Why wouldn't she actually marry somebody rich and famous then? The only reason 99% of people who know who Humphries is, know of him because of her.
&gt; Or perhaps just auto-forward to their own phone number. If you could autoforward it to another one of their numbers it would be hilarious.
&gt; I haven't met a racist person, or anyone who hates gay people. I'm sure it hasn't come up in conversation, but this just can't possibly be true. Racism and homophobia manifest themselves different in the south than they do in the north, and there may just be different indicators you aren't used to. Remember, the development of race relations in the north is completely different than the south. Structural and institutional racism are stronger in the south, to the point where the racism is more ingrained in society even if you don't see people specifically saying they look down on people of a different race.
You can thank his dad for that, not MLS.
Chivas wasn't poor, they just were shitty owners. We're poor and have shitty owners.
Hard to fire the part-owner.
They were stingy. We're poor. There is a major difference.
Half correct? You said "Who built a smaller stadium?". I answered Yankees, who have the shortest home run deck in MLB. Fuck OP, but I was 100% correct.
What are you trying to show? Yankee Stadium is smaller than CPB. That was the question.
&gt;Where is Crossfire supposed to get money from if it's not pay to play and it gets nothing from developing professional players? There are plenty of places that do not charge players. How did they start? Or maybe you charge and build up money, then stop charging. The point still stands that they had an asking price for developing a player and charged it. Now they are asking to be paid again? That's an absurd concept. They are 2 separate business models. One is high risk high reward, one is low risk low reward. Why should they be allowed to have a low risk high reward model? Free markets don't work like that, and this is against the entire spirit of the FIFA rule.
If you read the page, the scholarship only covers the club fees. He'd still have had to pay for a lot of other things.
The kids pay a club memebership fee, on top of other fees to the club. Again, this is not the norm for top soccer clubs. I'm not saying these things don't exist, but players that are playing professionally and are getting sold with massive transfers almost *never* go through this system. I don't get why people are ignoring the fact that I'm saying it's the top players. That's the entire reason why this rule exists in the first place.
Why wouldn't they? They go there in other sports, and even in MLS you have superstars going places like Montreal. I get the name appeal of NYC and LA, and I live in Manhattan, but people like you need to get off your high horse. Big name players are going to those teams because they have the owners willing to pay for them to try to break through in crowded sports markets, not simply because of the location.
What do you want them to do, go clockwork orange on people? The game was well promoted, so I'm not really sure what the solution is.
OK, and plenty of players would be upset to be drafted by Dolphins or Jets over the Eagles. It's not just about the city, which is the entire point I'm trying to make.
As is my response to a lot of things on this thread, therapy. At least worth a try. It can help you gain a little perspective. Therapy won't necessarily fix what you currently perceive as your problems, but helps your frame them differently so you can stop viewing them as such. Does that make sense?
Shoulda signed that professional contract...
But the point is that MLS wants slow, sustained growth to raise the equity of the teams and brands. Creating a rule to bring big names to MLS, even if it is to the Galaxy, increases the equity of every team. It's a smart business strategy and the league is obviously growing. Once the academies start producing a good amount of talent, that will most likely be the time to raise the cap significantly and change the rules for depth purposes. Until then it makes more sense to keep the cap low and allow exceptions for big names that fill seats.
&gt; I don't think you can simply gloss over Gio's Mexican nationality. But who knows? This will say a whole lot more about Dos Santos than it does the MLS. Why does that matter? Mexico's coach has openly come out in support of his players playing in MLS. There are also an insane amount of Mexican fans in the US that would love this. It's a win for everyone and now reports are coming out at there is a 60-70% chance Chicarito is signing with Orlando.
&gt; Except it comes at the cost of league quality. In the short-term. Again, the owners' goal is longer-term sustainable growth. The current structure is the best option.
Do you have RES (if not, definitely worth getting). You can set the filters to ignore specific users. This is actually the first time I've used it.
Are you suggesting Montreal is somehow more desirable of a place to play than Philly or Houston? Both are much larger metropolitan areas with strong cultures and sporting ties. Similar to Montreal, but bigger. Toronto is more similar to Chicago than NYC or LA and you don't see big stars going to Chi-town. Why? Because of money. That's the difference.
This is a major misconception. Correlation =/= causation. There is no research that suggest marijuana use triggers anything. There is a very high possibility that people you have these illnesses are simply more open to "risky" behavior or are self-medicating for early symptoms. In addition, the ages that typically are experimenting with marijuana use coincides with the ages of onset for many common mental illnesses. I know a lot of people here have anecdotal evidence supporting your comment, but just know that you are spreading unconfirmed information, which is typical in these types of threads.
You're right. End of story. This is why I hate these types of threads. Everyone thinks their anecdote makes them an expert on the subject. It would be like every person who's had a heart attack thinking they are a cardiologist.
This needs to be #1. The amount of people on here spouting bullshit based on anecdotal evidence is insane. It's like people took Psych 101 and completely ignored the 75% of the course where they talk about the scientific method and how it defines Psychology and just paid attention to cognitive dissonance and random snippets of abnormal.
How did you manage to get your M.Ed. while completely ignoring the scientific method? I understand that there are correlations between drug use and mental illness, but to make blanket statements of causation based on your anecdotal evidence is embarrassingly unprofessional for someone with a degree of your level. Maybe addition and other mental health concerns stem from a confounding variable that doesn't involve the drug itself. Maybe you should look into what is causing the drug use. Perhaps that also contributed to blunted personalities. Maybe the worsening of mental illness was inevitable and they are self-medicating with marijuana, as the age of onset for many mental illnesses correlated with typical ages of drug experimentation. I'd like to know what actual academic or clinical research you've done and/or published on this matter. I am not a crazy supporter of marijuana use either, I'm just a crazy supporter of correct information being distributed, especially in a field I spent a good deal of time in.
Do you want to work client side or at an agency or vendor? Almost nobody has their MBA on the agency side, as experience is everything (from what I've seen at the places I've been). Plenty of people have them on client side, but a lot of employers there will pay for you to go back to school while working anyways.
Lol cause this is a conversation on a discussion board on a specific topic and your refute was essentially "you're wrong". You added nothing to the conversation other than showing that you don't know what you're talking about and wanting the other person to be wrong without having the knowledge to disprove them.
Ah, so drunken dope-addicts or glue-sniffers.
Philly is definitely a very racially divisive city and neighborhood lines are pretty evident just by seeing the race of people walking the streets. It's getting better but it's still not good.
I think they're pretty funny... Edit: Cool guys, feel free to downvote me for thinking a notoriously controversial band is funny for their antics which are designed to be humorous, nice.
The Stanford band is a student run organization that purposefully trolls people (have been doing it since the 60s) and don't take themselves too seriously. It's all part of the act. I actually find it kind of refreshing and entertaining.
Well they were playing them so...
It's not offensive in the least bit, people on here are just looking to get upset. They've done way way worse stuff like a polygamy-based routine when they played BYU or the Patty Hearst kidnapping thing.
[I mean the stanford band is pretty talented](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gatKjUgcOhA). They aren't insanely large so it may not sound as good on TV but they're pretty good. I didn't go there but I've see them a few times.
&gt; Isn't Stanford supposed to be almost an Ivy League school? I think Stanford is supposed to be the anti-Ivy League School. Pretty much the idea of being free spirited and embracing differences and uniqueness rather than conformity and old boys clubs. It's up there with the Ivy's in academics, just culturally different.
I fucking hate this offense
Better than Rutgers' chance of winning 2 games in the B1G
Did he just say "trickeration"?
WTF is with this announcer shitting on Hack's run game? He relatively mobile for a pocket passer.
McSorley is a running QB
He's a running QB so...
I mean we were sanctioned by the NCAA and lost a fuck ton of scholarships and recruiting momentum, which you can see now. It's a process to get back to form.
Yeah I've seen that before, I think BOB just underestimated the pressure he was going to be under after following a coach with a legendary career. I don't see it as him getting run out of town as much as him not being able to handle the job and embrace the role.
We legit have one of the best receiving units in the country. It's a shame are rarely put in a position to succeed.
Why do you build me up...
They need to clean house of all of Franklin's guys coaching offense. It's embarrassing and he needs to give up any input on anything other than recruiting. EDIT: Who could possibly be downvoting this? Are you related to someone on the staff or something?
I really wanted to go to the game in London....but at least we beat the Giants again
Lol, did you even read the articles you linked? They specifically say that doctors are paid to give speeches at conferences for marketing the drug, not to give it to patients. The only cases you linked to with doctors prescribing drugs while getting paid were about them getting arrested. It's also hilarious that you said: &gt;Your country is the only country where... Then linked to an article that is specifically about the UK, starting: &gt;Drug companies are paying an estimated £40m a year to British doctors in service fees, flights, hotel and other travel expenses, according to the trade body that represents pharmaceutical companies.
I'm with you on this. I've have by far the best experience with Uber vs. other services such as Lyft. The entire purpose of the services is time and convenience and Uber is ahead in both those categories in my area.
That wasn't a backflip...
Yeah completely ignoring all demographics...
[That's what I'm sayin](http://imgur.com/yQQj8u5)
Eh, it goes both ways I think. I see a lot of the artsy hipster type people who think they are open and worldly be extremely critical of mainstream "yuppie" culture, and I live in one of the most "hipstery" neighborhoods in the country. I think every culture is going to have a certain percentage of people that distain contradictory cultures. That's just pack mentality.
Why do you say that? The general message of the story is the opposite of that, basically calling for people to learn from experience rather from other people's lectures/preaches.
So you're just going to completely ignore my first point? It makes your entire argument moot.
It's unlimited spots so he really could have brought them without dropping Jones. I think Klinsmann just brought the guys he thought he needed and is throwing Jones a bone by giving him some extra training.
Yep, SaaS account managers make bank if they surpass quota. I have quite a few friends in the field.
http://i.imgur.com/lIaA3.gif
To be fair, the crest shape is a direct reference to the [Los Angeles coat of arms](http://imgur.com/0HKCQZq)
Del
Equity.
Do not give them a cent, it's all spam &amp; bot traffic. I know people who have worked there and even they told me it was all bullshit. I'm honestly not sure how they are still in business as I've yet to hear a single positive thing about their company other than the fun events they throw for agencies in NYC. If you just Google "admarketplace review" you will see nothing but negatives, other than posts/sponsored content from the company itself.
Not necessarily. I've freelanced on an equity basis and have gotten stake in a few companies that have become very successful. I would only do it with companies that I think have potential, but a great deal of skilled digital marketers would be willing to put in the hours if they think it's a good deal.
Yeah, the revisionist history involving this is crazy. Everyone was pumped for this season and everything looked great on paper. If Murray had worked out or probably even if Parkey hadn't gotten hurt we'd have won our division and this conversation wouldn't be happening.
Obviously WR was an issue but Matthews was coming along and we drafted 3 top round WRs in the last 2 years. Our secondary was also obviously insanely improved, so making that point makes no sense. Our WRs aren't bad, they're young. At this point it would be a waste to go out and try to sign someone like Maclin for that type of money.
&gt; You said we were great on paper - my point was we weren't even close to great on paper. The secondary had huge question marks, it isn't an irrelevant point simply because it kind of worked out. Anybody with half a brain would have been able to see that our secondary looked insanely better on paper this year compared to last. To try to argue anything different is insane. Our defense looked really good on paper going into the year. You just repeating that our WRs are bad doesn't make it true. Matthews with playing with a hand injury all year, which could not have been anticipated and we have one of the best receiving TEs in the game and one of the best College WRs coming into the team. Obviously it wasn't ideal, but when you have what is one paper the best backfield in the NFL, it is acceptable. &gt; The problem is that he tears down the old building before the new one is finished. If you're building on the same plot of land, that is the only way to do it. The process doesn't happen overnight.
Cool story bro, great discussion. Seems like you're really good at reviewing the team on paper...after they played. You should get an internship with Eskin.
Like when he carried us to the NFC championship in his second to last year on the Eagles?
Yeah but people coming in for lottery tickets are going to buy additional items as well.
Dude what are you talking about? The point is that you don't want to take the muggers money and ethiopia didn't want to take anything from Italy. Regardless of the circumstances surrounding a fight, if you get your ass kicked, you get your ass kicked. Italy got their asses kicked.
Yeah I'm going to assume this went through allocation. I'd think he fits under the "elite youth U.S. National Team players" category.
Amazon was in the red for its first 15 years...short-term profit isn't as important as people make it out to be.
This is extremely upsetting to hear with someone who was such a leader and beloved player. Thoughts are with him and his family and hopefully we will see him in years to come.
He retweets PSU tweets very regularly. I'd like to think he's a lock at this point but you never know. Lynch leaving should give him even more incentive. I'm not worried.
Lol, you have no idea what you are talking about. Academy players don't need to college, they can just sign with the team.
ITT: Misinformation.
No the NCAA and the academy system are completely separate and NCAA doesn't even play by standard FIFA rules (they have unlimited subs, for example). The schools don't get taxed because they are non-profits and reinvest the money they make from football/basketball into all the other sports which lose money. If they have money available after all of that, it goes to the school to be invested in academics.
I don't know any personally but www.meetup.com your friend.
No worries, same reason I pop into these threads. I don't think it's any better or worse than any other system, but it's the best option for MLS at this time. Our league is new and growing and has a weird history. The idea is to keep the league as stable as possible and to keep teams as close in talent as possible to create excitement. So far, I like it.
Well he has years and years of breaking stories and being accurate. Also, the one story in this picture is a story on a site about him saying that he doesn't predict that Kelly will get the SF job and that he hasn't interviewed anywhere else. He was saying nothing definitive and just giving his opinion when asked a question.
It's a nod to jamaican culture.
Certain players in the draft have a salary cap loophole attached to them though, which makes them inherently more valuable.
It's 2% less effective, 50% *as* effective
Not trying to be a dick but you have no idea what you are talking about. Schefter is an insanely respected reporter and that article in this post is not by Shefter and it's not Schefter reporting that Kelly won't be a head coach in the NFL next year. This is a shitpost in a sub with a bunch of people who obviously don't closely follow the NFL talking out of their asses. I'd love for you to go find me this cache of false reports that you are claiming exist from Schefter.
Also, a lot of these players (if not all?) signed contracts with the league before entering the draft. They're pretty much bound.
They may not make the rosters, but they can still have contracts that void if they are not "signed" by the team I believe. It has happened before.
Yeah it's whatever. Pretty much nobody our system has any idea how it works, so their loss. This thread has been a joke.
adamant? &gt;Listen, as a guy who went to Michigan, I've had a lot of people ask me 'could Jim Harbaugh wind up at Michigan?' I'm not going to tell you he can't, but based on everything I've been told and heard, I do not see that happening."
They also have free healthcare, free transportation, supplemented food/nutrition costs, bonuses for # of games played, etc. RBNY even provides housing for players who make less money. As much as MLS likes to act like they don't make money for CBA posturing, MLSPU does the exact same thing. I can't really feel bad for them.
&gt;Grant Wahl is known to be wrong, quite often. What are you basing this off? The only time I ever remember Wahl being wrong was Nesta coach MTL and he wrote an apology letter for it. It was newsworthy at the time because Wahl is almost never wrong
Join the club, buddy.
How the fuck are you paying less for Uber than Taxis in NYC? Ubers are always at least 25% more expensive for me, even when not surging.
Lol typical pats fans, think they're always victims. Biggest pussies in the NFL, you're like the Penguins of football.
Actually with the NFL rules you see ~50/50 split in kicker vs returner winning. In college, the team that goes 2nd wins ~60% of the time. So the NFL rules are statistically fairer.
Could you imagine them writing something like that today? The pressure must have been insane, I actually feel pretty bad for him.
Took the pictures of the covers at my parents house, but was only home for the weekend. I was helping my mom clean out old stuff we didn't want/need, so I assume they got thrown out after I took the pictures, sorry!
He's young! He's orange! Nothing rhymes with orange! Zac MacMath, Zac MacMath!
When she was 9.
No they aren't. Source: Have worked with them as a partner multiple times.
What are you accusing them of doing and give me one inkling of proof. They have no incentive to do shady shit.
Again, that is 100% false. I would love for you to provide any proof of that at all, or even somewhat convincing evidence. You can get your business *advertised* at the top, much in the same way you can pay for search ads in Google to come up at the top, but it will tell you when it is an ad. Any claims further than that are simply wrong.
[/r/MLS 's reaction](http://i.imgur.com/iKQzI.jpg?fb)
The point is that why would that not be a positive? She and her family have history with people who fight for human rights, which is a good thing.
Sure, but everyone who counts loves Ned Flanders.
How is that at all bullshit? Are you saying that every organization should be a direct democracy? The making the decisions are doing so for a reason. Nice non-argument though, it's a shame you couldn't put together a cohesive counter and have a well thought out conversation. Honestly that comment sounded like something Trump would say.
Nothing in that Huffington Post link supports your argument at all. It's just a search on a news site that doesn't even have articles that somewhat back up your claim. The second link is from a tabloid and says: &gt;The court said it found no evidence of manipulation and that it was ruling narrowly only on the question of extortion. Nonetheless, the company’s critics said the ruling supported their claims. And the third site literally has a contradictory headline considering the court ruled that they aren't extorting anyone. Nice evidence though. You also didn't even post an article from the past year, so it's pretty obvious you are stretching.
I think you are vastly underselling Carroll's career. He has 8 caps for the USMNT, getting called up over guys like Beckerman, was a key piece in DCU United's cup run, and has had an overall very impressive MLS career. For a period of time he was easily one of the top CDMs in MLS, and was arguably the Union's best player for a stretch. What you saw for the Union was the very end of a long success career for Carroll. He is definitely a veteran presence that is good to have around for our young squad.
No I don't find literally hundred of articles. I find a bunch of blog posts and tabloids (NY Post, Daily Mail, etc.) all referencing and linking to each other as sources. That should be your first tip that it's complete bullshit. Yelp proved in court that you are wrong. The court specifically ruled that they aren't extorting anyone, yet all the titles say "Court rules it's ok for Yelp to extort...". It's all a bunch of tabloid bullshit that was started by people being upset about not having good reviews and trying to cheat the system. In addition, here is an independent academic study from Harvard &amp; BU that shows that what you are saying is not true: http://www.immorlica.com/marketDesign/Harvard/reading/fakereviews.pdf The relevant section is 3.4. Read up. Edit: I provide an independent scientific study that proves you wrong and you downvote me? LOL
I know you said this in the /r/MLS thread, but Brian Carroll's resume is better than 95% of players in MLS. He was a key piece in an MLS cup win, has USMNT experience, and was a top MLS player for a lot of his career. Judging his career off his time in Philly doesn't make much sense.
My issue is that you act as though filling seats or selling jerseys is the main goal the club should have, rather than long term success through youth development, which is the stated goal of the Union. Signing Carroll is in no way a bad move, as Nogs, Edu, and Varnetta (3 of the best players on our team) can all play in that position, in addition to Yaro if we get desperate. Carroll is a strong defensive player that understands the league and is a great mentor for young players. We are planning on spending ~$1MM on a new striker for next season, have brought in solid midfielders and have a great deal of young talent in the back. Having Carroll as a bench option is really not that bad. We are deeper now than we pretty much have ever been.
Baby boomers make up the vast majority of voters.
Not a bad signing. Always like Marfan, but my biggest issue with him is that he's a bit of a hot head and can make dumb mistakes. It's possible he's grown up since he played for us, but I wouldn't mind having him back on the squad, especially as depth.
[2 years ago Gallop showed that boomers will be the driving influence on US Politics for the next 25 years](http://www.gallup.com/poll/167012/baby-boomers-push-politics-years-ahead.aspx).
No love for Pez on here...? I have 100s of them.
He was on their reserve team playing in the third division, barely got any first team action, and came back to the US in 2000. Where are you getting your information?
Are you claiming that there isn't an immense variety of culture in the US?
How could you possibly comment on Jones' locker room presence? I've been on plenty of teams where dirty players on the field are great leaders.
&gt; Would you rather have Bradley playing out of position at the 10 spot in the diamond? Yes. 10,000 times out of 10,000 yes. The issue in the world cup is that we lacked a striker with hold-up play.
Sure, but Dempsey didn't have the opportunity to go sooner and went as soon as he could. Also, while Dempsey is abosulutely a US Legend and I'd love to have anyone of his caliber, we're going to need to start producing better players if we want to go further in the WC. Dempsey had 2-3 amazing years, but he wasn't world class or anything.
Get the linkedin Jobs App
Dude...you're being the dick, not OP.
You can A/B test but you aren't going to get statistically significant conversion results with 10s of dollars.
You're not wrong, anyone looking at any sort of trending will see that you are backed up. Digital is the best place to be investing right now, especially for small businesses. The ROAS for Facebook is astronomical if you know what you are doing. Sure, you can't apply that universally across all brands, but for the vast majority, I have seen nothing to show that your assumptions aren't correct.
50K after taxes is around 35K. So you're spending 24K on rent. You spend another $1500 on transportation. So that leave you with about $9500 for food, internet, phone, utilities, clothes, household necessities, health insurance, etc. Good luck having any social life at all.
We're in a thread based on a comment saying &gt;I make 50k a year in nyc and can't afford my own apartment. This comment thread was specifically about making 50K in nyc and having your own apartment. You made a comment that you could afford to live in NYC and pay 2K for an apartment making that amount. You couldn't. Not to mention, good luck finding even a studio apartment for 2K in NYC.
It's unfortunate that Reddit (along with tons of other people) don't seem to understand or embrace that quote. Idealism gets you nowhere. Now more than ever in politics, evolution is how real meaningful change comes about, not revolution.
That's fine but we aren't talking about the Terrence Boyd decision, we are talking about Benny vs. Michael. Bradley is an overall more creative player. His final ball is better than arguably any other US player ever. He is better than Benny at playing off the strength of his teammates makes better runs that create space. He's sees the field and development of play better than any other player in our pool and stays cool and collected. Here are a few examples of what I mean: https://youtu.be/piw48lZhsDA?t=25 https://youtu.be/6KRnULmVPiA?t=3 https://youtu.be/yGoq5mrjftk?t=7 I agree that Bradley is a better #8 than a #10, I also believe he is a better #10 than Benny is.
Can you please stop with this "we" and "your side" bullshit? Honestly. Everyone wants what is best for the country and not everyone agrees with you. Just because you can type in an internet forum with stuff like "we fix the POTUS" &amp; "we move on to congress" doesn't mean that: 1) People that don't agree with you on the presidential primary won't support the same congressional candidates/candidates that even agree with Bernie will be running 2) You will somehow magically reverse the perennial trend of democrats &amp; young people not voting in midterm elections 3) Your generalized steps that have literally no specifics or spelled out methodology will somehow happen The condensing attitudes of people on this subreddit are ridiculous, it's literally a mirror of the Ron Paul support a few years back. I don't dislike Sanders but I cannot wait until he loses to Clinton just so I can read the sorry idealists on here trying to cope.
Why doesn't it count? Jack Mac was on the Gold Cup roster and yes Edu played. We also has Orozco.
[Why, Sean Lee? WHY????](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiZNSzWIaLo)
He also executive produced Good Will Hunting
