Best 11 this season; Lloris Walker toby jan rose Dier dembele Lamela alli eriksen Kane. Say we add lacazette and a midfielder like bazoer/dendoncker. Then with keeping the same best 11 (not that we should/would) our bench features vorm, trippier, wimmer/davies, bazoer/dendoncker, lacazette, son and njie. Assuming some sales after that we could use edwards, harrison, onomah, CCV and KWP as squad depth. That squad looks very good.
Hazard had an okay game today but i don't know why he is captain. I think jan (i might be biased) really should be the captain when kompany isn't there. Hazard isn't a leader in the same way that a captain is imo. Wilmots certainly makes some odd decisions
News just in: russia have just decided to show up in lille for their group b match against slovakia
As an outsider this for me is possibly the most intriguing group stage match. Wales have a few quality players and they play to a system which compliments their strengths well; whereas england are probably playing below their best at the moment. I think Bale plus the aforementioned factors make this pretty close to a 50-50. Should be a cracker!
Geez modric is a graceful player
A guy missed a chance in almost identical fashion to that first milik opportunity today in a game that i played in. Both times the player should have gotten over the ball imsteqd of snacthing at it. Poland could give this tournament a shake too, playing very neat football.
One minute ago: poland are very comfortable without the ball, at maintaiming shape Hits bar: that has to be a warning to poland, they can't afford to sit back
These commentators continuously calling the republic of Ireland "the republic"... Just use Ireland for God's sake, this isn't star wars
Fuck our bowlers are shit
Thanks flem
Could bolsy bowl cosgrove?
You've fucked us m8
Would definitely crack one through the covers for roz
Dave huss loves it squirted into his mouth
It's going to piss down
Binga doesn't give a fuck
This isn't test cricket, luke
We copped less rain in winter
Had a go at martial for exaggerating yesterday on the united-boro match thread and copped so many downvotes. Useless cunts
This is rubbish batting. Fucken hell
Fuck i hate that. Bullshit wicket from negative bowling
Wright you shitcunt.
YTB
Gilly has been fantastic in the commentary box. Not a dickhead and doesn't talk too much shit. Very easy to listen to
To be fair to lenton if he's appealing for a catch he's not really focusing on a stumping and probably didn't realise that voges was out of his ground until too late. The sad thing is voges probably smashed it and the ump didn't pick it up
Half of clint's balls are 6s
DEEP E E P
Lenton is actually really good with the gloves
Denyer needs a left-right, goodnight.
13 years ago old mate drove off a cliff, the dumb cunt
I miss the days of backyard legends copping one to the nuts or running through fences. They were simpler times
This music is sure pumping up the crowd
Johnno looking blazed
Gilly with the subtle fuck you to his family
Gee wiz
I've never seen a spursier goal. Fucken ex-player at the far post and 3 or 4 rebounds. Wanted a clean sheet :(
Not as bad as my manager. Bloke decided he couldn't be fucked coming to our game and played 6th division instead because it was closer to his house
Issue was that we relied so heavily on bale, modric and van der vaart with contributions from lennon, adebayor and defoe. The rest of the team was pretty average, especially the defense (King is a legend but injuries had taken their toll). I wish those 3 players could have played in our current team
I don't understand this. Vorm has only played 4 or so games?
Bit late to the party but i sure am. I'm not worried at all but just to be safe i always jog in the opposite direction to traffic. Stops people sneaking up on you from behind or stalking you
I was hungry and had some left over rice but nothing else to go with it so i put mi goreng noodles with it and cheese. It was horrendous.
Didn't really understand boro's tactics. Friend kept getting the ball and instead of passing took his man on and put in a cross to a 1v5. You aren't winning that scenario very often. Just brainless play
You controlled the match and ramirez really should have scored. I just had no idea what friend was doing. Some lovely passing to try and exploit the defense but whenever it got to him he would cross it, generally when only negredo was in there. Incredibly frustrating to watch. Sure get it in there and put pressure on the defenders but it was obvious after the third time and negredo rarely had a chance.
Boro-leicester? Never happened m8
My sleeping pattern is completely ruined. Too much premier league
How do you miss that? Christ
West ham need to get at darmian. Try and get him sent off to even the match up
Jesus christ. MEAT PIE TRAIN
"Yeah spot on warnie, really like the way you go about it" -darce
I like ed, he's a sick cunt but you can't just get rid of toyota girl like that.
Warnie reckons that old mate dave has genuine leg speed. Reckon darce would agree with that
14(55) hmmmm.
Just don't want him to get bogged down. He's alright
Love me some jungle book tbh
Darce: Yeah bruce, really like the way he goes about it
He was good at everything
Bill taking the piss
Braithwaite, blackwood and dorwich are looking okay though. Hopefully they can build a batting line up with these guys forming the spine.
The girl is hot. I'm a simple man. I'll watch it
Single through slip cunt. Fuck ya
Reckon you double your 30 over score so we should be looking at ≈290-300. Good total that
Fuck the bride. Is the daughter single?
Reckon commbank girl would be awesome in the sack. She looks the type
That's a fucking wide. Poor kid
Good maths, tubbs
That kid has a rubbish technique.
Crocodile technique
New girl lads. Specsavers girl
I really hope wickets don't fall when they do those interviews
Hum de dum dee lyk a bic boi
The one's with the beards look more like jimmy anderson
No susan
Hopefully uzzie makes runs in the second dig then. He's been the best batsman over the whole summer though, made runs every game so I'm not going to be too harsh on him
Uzzie made runs against south africa
Toyota have really fucked up
Renshaw still facing up
That's some off-spin right there
Large kid dancing
Brisbane confirmed still a bit shit but not as shit as it was 5 minutes ago
Fuckin beamer
All the boys
Drop him
She loves solid units
Mi goreng every night
YOUNG BOYS AND GIRLS
Reckon bill just called him handsome
Fucked it
Koala looks depressed
I like vancouver girl
Mike controller ;)
Renshaw is a cross between hayden, langer and gilly
Leo isn't happy with that effort
Ponting suggested that the best way to play was to show the full face to point at some stage during the swing (backswing or stroke). Lara was the same.
A lot of them are solid but I'll take the vancouver one thanks
Thanks chaps
This cunt is fucked
Why do you even need hotspot or rts for that?
Bit harsh tubbs
You aren't fooling anyone mate
That balance
Sydney skyline is shit
How did he look like he was out of his depth?
Roy gives zero fucks and i love it
Fuck. I missed the hot chick
"We were gonna knock him out" lol wot
Good game. Now to hit the sack as I've gotta be up for a round of golf at 5:50
That's because emily is walking down the pitch 5 metres outside leg and trying to hit a ball on middle
Ed's been hitting the gym.
The kahuna was in every club's communal kitbag
Clarke's fucked it. Cunt
Fuck me. That is a top cunt move from wade there
Oh no
Starc is going to cop a bit of his own medicine here
BIG LEVER
Hahahahahahaha fucken brutal
Why is a fucken travel agent wearing a pilot's uniform?
Need to get piejeel on strike
Fuck. Old mate has some shots
Feel for the lad. Hopefully he gets a good run in the team and makes some runs
I wish those cunts came to my cricket club. I'd be in the test team by now
daniels should be marked by the right sided attacking midfielder. However, bellerin should have realised that no one was tracking him sooner and pushed wider, calling a CM back to fill the spot that he would be leaving
Nah he's in the right spot initially but the midfielders aren't. With a back 4 you should be pushing across so that when the left back goes to meet a player on the wing, the right back is in the right Central defender's usual spot, then the rb position would be filled by the right winger/RAM
What the fuck cunt
Warnie.....no
Can't see SOK or paris getting a wicket. They're just bowling straight at slow pace
Hello world, this is me
Oh fuck off hilfy
Yorker. Yorker. Yorker. Yorker.
Kill him
Thai for dinner. Really good
Well fuck.
Oh no. Please be okay
He kind of looks like a shit mane. Given we have nkoudou who i think has played well when given an opportunity, i don't see much point to this
I'm sorry but did anyone else get visions of a WWII flak gun taking neymar out? Hahaha
Hate that last bit of a zooper dooper that tastes like shit because it's only plain ice
Currently observing a spider sucking out the juicy insides of another spider on the outside of my window. Scenes
Didn't they cancel the production of those? Used to have them at primary school all the time. Absolute bitch to open and then you got rid of 20% of the block before all the flavour disappeared or the bell rang and you had to chuck it away
Sharjeel is just a left-handed version of sehwag isn't he?
This is accurate
Gaz doesn't particularly deserve a wicket but who gives a cunt. Huge!
Shah to notch up yet another century here
Pffft, kirby wasn't going to play ahead of TOB or edwards anyway
Living standards in china compared to western europe are vastly different.
Despite him picking up 3 wickets this innings i don't think you can take SOK to india. The bloke barely turns it and the indians will take him apart. Wade needs to be dropped too because he's shit but we all know that he won't be.
I couldn't find anyone who shared my name. I guess I'm unique :(
Ummm, unless you are all blind he never actually touches the ball with his hand, even if he was attempting to do so.
That is a cuntstomper.
GKN seriously needs more game time.
How much leave do new fathers get in the UK? If he misses a few games you certainly couldn't begrudge him, however he will want to play if he isn't too sleep deprived.
Wtf?!!!?
I'd be the absolute worst at this because I'm not a massive fan of weddings. Don't really like the idea of having everyone focus their attention on me but then again, they say that the wedding is for the lady, and the proposal for the man.
Handscomb keeping....why???? Thought harper was doing well
BT: Boy oh Boy wowee Darce: He has genuine heavy balls Richo: Yeah spot on darce Bruce: Cyril has heavy balls
Seriously freddy, just go into the fucken milkbar cunt.
Fuck me, harry potter out on the field tonight.
Used to play cricket with a bloke called the wiz
Fuck you blocka
I hate it. Could use some more creativity
That's really not that many. Like 1.3 per game
Shut m8
Fuck, i need to get into those
Bit of bling on Agar's wrist there
I need to see an Agar-off. Do the strikers and scorchers play again?
Curtis just fucked merve over the fence
Advanced hair. Yeah yeah
That's a throw m8
Fuck life
No
Fuck sakes cunt
We are so losing this with beer on strike
Days just aren't the same when there's no test cricket to look forward to
Can't believe he played in the a-league. Unbelievable player
I think he's a bit more than beached now, mate. I'd say he's been the for quite a while
Thought half of this was spanish when i saw "underratedor"
It's alright, messi dropped some lit shit too
Here he is* again
I'm kind of over seeing this hulking sloth of a human everywhere. There are always 2-3 threads on the front page about him and he's obviously in the news all the time. I just couldn't give a shit about US politics, I'm far more concerned about our own leaders and the jobs that they're doing.
Oi! Public transport is grouse
I love reddit sometimes
Please, will listen every night. Probably watch a bit too on foxtel but the radio is amazing
England m8
Kfc burgers are dogshit
Did she see you?
Yeah no. I've played both FB and CM for my local team and FB was a undoubtedly harder.
You shouldn't be allowed to go out to narine. The bloke throws it.
Hahaha shitcunts. Also nevill was horrific. We need a good keeper in this country desperately
M8. The MCG is the reason
There's literally an end at Etihad dedicated to them. Too many pies in that ground tonight
He wasn't very good for us most of the time. 6m isn't that bad considering. We got dier for less (?) anyway so it doesn't matter
Which in turn puts the whole country in a hole. The banks being generous to these two mess up the economy even more than it would be otherwise
I wouldn't notice that they were all wearing similar clothing and if by some miracle I did, i wouldn't care. It's an incredibly "teenage girl" argument
They should have put it in albert park or in yarra park somewhere. Would have been amazing views either towards port Phillip bay and the city or towards the east and city. Docklands and railyards are the last place I'd build that
Pffft, you guys should come to australia. I live 20km from the city and the median house price here in a normal suburb is already above $1m. It goes up the closer you get too.
Smith needs to be dropped. Hasn't made a run in ODIs all year. Warner too for that matter
Terrible batting, decent bowling
This is seriously horrific batting that started with warner and smith playing genuinely rubbish shots against fast swing
In melbs mate
More down to terrible batting. A couple of the wickets were excellent but the first 3 were down to dumb shots, similarly maxwell's.
Pickle juice sounds fucked
Healy you jinxing cunt
