GUYS!! ..HOCKEY!!
You're my new favorite. Hello, favorite.
Oh fuck off. Just noticed my flair has a broom. Thanks for the reminder, reddit.
No.. No parts are better. They are all worse. Much worse.
Van BeeBee!!!
It won't let you go either eh?
Being a pharaoh I'm Pretty sure..
Morrowind remake :(
Yeah what the fucks up this fable legends bullshit?
Omg if it made the same sound that would be fantastic.
I threw it on the ground!
Jesus fucking fuck leafs.. Fuck.
Soooo my feed just cut out for track and field
DONT DEFEND THEM!!
Hey Bear Bros, in all honesty how do you feel about for moves the past two days? And draft picks?
Yeah I thought they were all weird picks, hopefully they develop though!
Boooooo you
Yeah I'm just using this thread as my draft coverage and I've got no complaints.
"He's a generational player"
Hey man, you guys win a lot, and we (the leafs) lose a lot. So.. It couldn't hurt.
Lol?
Easy dude.
"Malcom (Malkin) hasn't been doing much this year"
Let's go boys
Man, not this shit again. What the fuck guys.. Hockey better, fuck.
He's our future. He's our king.
I'll bet someone an upvote that I'm going to be angry and sad at the end of this game.
What the fuck hockey.
YEAHHH!
We playing like shit but we're winning.
I think I'm getting sick :(
Bitch you don't care about your clients.
GIVE ME A HELLE
Yeah I agree, just when I was embracing the tank too.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLL
Benny boy gets it.
There was a holiday trade freeze, but that's not the trade deadline.
Many save.
Hellebuyck the God-King, may he rule our city of ice for many years.
NOOOO IT CANNOT BE!!!
Erm, the fucks going on tsn?
I want a stafftrick
I think that may have looked worse than it was.
Lol. Leo winning an Oscar. Lol.
Yo Habsbros, where's Fucale at?
Follow up question: is Fucale not better than condon?
Ah, fair enough.
Man that's commitment.
Nah, I just always thought Fucale was supposed to turn out good and condon seems to be struggling lately.
"Marketing"
Oh wait, I got a better one. "Bait &amp; swtich"
Y'all don't like your coach?
Is that based mainly on the Habs recent struggles?
Ah, I see.
Well that's a bummer for you guys.
...are there any Devils fans in here?
Gg Habs
I love your goal/win song
Like sort of but man that's a disappointing turn out.
Also, go leafs go!
At best.
So I really hate GDT's with the Hawks, am I an asshole? Or do other people feel this way?
Stars I understand. But we get along really well with the flames.
"Lots of goals scored on Winnipeg" Yes yes, I get it.
Yeah I really didn't like your regular jersey but I love this.
JONATHON "LITERALLY A BRICKWALL" BERNIER!!
Man that Ron Willson dude is an absolute clown.
Cali fuckin does this to teams.
Habs girls are hella fun.
Ottawa also Cinderella'd themselves into the playoffs.
Ah but this was pre jets when leafs was my primary team. We had our struggles.
Just tank one more year..that's what I want to do.
The NHL can suck a dick already.
Awe man
I'm not sad about being scored on anymore really. I am, however, sad that Hellebuycks numbers go down :(
What the Christ boys?
TOO MUCH MAN!?!
Nah, just enough man.
I just really want Matthews tbh.
Anybody wanna do some Buff stuff?
You're drunk.
Atta boy!
That was weird.
AWESOME
Just out here rippen a dart, bud.
For all you Americans, [this](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F-glHAzXi_M) is pretty much Canada in a nut shell.
Nice front door.
Whhhhyyy
LETS GO JETS
WHY DOESNT KARI JUST LETEMIN ALREADY!?!
I mean, I was pretty proud.
You can't not elaborate on that. Edit: obviously blue, I'm such an idiot.
THE FRENCH PRINCE!!
GIVE ME A HELLE!
'Murica.
That's about right, thanks zebras.
They don't even show our penalty
NO TOUCHING!
Go Avs! ...I guess.
Heya!
LETS GO OILBROS!!
Struggling for a wild card spot, we took a step back this year with all our new kids.
Call boy. "Get inside me"
Tell it like it is Randy!
I um, I do not.
Scores!!
THE HATE ONLY MAKES US STRONGER.
I'd like to see Ehlers score or something already.
Y'all a bunch of bitches. I'm awesome.
FUCK YOU TOO BUD!!
YOU BLIND??!
LETS GET SOME SCORES FUCKERS
There is also a sabers downvoter.
EVERYTHING IS AWESOME.
ILL CHIP YOU
HOW DO YOU MISS THAT KICK!?!
Say goodbye to your timeout folks.
What a waste of time.
Too much man.
4 on 4?
Yis.
SISLER SUCKS
Guy, you suck!
FUCK YOU IMMA COMPLAIN!!
Fight me
Awe snap!
BE BETTER EHLERS, PLEASE
Fuck ESPN.
Suspended him, that was bullshit.
Masturbate.
People can say what the want and blame who they want but the big story here really should be the suspicious circumstances under which Scott was traded. The leauge and Arizona made it very clear that they did not want Scott at the game and now suddenly he's traded to a team that had no interest in him, making him (I think) ineligible for the all star game. It raises a questions about the integrity of NHL at the very least.
Oookay then Mr. Baloney.
Not sure if you're serious or not.. But, to think the NHL is incapable of being shady is crazy in my opinion. The concussion issue is a big one on this point. The NHL for sure knew about head injuries and long term problems, but the easy option was to ignore the problem, untill the fans and the media started to get informed about it. Then the league had no choice but to start to address the problem.
If the leauge is capable of ignoring serious health concerns they're capable of *suggesting* a relatively unimpressive player be traded.
NO! No more of this "Red Wings find a diamond in the rough at 154th overall" bullshit. Leave some for the rest of us.
I think that's just people's precipitation of any sharks player.
Ugh.
I wonder who the happiest person on earth is.
The fucks wrong with our special teams?
Hah.
Boooooo!
Idk why Pomo doesn't see that already.
Bitch slap that baby.
Wheeler is so god damn good.
Hahahhaha.
It's fuckin beer o'clock bud.
Thing is, I kinda want to tank. But I can't not want to win when watching games.
Is Nashville a nice city? I've never been.
So did Hellebuyck.
I make pretty damn good popcorn, guys.
Good. Good.
Come on Scoreburn, how you gonna score from there?
PONZY WEBER!
Wait, I don't think that's right.
We silly too bro, we silly too.
I like beer.
I've noticed that if you drink lots of it, it is really fantastic.
Man our power play sucks ducks.
I wonder if America will ever have a gay president.
Fuckin' rights bud!
5 YEARS. 5 GOD DAMN FUCKING YEARS.
Like really how long does it take to fix this.
Another 5-10 years before we have a competitive powerplay?
Fuck'em.
Anyone seen the chardee mcdennis episode?
They made a new one, season 11 episode 1.
A sound analysis.
I like this song.
Who's hockey?
Man that's not at all what I wrote.
I am, I enjoy the suffering.
I fuckin love this guy.
DART TIME BITCHES
Yo Predsbros, can I be real with you for a second? You guys are great. Everyone one you music lovin' American bastards, all gems.
Fuckin crisis alert boys.
I'm nearly out of beer.
Ahh, fuck off. I'm free bitch!
Atta boy.
He's got funny forehead lines.
Fuck the blue jackets. Win a game already.
Nah like I'll tame it and it'll love me and listen to me. I got it all worked out.
Well obviously he failed.
Alright. Let's hockey.
Looks good friend
I'm my own spirit animal.
Omg guys
Score you fuckers
15 minutes?
My upstairs neighbours are playing fucking basketball in steel toes again.
GOOD ANOTHER CHANCE FOR OUR SHJTTY PIWERPLAY
Fuck spelling
Fuckin Joel.
FUCK YOU ENSTROM
It's fine. Whatever. Obviously Jets Coahug staff is content with our special teams.
Fuck it, over.
What the fuck buff
This team fuckin blows. I'm so sick of losing.
Assholes. Fuckin' at least pretend to try next game.
Assholes. Fuckin' at least pretend to try next game.
LADD YOU FUCKING LOSER. GET THE FUCK OUT.
