That background is certainly more sophisticated and mature.
This, and trap them/kill them. Multiple traditional traps as mice roam in groups, so kill two or three in waves, until more than you imagined are gone.
I've never seen folks move out without putting extra trash out. Once they are gone I either do a transfer station run, or bring out another can so tenants have available space. So I'd pay the $25 since I can deduct it, and cheaper than my dealing with it directly. Former tenants should have rented a small dumpster and landlord should take it out of their security in my opinion. As a tenant, I'd be bothered, but not want this to be the hill I go down on.
If you want to pay to find out if something is out of wack, do so, it's your money. If it's working and providing heat, landlord responsibility is done. That said, what type of system, if forced hot air, did you replace the filter? That's standard tenant maintenance that often isn't done--such that I do it instead of leaving it up to them.
Yes, that would be my choice, when the cost starts to equal the price to have a pro look at it to prevent recurrence. Fingers crossed for you that something is revealed that's helpful!
Oh good to know, FMs should work then too!
The cardboard bin was out to be emptied at the transfer station, the staff told me to put boxes in with the paper/junkmail, the distinction is just for the users, who complain if there isn't a spot as they expect, at the facility, it all gets dumped together. Yes, your life is an illusion in more ways than you know.
uv
It was a '91 MR2, so technically old. Age has little to do with it, a '71 Porsche 914 gets great gas mileage, body shape (as it relates to drag) has everything to do with it. The airflow around the MR2 apparently improved at higher speeds. A lot of hybrids get worse mileage at consistent higher speeds, seeing more gains in slower stop and go traffic conditions by design, however their bodies do tend to be designed for less drag.
Highlander, when Heather MacLeod passes, just hearing Queen's music for the scene brings their passion and love to mind, and moist eyes.
The key thing is to not delay. Act as soon as local law allows you to regardless of what they claim. Every tenant has a story about why, and believe they will pay; if they do, you can stop the process, otherwise it moves forward to reduce your costs/liability (and engenders respect). Remember to save receipts for legal costs, court fees, parking meters, postage, copies, etc., it's all tax deductible.
This is when you learn that mothers don't always have your best interests at heart. What she "should do" and the person she is are two different things. You'll raise your (potential) children differently, and they'll have different objections of how you treat them and believe you should do things differently too. Thankfully soon you can live in your own bra-free space without mothering.
They are currently creating/designing/working on it, as detailed in a forum thread complaining about its current appearance.
Yes. Not only that, but after they streamlined all the regions' questing, they even revamped Moria questing too. It sucks, as higher level areas are strictly linear, so you can't pick and choose what you'd rather do or explore for serendipity, but folks who found things disjointed before like it.
It's worse when it's the other way around. More times I've seen a great healer but we have to explain everything to her hubby. Or another where he's the healer and can't keep anyone alive, while she continually saves the day on her support class. The couples where both are just dps seem best to group with.
Since weapon Imbuing was introduced, we need a lot, a dozen just for two items, the add swap legendaries, then alts, that several dozen. Of course Imbuing is a detriment for many classes/items. Of course they are also easier to get than all the marks needed for SoEs too.
Yes, it's been discussed multiple times and is not on the drawing board. They did provide two alternatives, the xp disabler, so you can keep a character at a certain level. Also Battles scale your level (poorly for lower levels). The effort involved in the former makes it clear their tech would need radical changes, making it unrealistic.
The first hit on [Google](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=ranger+8980) is the manual pdf for that security system, all your answers are there. If you want to use it, ask for the activation code. If you want to block the motion sensor, cover it with foil tape.
Places don't have time to screw you, they are businesses that survive on good word of mouth reputation. Pick a popular, busy place, preferably not one of the big chains that are too over loaded/rushing. A place near you that you can develop a relationship with is best. A friend's place drives her to work in her car to get a feel what is going on! Ask if any part of the work can be held off for now. They might say you need new pads and rotors (the part the pad squeezes). Ask if the rotors will last until the next pad change. But really, you save money doing both together for the same labor cost, while they have it all apart. Some cars the front brakes wear twice as fast as rear, so if your wear indicator squeal is just from the front, ask if the rears can be done next time instead, if they suggest doing them all. PS: If you go in feeling worried they are going to rip you off, your untrusting vibe might come through, causing them to be defensive or not on your side. If you go in asking for their help in taking care of your car and making you safe, they will want to take care of you, an entirely different relationship!
Disregarding different colas having different flavors? Their similarity being the caffeine? As even said in the link you provided, that recipe tastes different from Coke.
They don't have each others' email addresses.
Actually...there are no instructions on etiquette when one first goes to a bar, and nobody helps, the examples to follow are rude inebriated people, so when in Rome. So having this info out in the public consciousness helps inform more, get peers aware, provide more polite/useful examples, minimize movie tropes, and customize behaviour.
Yes, and leveling up is now so anticlimactic, often don't even notice or forget to spend points to get new skills. Removes immersion. It is nice to not have to go to a bard to retrait though.
Open windows at night. Box fan if not much circulation. Close windows and blinds during day, if blinds not opaque, block energy with something else. Keep hydrated so you sweat. If humid, run a dehumidifier so you perspiration evaporates/cools you effectively. Low fan aids evaporation. If it doesn't get below room temp at night, running ac just in the morn and keeping things closed/dark lasts most the day, depending on insulation. A bit more money is also running it again midday to drop the temp.
Actually they have measurable wavelengths. Similarly, if you put on tinted glasses, or only have colored light, the exact same cones in your eves get activated as others. Likewise, folks missing cones, IE "color blind", see the same stuff, as verified by seeing differently colored pics as the same. Some women have a fourth type of cone that allows them to discern more variation in red though, which slightly,htly matches your thought. As they could see two different hues of red where most would see one. However those are not in the green or blue or ultraviolet wavelengths.
Better/cheaper is getting a prescript for the generic of Proscar, same med in higher dose for enlarged prostrate, and using a pill cutter, divide in quarters.
If your brake lights are shared with your signal lights, you can use your hazards to check them. If not, at night, close your garage door (or back close to a wall) behind and see the glow of each light. Alternatively record a video. During the day, you can see your brake lights reflected in the nose of some vehicles like trucks with shiny front bumpers or vans with chrome. PS: If you replace one, replace both. LEDs are less likely to have problems.
Hence being a "rogue-like".
Friend driving with his daughter and his mother singing the name game song. She picks "truck". They both start singing, "banana-fanna-fo", grandma stops right before "fuck"..."Why'd you stop Grandma? Why did you stop singing??"
Sure, headaches aren't brainaches.
Are you the type of person that the little stuff just rolls off your back? If so, find a duplex, live in half, let the other pay your mortgage. Still like it? Expand. Hate it, or spouse hates it? Sell and buy the white picket fence instead. There are no tricks, learn business, marketing, accounting, finance, contract law, landlord/tenant law, the judicial system, psychology, carpentry, plumbing, electrical, painting, book keeping, etc. Get a good understanding of liability and insurance.
It depends who you play with. My kin does them, but you'd frequently have to be on. Isenguard T2s have been broken, scaling off for level 75, but they made some changes w/update 16, don't know if that fixed it.
That's not a friend, that's someone who used you and took advantage of your good nature. You are fortunate to see her true colors and how ugly she is. You are better than that, and there is someone better than her who wants you as much as you want them, find that person instead.
Just re-apply the sticker over the remaining adhesive and the adhesive on the sticker will pull off the lingering. It becomes second nature to peel, then stick and pull, done.
Call them in the afternoon/eve EDT. Their phone support is awesome. 781-407-4020 PS: You'll want your account details on hand, like name/address, payment type, etc.
As long as you give them a reason that they can't dispute. They are probably seeking psychological satisfaction/closure, it also improves their morale for packing/moving/searching for a new place. When asked, "why are you moving" they can respond with something other than "we don't know". Something nondescript such as, "we have plans for the place we can't enact while it's occupied". Be sure to offer "condolences", but don't apologize, condolences helps them feel heard/validated/appreciated and like you are on their side rather than against them.
It's "The Entertainer" by Scott Joplin. Featured heavily in "The Sting", starring Paul Newman and Robert Redford.
That's why she needs help, to be able to cope in a healthy manner rather than destroying people, relationships, the new business, her family, and herself.
There's a tribe of people on this planet that do not even have numbers in their language.
You have shown your interest in an irrefutable, honest, vulnerable way. You haven't acted "cool" or fake. You've been sincere. Additionally her friends thought your reaction was heartfelt and sweet as well. Female friend validation means more than guys realize. She wouldn't have given you the compliment if she wasn't open to the idea, that is a "signal" that guys typically miss. So yes, go interact with her directly, she'll appreciate your responsiveness and being forthright. She also, believe it or not, will be just as nervous and embarrassed as you are. So ignore the butterflies in your belly, or share them with her! ;-) The worst thing that can happen is she isn't available, but you can't find that out without trying, and practicing this is helpful to make it easier and easier.
Carcassonne is a tile draw strategy game, but the random isn't significant compared to the strategy of placement. There are also limits which reduce randomness. Linkme: Carcassonne PS: Oh it shows as paid, I got it free, must have been Amazon special.
Or borrowed a phone.
Along with the stop hand gesture, if standing while conversing, step forward a bit, folks will give you their attention. Online I get talked over, so type, it gains more authority written than spoken.
Rather plug in a battery maintainer/low amp trickle charger designed to keep your battery charged and not having to deal with losing your radio presets/stereo lockout/alarm reset. Note you also don't need to buy a new battery OP, just charge your discharged one (unless it was beyond it's service life to begin with).
Write a sexy note. Sext. Leave a Post it somewhere like his unoerwear drawer with a suggestion. Leave the chocolate syrup bottle on the bed, or substitute with whatever your kink is. Oh! Write it on your belly with lipstick so he can read in the moment!
Aren't they currently in the process of updating the store and payment options? Things might be funky in the meantime. They said the new store would be more streamlined and support more payment options.
It has other symptoms, such as mixing up sequential directions, having issues with numbers and math, and orientation impacts which would be significant for a blind dyslexic. They can also hear things out of order. An ex discovered their dyslexia as an adult, not from reading symptoms, which were the least of their symptoms.
Except kids' sugar cravings correlate to skeletal growth, as tastes change when bone development is complete.
Sometimes flattering, sometimes tiring, sometimes irrelevant, sometimes annoying; then when older and it happens less, sometimes depressing, sometimes a relief...
Nah, if you want to try it in the future, feel free; but it's not as challenging as some of the other classes, and doesn't seem nearly as popular as other paid for classes.
Court records take care of that for you. :-)
For me, a big deal, I'd pick up a couple smoke alarms, and I also own fire extinguishers. They are all relatively cheap. Don't forget renters insurance too!
I believe it's been said no raise by end of year. I don't have a source. You don't need to buy anything post HD, the epics alone will take you to 100 and then some (as they did prior to Eastern Gondor) and are free. That said, there are skill points to be had from purchased quests. Eastern Gondor feature three group instances and essence armor if you do T2 content. They have yet to add another tier of crafting since 95 cap. Nothing says they'll ever raise it again necessarily. Currently their priority is moving and merging the servers in the new facilities.
I'd use cheesecloth.
I think of it another way, would I pay $3,000 for not having my wife's space invaded, and her pleased rather than bothered? Every time there's something misplaced in the bathroom, every time you go to use it but a "stranger" is there instead, each time it smells, every time you clean the toilet, every time your toothbrush is not where you left it or wet for unknown reason... Every time your wife returns to the bedroom and instead of having her shoulder slipping out of her robe as she flirtatiously glimpses to see if you are watching, instead she brusquely enters with a big eye-roll. Don't worry, your son will very happily live in Mexico as an adult, rebelling from your plans for him. ;-) Also, consider a male tenant, rather than someone you are more likely to sleep with perhaps? (Unless you are bi, in which case any gender of tenant in your space would be a potential threat to your marriage.) Many people want a hope to be a sanctuary away from others, so inviting others into their space is the exact opposite of their desire, is it worth a few thousand to disrupt that?
It's not well made, the optimal strategy is to not play properly. Instead you raid others in an unbalanced fashion to gain resources, then make your resources available to others as there's a detriment/cost greater to defending them. A well made game is balanced, has challenge commensurate with reward, and achieves most gains through play rather working outside of the system.
He might not be intentionally manipulating you, but the result is you are being hurt regardless, isn't it?. This has nothing to do with being emotional (although female orgasm triggers hormones that signal attachment/bonding/love), and everything to do with his horniness, when satisfied, he has no craving, after a time, he comes to get some. Which leads to the topic at the core of this. Respect. He's using you. That's fine, it can be nice to be "used". You are using him too. However if the dynamic is destructive to you, rather than rewarding, and it's impacting your emotional health such that you are posting publicly about it, I'd stop entertaining him sexually. The other reason is while it might be lovely to have a convenient guy satisfy you sexually despite the emotional cost, are you dating? Having one-night stands? Getting your groove on with others? Trying to meet someone who is available rather than married? My guess is you are focussed on him rather than being focussed on your own relationship future. He's got a relationship already. You might want to find yours? That way you can have all those good feelings most the time without the regular bad. Balanced relationships aren't only about sex, but shared values and respect as well. Please respect yourself?
The engine or passenger compartment? AC available or not? If the latter, open windows, drive with hands deflecting air inward. When temp roughly matches outside, close windows, run air conditioner. (Also generally cheaper/more efficient to use ac at highway speeds, open windows at street speeds.) If the former, presuming there's coolant, run the engine and travel downhill so air passes through the radiator with heater on and fan high (the heater core is just a small radiator in the passenger compartment). Turn off extra accessories like AC that put load on the engine.
There are lower level essence gear drops if you run group instances, particularly larger sizes, but it's not worth it as you level up, you replace gear so quickly. There's also essence armor at the skirmish camp guys starting at level 95, but again, not worth it as gear drops from level 100 instances will be better stats (teal 100s blow away 95 essence purples). Once 100, do tons of Battles to get FA symbols and essences as well as essence ring (two flavors). I'd just vendor trash lower level essences. Note the may expand the system to more lower levels in the future.
*hugs!
You don't mention what class you are but be aware some don't want to Imbue, as it's a detriment to those classes. Some dps classes benefit, but check what legacies are lost beforehand.
Just stick the peeled sticker on over lingering adhesive to pull it off. Price stickers are designed to not be easily removable to prevent people switching them. But it's become routine, peel, press back on and pull off again, done, no biggy.
Simon says be quiet and let me read Reddit in piece...true sentiment the world over.
They'd go by keys returned here as you had control of the property until then and presumably had paid through then. If you only paid until the 15th, that would be awkward, but the argument could be made from when keys were returned I'd imagine. So through June 30th is sounds like, by this upcoming Wednesday.
A check isn't a payment. It's a promise to pay. Not until it's cashed or cleared have you been paid. But the tenant would obviously have expectations based on what you tell them. So simply let them know when you want occupancy and return any excessive checks.
With reliable fast wifi.
A problem is although they might be less likely to burn (UVB rays), cancer is still an issue (both UVB and UVA), but it can be harder to see a dark spot on skin that's already dark sadly. So catching melanoma on black skin can be trickier.
A lot bought them but didn't keep playing them. They were all over when they first came out. They seem less popular than the other pay for classes. I only played one through Bree content and did not find it particularly challenging/fun. If you want to tank, go guard or cappy, if you want to heal, go mini or rk, if you want a wanna-be-cappy without the pet or complexity, but better dps, go beorn.
Spec matters, burgs are also not one of the easier classes, they have really high dps, but you have to know which skills to use when and have legacies to support them. Most don't maximize their burg's capabilities. There was a time they were weaker compared to the op they used to be, which was complained about as low dps despite having some of the highest in the game. In regards to pvp, which isn't my focus, burgs also have a lot of survival skills.
Go back to your levelled up characters and develop them so you can do the new t2 instances, then do them. That said, I loved sneaking past things on my burg, but can't complete slayer deeds that way, or the new kill things while you are there style of quests.
In a nearby state, women may display their nipples in public. In my state men's nipples on a woman have to be covered. If they didn't have nipples, they could legally reveal their breasts. In Maine two women were released for completely nude jogging, as their genitalia can't be seen, so unless that law has been rewritten since the court case, only men are prohibited from nudity there, unless a nude woman spreads her legs while contorting her body to reveal her bits.
And note it's not actually double. They subtract a number from the total and label them "bonus", and just double that portion. That said, it's the most cost effective way to get points aside from buying the larger package sizes. There is a spreadsheet out there that shows how many points per dollar each package gives.
Yes. You also don't need to buy all Gondor regions, just East Gondor has group instances, and the epic quests are free and get you to 100 partway through, but you want to complete them for gear and story anyway.
Generally only dps classes are worth Imbuing. Burg is not though. Guard not, mini not... Hunters seem to like it...
You are over a decade behind. That's when I removed such from all my properties and no tenant has mentioned the lack.
You've gotten great specific articles of clothing advice. Here's some philosophical, look at what the employees in the positions above yours are wearing, and dress for your future career position so managers "see" you as advancement material already. In a jeans and t-shirt freelance environment I wore slacks and button downs with casual shoes but was awarded more work than my compatriots without alienating them.
They are there under "Multis" in RedditIsFun. It's a reddit feature apps support.
Go to the police. You want to report the texts so there's a record when things get worse. If you don't establish a record now, then things get worse before they get better. Police isn't a huge step, they are the first step. You can't progress if you don't take that first step. Also, it helps your brother if he gets treatment. Obviously you don't owe him anything (he owes you restitution for abuse) but protecting yourself and aiding his therapy in the process doesn't hurt. So don't hate yourself for being a victim, aid yourself by not being a victim and go file a police report. That will also help others he'll try to victimize in the future.
It depends how you trait and set up legacies, that's why you get varying info. High single target DPS. CC (crowd control)--very useful in Dome. The longest stun in the game too, although max three targets on that one. Debuffs/buffs, one burg increases the DPS of an entire raid group. Last night in T2 RC, my burg was credited by the captain tanking as the reason we survived. Healing. New with trait trees, ruined by Imbuement, a burg can heal groups in one traitline by dedicating two legacies to it. I've been called on to heal groups more than anything else recently. Note that last is not well known, so groups won't expect it. So basically they are like captains and lore-masters rolled into one.
If they've reached that point, I'd replace them, although if they were rubber for safety due to lack of cage, that might not be prudent.
Don't know about your area, but 20% off sale on Aqueon heaters per the link a couple locations at least (mine and whatever it came up as). Blasting sand for cheap substrate perhaps? Craigslist or eBay for stands if you don't mind used.
That almost never happens for folks leveling up their first characters I've seen. It's folks who group lots at level cap who have spare ixp runes to hand down to levelling alts who may experience that. And since Imbuement, the ixp tends to get saved for that investment, rather than get handed down.
...forgot where they put the key.
Filter intake(s) protected to avoid shrimp going in?
1) Random. 2) I know **Defense** first wave (same both sizes): "Beasts of Harad", "Awash with Flames", "Epic Foe: Raghathai, Faramir's Bane" **Defense** second wave: "Despair in the Streets", "Rain of Death", "Epic Foe: Ahârtal, Hand of the First Blade" **Hammer** first wave: "Epic Foe: Ughash the Unslakable", "Drums of War" **Hammer** second wave: "Epic Foe: Masorgh, Cleaver of Heads", "A Brutal Reversal" **Hammer** final wave: "Broken by Fear", "On Black Wings" Hammer Fellowship, I don't recall when "Up from the Depths" occurs or if it may occur at different stages. 3) Each quest says 30 seconds to defeat epic foes (regardless of size). 4) Not that I can think of, timing of waves is what I look for (currently reset a timer on Hammer for the initial several minutes afk wait), note Defense can be sped up initially by killing incoming MOBs w/catapult, three shots to get side quest nearly right away. Ditto when phase shifts to second wave. Timing of final trolls' arrival would be nice too if they are consistent (don't know if timed or kill based), it doesn't seem to matter how long you take to kill them. Note also larger group sizes have longer (more kills) waves before switching to next phase.
The cool part of being an adult is not having to embrace those who disrespect you, rise above, treat her with respect in the future, but get a hotel room if you ever visit again, rather than staying in a toxic environment. She also might be jealous of your healthier relationship if her laments of her relationship were truthful rather than just for manipulation. In the future, don't let someone hurt you so much it results in tears though, that is not okay!
What's the surface it's on? If Sharpie, cover with dry erase marker and simply wipe off. If paint, Goof Off Pro, which will remove latex paint underneath too, but not oil.
It's not normal, she is inserting herself into your personal relationship for her own reasons, regardless of what they are, that's intrusive, disrespectful, manipulative and breaks trust. The result is you'll hide info from her and distance yourself to protect those you care about. Distancing yourself is appropriate as you become an adult and leave your nuclear family to forge your own family, but teen years are early for that separation to be forced upon you. I'd simply let her know that she has lost your trust due to divulging your private life and creeping on you and not being sisterly. She might provide more respect after that, or will continue to not be worthy of trust. My condolences.
First I make sure they put money down. It's like dating, everyone says they want it, but do they call later? If they are invested, then spend your time/energy on them. If you have multiple viable contenders, choose which is most qualified and likely to stay longest. Roots/family in the area helps. If both equal, whichever communicates clearly/with least confusion. That'll be helpful down the road. The one I reject gets their deposit returned and nothing more than, "My condolences, we went with someone else." I've never been asked why, and would not answer...actually was asked once, which led to fruitless pleading. Don't give a reason for them to plead, or tempt any perception of discrimination by avoiding the circumstance altogether. When the answer is others were picked, it makes it not about the applicants, but beyond their control.
Don't move in the acid to prevent damage. The MOBs will come to you. Standard formation, dps and healer behind mobs close to tank, who should be the only one taking damage. If your tank is inexperienced, their only job is to get all adds on them and position so mobs' backs are toward group (can't parry/block attacks from behind). As I recall there are punts there, but to heal you shouldn't need to move other than regain line of sight if lost. Then stop and acid damage stops. The hunter should not take any damage with nothing hitting him/her and not moving. Finally great job doing that well on a six person sized instance. Generally when folks under man a larger instance they set it to a lower level than themselves. PS: When you get past Maze and do Thadur, get ready to learn about reflects, especially your hunter.
Yes but the liability of stairs is if the tank gets kicked up can reset the fight. Also requires the tank to move more to pull anything from you. Since adds will be drawn to the healer (especially if any HoTs are active), the tank wants to be in range so they can immediately pull those adds so the healer doesn't get hit. You'll find it both easier and harder with more people, you'll be able to complete the fight, as you'll have enough damage that the incoming damage won't last too long, but you'll also have more people all over the place pulling MOBs all over the place, heh. As long as the three of you are coordinated though, it'll be fine. PS: I forget if the adds have orange induction circles before you get punted? If so, simply interrupt that so it doesn't happen! Whenever you see an induction ring, be it orange (bad/damage incoming) or green (healing MOBs), interrupt it should be instinct.
Nah, assassin snails won't eat shrimp generally. I've read a bunch of posts and other forums where folks say it both ways. Shrimp are fast enough to escape, but someone witnessed it, shrimp also might eat snails (if it dies presumably). If you have plants and java moss or floating plants with roots for baby shrimp to hide in, that's where they'll be, safe. There should also be enough that were one or two lost to a snail, it won't have a major impact on shrimp breeding. More likely, you'll never see any loss of shrimp to a snail, but some individuals have, so it can happen. I wouldn't use it as a factor to not have an assassin snail take care of a snail problem.
If something repeatedly breaks, I replace it with a different, hopefully more reliable style, only the same if I know it's not a fluke. Yes you repair stuff, that's what you are getting paid for! If it's due to tenants' intent/control, then they repair it. Which brings us to the car. Yes, their responsibility if they knew the regulation, but your responsibility to inform them beforehand or asap. See something that conflicts? Notify, then if not remedied, can pass on fine.
Everybody knows why, because there is no other alternative.
I can provide odds of 100% return of the price of a ticket by not buying. (Do this every lottery, putting the proceeds into an interest bearing account, reap the hundreds of dollars of guaranteed rewards.)
More like math tax, there are idiots who can do math after all, and folks who don't do math who aren't idiots.
My suggestions, leave the algae in place for them to eat. Nitrates were zero?? If not, prepare with a water change to lower before leaving. It doesn't sound like you have enough fast growing plants to handle nitrates themselves.
There'll also be new instances with new gear. There has always been new gear (or why raise the level?). Hopefully there'll be new "8" essences. The good news is your old essences won't "poof", they'll still be there doing their job. You'll j´st be able to obtain potential better ones to grow your character. Remember each level increase reduces your effectiveness do to the formula involved in stats. That's why it takes longer to kill something when you go up a level with old gear. Remember base stats don't increase beyond level 50.
Whichever is shown topmost to you if you've never logged in before. The reason is that is the "recommended" server which changes as they adjust things, and gets the most new players. It was Crickhollow last I knew. This way you have most other new players to share with, more runs happening of your level, most chance of finding leveling partners if desired, kinships based on leveling, more low level crafting resources/support available on auction hall, etc.
Generally ten per gallon is a recommended limit that some consider conservative, but if you add ten, which will breed, you'll have way too many in short order. I went with two of the same sex to avoid breeding. PS: This presumes it's completely cycled, which I'm assuming given the snails. PPS: I used crushed lava rock as gravel substrate to have enough surface area (it's porous) for a thriving bacteria colony to act as filtration.
See my other reply, is your jar cycled? That would be the first step to avoid harming animals.
Rather than succumb to presumptions, interact with her to see what the scoop is and how things go. If she tells you she can't/won't do something, respect that, not outside sources of info/misinformation.
Just try it, there are many new players starting up currently on the top of the list recommended server. You can freely answer most of your questions. End game has myriad options, including group instances, with new ones on the horizon with next update. Battles that can earn some of the top gear solo/duo. Do not start playing lotro for pvp, it's pvmp is limited and not a major focus given the Tolkien lore about "fellowship".
It depends what language their parents use, sign language is not universal the world over, there are different sign languages. So their thoughts would be represented by the sign language of their culture, after images.
"I'm sorry, circumstances have changed, I will not be available to date." If you'd like to soften it, "...my condolences." (Use "condolences, not 'sorry' as the later often carries a connotation of blame/responsibility." If he asks about rescheduling, "No thank you." If he texts further, "Please refrain from contacting me." I recommend not blocking so there's info on how he responds, but some choose to. Note no explanations are needed for someone you haven't invested in yet, however social responsibility and helpful communication are why polite customs came about rather than leaving someone mystified at a sudden lack of response or worried about your well being.
What's in the tank? Which type of test are you using (strips are notoriously unreliable). How strict are you about testing and materials? A youtube video a couple guys tested a bunch of expired drop tests with their local aquarium club, turned out user method affected results most. Notice the scale of the test for nitrates means you can add a lot without it changing much (going from 30 ppm to 40 ppm will still be red; going from 40 to 50, red; 50 to 60, red, 70, 80, 90, 100, 110, 120, all still red, it's not until 160 there's a color change). Compare to nitrites where a fraction of a ppm provides a different result. You want to see ammonia going down, I had to add ammonia daily when my cycle got going to bring it back up from 0 until nitrates showed up. So it sounds to me like you have the second type of bacteria converting nitrites to nitrates. It sounds like you have some level of the first bacteria that would convert ammonia to nitrites. The question is what is putting so much ammonia in the water? You might just need to wait for more bacteria to develop to handle it (presuming you aren't adding ammonia) or add something that'll help consume it (marimo "moss" balls are actually algae that consume ammonia, just like some other algae). When you say ammonia isn't decreasing "very much", how much? Is it going from 4 to 2, or 2 to 1, or just 1 to 0.25?
They forgot, "**No** customers".
None of my cars ever have, nor currently do.
Scratching was found to break nerve endings, relieving the sensation. Slapping will obscure the original message for the duration of the slap sensation and after effects, but the nerves will still be there to send the itch sensation afterward.
Sounds pretty cool ultimately, but yes, five millimeters a year, however... &gt; any other moss "Any other algae"? ;-) But that would be growing "up" rather than "out", as the algae's filaments spread, which might make it hard to direct growth where desired? I'd imagine it easier were it a moss rather than algae. Although I love the delightful irony of carpeting a tank in algae, which more typically is considered undesirable. PS: Now that I think of that, it would have to be taken into consideration particularly if spot treatment were used in the tank.
First invite without contact first, I just decline, only cursing if the popup interfered with what I was in the midst of doing. Second invite without contact I contact them asking them to stop. Third invite I'll notify them my next reaction will be to report them (as they are likely harassing more than just me with this behavior). Finally I'll report them if appropriate, in my half a decade of playing, it's never been necessary. Only once did it get to a more involved stage. Note also, many younger children play the game with various levels of parental involvement, and a fair number of less computer savvy older folks too, so communication helps resolve many of these issues. If someone acts surprised at my reaction, I explain it's rude to interfere with someone else's play experience with popups, and IMing first to let them know what you have in mind is polite. Then they also have info that might make them interested, rather than being turned off by the equivalent of street harassment.
And it's back up!
They did post on the forums logins will take a while to clear up, I'm not far away and first login was slow.
They've brought worlds back up again... "All LOTRO worlds are once again available. Thanks for your patience."
And I got stuck trying to open an instance, 15 minutes ago they reported, "We are continuing to investigate reports of login and performance issues." At this rate I'm imagining more down time tomorrow perhaps?
From Frelorn, "We believe we have found a fix for the current login and latency issues that players are reporting with the game. However a hotfix to the game will be required. In order for us to do this we will have to build an update, deploy it to our test server, and test it extensively before we can release the fix to the live servers. This means that while we will continue to try and mitigate any issues that occur tonight, we will not be able to deploy a fix for this issue until sometime tomorrow. We do understand this is not an optimal solution, however right now this is the only option we have. This issue was something that for whatever reason, did not appear on any of our tests including the live testing we did on Bullroarer. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause players."
Make other plans, or accept him for who he is. If you try to change him it won't stick and you want to find someone you are compatible with, not someone you'll be in conflict with. If he's as interested in you as you are in him, he'll reach out to you. If not, you'll be glad to have discovered this sooner (although it'll hurt tons in the short term) rather than later. Also explore "love languages", he may be demonstrating his love for you in a manner you aren't recognizing, rather than through this one you are expecting.
They'll be putting a potential fix on Gwaihir at noon EST (so downtime for maintenance then), which means waiting to observe results before attempting the same on other worlds if it works.
There was a how to in a book of "sneaky feats" I had as a kid, take an old empty check register, a strip of gauze cut to the size of a stack of bills, I think they used rubber cement as the glue applied to the register stubs, gauze set there, then stack of money. Once dry you can tear out bills like checks.
~~We can start patching w/the hotfix at this time apparently (it's just one small file).~~ We can log in now! (Took a moment for me.)
Bummer to hear. I lost one of my first shrimp to a preexisting bacterial infection I was too new to recognize I believe. Don't be too upset, we deal with so much info to start it's easy to be overwhelmed and not see things. http://www.shrimpcorner.co.uk/blog/post/18-common-freshwater-shrimp-disease-treatments Check section 9, it mentions formalin as a possible remedy, but you've already done the important part, isolate the affected shrimp so fungal spores don't get to others.
It's fully cycled when 4 ppm ammonia is fully processed in 24 hours. That means after adding the ammonia, 24 hours later there's 0 ammonia, 0 nitrites, and nitrates are so high off the charts they are toxic. Then you do a complete water change to safely add animals. So wait, you detect nitrates? That's good, they you remove via water changes. It sounds like you have the first type of bacteria but not a full colony of the second yet. If you do anything to reduce nitrites in competition to the bacteria, it will inhibit bacteria development. Also high levels of ammonia will too (bacteria like good water conditions too). I would do frequent small water changes to keep levels reasonable until it's cycled.
Follow the manual, all my cars have instructed to put a good front on the rear, and the donut on the front to not damage the differential. Damaging the differential is VERY expensive and their is no practical benefit to not butting the donut spare on the front unless you have a front wheel drive differential. If you have awd or 4x4, follow the manufacturers instructions.
I did this, but we failed to dictate parameters of the timeframe to accomplish it. My closing stretched out months as the seller's eviction process was delayed by vacations and the like. So if this is the course of action chosen, be sure to anticipate a seller wanting to collect another couple months of rent once they have a buyer hooked on the line.
Erm, what am I missing? I googled a bit and recent articles talk about a historical chemical that seems to have no bearing on either product now. Googling Teflon Always just results in this thread.
Vodka, no. Rum, always. Whiskey, always.
Helm's Deep is desired as there are seven skill trait points tied up there, the epic story isn't free through there, and five Battles are unlocked. There also isn't an alternative leveling region. (Battles give most xp, best jewelry aside from crafted essence at cap, and essences and FA symbols.)
It's likely they can't afford the maintenance, hence selling what should be a profitable property. You have three choices, two practical ones, move, or stay anticipating the first thing new owners will do is roof repair. The third is forcing roof repairs with the current, but that might be trying to get blood from stone. They wouldn't have offered you out of your lease (which they have broken by the way) if they could keep generating money. Or they perceive it as advantageous to sell. So, wait in bad conditions in hopes of new management improving things, or bail for better ground? Suing in the meantime won't fix the roof or speed the sale or get you moved any faster, but in the long term might financially benefit you. Edit: On second thought, suing is likely to just reach a settlement of letting you out of your lease as already offered.
*shrugs, that's just folks poor/unprofessional communication skills, much of the public has them, it's not relevant to the circumstances if you can separate your emotional reaction from your decision making process.
Might it be cheaper to invest in a bucket or two? Four-five five gallon ($3) buckets fill a 20 gallon. Shrimp like consistency, so usually treating what you have reliably is best. What is your tap water like, and what are you considering as an alternative? Are you planning on plants as well? Generally shrimp (and snails) like 6-14 degrees GH (general hardness, aka 100-250 ppm), and 3-15 dKh (carbonate hardness, aka 120-300 ppm). Total Dissolved Solids (TDS) around 80-200 for neocaridinas and 140-240 for caridinas. Note adding things can affect pH, so be sure you know and understand water chemistry beforehand!
I would respond with a letter warning that notice on the 20th will mean 30 days expires Feb. 21st, and offer to prorate Feb. to just three months. This makes the point about notice, sets foundation/expectation for potential deposit reduction, and gives you solid info to work with.
My insurance policies.
A toxin wouldn't be likely to cause an "ever decreasing" number, but rather a sudden die off. A symptom described like that sounds more like a health issue or disease to me.
Sound good! RemindMe! 2 Months
My tanks are low tech with predominantly slow growers, I'm not a good resource regarding dosing I'm afraid. It would depend how long their carcasses were left in the tank and how much of that time they were decomposing. It's good to remove dead bodies asap to avoid an ammonia spike. It does take hours for any ammonia to be converted to nitrites, and then again, more time for it to get converted to nitrates. But would be a drop in the bucket for such high nitrates. When they are that high, you can have twice as much, or three times and still read in the red.
Sounds like a form of focussed meditation to me.
Prior to learning language, images, then later sign language or whatever language learned. This is why it was so hard to teach Helen Keller, getting her mental associations to relate.
&gt; New question: Should I be concerned about these possible copper pipes? No. (OK, technically you could get trace copper in hot water left sitting in pipes. But we don't use hot to cook our shrimp, and hot typically has to run a while to get to us, which flushes out the pipes. Also what do you use to treat the water, does that product mention neutralizing heavy metals, that resolves any copper question. But copper pipes are everywhere, including in brand new homes with mainly PEX tubing for plumbing, and has no negative impact on folks' shrimp.) We obviously have limited info here to guess from, high nitrates is obviously a problem that can be improved, changing in dosing could have had an impact especially given the toxic environment to begin with, "rocking higher nitrates for a very long time" isn't a good thing, it's a bad thing that was causing more damage the longer it went on. A human on their death bed is more likely to die the longer they are there, rather than recover, something as simple as a common cold can exacerbate problems. Shrimp don't adjust to higher nitrates, they barely survive in a depleted condition, with shortened lifespan. I'll never know what happened to your shrimp. I do know future shrimp will have stronger constitutions if nitrates aren't poisoning them, enabling more likely survival of other changes. I do know fish stores, shrimp breeders, and healthy shrimp with copper supply pipes (and some products containing trace amounts of copper even). Look toward things that are known to have an impact, rather than red herrings that everyone has without issue, would be my suggestion. Also falls under fix what you do have control over.
Vice-versa, the though currently makes him sick, he's seeking a way to alleviate that, reframing it as desirable changes the emotional and resulting physical impact. Learned/associated "emotions" are not natural reactions, and a change in perspective results in different hormonal delivery.
First, ask for the doorknob to be changed with the justification that otherwise your insurance doesn't cover you. If refused, then offer to swap out the lock as a compromise, with receipt for purchased provided for the landlord to write the expense off on taxes. If refused, provide a written statement for the landlord to sign that they will be responsible for replacement of your possessions in case of theft, fire, or any otherwise insurable loss. Ask for proof of an "umbrella policy" as their homeowners won't cover your belongings. Finally, the contentious way to go about it would be to have a locking doorknob installed and reduce your rent by the amount (providing invoice). In the meantime, take pictures to document belongings! Note, it is reasonable and customary for the landlord to have a copy of the key to be able to manage the property and in case of emergency.
http://scarleteen.com/ is a great resource to educate yourself.
If you haven't played since Friday's fix, things have never been faster. I imagine they'll continue to tweak, but this weekend was a dream.
Likely compiled mostly from [these forum posts] (http://shrimpkeepersforum.com/forum/topic/5052-shrimp-diseases-and-diagnosis/) in case that one goes away in the future. Just want to get these resources more available.
It sounds like they were not without services but made their own choice to avoid a smell. If circumstances forced them out, then there'd be reason and insurance would cover a stay. I doubt your insurance would cover an inhabitable house, so no. Their choice is beyond your control.
Find and join some leveling kinships, let them know up front you want to find a good match so wish to try them out for a week and maybe move on, to return to them if that's ok. Think of it like dating. You want to find a group of folks that share your values, playtimes, etc. Ask questions of potential kin invites, then see how they function. Lotro-wiki is your friend, bookmark it. Plan out what crafting you take, a lot say take Explorer as first but I have no explorer so can make more stuff with fewer characters. The game drops best jewelry from Battles every five levels. Best armor from instances. It takes a ton of resources to craft sets of those. It take one to craft a weapon and you'll do that your whole game. Consumables like food, scholar scrolls, hope tokens are in constant use. Join instance runs when you see them offered. Let them know you are new and need to learn. Keep joining them as you level up. At level 20 Great Barrows Maze opens up, 22 GB Thadur, 24 GB Sambrog. Consider getting the Stone of the Tortoise if you truly like to take your time and challenges. You out level areas otherwise, which lets you move on, but can be too easy/boring without the challenge. Speaking of which, too hard? Come back to that in a level or two. Too easy? Do stuff up to four levels above. More than four and Deflects kick in, which is a jump in difficulty. Careful about time sinks, be sure what you are pursuing is fun for you and gives you a return on your time investment.
I look for a neighborhood where I'd want to live. Expect more turnover and vacancy than that, budget for even worse. Note not just do you lack the income while a unit is vacant, but have added expense of heat, electric, etc. Higher end tends to have more reliable tenancy in my experience. Renters aren't the home buying types generally, I've only had one couple go that way in all my years. Move outs happen due more to relationship changes and loss of income in my experience.
Bingo, the key to manipulating people is to make it seem they are choosing the best option for them, regardless of it also being the best for you. Presenting the options to them makes them feel in control. (They also might not realize how inexpensive this security is, and just assuming a locksmith is needed costing hundreds each, rather than a couple screws each.)
Yes, they revamped all epics to be soloable and now design them as such. Some give you an "Inspiration" buff in early levels, later you can choose group or solo versions of instances. There are none that can't be soloed on level or even four levels below if geared and know what your doing. Helm's Deep gets trickier for some, but that's 85-95, should know what your doing by then.
I guess she'd had enough of his premature expiration?
Heh, algae ball beard.
If you don't have a useful turkey baster or equivalent, can corner them with to end of some tubing. Barring that, I'd lower the bag into the aquarium so they can swim out themselves. There'll be little water exchange between bag and tank that way. You could also add extra water to the bag to dilute ammonia that's built up in it. Also could do a water change if ammonia bag water gets in your tank. Could also test it for ammonia beforehand, it might not be high enough to be an issue compared to smoothly transferring shrimplets.
Mastery doesn't have diminishing returns like crit. Once you start to get them high, I found I got 3% more damage from another mastery essence compared to 1% crit. I'd rather have another 3% all the time, rather than a tiny boost to infrequent hits.
There's only one primary English designated EU server remaining as I recall, the other is RP designated so not as popular. So unless you'd prefer one of the other languages primarily... ;-)
First relax, don't create a problem where there isn't one yet! Let the man do his job! No, you aren't liable for another's actions. He is liable for his choices. Be glad he's on top of it rather than having not discovered an issue until it was cold and no heat on a weekend. At the point in time the temperature drops below 60° or so, check the time. 24 hours after that if you are without heat, ask him what the plan is, depending on that answer, act accordingly. I've provided alternative heaters for my tenant's if an extended issue.
Biofilm most likely (if it's growing on surfaces rather than sediment settling on top).
Molestation carries with it the assumption the perpetrator intends to molest. Here you have some reactions as someone molested, but the perpetrator might just have been playing, might have been coping, might just been like so many kids playing doctor who know it's a private, not public activity, which parents are likely to interfere with. Kids experimenting with bodies is normal growth, but if you were traumatized by it, or have reactions now as an adult which negatively impedes your own healthy sexuality/relationships that you can't resolve on your own, I'd get in touch with a therapist.
Are you dosing anything? Green spot algae says things are out of balance, specifically lack of phosphate per common net wisdom, so potassium phosphate is often dosed, which takes time to clear it up. Nerite snails will consume it, although they tend to be too heavy for most plant leaves. Red cherry shrimp eat algae too and are more nimble. Although you'd need to cycle the tank before adding animals (presuming there are none currently), which if you never intended to do or lack enough filtering surface area and water flow... Which brings us to, anything you know changing with the tank, or cycling it, IE, could the cloudiness be a bacterial bloom? Finally, what is the current lighting, does it have the wavelengths algae appreciate? Is it on a timer? Does it have a break in the middle of the timing or just constant? Typically reducing the duration, and having an hour break in the midst discourages algae but promotes plants (equivalent to a midsummer storm in the tropics). So regarding the green spot: food, energy, animal removal? I obviously have less of a clue about the opaqueness.
I like it, I'd lower finesse and incoming healing for mitigations. Since not a crowd control class, finesse isn't as important, you'll just swing again, but as a melee class surviving is important, you can't DPS if defeated. You also can't be blocked or parried if attacking from behind as you always should be in a group, making finesse nearly a complete waste given infrequency of evades. I have one finesse essence on my burg because if my mez fails, it's likely a wipe, otherwise I'd have none. I'd lower your incoming healing too to make room for mits. Healers are balanced to heal tanks morale pools, my minstrels Bolster Courage nearly refills a hurting tank's 40-50k morale and incidentally heals the group. Only the tiniest of heals won't take care of a measly 24k morale pool. But if you are taking a ton more damage because your mits aren't capped, then you'll be one-shot, and all the incoming healing rating in the world won't help. (We don't even in-combat rez those DPSers, as they just go right down at next big damage, been there, done that, heh, with a cappy in Dome four times a couple days ago.) Mitigation warding scrolls give almost 1500 to mits, so you don't need to be right at T2 cap, but I recommend about 1500 under, that'll bring you over cap with other group buffs. Some'll say to be over cap due to higher level bosses in instances, but I've never seen trouble this way. Everything else looks great, I'd be happy healing you in Osgiliath T2 instances with that plan. :-)
My first question is where are you in the process? It looks like you aren't at the end of cycling, or you'd have Nitrates. Have you not cycled yet? Or did you cycle and have done a complete water change? Or is this source water you are looking at considering if you should use it for shrimp? If you are seeking 100-250 for GH, you're obviously a bit too high and would want to cut it. The 180 falls within a 120-300ish range for KH. My RCH are happy w/a pH of 7.8. So, what's the context here? What's your plan?
Call them if you can during phone support hours, their support is awesome! They'll fix you up fastest. If you submitted a ticket Friday, well, it's Monday now...so you haven't even begun to wait yet. They are also overloaded with support tickets due to recent transfers. If you call, let them know to look #or and close your ticket so they don't waste time. Chat channels are not a support method, heh. In game support can't help with account issues, and close at 1:00 am /servertime, so tickets entered after then will be closed come next morn typically since the player's no longer online. Opening multiple tickets causes it to be slower, as it takes them time to find the extras and close them. So, in the future, account related stuff, web ticket for offline support or call. Stuck, harassment, gold spammer, in game help during hours, after 1 am /servertime don't bother.
Are your four live plants taking over your tank enough that it didn't get eaten? Remember shrimp are a step above algae on the food chain. Cover the filter intake with some foam or filter floss.
Do pet stores in your area do water tests for customers of samples brought in? I ask because test strips are not know for being as accurate as liquid drop tests. This would give a comparison basis and prove out that it is that hard. If it proves to be and you do want to cut it down, I'd change it very gradually, shrimp are known for liking consistent parameters rather than changes, even if the conditions aren't optimal. Dying during molting is one issue I have read from too hard conditions. If you don't have that happen, no worries perhaps?
The problem is smart guys who can build it, take care of themselves, and entertain themselves don't need week kneed folk in their lives, nor have time for them!
In my case former landlords are weighted highest, followed by employment refs., then friends more for entertainment.
Same as any baby, imagery; then the language they learn, typically sign language.
Grieving the loss of someone precious to you is something we don't do well nowadays teaching our kids. Many never learn how to grieve, and their first love lost is the first time they try. Grieving is a skill that can be improved so it's negative impacts may be lessened I have found. As such, folks responses tend to not be supportive because they don't know how to endorse a process they are unfamiliar with, and just seek to avoid the stress of the moment. *hugs
An ex questioned me after seeing me not upset in the face of someone screaming at me, to which I replied, "It wasn't about me, they were just venting".
Prime removes trace amounts of copper if there's no other heavy metals. Up to 1.3 ppm, but less if there's lead or nickel (in amounts of just ppb, that's b as in billion). I've seen some not have problems with tiny amounts of copper in things, and others say their problems were due to it. There is a specific copper removing product though.
Yes, tell the counsellor, "he recently raped me", so the counsellor knows what is being dealt with. Your are seeking support, which is good and healthy, the next step is hard, and my condolences this was done to you.
Don't give in to your own negative perspective, fight it with positive! He appreciates you despite her being around. There will always be a "her" around, only you can resolve your own issues since they are not from external sources. I agree asking him neither would help nor resolve anything since any answer still leaves you with yourself. Change the thoughts running in your head, appreciate your friend(s) and let them appreciate you. PS: Everybody is not infatuated with any one "got it all" person, as everyone has their own tastes. You might pick her, but I certainly would not. Many "have it all" types are intimidating to others, or folks can't figure out how they would fit in their life. The entire presumption is invalid, but I know that has no bearing on the circumstance of what is running through your mind. Avoiding her won't benefit anything as you'll still be with your thoughts.
It sends out tendrils, needs regular trimming to contain it/make it denser. Folks do java moss walls, tubes, carpeting, etc. Just like plants, prune for density/health. How fast it grows obviously depends on conditions, but it is known as "easy" as it grows readily in a wide range.
Nice, you and I have rather different tastes, Forochel doesn't appeal to me either. ;-) That's one nice thing about Lotro, there's different flavor in different areas so you can spend more time where you enjoy the most!
Sounds like a reasonable explanation for the bacterial bloom, awesome that is resolving itself. :-) My pause in timer/lighting is shorter than yours, just half an hour, *shrugs. Since you already have that setup, can't add it obviously. Only you know what your tank lighting can handle, would a reduction in overall time make sense? I like your plan, I have water sprite floating in mine. Note, that's a long range plan.
Gah. French drain added, sump and dehumidifier? Improvement. Remediation/sealing/cleaning? Repair. Would I break them apart? No comment? ;p If the invoiced expenses are predominantly one category, I'd put it in that justifiably.
Well, first you feed them honey to charge up. Sorry. I've been on the receiving end of the heal everything around in a giant radius skill, great for repairing stuff in Battles. Seemed pretty spammable too.
Wait, back up a moment, what are these problems? Do you have heat, hot water, and is the place sanitary? Is the roof solid and no water where it shouldn't be? Legally those types of things are what is required most places. Note that does not include refrigeration or AC. A landlord is not your husband, if you want someone to do odd jobs, hire a handyman or date a guy. If you want to make changes to a property, ask permission in writing and get approval then pay for it if endorsed. If you make changes they don't okay, expect to pay to restore things when you leave. Most only do temporary things that can easily be undone upon moving out. Your security deposit is on the line. If you have troubles talking on the phone, practice with someone to develop the life skill of being able to make a call as well, instead of being stuck only using email/text. Successful communication means meeting the other halfway, not just broadcasting at someone, but interacting with them. Sure you can document things to use against them later, but that gives an untrustworthy vibe, you also end up here, not knowing their feeling on the matter since you didn't hear their tone of voice, or see their expression of regret renting to you. So to answer your final query, there is no magic phrase that elicits a response as everyone is different and unique individuals have their own motivations. If your desired changes are not in line with their goals, that's not going to work. If your desires impact renting to future tenants, that's not going to work either. But the only folk who have those answers are them.
Fixed or added? A simple guideline is if you are purchasing new equipment, that's not a repair; if you are buying parts, that's a repair. If something wasn't there before, and now is there, it's an improvement. If the fan in the radon mitigation system needed replacement, that's a repair.
If you feel some are sparse, you won't feel HD is a slog, you'll like it quantity of quests. :-)
I'd pick the topmost server on the list if you've never logged in before. That recommended world (was Crickhollow last I knew for US) will have the most new players levelling along with you. This means there'll be plenty for groups around your level at most times.
"I'm sorry, I don't share the feelings that you seem to have. You are wonderful, and I don't want to hurt you by not respecting your feelings, or taking advantage of them. My condolences." The key is to make the problem about yourself, while boosting them, this lets you both feel good about the outcome rather than hurting more.
Ask questions of them. Then ask the same questions of their references. That's how you discover "acts" or lies. Learn rental laws, the basics at least will be online on your local legislative or judicial websites. Note it may be illegal to want "younger" as it discriminates against elderly. You may discriminate on gender only if you live there. You may discriminate on smoking. Use the court website to look up prior convictions or evictions, if available. Take date stamped pictures of all the walls, floor, ceiling, windows prior to their move in. Take pics when they move out. Take care of their security deposit professionally please.
I'm with ya', tossed in some water sprite a few weeks ago, floating, low tech, divided one into three yesterday. They all are merrily producing new leaves faster than the anubias and java fern, which each have produced one. Guess they like ammonia!? Heh. Actually, now that I think about it, the two smaller I tossed in my existing jarrarium with shrimp haven't been as happy!
That's a rough time slot, we used to have a guy who worked nights play then. How about Oceanic folk? Didn't they vote and head to a certain server?
Wasp spray isn't legal to use on people, it might even be a federal offense!
Get a therapist to teach you processing and coping skills. Processing the memories at more appropriate times will help, rather than denying them, then becoming overwhelmed at bad/unsafe times.
There are zillions of youtube videos explaining the nitrogen cycle. How long has the tank been running? If over a month and you regularly get nitrates with low to now ammonia/nitrite it sounds like it's probably good. Typically early on you have ammonia, then that lowers and you get nitrites, then those lower and you get tons of nitrates. The goal is 4 ppm ammonia reduces to 0 and all the nitrites produce reduce to 0 in a 24 hour period.
I have a sweet tooth too, dislike bitter foods/beer, love fruit, Pyrat rum some here don't like due to it's sweetness and orange note, but it has little after burn and from your description sounds like one you'd enjoy straight more. Mixed, try a daiquiri or similar. Mojito fits the bill too but only if the bar offers it/isn't busy, as it takes time to make.
Have they all been sourced from the same place/supplier? How have you acclimated them to the new conditions? What parameters did they come from? What did the dead ones look like? Odd color patches? Shell problems?
Here's my question, as your post is all about his likes/behaviors, do *you* like him? Or do you wish to reject him? Your feelings are a priority, if you like him, let him know, then he can respond instead of continuously testing, or taking advantage of your accommodating nature. If you don't want his attention, make that clear and don't allow him to be that affectionate with you.
That all sounds good to me, and comprehensive. (I had one come to me with a bacterial infection apparently, it increased and passed a week or so after living with me sadly, it's mate has lived on, others have been happy since.) Your acclimation process sounds good generally... I have had molting, with GH 6 and KH 3 (bottom end of the range), so that'd be my only guess, sorry to not be of more help.
I don't care what gender (or lack thereof) or age a partner's friends are, I trust them. If they aren't trustworthy, then they aren't my friend, much less a partner. I do want partners to have healthy social interactions with everyone, without discrimination, I couldn't fathom inhibiting that--of course priorities and boundaries exist.
Then tell him no if you want, you have all the leverage. I'd want to move out to better accommodations, so might ask to be released from the lease with full security deposit returned (in writing) if he wants to charge for a visitor. On another note, most areas require heat of a certain minimum between specified dates. If you are there come autumn, I'd send a copy of that law prior to that date.
Neither.
In the transfer panel on the launcher is a direct link to get them. They had been doing maintenance to stuff, but that should be done by now.
Investing. Law courses. This was the best I took, one night covered contract law, another night landlord/tenant, another court system, etc. Real estate. Any handyman type stuff, which is also covered by YouTube nowadays, be sure to watch multiple videos on a subject to see what others left out or are bad techniques.
Actually a sage is more like a burg, it's all about the debuffs, not like an RK. The sages utility is to reduce incoming damage so you can focus on blowing stuff up. If any skirm soldier is tanking, I'm not dpsing enough. I might give an herbalist one or two mobs, but don't know why you'd choose to swarm yours. I might do that w/my burg for positional damage for example.
I'd request a refund if there are alternative resources, as they aren't providing the product you ordered as expected (most I've seen indicate they ship the following Monday). It's good they clearly communicated the timeframes and issues, but that doesn't change that they are not fulfilling their end of the contract, it just allows you to accommodate them if desired. Worse, there's now a wider range of issues that might further delay things now, license reapplication issues/denial/shipping/etc. In my opinion, stock should be on hand, ready to go unless otherwise specified or an emergency (disease, parasites, fire, earthquake, death, theft, or other unforeseen prevents shipping). If you want to wait, it's just a couple of weeks, no biggy, in the meantime I'd double-check eBay policies and guaranty time limits, be sure nothing extends beyond a time you may make a claim. The other thing I'd do is keep a record of all transactions, download/copy/screenshot the eBay listing with shipping info detailed. If they do refund you, I'd rate them highly in communication and promptness as appropriate. If they are reticent to do so, then it gets thicker. eBay is very much on the side of purchasers, so no worries there, but that's a hard thing to have happen to a seller.
If you lower your head/shoulders with your arms outstretched, that's telling a dog you want to play. Your dog doing it is to tell you they want to play. Dogs doing it with each other are likely to play. It sounds less like your dog is mimicking his human than his human failing to learn dog. ;p
&gt; Fuck that No!
What about disease of hermaphrodites, those who have neither xx nor xy chromosomes, or extras, or have cells that are a mix of both?
