Most evangelicals are similarly damaged so they identify. JESUS saves!
Rocky Horror ?
No it's more that he said back in January he gave a million, when in fact he hadn't and probably wouldn't have if not for the reporting. So he's a l i a r
There's no proof of anything he claims. Trump fools just belieive this bozo no matter what
Well that's obvious bullshit. You believe that?
Educate us
Trump was ridiculous today
And his base
Donald will probably ignore this
I guess you didn't notice Trump's a pussy and Bernie spooked him
A check is a check. I've held multimillion $ checks for crying out loud. There's no months and months. Even for a charity. it's not that hard. 21 century banking
Trump looked rattled actually
No he was truly pussylike. This is just some reporters got him calling people names. No man babies in the white house please
&gt;No real issues to attack trump on Funny
Are you sure?
Except that's not true
Losing to Hillary will damage Trump. Who's going to want a loser name on their building? Ivanka says "gee thanks dad for fucking up the brand"
So these revelations _will_ hurt him?
Fairly sure the oppo research has been prepared and just waiting for Bernie to say buhbye
Wow did you interview _everyone_ at that free seminar you went to?
&gt;Most legal experts on TV You do research like trump does research
Ron Paul!!?
Man baby tantrum
Won't happen
Gee I wonder why
And then you get your facts straight
Maybe home depot needs to be taken to court?
This would be congress's doing
Delusional
Real evil eh
Yeah debates don't work like trump rallys
Values like: increased use of torture? Banning Muslims? Nuclear weapons for everybody?
To late. He's fully on record endorsing trump. Unless he deletes the tweet
Stern never said crazy dumb sounding shit like trump has
Yeah in all of that, you didn't actually produce any evidence her server was successfully hacked. Your "true belief" doesn't count
Except he's still respected and sought after
He's sure said a lot of things that have people convinced he got on Clintons server
Nothing there will put her in jail
"I love the poorly educated"
Last time a presidential candidate called for opponent to be jailed? Anyone?
i'm gonna call bullshit and ask you to produce proof of this fact
There's no implication. He's come right out and said that
Stop reading here
He upped his game: he's calling her Lyin' Crooked Hillary now.
You have no idea if what you said is true or not
But but everyone here tells me her guilt is obvious!?
Sorry, This isn't how the legal system works
Handsome man baby
"Torture works. Believe me folks torture works"
To bad you're not constantly around to tell everyone what Trump actually means when he says stupid shit
Every single down ticket Republican will need to answer for the shit trump says
Sounds like an Iraq war vote .. "what else can I Do?". Trump's post mortem will be an embarrassment hard to live down by the GOP
Sounds hyperbolic
Trump will be despised like Romney a year from now
This is _not_ an analogy.
descent?
Very hard to not post a low effort response to this one
I keep reading about Bernie supporters vowing to vote trump
"Donald, you're going to say whatever dumb shit comes into your head anyway, so why should I bother writing this speech?"
The FLOTUS doesn't perform services?
This assumes trump doesn't do something completely stupid, which seems more and more likely
&gt; Admit his mistake Yeah no not gonna happen
It's called "get real"
The swift boating has begun
Do you work everywhere?
What are you quoting there?
You honestly think you can accuse a senator of crimes for their voting record?
Read some history
In his dreams
No he didn't say awful. He said "ugly". Does he talk about men this way?
Likely ?
Wrecked was the word
I'd leave the P for pedo off that list
No idea what this means
Guns are hugely more lethal
Why isnt he using your words?
Incorrect
No
Not that brutal
That's all it was
But he can't win an election
Sorry that makes no sense
Proof?
If you're a young clueless redditor maybe not
This massive risk thing you're on is really laughable
Nobody heavily criticized that speech except poor Donald
The most thought out plan he has is what he's going to watch on TV tonight
Lol good one
Lol right
Amazingly she probably can
Trump only mentioned the judge being Mexican as a reason why he couldn't be fair.
I am going to go ahead and underestimate him. I am nearly certain he's going to self implode in the next 3 months. The primary was easy peasy because he always had a fresh dumb target. He's making up targets now because he needs to rail, and ultimately has no idea how to compete against a smarter woman. Trump brand will be garbage next year.
His supporters who do that are the poorly educated ones he loves so much
OK if they aren't yet classified?
Except that he's now _proved_ himself a racist. It's undeniable. which is going to be a big GOP problem
What "thinly veiled racism" are you referring to? You mean the overt racism?
Get your facts straight
Agreed. It's not crazy if you think like a racist
Your analogy isn't analogous
Many humans hate trump. Therefore literally any judge would be biased?
Baloney
Then GTFO
Actually there exists a much more reliably ignorant generation..
Who says you vote?
Prove it
So Trump needs other people to explain his bullshit because he can't?
Are we taking about rallys here?
What a stretch
Nobody said he started last week. He did say nobody running for president should be using a teleprompter. And now he's using one. All your words don't erase his blatant hypocrisy
He's not talking to anyone on MSNBC any more
My money on Gingrich also. That guys ego is just as big as Donald's and has history with the Clintons
The bandaid is pretty much off already
All those things have already happened
The post mortem is going to be gloriously ugly
&gt; often given the final decision Nope, this doesn't happen for anything serious. The president is responsible for and makes the decisions
Almost any success story starts out with a passionate but talentless individual who would not give up
What about: FBI doesn't recommend indictment. Case closed
Where did you come up with this crazy idea
So you admire an unchanging view on gay marriage
Plurality, not majority
Lol this one made me laff
How does that logic work?
In 2009?
Blackberry sending clear text?
Everyone's interpretation of what she did is different. So much made up stuff
Rumors
Are you claiming she did _not_ use SIPRNet for top secret comms?
Very little reading is occurring like usual at the Reddit
Lol seriously how long is temporary?
What if you are mistaken?
Solid evidence eh?
Or Reddit
Apparently
Bernie... has... no... chance.
And yet this "criminal" has never been charged with any crime
Like you represent all Bernie supporters
"Very different" is incorrect
Yeah that's what you were told
Nepotism means favoring relatives or friends. VP choice will be a friend. So it'll be nepotism no matter what
I wish one of the pundits would ask him about all that
Holy shit. LOL really?
There is only one opinion in this sub
Like every day!
Except that's not true
bazinga
She used a PC. You need to do better research
You should write for a right wing blog
Proof?
Trump is doing what's important for Trump just like when he was donating to the Clintons. So you actually have no idea what he'll do
She's more qualified than anyone else who ran.
What does the word "neocon" mean to you cause you're using it wrong
Trump's already won the nomination
And he's never stopped believing it
Much like some email problems
Can you supply some proof of this claim?
Trump can't win. There's no math that gets him there
Illegal? Or just against rules?
Won't happen
Then why hasn't and why won't she be in jail? Is everyone so utterly incompetent that they can't make literally anything but a blowjob stick?
Just unsubscribe r/politics simple
When did he ever have this "presidential style" to dump?
Warren never claimed to be Native American for some tax credit
Such high expectations of a world leader you have
You're lost in time. That shit hasn't happened for decades
He's really shitty at it too
Cool
Steal what benefits?
To a trump supporter
And then Trump chokes like a dog in the general . And next year nobody will want his endorsement
yeah gonna be some really confused trump-evangelicals
surprise: Not everybody feels like you do
ANd there you have the definition of "temporary"
trump is seriously not as clever as you imagine
you mean plagiarising
well a "temporary" ban on all Muslims imposed 35 years ago might have stopped this one...
so should be easy to deport them all no?
i really don't think he'll get even 40% of American voters
i bet he never says anything about victims being gay or lgbt.
NRA is _totally_ okay with that
I think it was the kiss pushed him over
Literally impossible to stop every last crazy person from killing
I don't think it's so rare that law enforcement stops crimes
He gets pressed in most interviews but he only gives 10 minute phone interviews while he's on the pot and ignores difficult questions
Don't you wonder why trump always needs some apologist to explain his words?
Well there was r/AskReddit, but facts
That's the beauty of this comment. Trump implies both: Obama is Muslim (wrong) and ergo as a Muslim he loves ISIS (wrong)
I dunno. Maybe some things, especially the difficult problems, take time and effort to solve?
Morning Joe hung up on Donald once
How to determine if a person is Muslim?
Are we at war with all of Islam?
Only if they're sane
So we're at war with all of Islam correct?
Alleged. There should be a "may have" in the title
&gt; those who already need our help Would be...?
What would Donald do without you to help him out
That's called "Reddit reasoning"
You mean make it up
She's not being investigated for terrorist activity
Your just making shit up now
"How to win the white house forever"
