[Kelly Brook from some shitty movie](http://www.xvideos.com/video224433/kelly_brook_sex_compilation)
But, IPR and stuff.
[Now, the NZC states that they did not reject the offer](http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/cricket/81053404/new-zealand-cricket-rejects-reports-they-have-pulled-out-of-daynight-test-in-india)
I don't know what to believe. :(
Right. Although, most countries have their home seasons during Oct-May.
&gt; why not go for a ball change, much earlier than the 80th over? That would require a fundamental rule change and we don't know what is the exact duration of overs that are acceptable for the pink ball, yet. Also, SG ball is used in India. SG don't have a pink ball that is comparable in quality to the Kookaburra one. BCCI have decided to use the Kookaburra ball in the upcoming day-night matches but we don't how they would fare in the Indian conditions.
BCCI said nothing, the media is creating baseless stories.
Not specific dates but, the Tests would be held from the 1st week of November to the 3rd week of December.
Yes, swing has to do with overhead conditions which these two have not exploited well in the previous 2 matches. They bowl 2-3 good balls in an over but the other balls release the pressure. If they were playing against a better side, their figures would have been completely different.
1st Six by Zimbabwe in the series?
No.
Go for the Soundmagic E10S. It provides a nice balanced sound and has good build quality. This is a good page on budget earphones: http://thewirecutter.com/reviews/best-headphones-under-40/
Why the /s?
Good stuff from Rahul, getting a move on.
Yeah, but generally if the company is not sponsoring them, players tend to play with a sticker-less bat.
OnePlus 3 Compact?
&gt; Anyone who actually matters in your life will call/TXT when they want to talk. FB adds absolutely nothing. This. FB just adds clutter to your life. The unnecessary and annoying notifications just ruin everything.
* Is the skin bloated or close to stock? * What's the battery life like? * Do you have any idea about its international availability?
Oooh, where have I heard that before?
WUT WAS THAT?
WOW, that is a long presentation party!
What? Fastest Player? Stylish Player? WTF?
Atul Wassan. WHAT A CHOOT!
&gt; Jadeja&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Axar I'm not so sure about that.
&gt; with the top two teams playing off in a final. There's no point in organising that.
It would depend on the batsmen, tbh. If you ask the South Africans, they'd say that Nagpur against Ashwin and Jadeja is the toughest pitch in the world, whereas if you ask a sub-continental player, it may be Headingley.
It would be the same for Nepal and Afghanistan. Their home matches would be held in India.
Overtime, the administrators and curators would realise that they don't need a heavy covering of grass on the pitch for the ball to last 80 overs. BCCI should experiment with different kinds of pitches in the Duleep Trophy to test out the viability and durability of the pink ball.
Does this require a VPN?
Yes, but some of them have a myopic view of the situation. They think that interest in Test cricket would decline in Bangladesh if they are in the 2nd division, because it is a "lower" division. They are not thinking about the future where they could actually be a competitive side in the format. Even most of the users from Bangladesh on this sub vehemently opposed this structure when it was first mooted.
&gt; Also they probably aren't interested in playing the Netherlands or Afghanistan Which is pretty rich of them. They complain and bemoan the lack of fixtures against top sides but aren't themselves willing to play against sides ranked lower than them.
Test league, ODI league and now this. It's an exciting time for the sport.
&gt; It isn't any less of a truth that top teams never wants to play test matches with us Yes, that's true but Bangladesh has also continually favoured LOIs to Tests. Also, they haven't invited lower ranked teams like Ireland and Afghanistan to play in Bangladesh.
I think the rights of the matches may be sold collectively. So, if a broadcaster buys NZ vs India, they'd also have to buy the rights for NZ vs SL. It would be awesome if there was some sort of paid streaming service where we could watch all the international matches.
The exact details are not clear, but yes this would help cricket reach a wider audience. This would also help in getting revenue for the less lucrative matches and it may make it easier for a viewer to access matches taking place in a different part of the world.
Another option that the PCB could look at is staging their Test matches in England. There may be certain logistical problems, but they would get a better crowd and the timings would make it favourable for the viewers in Pakistan.
&gt; We play test with Zim often [Right](http://www.espncricinfo.com/bangladesh/content/story/953861.html) &gt;Ireland and Afghanisthan DO NOT have test status. But, they do have ODI and T20 status.
Don't think CA would schedule the Day-Night Test at Perth even if the series has one.
Yeah, but he practically ruined the team. Most of the players have come out and said that the team environment during Chappell's tenure was toxic. TBH, there was too much drama off the field when he was the coach of the team.
Noiice Cricinfo link, mate.
&gt; anus is on the bowling side
No. I didn't carry a second battery when I had a phone with user replaceable battery. Also, I have faced major battery issues in phones with a user replaceable battery, but that could also be due to the general improvement in hardware technology. Secondly, a phone without a user-replaceable battery actually makes it less cumbersome to change the SIM card and restart the phone.
Yes.
I'm just waiting for the conspiracy theorists to come up with a story which says that Kumble was selected for the job just because he is "close" to Ganguly, Tendulkar and Laxman.
Depends on how they structure the qualification process. Even if England qualify, a 2-3 week gap in their season every 4 years isn't going to be catastrophic for ECB's earnings. There are too many meaningless matches currently in their schedule.
&gt; he said he wants to carve out a home-season window I think he meant that India would have a definite home season in the months of October-November and possibly Feb-Mar. This season's schedule definitely adheres to that statement and possibly we would see similar scheduling in future seasons.
As expected. It's a dumb decision.
Oh yeah, I remember that thing.
Why are these special edition phones from Samsung so expensive? I doubt that they would cost that much to build. These phones are an easy way for Samsung to make some cheap cash by charging a $100 premium and selling it to the general public. But, they price them exorbitantly and sell them in some inconspicuous way just to attract some headlines.
Yes, that's why they should make more of these units and sell them to the general public for $100-150 premium. People would lap it up and they would extract more profit out of these phones.
Yeah, but the Tests have to finish before Christmas. So, that leaves a 7 week window for 5 Tests plus travel, warm-up matches etc.
Tri-Series may be a way for some of the big teams to get their requisite matches against smaller teams out of the way. If the structure is implemented, there may be a tri-series involving Australia, India and Afghanistan.
Obligatory Fuck BCCI. ^^Fuck ^^IOA ^^too
But they did jackshit to get that mil.
&gt; creating a bigger gap between established test nations and the newer sides? There is already a huge gap among the top nations and the ones in the bottom. Sides like the West Indies and Bangladesh can't compete with Australia or England, as evidenced by recent series. Where the proposed structure is different from the current is that the lower ranked nations have a guaranteed number of matches scheduled for them. Secondly, these matches are against oppositions of similar ability, so Bangladesh won't be annihilated like they have been for the past 16 years, which I think is the primary reason for the decline in interest in Test cricket among their fans. This structure also helps in creating more Test playing countries, so that the game is not dependent on these 10 countries and their success. Ireland and Afghanistan get Test status and the best teams from the Intercontinental Cup get a chance at playing Test cricket. This meritocratic way creates more interest in the game among the smaller nations. We could see 20 nations playing Test cricket in multiple divisions in around 10-12 years if this structure is implemented. BCB just doesn't want to give away the free pass it got into this "elite" club 16 years ago.
[(ノ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ノ︵┻┻](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcnogXICTeA&amp;t=1m13s)
The World Cricket League and the Intercontinental Cup are closed competitions, the winners don't get to play against the top teams of the world. How can you expect a team to beat any of the top sides when they don't even get to play international cricket? Teams like Netherlands and Scotland barely get any matches, even against other associates let alone the big teams. &gt;Despite beating WI and Zimbabwe Just goes to show that teams like Ireland and Afghanistan have the ability to beat bottom-ranked full members if they are given adequate opportunities. The proposed structure isn't a closed-off structure, it just gives a definite number of matches to each team against teams in their division and they are free to schedule matches against teams in the other division. I don't know why Bangladesh want to continue with the current structure, they don't get any matches against the top sides, at least with the new structure they have the opportunity to play matches against other sides which would give them more experience. This whole regression thing is just based on the perception that they are being demoted and thus, people would stop playing cricket in the country. &gt;You can't improve by playing against only two or three competitive teams Exactly. That is why we need a meritocratic structure by which more teams play Test cricket and the more cricket they play, against varied oppositions, the better they would get.
He was a South African. The residency rule has nothing to do with the EU.
They won't increase the teams in the qualifier stage. A 10-team first round would be too long. EDIT: Also, I hope that instead of giving 8 full members direct entry to the Super 12 stage, they decide that the Top 4 teams of the groups qualify for the next tournament's Super 12 round. It wouldn't make much of a difference in the composition of the teams but, it would give all the teams something to play for throughout the tournament.
Yeah, but the Kotla is a shit ground. They can't even expand the stadium due to its location.
The location is great, but the facilities are not up to international standards.
Yeah, it's really good. They're still developing it, I guess. It's really far for a person living in the heart of Delhi.
&gt;Top Comment &gt;Sangakkara is the most cunning, selfish and two-faced cricketer ever. Just see the way he asked his bowler to bowl a no ball on the last ball so Sehwag couldn''''t get his century. TOI comments section &gt; Cricinfo comments section
Don't know but Sangakkara was the captain, and I don't think Suraj Randiv would've known about this rule.
Hey Dinesh, nice chain. Do you choke your mom with it when you put your penis in her butthole?
This phone depresses the LCD display inside the screen when you press the glass.
That absolutely did not happen, at all.
[I'll just let IndiaTV do the talking](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SayybzYkzcs)
Yeah.
They played 4 when SA toured India, we got a nice odd numbered 3-0 win.
YAAAASSSSSSSS!
&gt; The change should come from within. So never?
&gt; BCCI is a private body. Not really, it's functions are public. The finances of the organisation are like a public body and it is run by the same babus and politicians that are running the government. Basically, it's a concoction of various conflict of interests.
Nobody know for sure, and most probably it wouldn't affect the cricketing side of things.
You're right but the Aussies and their selectors rely too much on his bowling stats on Australian pitches to take such a gamble. They will most probably pick Agar who'll get belted around the park like Ansari, Batty and co. in the recent England series.
&gt; BCCI was registered under a Tamil Nadu law that defined it as a private society so whatever it's functions may be, it is still a private body. Yes, but the SC can still direct a private body regarding it's functioning and MoA since it affects the public interests. &gt;Supreme Court believes that as BCCI is providing a public service, it should be accountable to the public. I find that logic retarded. &gt;We'll have to agree to disagree on this point. True. &gt; There is nothing preventing MPs from holding office in sports bodies (or any other institutions for that matter). Everybody is in Conflict of interest but that does not mean they are doing something illegal I don't get why conflict of interest is not a serious issue in India. Nobody is saying that holding both positions is illegal but it is morally and ethically incorrect. Even the BCCI issued directives which prevented people from holding positions which were deemed to be conflict of interests.
&gt; I wish there was some nuance when these discussion happen. Thanks for providing oodles of it.
&gt; Unless good organizations like BCCI You went too far there, Anurag.
I guess the BCCI would organise if the CA asked them for practice matches. The problem is that Australia have such a packed calendar. I think they may have at least 1 warm-up game before the start of the series which may be announced later.
&gt; Think Rabada's still unexperienced, would've gone with Hazlewould Rabada picked up 46 wickets at an average of 23 and SR of 36 while Hazlewood picked up 42 wickets at 28 with SR of 60. Also, he single-handedly won a couple of matches for SA. &gt; Also, 2 spinners doesn't work in say NZ and SA, perhaps replace Herath with Aamir Herath was the 2nd highest wicket-taker in 2016. An attack of 3 seamers and 2 spinners works on any pitch that isn't a green top.
Congrats to all the winners, especially /u/RaylanCrowder and /u/SepulchreofAzrael for the double wins.
Would also include Rohit Sharma in that list, can single-handedly win the match on his day. Really wish MS Dhoni and Bumrah were playing in this year's BBL. MSD needs to play in these leagues to stay match fit since he has a lot of free time these days. Bumrah could also prosper with such experiences early in his career.
/u/lee98 for creating this amazing sub.
/u/thedeatheater1410 for shitposting on the Wankhede big screen.
Who would you drop?
stream pls.
Ahh, the Basin and Hagley Oval. Best places to play cricket in NZ.
*checks his age* Fucking hell, he's younger than me.
Fuck, how the hell is this Renshaw guy only 20?
Just when you thought that they couldn't go further down the table.
It's the ol'reddit switcharoo.
[My view for today](https://i.redd.it/llyns1igpg7y.jpg)
**C.B.R.L.S. Kumara.exe** extracting... Chandradasa Brahammana Ralalage Lahiru Sudesh Kumara ^^^old ^^^shit
&gt;economical. Considering the scores in the series.
How shit are the Sixers if they manage to lose this?
Can't generalise based on an obvious troll's repetitive tirades.
Yeah, but Dhoni isn't playing, is he? Most of the young guys wouldn't be picked because the teams would only want the best overseas talent available. Don't see why guys like Yuvraj and Raina shouldn't play in the BBL if given the opportunity. They won't ever play Test cricket and the BBL stint would give them exposure for future limited-overs matches in Australia.
Don't know if that's true though. The winner of the 2016 WT20 didn't play any T20Is in the lead up to the tournament. WI played their last T20I 5 months before the start of the tournament. England, the runners-up, played a couple of T20I a month before the tournament in SA. Generally, very few teams play many T20Is in the lead up to the tournament. These matches are just scattered across the calendar, played as an afterthought at the end of a long tour. It would be better for the teams and the fans if there were regional qualifying tournaments for the WT20, a few months before the tournament and these shall be the only T20Is outside the main tournaments.
TBF, India wasn't that good during that era and this reflects the financial stature of Indian cricket in the 90s. This wouldn't happen today because both those situations have been reversed.
Ramiz Raja, James Brayshaw and Sanjay Manjrekar. I want to go deaf.
Why did you link a photo of the team from a couple of years ago in the post?
India also used to get beaten by Zimbabwe and Kenya. I didn't say that India were shit, they weren't that good in the 90s. Most of the wins that we got were at home. It is quite a bit different from the current situation where we are competitive all around the world and invincible at home.
ODIs are mostly played in the form of bilaterals like Test matches. There are some ICC tournaments like the World Cup and Champions Trophy which are quadrennial events. There are 3 upcoming ODI series scheduled among the top nations: Australia vs Pakistan starts on the 13th India vs England starts on the 15th South Africa vs Sri Lanka starts on the 28th.
Shite throw Garry
Wouldn't make a difference. You are assuming that the toss has given the home team a significant advantage in those series. The reason why away teams have suffered is because of the lack of preparedness to counter the alien conditions. England won 4 out 5 tosses against India in the recent series and lost the series 4-0. It would be better if teams were given more time to acclimatise to the foreign conditions by way of practice matches and training sessions. Teams just fly out to these countries and start playing the Tests, atm.
That's coz it is held at the same time as their international home season. The top international players who are free at the time do play in the BBL. I don't see anything wrong with Indian players who do not have any international commitments playing in the league.
Most of the country receives heavy rainfall during those months, especially coastal cities like Chittagong. [SA's 2015 tour](http://www.espncricinfo.com/bangladesh-v-south-africa-2015/engine/series/817095.html) was also scheduled during the same time.
Get a short leg in.
Coz Bangladesh's dry season corresponds with the Australian home season. Australia don't have much free time during Oct-Mar.
TBH, I quite like the idea of separate Test and limited-overs series. The gap between the India-Aus Test and ODI series is ideal. Generally, if the ODI series follows the Tests, it is just a sideshow as players are too tired and the fans have had enough of the two sides. The only thing is that it should be the same for both tours. India should also play the Test and ODI series separately in England.
Fucking hell no. Why did you have to do this MSD? Seriously, the Champions Trophy is just around the corner.
I think he was good enough to captain till the 2019 World Cup.
I KNOW RIGHT! MSD RETIRED BECAUSE OF THIS SHITE BREAK. FUCK YOU ECB AND BCCI.
I thought that they would play a Test in Centurion instead of Durban. I guess this means that India would get a Test in Centurion and P.E. may not host the Boxing Day Test since Jo'burg, Durban and Cape Town are certainties for an India tour.
&gt; a guy who selected himself for a Ranji game just so that he could make himself eligible for a post to bypass a rule Haha, that story never fails to amuse me.
The 2013-14 series was supposed to consist of 3 Tests, 7 ODIs and some T20s, but it was reduced to 2 Tests and 3 ODIs by the BCCI.
I 'member
Wouldn't they want to play a 5th bowler? Maybe Agar?
Yeah, Head might be a good option at 6.
Take it easy m8.
Shit, I think I may have Wade-rrhea.
A WILD CUNT APPEARED
Are we counting centuries in Pakistan?
Legendary broadcast from Nein, zooming in on a man's butt crack.
What happened to /u/mtabot?
Ohh. That's shit if correct.
India played with a similar combination in 2014 in England and won the series, although this time they'd be playing with other teams as well. India have serious issues with their 5,6 and 7. There's the option of playing Pandya at 7 and Jadeja at 8 but, that makes the bowling pretty thin since, they can't rely on Pandya for 10 overs. If they play Jadeja at 7, it weakens the lower-order batting. The only option is to play Raina, Pandya and Jadeja at 6,7 and 8. They could try to get 10 overs out of Raina and Pandya but, it means that the 4 regular bowlers have to be in top form.
Ravi: THIS IS CRICKET, NOT SOCCER.
NOOOOO MISBAE
[Post-Match Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/5mig41/post_match_thread_australia_vs_pakistan_3rd_test/)
&gt; Or are too many of the Pakistani team muslim and can't drink so it would be insensitive? Everyone of them is Muslim. They could drink some lime juice?
Can Australia win in the sub-continent?
The difference is that McGrath had played in India, Pakistan and South Africa by the time he played 26 Tests. He averaged 43 and 35 in India and Pakistan respectively. Hazlewood has only played in SL, among the countries that may challenge his bowling. He averages 32, which is still pretty good but, I think that tougher tests await him before we can consider him a great.
Great stuff.
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU CUNTS? THIS IS A SLEDGE THREAD!
Surprised you follow Test match cricket.
&gt;Brigading another subreddit is not allowed I know that AutoMod has been set up to remove any non-np reddit link, but I feel that just posting a link does not constitute brigading. I know that it has been done to be on the safe side. &gt;The latter half of the year saw a growth in the number of low-quality, low-content posts both being submitted and being reported. I feel that some low-quality posts or memes weren't removed because they got to the top of the sub. I have no issues with that but, it just seems a bit arbitrary. I think with a lot of these rules there's a massive grey area and the mods need to apply their discretion. The mods did a great job to stop the excessive spam in the Australia vs Pakistan match thread. &gt; "Classic Matches Wednesday" has not exactly been the most popular TBH, I liked the State of the Game Thread Suggestion: It would be nice to have a cool formatting for the flair post. It just seems too bland.
Yeah, the last two series b/w Afghanistan and Zimbabwe were pretty close. [In Zim](http://www.espncricinfo.com/zimbabwe-v-afghanistan-2015-16/content/series/924621.html), [In UAE](http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/953331.html)
I thought we were talking about Test matches.
Lol most of the thread is talking about Tests, I guess. Also, generally "the pitch talk" surrounds Test matches.
*searches for his top comment* Finds [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/5i9b13/sledge_thread_australia_vs_pakistan/db6f1oi/)
I think all members of the Test squad would prepare in Dubai. The members who aren't part of the ODI team would arrive first in late-January. Others like Smith and Warner would leave after the NZ ODI series, unless they are rested for that series.
Meme has officially been killed.
Forced the players to play by offering them money.
Youngster's gonna make his debut.
Is this shindig going to be broadcasted?
Can't say I'm surprised, FICA has maintained a similar position for a while now. There might still be a couple of international players who'd be willing to go to Pakistan for the PSL but, I don't think the proposed series against West Indies would go through.
Ashish Nehraji
Both have been rested.
Would it be weird for BCCI to conduct a Board President's XI match against a touring team, considering that they don't have a President at the moment?
What is up with that VIRAT sponsor on the Mumbai players' shirts? Is it Kohli's company?
Yeah, but it is highly unlikely that he would go for big money. Overseas opening batsmen are not the hot picks in the IPL. Generally, fast bowling all-rounders earn big bucks.
Well, Zimbabwe Cricket [announced the schedule for their series with SL a month before the first Test.](http://www.espncricinfo.com/tri-nation-zimbabwe-2016-17/content/story/1059699.html)
r/RanganaHerath to bamboozle the Quoteans and surpass Daniel Vettori to become the most successful left-arm spinner ever.
FFS build a proper stadium in Delhi already.
Because most of the north-eastern states do not have cricket associations affiliated with the BCCI at the moment. One of the recommendations of the Lodha committee was to have associations for these states. [Guwahati has a really nice stadium](https://www.facebook.com/barshaparastadium/), but it hasn't hosted any international match as yet.
BUNSEN BURNERS^^TM
Yeah, I'm more in favour of a league which runs in a 4-year cycle. The top 2 teams at the end of the cycle could then contest a final match/series at a neutral venue.
That was due to the weird scheduling. The first 2 matches were held in early September but, the final was played in March. Also, it was reduced to 3 teams since India pulled out of the tournament.
&gt; DRS will be used. Yeah, thank fuck MSD is there. Parthiv and Saha were useless in those situations.
Fucking Chinnaswamy-esque ground.
Ashwin hasn't been great today. Did "you know who" visit this thread?
350 easily now.
The last 3 balls were yorkers.
Nah.
It's a bad day when a completely mistimed one-handed shot goes for six.
Nah, a couple of months ago.
Batting side. Ball becomes wet, the ball comes onto the bat and it travels faster in the outfield.
*looks at flair*
&gt; Just 2 balls in ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Brilliant shot from Jadhav. Obligatory fuck you to SanjuManju.
Haha, sorry. I was just being pedantic.
Shot of the innings that.
I don't know, it's not hard to get out for 1(10) like Dhawan.
New Year, Same Kohli.
India has only lost ~~once~~ twice while chasing when Kohli gets a century. #JustSayin #NoJinx
[Twice](http://www.espncricinfo.com/new-zealand-v-india-2014/engine/match/667641.html)
It's even atm
Kohli is 28. This is his 9th year in international cricket. Both numbers are composite, hence these aren't his prime years.
Kedar Jadhav dealing with an injury like Gordon Greenidge used to.
Yes, but he's well settled atm.
I don't know about that.
Haha, there's no way that's out.
His batting in LOIs has always been worse than Jadeja. He's not a big hitter.
What is Pandya doing?
Can't hear with all the Vuvuzela noise.
They are continuously flashing that buy tickets at BCCI ticker. [Here's what you'll find on the site](http://www.bcci.tv/tickets)
Thanks.
I don't know why would you drop a bowler for a batsman when the bowling couldn't defend 350?
A wild guess.
Yeah, more tournaments like the Desert T20 would be awesome(if they decide to broadcast them)
Nagpur isn't small.
Fuck these 'Gades threads.
First Monty, now Sriram. How many spin mentors/coaches do they need?
I think /u/TekHokioi has a point. Let's consider an example of a news about the announcement of the Australian squad for India. The general title would be: Australia announce squad for India tour, Swepson selected. Editorialised title: Australian selectors are complete dumbfucks for selecting Swepson for the India tour. Now the editorialised title would just lead the discussion into arguing about whether Swepson deserves to be there or not, and the thread may just turn into a flame war. Also, people may downvote OP's post because they do not agree with his opinion but, the news is relevant for the discussion in the sub. OP could easily post the news title and mention his viewpoint in the comment section where there would be a discussion about Swepson's selection along with other comment threads discussing the other selections in the squad.
&gt; ~~Moderately fancy~~ Cheap restaurant meal for 2: A$10 FTFY &gt; IPL ticket: A$10 - A$15 The cheapest one.
Yeah, I wasn't talking about dirt cheap places but, a meal for 2 at a moderately fancy restaurant would definitely cost upwards of 500 rupees.
Your description or someone else's? :P
Probs Sepulchre
FUCK YOU, r/KingKohli for lyf!
