He was a great servant to Liverpool. He did slump in recent years but that happens to ageing players and anyways it's not like Liverpool were doing well in that period either. The abuse he gets is insane, I don't get it, a good player who got on with it, never complained or went to the media and he was never in the media for a negative reason!
I need to hear the sound!
*Drowning in comments calling him a pussy
Thats it, now to find out what the hell its called!
I apologize, normally I couldn't link it because it's an app on your phone but luckily someone uploaded it to youtube so [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bssFYCaGytA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m28s)
Thank you sir!
What is it with all US city skylines that make them so beautiful?
I was born in 1995, I would have loved to live through the 80's. Just for the music alone, absolutely sensational, I bet!
Let's get Ings done too, so we can move on to better targets!
The comment "A future single mom" made me laugh way more than it should have
Great, love being able to go to a game!
Sure have, I attended the UCF Penn State game last summer!
That's fucking insane...
Imagine an emergency vehicle trying to get through this...
I'll miss those legs...
So much intent in it, I genuinely thought he threw the ball until I saw him turn back and run with it
The off season is in full effect!
He has lost a lot of weight since that was taken!
Lose the border, first one for sure!
As if we need more shitty press
Why is it that so many famous people are morons?
Pissed of TFB in the Cincinnati game was awesome, that game for me was a real statement of intent from New England!
For such a big dude, he has impressive quickness and mobility!
Some are, some aren't, lads on international duty but none of then would be in Liverpool, I would imagine!
Basically saying "we came joint 3rd in the league last year"
When he breaks the final tackle, I lost my mind, incredible effort and determination from Incredelman!
So much pressure on those knee joints!
He hits Lockette so hard, way to compete to get there and make the interception!
Nasty fall on the punters shoulder
Our sidebar bet with /r/colts?
Catholic schools!
Especially when Lynch reached the half yard line, I'm ashamed to admit, in that moment, I thought it was game.
Be on look out
It's actually insane how quick the whole site can just implode in a few days.
Need to change those background colors!
Absolutely nothing to hate about the afters either..... ayyy
Take it and run!
Oh come on, it's hard not to love Jules!
He's just a lad enjoying his off season, this happens to lots of people on holiday. It's just because he's Jack Grealish that makes this a big deal, stupid!
Having two wealthy clubs fight over him can only be good, more money for LFC!
Don't be silly, Ogre 2 didn't enter the game!
Glad they turned up, two guys who played hard for New England. Deserved their rings and deserved to celebrate with the greatest owner in sports!
Calling us fuckers isn't helping you out here
I'd love to hear Stevie's genuine, honest opinion on the state of LFC at the moment. All this praise about the club and its players recently has me skeptical!
£10m scares me, correct me if I'm wrong (don't know much about the kid) but that figure seems insane!
Some of the highest posts on here include the words "don't upvote"
Chi town is beautiful!
Maybe he's hinting about Gerrard in his prime, a box to box role, like the new Schweinsteiger, hopefully!
Is there a concert on in that park?
I'd have to agree!
Songs on most compilation videos are odd
Best punt returner in the game!
This is very, very intimidating! Huge appearance of power!
Like we stood in his way last summer. I hate all this "I'm a prisoner" press.
Yeah, crazy how someone's voice can turn you off instantly!
Great, delighted but we really need to get some proven talent in. This kid COULD be great, we need players who are great now!
Majestic
I'm assuming I'll get grilled for asking this but what's the big issue with Koptalk? I see lots of Liverpool fans talking unfavorably about it but never got some concrete reasons why? Could you clear this one up for me?
Cntrl + shift + n. On Google chrome! Edit: Apologies, misread your question. It's basically concealing your identity!
It was an inevitability though, more money than sense!
Dilated pupils!
I'm in love with the Kolo!
The legendary Al Michaels!
/u/itsNOSAJ thanks for these, they make the off season a little less painful!
Sure, it should, but it doesn't nowadays!
Gronkowski seems like a great all round dude. He's a chick magnet, he's a beast, deceivingly smart and he's a baller! God, I love Gronk!
Brady and our receiving core were so clutch on long 3rd downs last year!
Scar is a legend, super happy for him!
Is there a stream or anything? I'm so eager to watch Brady's team kick ass!
So, when will we have news? How long is the appeal supposed to last?
Just gotta make sure we can finish now, a top striker is needed!
This is literally dog heaven. Plenty of tennis balls and a swimming pool!
You're correct. Thanks for correcting me! :)
And said lean shall be bloody majestic!
[It was a good day!](http://www.dailyfx.com/forex_forum/attachments/gbp-jpy-pairs/254980d1383063709-gbp-jpy-pairs-good-day....jpg)
You say steady to me again... You'll be on the first plane back
A really really beautiful ex
[John Henry right now]( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Admin/BkFill/Default_image_group/2010/12/27/1293462616947/John-W-Henry-007.jpg)
One of Tom's most critical throws last year was a deep ball. To LaFell against Baltimore!
Builds strong character!
Both of you dodged bullets on this one, she's full insane!
Would Firmino not get some extra time off due to international duty?
Thought I was in ~~/r/news~~ /r/worldnews for a minute. Thanks for this though, I personally wouldn't have thought of that prior to this thread!
Cut throat in the corn store!
I'll admit that this appointment does concern me due to his lack of experience but I'll reserve judgement until we get into the season. But from first thoughts, I fail to see how this is an upgrade on Colin Pascoe!
Was Suarez gone for the 2014 edition? Seems crazy to leave him out?
Liverpool should have players like Torres, Suarez and Gerrard in every position, our current squad has no one near that level!
1970, just so I could personally experience the awesome music of the 70's and 80's!
Replace special teams with kicking game...
5th consecutive punt, says it all, really!
Garoppolo should've started!
Our performances on the road have been terrible, having to go on the road in the playoffs scares me
I think predicting New England going 12-4 is safe, no matter how tough the schedule is, we always seem to get around the 12 mark!
They did come to Foxborough for 3 years in a row!
Even a wall wouldn't stop New England from tearing the NFL a new one...
Let's hope that Miami was that Monday night game in Kansas City and in two weeks the team will play the divisional game in Foxborough like they played that Sunday night game against Cincinnati, we're on to the bye week!
His down field blocks are really good!
Not to mention our opening TD in the super bowl!
Damn, Collies are a smart breed!
I'm not sure there'll ever be another coach that's as tactically good as Bill Belichick ever again!
Take the ball deep, take the top off the defense
Seattle is such a gorgeous city...
So it's not like the show ER where there's a big pool of blood on the floor?
I think they should end the show, too many important characters have left!
Uhhh, where have you been?
They are in the playoffs, stranger things have happened!
Why would Bill leave the team he's been with for so long that is still challenging for super bowls for a team that needs work before they'll be relevant again?
Good, because ESPN are assholes!
Wow
Ineligible and eligible receivers in the NFL to my dad!
I know this is sarcasm, but you can hardly blame the people who wanted Bledsoe to start, I mean, hindsight is a great thing, I don't think anyone could've predicted how good Brady was to become!
Didn't they promise to extradite him to the US after he was caught, again...
Good, the guy should be focused on New England, there should be a rule that there's no poaching of coaches/coordinators of teams that are still in the playoffs!
Brown
Your opinion on smart phone alarm clocks that attempt to wake you at the end of a 90 minute cycle?
There's me thinking Billy Cundiffs choke was bad!
I'm pretty sure he's going to be 100%
I'm super confused, where is there any credible proof that he OD'd on cocaine?
Is that an illusion? Or is that US flag huge?
Bill will prepare for all players unless they're on IR, Kansas City aren't fooling anyone!
Limited, to my knowledge.
So McDaniels and Patricia are staying in New England?
Who's right? Schefter said he did and Rapoport said he didn't... So, who's correct?
NO! We don't want him!
Gotta beat Kansas City first, I'm confident that if we need to we'll win anywhere, although Foxborough would be nice!
These announcers are a bunch of Dorito Dinks...
Far from done, it'll be done if we're holding Lombardi on February 7th!
5 straight AFC Championship games, dynasty!
I am the guy on the freakin standee
Whatever you think about Al Michaels and Chris Collinsworth, I firmly believe NBC have the best production of any of the networks that broadcast NFL, and at least they have decent camera angles. I know it's down to money but I'd rather NBC on games than CBS, FOX and obliviously ESPN!
United are currently in a higher position than us in the table...
Haha once Gronk is done pulling Brady out, he goes back in to kick some ass
No, we're onto Denver/Pittsburgh!
Get a load of this guy...
Donate to the campaign and NBC will shut off the music
Gaelic is the national language of the Irish Republic, no?
Julian's hair 😍
Why do people claim that Brady's deep ball sucks, that was a bullet and he hit his man on the numbers!
It's heavy at the top
I get it, he plays for Los Angeles, a Boston rival, but have some respect, he's one of the greats!
Post 93 bombing of WTC, pre 9/11!
He probably was thinking about it sober, took being drunk to get him to do it!
We will never see a dynasty like New England ever again, complete dominance for a decade and a half!
If they did put in the effort to fake it, they should have made both balls go in...
Tre?
Same, although I did get quite antsy after they scored, leading up to the onside kick but beast mode calmed my fears!
Tre Jackson, our fourth round pick from FSU who plays Guard...
Quick dude, gimme your PayPal?
It's missing a gun in its paws
Where's the fight we saw from this team in the regular season?
Laid an egg in Denver... AGAIN!
Seriously, if we had defeated Philadelphia or Miami that game would've been in Foxborough and let's be real guys, nobody, not even Denver would win in Foxborough!
It's amazing how wrong you are, you cant blame that game on Ghost, look at the line, Brady got pressured on nearly every play and got hit 20 times. The play calling and execution were questionable at very best, the 4th down play, if we take a FG and trusted our defense and get down the field again (which we did,) and score (which we did,) there wouldn't have been any need to go for 2, game would've been 22-20. Ghost is the best kicker in the league, one missed kick and you want to can him? Brady is the best at picking defenses apart when he gets time to throw the ball, he didn't have any time yesterday.
Where anyone is going in life...
Chocolate and potato chips, not really that odd though...
Him getting hurt was detrimental to our season!
Man, it sucks that we didn't make it this year, I know it's not happening this year but I can't help but feel like Brady knows he'll be done soon. This year was a missed opportunity, imo. He's such a great QB and leader and we need to get him that 5th ring before he calls it quits, what a sad day that will be!
Didn't he already take a sizeable pay cut?
Thing is, if he had redirected Google.com it would've melted his site in nano seconds!
Honestly, the pro bowl is a week of fun and a scrimmage football game for rookies, nobody really cares about it, it'll never be important, if your team isn't in the Superbowl, their season is over, even if they have multiple pro bowlers!
What's the advantage of the spider leaving the hole? I mean, doesn't it make it more prone to attack and way more vulnerable?
Why warn people? Defeats the purpose...
TIL! Gotta have a confident, competent line for that, though, right?
Imagine being in that plane and not knowing that it's just for show, you would shit yourself thinking something is wrong and you're being escorted by French military jets back lol
3 points in the derby and a cup to go home with!
That's a mean track!
And we still have none to little incriminating evidence that New England or Tom Brady did anything wrong or even knew of any wrongdoing...
Just keep on it
Playing in New England doesn't mean you can't live, I mean robotic with their responses and answers to the media questions, it all stems from Bill, his "on to Cincinnati" presser is a perfect example
They got so mad when he did that lol
One can hope!
I think Aaron Rodgers, the one man team thing and the way he can carry GB through tough games like Brady can. He's a winner and he doesn't throw teammates under the bus or make excuses when GB come up short!
Fucking clapping is so annoying!
Humans are the most cruel species!
It's a conspiracy bro, you purposely ruined your own tomatoes and used it as an excuse to kill caterpillars!
Is Diplo the leader of Jack U? It doesn't seem to be 50/50...
We let our city down boys!
How is Jurd getting on? I haven't been following CoD since he blew up in BO2!
Well he's hardly going to Espanyol now is he...
Looks like the tail lights are bright red (someone pushing the brake pedal?)
Yeah, not the type you stay and cuddle either, get out when the deed is done!
Cleveland
Doesn't have anything to do with Brexit...
Corrected, thank you!
M'lady
Help me understand this. What's the capacity of the stadium? If they sell the capacity in season tickets that leaves no room for people who want to buy a ticket for one game, correct?
This makes me feel so lonely haha
It really is the simple things in life, literally!
You're probably still on a high from the basketball, right?
Bingo, I'm Irish haha, didn't mean anything by it!
Does anyone know if the whale shark knows that the diver is helping him/her?
The mark it leaves on the whale shark, sad!
Fuck hahaha
Why do the Fox Sports commentators keep referencing last year's shootout? It's totally irrelevant!
Man, Messi must feel the weight of Argentina.
This needs some Jim Ross, someone please put JR over this!
Leno wins this round!
Discovery sold out, let's be real here. From being the most interesting, factual channel on TV to joining the rest of the boring channels with shitty reality garbage, sad, really!
Lucky you, I got Stewart Downing flashbacks...
Crazy a song about a digger makes me feel so much emotion!
