And best available year round? Furious.
I'm one of those ex Navy nuke guys, and I'm a generation dispatcher for an ISO. Is describing the job in that much detail a reaction to how you've never met anyone outside of work who even knows we exist? It's a habit for me too.
&gt; max my 401k up to company's matching program; First of all, if I were you, I'd bump this up to $18k/yr, the legal max. It sounds like you have extra money you don't know what to do with, and already max your IRA. &gt; I drive a 12-year old car &gt; I've decided to spend $20K all-in over the next 3 years on a new, leased bmw. I love cars. I love driving them; I love working on them. I don't think that going out and leasing one "just because" is a good idea though. You said you don't live in the city, but how much time do you spend in your car every day? I've had a BMW, and I absolutely understand the appeal of one, but why not go buy a 5-year old one with cash? &gt; save and invest so you can have a lot of money! -- if i fast forward 20 years, won't that advice still be the same? No, because if you do it, you'll have a lot of money, and if you choose, you can live off of investment returns. [If you save 50% of your income, you'll never need to work again after just 17 years.](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/) &gt; When will the advice ever change to SPEND MONEY AND LIVE YOUR LIFE, YOU IGNORAMUS? Here, on this sub? Probably never. You absolutely should spend a little on fun things. But going out and purposefully making poor financial decisions just because you never have before? Why would you do that? &gt; I often feel guilty when I do buy something (e.g. I bought a $1,200 watch for my mom's 60th birthday, which she loves &amp; wears every day, but even now I feel a bit guilty spending that much on something, even if it is for my mom (stingy much?)). Honestly, that's ok. I wouldn't call you stingy at all. What can a $1200 watch do that a $200 watch can't do? &gt; I hate that people are brainwashed into saving for the future, but then when the future comes and they're "financially independent" -- they're still shackled and bound. I'm confused by this. What are they shackled and bound by? If you have enough money that you can live comfortably until you die, you can do whatever you want, no shackles. If you dont, by the time you want to retire, it simply means you haven't been saving enough. &gt; I'd rather live better when I'm young and cut back when I'm old tired and useless to society. Why do you have to retire when you're old and tired? I will retire when I'm 45. Check out /r/financialindependence.
&gt; 1. Improve current home- The home we live in needs a lot of work. What kind of work does it need? You've been able to live in it for four years already, it sounds like it's in a liveable condition and not falling apart or unsafe. Personally, I'd put the $100k towards your mortgage (or, any debt with a higher interest rate than it first). How much do you owe on your current house? If you then continue to make normal payments and invest for school as you had originally planned, you'll meet your goals much sooner. *Then* do your renovations if you still want to.
If anything, I personally think you should spend a *smaller* percentage on rent as your income increases. The law of diminishing returns applies to your apartment as much as it does to the rest of your life. If you got a job tomorrow that doubled your paycheck, would you go out as soon as your lease is up and double your rent?
&gt; "starter" checks below 500 That's crazy. I write ~2 checks a month, and I imagine most people write that many or less, for rent and one bill that for some reason won't get on board with the newfangled internet contraption. At that rate, it would take me 20 years to go through 500 checks.
&gt; maybe I am just to selfish to see otherwise. That's my gut reaction, honestly. &gt; my parents have decided that it is time for me to start paying rent. It's your choice. Do you want to pay your parents $400/month, or take a chance trying to live on your own? Do you contribute to paying the utilities? On your own, you're looking at (on top of rent) another few hundred for electricity, gas, water, sewer, trash, cell phone, internet, etc, etc. &gt; paying $400 dollars of rent each month takes a large portion of my salary. is it over 30%, after taxes? If so, maybe you need to talk to them about lowering it, but if not, it's completely fair. &gt; IMO the ideal situation would be to convince them that it is not good for either of us if I pay rent But this simply isn't true. It would not be good for them if you stopped paying. Not only that, but they paid for your education.
&gt; It is livable and not unsafe. If I can make a suggestion: Throw up a coat of paint, for now. I bought a house with all original fixtures and decoration from 1977, except some new appliances. We originally wanted to do a lot work, but just painting every room more modern colors and painting all the trim and doors white has changed the whole feel of the house, and now it feels like we can wait a long time before we might want to do more major work. Maybe $250 total on paint and supplies? I'd do this first, and see if you feel like you need to do more. I also updated the light fixtures, ceiling fans, and outlets/switches, but that was only another $300 or so. Spend $500 before you make a decision on what to do with $100k.
Wait, your head would grow back? Would that form a new consciousness? Wouldn't your body grow back from your head?
I'm not pro-life either, but those people make me irrationally angry for another reason: If I honestly believed that abortion was the actual murder of babies, and it was being conducted on the scale that it is, I wouldn't stop at lame protests in front of womens' health centers. I would be doing everything in my power to get it to stop. I don't think most people on that side of the issue actually believe what they're spewing.
Interestingly enough, the Navy has an Undersea Warfare Center in Hawthorne, Nevada.
Good on you. I would have been way more passive aggressive about it. Every time I see her car parked in the spot, I'd take a picture, time stamp it, and attach it to a Reply All.
&gt; Well you will need to make more than 35k to retire young. While I agree with that, he did specifically say: &gt; I'd like to retire by 60/65 That's not young. The whole range of those ages is above when you can make withdrawals from tax-advantaged accounts, and the age when you can begin receiving social security benefits is right in the middle. Two fairly common retirement standards.
&gt; I budgeted to contribute 10% to a 401k Your retirement was not funded "just fine". At only a 10% contribution, you'll have to work for at least 51 years from when you begin it. Good luck!
&gt; Assuming a 5% salary increase yearly This is counting your chickens before they hatch. Your salary could plateau, or even go down. Also, accounting for salary increases means you'll have to work even further if you maintain the same investment rate, as your spending will go up, and you'll need to finds to cover it in retirement.
That's oddly specific.
To all of you crying about "stolen valor": [The law amends the federal criminal code to make it a crime for a person to fraudulently claim having received any of a series of particular military decorations and awards with the intention of obtaining money, property, or other tangible benefit from convincing someone that he or she rightfully did receive that award.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stolen_Valor_Act_of_2013#Provisions.2FElements_of_the_bill) There are no medals/ribbons on the BDUs. Even if there were, this person is not benefiting from them in any way. Also, The BDU is a phased out uniform. This person is a civilian. Maybe one with no tact or class, but a civilian nonetheless. This person can wear whatever the hell she wants, and you, the military member, are defending her right to do so. You can tell her not to wear it until you're blue in the face, and she is perfectly capable of telling you to fuck right off. It's not worth your time to even worry about it, much less complain about it on the internet.
Where he goes for his first tour will depend highly on his rate. Many folks don't even get stationed overseas on their first tour, and some people never get stationed overseas at all. I can't speak for the surface or air communities, but in submarines, your sea tours are limited to seven bases, five of which are in the mainland US. Two of them are technically overseas, but both Guam and Hawaii are accompanied, if I'm not mistaken. In fact, if you're a missile tech, you're limited to exactly two bases, both in CONUS. But, for example, if you're a surface YN, HM, LS, etc, you can go literally anywhere, and aren't even limited to Navy bases.
&gt; What is my next move? Depends on your goals and how far away they are. Maybe your company will help paying for your Masters? When do you think you'll have those kids? Maybe a house? Retirement? The first thing I'd recommend you do is take a look at [this article](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/). Not because you're necessarily thinking about retiring early, but look at the lower percentages on the chart and see how long you'll have to work. From the day you start investing for retirement, not from the day you start working. You're doing great, honestly. but I do have a problem with: &gt; neither of us has it in mind to start off our marriage in debt &gt; I have a car payment of $550/mo You're in debt now! Are you planning on paying off the car before you get married? It's not a monthly bill, it's a large amount of money you owe someone else. What is the interest rate, and how much do you owe?
But, those people making $60k gross are paying income taxes, likely have other benefits, and likely are making ~45k net. Then they have a rent or mortgage that takes up a large portion of their pay.
&gt; when he does need a million dollar house? When will anyone "need" a million dollar house?
"Want" is an appropriate word here.
You don't "need" to be a homeowner. Neither does OP, neither do I, and neither does anyone else.
http://xkcd.com/386/ No worries, man.
An Australian moving overseas doesn't have to move to the US.
[test post please ignore](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/92dd8/test_post_please_ignore/) /r/test
Hey, no worries. I upwoted you anyway. You can't tell me what to do.
Wait, are you an old man now? Because if not, you have a bunch of seasons to watch between now and then.
I'm not really from anywhere.
How is this enforced? I'm not asking just to be a dick. It makes sense because a retired person still receives pay and benefits, but unless the retired person still works for the military as a civilian, who issues punishment if they violate the UCMJ, unless they *also* break the law and end up in civilian court?
But, it gets *better* after ORSE, right? Wait, you mean everyone *lied* to me?
Have you asked over in /r/sailing [Edit] or /r/tattoos? Most nautical tattoos aren't Navy-specific; maybe someone over there has a good reference for you.
&gt; Well the doors were locked So, hold on. You showed up at a government office, after hours, to locked doors, while the folks inside were obviously getting ready to go home, and you expect the folks to be welcoming and courteous to you while you showed them no respect at all? Good luck in the Army. Or, you can fix your attitude and come back during normal working hours.
But then how is my left-hand side different from your left-hand side?
&gt; There's nothing in the world stopping us from taking the temperature of absolute zero in Fahrenheit, calling that 0 degrees on the Trumbley scale or whatever, and making exactly the same claim about Fahrenheit being pegged to absolute zero. They did this a long time ago. It's called the [Rankine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rankine_scale) scale.
I think cloth diapers are great! Just to play devils advocate, though: With two kids in cloth, our water usage is about double what it would be without them. Washing machines use a *ton* of water.
&gt; regardless of income, comparing oneself to others results in misery. I am also 27. I got to be where I am because I was very very lucky in a few key decisions. It also helps that, while I may not be the most hard-working guy out there, I am extremely diciplined, and I'm willing to do things that other people are not. When I was 18, I had no idea what I wanted to, so I joined the Navy. They threw a ton of money at me to become a nuclear operator. That was piece of luck number one. I didn't know it then, but nuclear experience in the navy opens up some seriously well paying jobs in the future. I hated it. I hated nuclear power; I hated submarines; I hated shaving every day. From about day three of boot camp, I knew there was nothing I wanted more than to get out. But I also knew that I had signed a contract, and I was going to stick to my word no matter what. Dicipline. When I was getting out, I came home from a deployment and had about a week to find a new job. But I found one in that time, because I was willing to move across the country and work rotating 12-hour shifts at a chemical plant. Willingness to do what others are not. While I was there, there was a chemical spill while I was not on shift. The shift manager didn't want folks going to the hospital to get checked out and wanted to cover it up. I decided I wanted no part in a company that would treat its employees that way. Luck, sort of. So I got back into power production, on the grid operations side. I actually had enough time to look for a job and pick one I wanted, the chemical company didn't know I was leaving. The power company sold their power plants, and left my department with nothing to operate. We were all downsized, and received severances worth 1/3 year's salary. Bad luck, you might say, but: I got a new job, and moved again (willingness to do what others are not) to dispatch the electric grid itself. This put me where I am today. I still work rotating 12 hour shifts. But now I make $85k with no degree. It's been a long road to get here. You think you're stressed? Imagine being 20 and placed in control of a nuclear reactor, several hundred feet underwater. Make a few wrong moves, 160 people die. Try being laid off when you have a child with congenital heart defects, who is scheduled for her second open heart surgery two weeks later, and your second kid on the way. Do you know what it's like to think to yourself "I may not be able to support my family soon; *I am a failure as a father and a husband*"? I'm not trying to say you could have it worse (or that I have it worse than you); I hate people who do that. I just think that money isn't everything. Those people you look at and make tons of money, I bet they have problems of their own, and are looking right back at you thinking "I wish my life was so simple." A friend of mine from the service makes double what I make, but he never sees his kids. He's on the road 200+ days a year. Another friend makes nearly 3x what I make, but he works on an oil rig in the Middle East. I often catch myself thinking "man, If I didn't have a family, That's what I'd be doing!" but then I realize that I wouldn't have my family. **TL;DR:** Don't worry about it.
Take all the uneasiness away with a semi-joke: "Thank you for your tax money."
I got out a few years ago. I wear my NWU pants for camping and doing dirty yard work. Sometimes I even go to the bank in them! The horror! What are you going to do about it, OP?
Stand by for what? It's not like they can make him go get divorced.
That shouldn't be a problem if you're "really rich" as OP says.
Not if you get an FHA loan, which most people who put less than 20% do.
Yes, you can refinance, but as of April 2013, lenders are no longer required to simply drop PMI when you reach any amount if equity. There are other types of loans that do not require 20% down, and these can have the PMI removed eventually, just not FHA.
The ones with raised pieces are better at hiding scratches. If your job involves climbing around on stuff for maintenance, or squeezing in tight spaces, you'd need a new plain buckle fairly often.
Why not both?
Have you looked at IKEA?
You have been cut off from that wealth, first things first, you need to adjust your attitude and your idea of what you *need*. $50k is a lot of money, in that, if you really wanted to, you could be very frugal and live for a year or two. You were driving in a CTS, and your parents could afford to give you the cash, so I'm going to assume you don't know how to live like us "po' folk". So, let's first pretend the money doesn't exist. Your best option is to join the military. You have no education and extremely minimal minimum-wage experience. You will probably not be able to find a job that will pay you a living wage. That isn't going to be the case 100% of the time, but I guarantee you're not going to like doing what will pay you enough. Dirty, dangerous labor, odd shifts, etc. Go see a recruiter. You'll need to take a test known as the ASVAB, and when you find out what you're qualified for and decide what you want to do, there will likely be a time you'll need to wait before you can go off to basic. This is where the $50k comes in. Find an apartment. Actually, preferably, find roomates. You want the cheapest place you can find, here. Buy a cheap car with cash, unless you live in a city with good public transportation. And then, honestly, if I were you, I'd just wait til my ship date. Don't blow that money. Maybe buy some used furniture if it's a long wait period. Hang out, pay your bills, spend time with your friends. Once you're in and receiving paychecks, ask this question again. "What do I do with the rest of this $50k?"
&gt; MSU ROTC No, at this point, you need to go enlisted. If one branch won't take you, try the others.
Not necessarily. Who told you that?
A cadet? Bud, you need to go talk to someone whose actual job is to put people in the service. Not someone who is going to school to eventually be there.
&gt; Did you read I'm going to be straight with you. Take my advice, or leave it, but that attitude will get you *nowhere*. This is *exactly* what I meant by: &gt; you need to adjust your attitude I've known many people like you in the past, and I've watched as each one of the made the same mistake. You've admitted you were spoiled. Now you're being kicked out; you *need* to drop that bullshit attitude *right now*. You are the bottom of the food chain, somewhere you have never been before and never imagined you'd be. You need to start acting like it. &gt; so I called the Army &gt; I was a 15 year old First, you need to go in, in person. No recruiter wants to talk to 15 year old, because they have a quota to meet, and you won't join until after they've got new orders. It wasn't worth their time to talk to you. Now you're old enough. Make it worth their time; prove you want it. And again: &gt; If one branch won't take you, try the others.
I have a serious question that nobody ever seems to consider: What makes a house a "starter"? If you took away that connotation, which one would you want?
What was the rate before, how much time was remaining?
What if your income doesn't increase?
Wouldn't that mean that what you once thought of as "starter" now just is "forever"?
Including airfare from North America?
To be fair, we *do* have advertising on American MLS uniforms. It wouldn't surprise me one bit if the NFL started advertising on uniforms too. I mean, they kind of do already, for Nike...
It depends on where he (and you?) works, how long you're willing to commute, and what you consider a "decent suburb". I moved up here from Houston last July. If you're used to the kind of commute I was doing down there, 45min+ one way, the commutes here are a breeze. I bought my house, so I'm no expert on rentals around here, but I'd say you're looking at about 1.25-1.5x the cost for something equal, but houses are a little smaller here in general. Also keep in mind, gas is more expensive, food is a *little* more expensive, but there's no tax on a few things, like clothing. Also, that brings up another point, get ready for state income tax.
You know, one day I might get an STI. The same way some older guys finally get their Corvette in their 50s. But for now, I'm perfectly content with my Legacy and Outback. I have two kids in car seats. I know what it's like to have a carseat in a smaller car, too, and no thanks. Can you fit a trip's worth of camping gear in your WRX? Enough to entertain those kids? It probably won't be fun making a few hour drive with all of it. That's what the Outback was *designed* for. Ground clearance FTW.
I would turn the $100k I found in to the cops, of course.
I'll file that away with other fun lies, like "It gets better after ORSE".
Oh, I know. I dispatch the power grid too. It was just a running joke with all the lifers I knew.
You have a combined income of $95k, however, your lower income earner only makes $40k. This means, if you were to lose your job, it would be very difficult to make your mortgage payments. You already have too much house. Not only that, but your debt is greater than a full year's income for your lower income earner. You have four bedrooms. You/husband in room 1, Grandma in room 2, I'm confused why you'd need more than two more bedrooms rooms, if you have two kids. Even if you wanted a spare room to use as an office, playroom, etc, you'd just put the two kids in the same room. You're just not in a financial position to do either right now.
&gt; You can't put your full base pay into your TSP - the contribution limit is $18,000 a year. But he can put 100% in until he hits $18k this year, he still has 6 months to do it. Once he hits $18k, return the contribution percentage to 0% until January, then repeat until he has as little as he wants in his emergency fund.
Why $2m, and do you mean $2m in today's dollars, or in 2050 dollars?
All of the brackets seem a little low.
A large portion of the local population is made up of retirees who don't switch teams when they move there. Also, those older folks don't reddit much, and when they do, it's not on an NFL related sub.
The news about their new [long snapper](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2ydxhc/titans_agree_to_5_year_deal_with_long_snapper/) got everyone excited.
I don't think everybody knows this.
I imagine doing [this](http://www.cockeyed.com/pranks/ikea_party/ikea02.shtml), but all night.
I am actually interested in how people come up with the number they need to retire. Most people say quite a bit more; some people, like most in /r/financialindependence say less. I'm in the camp that says you need ~25x your annual expenses to quit for good, but by 2050 that number could easily be $2m with inflation.
Hymen jokes are funny and all, but does he really need two boats named after him? 709 and planned 795. I don't think anyone else has ever had two, unless you count George Washington getting confused with Washington state. [Edit] Ok, so I went and looked it up. George Washington has, unsurprisingly, had several ships named after him. I still don't think anyone other than he or Rickover have had more than one though.
And on the opposite end of the spectrum, if you go to a ballistic missile submarine and stay on that platform, you may do 20 years with two rows. Unless you're a cook.
Hostels are cheap. If you travel by train, do it at night. Sleep on the train, one less hotel stay, and you wake up in a new city. Don't spend your time in tourist traps. Living in Europe isn't actually *that* expensive.
It depends on your other obligations. If you don't really care to spend too much time with other people, working nights is amazing. Get your body used to the new schedule, and there are perks galore. Do your grocery shopping at 24 hour stores in the wee hours of the morning? Nobody is there, no lines. Doctors and other appointments? Schedule them for first thing in the AM. Almost no waiting because they're not behind schedule yet. And you don't have to burn vacation time to do it! One of my favorite things to do is get off work in the morning, and sit on my front porch, drinking my after-shift beer, while I watch people drive in inevitable traffic to their 9-5.
I was always that kid. If you have to teach to the lowest common denominator, there's always going to be that kid. See, the History channel used to be about History, and the Discovery channel used to be about science. My parents love museums and traveling. I love reading, and read for fun more in a month than I was assigned to read for work in a year. I learned so much more outside of school than I ever did in class. My solution for you is to challenge them more. If one of your attention seeking smart kids who always has their hand up gets something wrong, have the goof *correct* them. That would have motivated me. You know they know the answer, but they just aren't motivated by attention.
But that's how real life works. Show up on time, go through the motions of your job, get your paycheck.
Sounds like the course should just be offered in a one weekend format then. Or even better, you should be able to test out at the beginning of the year. If you already know the information, why sit through it at the pace of the slowest learner?
I don't think I could do long stretches of nights only, for that very reason. I do rotating shifts now, and it's a good mix of days with real work, nights with minimal work, and more time off than most people. Most of my days off aren't weekends. It makes coordinating visiting family and things like that a challenge, but if I want to go to the beach or some other touristy thing, it's not crowded.
Definitely my job. But I'd also estimate 90% of white collar work is the same. A good portion of blue collar work is, too. If you show up on time and ready to work, you're already head and shoulders above the competition.
I'd recommend buying a digital OTA antenna. &gt; news in the am, and your reg nightly lineup Depending on where you live, you can get the major channels CBS, ABC, NBC, FOX, etc.
Sounds like free money, then. "Here, I'll pay you to hang out at my house for a few hours."
Put a backslash in front of your pound sign, like this: \\#2 The pound sign is formatting for #big bold text.
&gt; For example, rack vs. rake Why not rack vs. rak? That would sound the same, phonetically.
It is for me, but I'm on IE at work. I don't think all of the mobile apps do it.
Probably 45 days restriction, 1/2 pay for 45 days.
Do you have a frame for your DD-214 yet?
It doesn't really work like that. If you fail any one of the portions, you fail the whole thing. /u/SCShouter just didn't fail any parts. Not really a big deal. If you address anyone as Sailor out in the real world, you're going to have a really bad time.
While I agree with your sentiment, I have a few problems with your math. First, you can make it *to* but not *past* 20 as an E6. I also wouldn't be seriously surprised if I saw a 24-year O5. So, realistically, you're looking at a range of $21-36k (enlisted) or $44-60k (officer). If you're looking at the range of only 20-24 years, that is. Next, your assumption that you max your TSP every year. The max is $18k this year. The vast majority of servicemembers, especially enlisted, either can't or won't put away $750 per month. I can only afford to do so now, *after I got out*. There's no way I would, or even could, have put 100% of my E-3 paycheck into the TSP when I had first joined. I do agree about the lifecycle fund,and that the amounts *are* possible if you max it, I'm just saying most people aren't in a position to do it. &gt; a lifetime annuity of 35k it would cost roughly 7.5 million dollars But enough to draw your figure of $30-40k only requires $750k-1m in an index fund, if you follow the 4% safe withdrawl rule. You're off by an order of magnitude on the low end. I think you might enjoy /r/financialindependence, if you haven't checked it out. &gt; At age 65 you are pulling down 110k per year not doing a damn thing. I absolutely agree, but to counter, I'm at age 27, and I already make almost that amount, and my job isn't really that stressful. In fact, when I work nights, I already just sit on my ass for most of my shift. I can actually afford to max my 401(k) and an IRA, *and still have extra to pay my mortgage very quickly*, and I will have enough to retire when I am 45. The guys who stay in to 20 and don't save anything will be just starting out their second careers at that time in their lives.
&gt; you will be a millionaire Caveat: *at traditional retirement age*. You don't just suddenly become one.
Let me preface this by saying that my dad and father-in-law did 30 years (each!) in the Air Force, and are both retired CMSGTs (E9). I hold absolutely no ill-will towards lifers. I originally planned to do the same. &gt; why do I keep hearing this from senior enlisted? Because it's all they know. Consider the life of your *average* senior enlisted. Join at 18 with maybe a part time high school job as their only work experience. Enjoys their job enough (or got themselves in a poor financial position where they feel the *need*) to re-enlist multiple times. Throughout their career, the idea gets reenforced that getting a job on the outside is hard (it's not!). It becomes an echo chamber with other senior enlisted. "Already did 10, you're halfway there" is a common sentiment. For most, that's after reenlisting only twice. Even if they don't enjoy their job anymore (or their financial situation is better), the sunk cost fallacy takes over. Not with money, but their time, years of their life they can't get back. Might as well get a retirement, right? I believe you should re-enlist only if you can't imagine yourself doing any other job, ever. Some people love the military *that* much, my dad included. Good for them! Seriously, we need guys who fucking live for this shit. But you know what, for the majority of us, that's just not the case.
&gt; How long you're likely to live. If you have enough to live off the returns and never touch the principle (say, withdraw 3-4% per year while it earns an inflation adjusteed 7%), this shouldn't matter. If your portfolio will last you 30 years, there's a 99.9% chance it will last you forever. &gt; Future interest rates. Do you mean, in the way that interest rates are loosely correlated with market performance? I don't have any interest-bearing accounts for retirement, it will be market returns and dividends, and possibly rent of a property. &gt; Future inflation. That's fair, but that's why retirement numbers are generally talked about in today's dollars. Nobody can tell you for sure what $1m today will be worth in 20-40 years.
Whoa, don't just throw that around like it's nothing. Do your *research*, find out if you *really* want to be a submariner first. We don't need people in the sub force who don't want to be there.
That was my thought, too. We're going to see a lot of male MTs going to mast for sexual harassment soon (both real *and* falsely reported), and there's no way around it.
Supply officer is, hands down, the *best* job on a submarine.
&gt; the reason people say do twenty is because it is an almost certain free ride to financial independence. Absolutely. But only if you know what you're doing, have a plan from the get-go, and follow through all the way. If I could go back in time and do it all over again, I would pick a rate I enjoy instead of one that threw a large bonus at me, vastly raise my TSP contributions, and buy a beater car with cash. My net worth would be somewhere around $100k higher than it is now, and I'd stay in for at least 20. But that's with the financial knowledge I have *now*. I didn't know anything about this stuff at 18. Actually, if I were to go back to 2007 again with my current knowledge, I'd eat ramen and invest everything I could in AAPL, TSLA, and bitcoins, and that $100k figure above would be laughably small. I'd be retired *now*. But that's beside the point entirely.
[/r/outoftheloop](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/35l896/if_you_had_365_days_to_eat_a_standard_wooden_door/)
$0, by not panicking. In fact, I bought even more shares because they were on sale.
Cars are not investments. They are depreciating consumer goods.
&gt; I can only pay up to 6k up front right now There's your answer. $6k.
Marketing? Have you looked into utility companies? Power is bought and sold on the electric grid in real time, 24/7. Almost every power company I've ever heard of has shiftwork marketers.
What was the ROI on the last car you sold?
Totally off the wall idea: Work from home for clients in Australia?
The Air Force *almost* got something close to what the Navy ended up with.
But, if you are 90, are you still worried about your principle lasting forever?
I know a guy who had a waiver for having too many waivers. A Too-Many-Waivers Waiver. I am completely serious.
IRRs don't ever have any reason whatsoever to be in uniform.
Your recruiter lied to you. To be fair, if your recruiter wasn't a nuke, they probably didn't know. What actually happens is, in boot camp, you're asked to list the three rates in order of preference. You actually get the rate that fits best with your line scores and needs of the Navy, but if your scores make you an equal fit for two rates, the preference sheet is used as a tiebreaker. I only know this because the boot camp nuke coordinator who gave me my rate ended up as a Chief on my boat, and we had some pretty in-depth conversations about the process. &gt; are you happy with EM? Overall, it's ok. I might be a little biased, but I think it's the best nuclear rate. I think most EMs agree with me, and it shows in our lower re-enlistment bonuses and advancement rate than other nukes. Don't get me wrong, as nukes we're lucky to have some of the highest bonuses in the service, and I've known more than one 7-year EMC. *For me*, If I could cross-rate to conventional EM and go to a the surface small boy community, I would stay in until they force me out as a 30-year EMCM.
I guarantee you it's not too expensive to live off base. You're paying 100% of your BAH to live in base housing. I lived in Tracyton (A nice little area of East Bremerton, really) for 70% of my BAH. This was in a single family 2 br house with a nice yard. You can find deals if you look hard enough. Then again, I was an E5 when I was there, not sure about your situation.
What is your income, and what are your other bills?
[This is the Zillow page for the real house 308 Negra Arroyo Lane was based on.](http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/3828-Piermont-Dr-NE-Albuquerque-NM-87111/6776276_zpid/) That doesn't seem too outlandish for a two income household in Albuquerque, honestly.
Going by /u/cvlrymedic's list, [here's what they'd look like not faded](http://i.imgur.com/Hzq44EX.png).
I guess it could be more purple, but it looks right on my screen. Also, did you mean [this one](http://www.medalsofamerica.com/Galleria/2/f058-Large.jpg)? Looks light blue to me.
It sounds like you need a new job. You can have the job you want, if you don't care where you live. You can live where you want, if you don't care what you do. It's time for you to move.
&gt; it is "only" one CSG I think you're underestimating a CSG, especially a modern one.
48? A modern CSG has up to nine squadrons, typically containing ~20 aircraft each. Given, some of these will be electronic jamming planes (EA-6 variants) and other planes, you're still looking at 100+ fighters. A modern CSG is going to show up with a cruiser or two, two or three destroyers, and a fast attack submarine or two. *All of these* are equipped with Tomahawks and other long-range guided missiles. Oh, by the way, who supplies the Marines? The Navy. Who heals the wounded marines? Navy doctors and corpsmen. Who provides spiritual counseling when the marines just can't handle their overwhelming loss? Navy chaplains.
I can only speak to generalities. I've never met a conventional EM in person. Electrical theory is the same, and motor/generator maintenance schedules are probably similar, but that's about it.
&gt; Develop and field test a new flame-resistant coverall this year that could resemble the Coast Guard working uniform. A. They should have done this decades ago. B. Why does it need "developing" or "field testing"? Those have *already* been done. You know, by the Coast Guard.
&gt; if i have to pay to be able to see her everyday to me its worth it. I'm married; I understand the sentiment. I wasn't married in A school, so I'd have to defer on this one and hope you get an answer. **BUT** If you can't handle a few months apart at school where you have access to cell phones and internet *every day*, how will you handle a deployment? You might want to think about that.
You think there aren't any fires on CG cutters?
You know who *really really* cares about dryer fires? Is it the cranks/cooks who don't check pockets and let plastic pens fall out and melt on the heaters? No. Is the MTs who run the dryer for 24 straight hours without a break to cool down, or even cleaning the lint trap, on their laundry day? No. Is it the Shower Techs with their excessively fluffy and linty towels? No. It's E-div, the guys who you call to fix the one and only dryer after the rest of the crew treats it like shit and it catches on fire. And as an electrician, I'll tell you the lint from coveralls is *nothing* compared to the other crap I've found melted/burned/otherwise stuck to the dryer heaters.
I'm not saying don't do it. I really do hope someone who knows the answer will tell him. I'm just saying if they're worried about a short period like A school, it's something they need to think about as a couple for the long run. Deployments are rough on relationships.
Or just change the rules so you can wear any uniform anywhere, just like all the other services. Why is that so hard?
Seriously? So if I want to surprise my wife with some flowers on the way home, I'm SOL if I don't bring civvies and change on the pier? What if I want to get my groceries or get my kid a birthday present without stopping at home first? Those are things that everyone in all branches can do, but us.
I love how they specify you can wear your underwear with your civvies.
If it has a wire going to it, it's E-div's problem. Doesn't really matter if it's our equipment or even an electrical system.
Just because you did something somewhere else a specific way doesn't make that the right way.
That's a fair point. I'd also concede that there's probably not much of a reason to wear anything other than dress uniforms or civvies off base *overseas*. That's not really a good enough reason to completely disallow something in the uniform regs, though. Command instructions should be able to take care of it if necessary.
You'll make a great nuke with that healthy sarcastic wit.
It's a mean average, skewed by people with very high incomes. It also takes into account increased housing costs that not everyone has, daycare that not everyone uses, bigger, more expensive cars that not everyone buys or needs, etc.
Also, keep in mind that good ≠ expensive. All car seats have to meet the same safety standards.
I got out of the Navy 2 years ago. Terminal leave *and* a paycheck? As awesome as it is, I'd pretend I wasn't getting paid by the Navy anymore, if I were you, and sock that extra cash away. &gt; I do have debt I just didn't list it Actually, no, scratch that. Pay off that debt with the extra cash! &gt; I plan on having that up to around $6-8 by the years end. Ok, a little quick math (starting with $2k, now) says you're saving ~$1000-1300 per month. &gt; Within the next 12 months: Taking a vacation to Europe That's doable. If you're smart, the plane tickets are the most expensive part of a trip to Europe. Are you going to be going somewhere specific, or backpacking for a few weeks, or something else? I'd recommend keeping it on the cheap if you want to meet your next goals. &gt; Within the next 18 months: Purchasing a new car Depending on how much you spend on your vacation, I'd imagine in this timeframe you'll have enough to pay for an awesome used car with cash. Let's say you spend $5k in Europe. 18 months from now, at your savings rate, you'll have $15-19k. That's enough for a very solid emergency fund *and* a ~5 year old &lt;75k mile car! Within the next 36 months: Purchasing a house This one, I'm not sure about unless you ramp up your savings rate. I might prove myself wrong with math though, so here goes: You want to purchase a house that costs less than 3x your gross income, and put 20% down. Yes, I know you can get a VA loan, but you still want a solid downpayment. First, can you even find a suitable house in the DC area for $186k? I don't know, as I've never lived there. Next, will you have $37.2k to put down on it? [$2k (now) + {36 months * $1.33k} (savings rate) - $5k (vacation) - $5k (car)] = $38k. You'll be barely scraping it, with almost nothing left over to pay closing costs or other expenses, and no emergency fund. I'd highly advise against it. Save for a little more time, or raise your savings rate, and you should be good to go though. &gt;My company offers a 401K match of 100% of the first 6% of my pay. Make sure you are contributing *at least* 6% to your 401(k). Not doing so is essentially telling your company that you don't want the free money they're offering you. Normally, I'd recommend more, but you have some well defined short term goals. Stick it at 6%. &gt; I do have a TSP but there is only about $3000 in there. Hey, no worries, that's about what I had in mine when I got out, too. The Navy doesn't really do a good job of teaching you about it, IMO. &gt;I planned on taking the cash out since the fee is very very small. Eh, I wouldn't (and didn't). If the money isn't there already, move it to the L2050. It's a target date retirement/index that you don't have to think about. Keep the TSP account open; the expense ratios are the lowest in the business, and you can roll 401(k)s and IRAs into it, in the future. No reason to deny your future self that option.
&gt; I never really took much time off in the Navy. I know that feeling. Use-or-lose blows, especially when your command's optempo doesn't support the "use" option. &gt; I really do plan on leasing again You have a lot of time between now and when you want your next car. I'd do some research on leases. Just a search here on [/r/pf](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance) will bring up tons of information on why it's financially not a good idea. It's really only useful if you have to be flashy and have a new car to entertain business clients. Otherewise, it's a serious money losing deal. &gt; So you're saying I should just let my TSP go after putting it into the L2050 and checking on it again in 34 years? To an extent, yes. The vast majority of good investing is "set it and forget it". &gt; I just always figured it would do much better if it were in a 401k/IRA It's basically the same thing. It's one type of tax-deferred account. It just costs you less to keep your money there than even the cheaper (Vanguard, etc) IRA options. &gt; or used to pay down some debt. You have to pay a 10% penalty to take the money out before retirement age, unless you do an IRA rollover. Your call, but if I remember correctly, doing this after you've left the service closes your account.
&gt; You do not know anbody because ~~it is not a thing~~ nobody talks about it. Most nukes are fed up and 6 (or 8) and out, or stick it out for a career. Once a Nuke always a Nuke (in the Active Duty Navy). FTFY. -EM1(SS)
Shore power on a boomer is the tits though. On the way home you go topside before everyone else, wrench open the shore power trunks, and have a cigar while you wait for the boat to tie up. Sure, you're still there for the shutdown *long* after the coners have left, but that hour or so on the way home is the only real relaxing peace you get; you might as well enjoy it.
&gt; judging by Facebook Hey, remember that for most people, Facebook is like a highlight reel or a best of. Maybe it's awkward contacting the mom, but at 15, I'd imagine your daughter has her own account? Why not just send her a message or something?
&gt; How low-rent does somebody have to be to look at a $35K/year salary and think that's gold-digging material? That's looking at someone fairly new. E-3 or 4 with less than 4 years in. That pay never takes a cut. It is guaranteed to go up with time. Stick around with this guy for 10 years, and if he makes a career and gets a retirement, you get *half* even if you divorce. And military retirement pay, even for a 20-year E-6, is nothing to sneeze at.
[/r/personalfinance FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/faq).
For a professional athlete? I've seen people who make 3% of his paycheck buy bigger houses than that. Usually by going into much more debt than they can afford, but still...
Given that the $1.25M house is only 14% of a year's pay for the guy, I'd call that not only reasonable but downright frugal, compared to others making the same kind of money. Not compared to you and me, of course. 14% of my salary wouldn't even get me a decent used mobile home, let alone land to put it on.
But your grandkids though. To be honest, I'm fairly jaded about my dad's time in the service, because I lived with him for two thirds of it. But my grandpa's stories were STFU-and-listen style riveting. It also helps that he was in Korea and Vietnam though.
That's a load of crap. They just don't want to do the paperwork.
I agree, but we both know how selection processes for this kind of thing go. The right way to be to have interviews with a board made of sub-qual'd Chiefs, PO1s, and (IMO) senior JOs. The people who interact daily with the whole crew top to bottom, and have a feel for whether they fit in or not. But I bet they looked at qual dates and evals, and *maybe* had interviews with COs and COBs. Not even an EDMC because they're all coners. I mean, on the plus side, it's going to be a race to be the first enlisted woman with fish. But after that?
Yep. I've bought a "forever home" twice, and I'm only 27. It helps that I lived in a low, and moved to a medium, COL area, and have a less expensive idea of what it takes to call it "forever", but still...
I wish I could agree completely with this. The problem is, that's not helping the kid to learn how the world works. Your job/team/partner need results. You can put all the effort in the world into something and still fail or lose. Fail enough times at work, get fired. Fail enough times at your marriage? Divorce. Sometimes, this is because of lack of effort, but not always.
The oldest continually operating one, yes.
Thank you for your taxes.
I've only seen a HM2 IDC *once*. I'm pretty sure you have to be a fairly hot running and senior corpsman to even attempt to be an IDC.
&gt; If you got a 96 ASVAB you would probably hate your life as a deck seaman. To be completely fair here, The only rate I really wanted was BM. I joined the *Navy* to be a *Sailor*. If I didn't want to sail a ship, I would have joined the Air Force, I thought. *I would have loved the hell out of being a BM* or QM, now that I think of it. Then I took the ASVAB, and my recruiter threw more money at me than my 18-year-old eyes had ever seen to become a nuke. I am the textbook example of "do the job you want, not the one your recruiter says you might like". Had I taken the job I actually wanted, I'd make the Navy a career.
&gt; I'm ineligible for the rates that require TS Are you sure she meant TS, as in Top Secret Clearance? I can tell you for a fact that it is in no way required to be a nuke. There is a very small subset of nuke jobs that require one, most of which are guys who work in the USS Jimmy Carter. You do need a Secret to get on an SSBN, although I don't think that's the case for a fast boat [Edit: it is! Thanks /u/looktowindward, I was never on one.], and definitely not for a carrier.
&gt; I also think MISO generally won't even look at an application if you aren't already certified That is certainly not true. They have a training program in place to get you your RC cert.
You know, everyone said that, from day one of A-School til the day I got out. Everyone constantly rags on "paint chippers". And with a little more maturity under my belt now, I can see I went the right direction. I have a better (and better paying!) job than anyone I went to high school with, including people who have advanced degrees. When you factor in that I have no student loans *on top of that*, I'm doing extremely well for myself, because of my Navy experience. But don't get me wrong. I hated waking up every single day in the Navy. I hated the hours. I hated not seeing the sun for months on end. I got married and hated being separated from my wife, then family. When I joined, I just wanted to do some relatively simple manual labor and hang out on a boat. Maybe it was because it was the exact opposite direction than I had been pushed my whole life (get good grades, go to college, etc.) and I was a rebellious little shit. I still think I would have been a little happier. Maybe I wouldn't; who knows?
Good for you. No sarcasm; I mean it. The Navy needs people who love what they do.
I think you've said that you are/were on a boomer too, right? There's a command roster at the ~~NNPTU~~ NNPTC quarterdeck that lists everyone's (staff, not students) security clearance. Stand enough watches there, and you get bored enough to look through it. There were relatively few Secrets and almost no TSs. I did ask about it, and the response I was given is what I mentioned here. The CO's phone talker for battlestations on a SSBN is also almost always a nuke, and requires a TS.
February 30th.
It may have been pretty surface heavy at the time. Also, thanks for pointing that out, I meant NNPTC, not NPTU. I've never seen the sea returnee clearance lists at prototype.
Unless you own a boat. Or an RV. Or a horse trailer. Basically, all off-road towing. And since we're mentioning off-roading, there is a lot of off-road commercial trucking. Logging and oilfields come to mind.
I'm going to offer you some cold, hard, financial advice. First you're going to be angry and dismissive, but please come back to it later with some maturity, read it again, and take it to heart. &gt; The cost of my plane ticket has now exceeded how much I have available To me, it sounds like you couldn't afford it to begin with. Assuming the cost of the ticket *doubled*, and it's now out of your reach, that means you were going to spend over half *of all of the money you have to your name* on one ticket. Not to be a dick here, but that is a *really dumb* idea, and yet, I see junior guys going out and doing things just like it *all the time*. The smart thing to do would be to wait until after the deployment. While you're underway, there's not really much for you to spend money on, and you'll come home to a nice chunk of change. Then go home, when you can afford it. Alternatively, go on leave now, but don't fly home. Relax and hang out locally. Look, I get that living in the barracks / on the ship means you don't have much in the way of expenses. But the reality is, what if some kind of emergency comes up and you *need* the money? You don't even have enough in your account to buy a plane ticket. That's a very bad situation to be in. Do you have a car? What if you get in an accident and need to pay your deductable? Sounds like you don't have it handy. I'd seriously recommend visiting /r/personalfinance [Edit: and talking to your Command Financial Specialist] and getting some advice on how to come up with and stick to a budget. You need to save some money somehow. [Edit 2] Sorry, I did a little snooping on your previous posts. You're looking to get out of the military. *You need to have money saved up to do this!* You need to start saving *NOW*. You're not guaranteed to have a job lined up that starts immediately on your EAOS. Some people do, but most don't. Unemployment is *even less* than you make now. Please save some money. Also, I noticed you have a Galaxy S6, on Verizon. That's an expensive phone on an expensive plan, especially for someone with budget problems. I recommend checking out [Republic Wireless](https://republicwireless.com/plans/). Unlimited talk/text/3G for $25/month or t/t/4G for $40/month, if you feel you need it.
I get that. I understand it's bullshit. Other people have offered up some great advice. I just wanted to point out another problem that you may not have considered. IMO, one that's even more important. Are you going to be able to fix your COC *overnight*, and afford your ticket? No. Can you exercise some control over your finances and save some money? Yes.
I'm American, so for me, that's an extra $1,574.74 at current exchange rates. In the US, I'd put it all into tax-advantaged retirement accounts, invested in index funds. I don't need to spend any more than I already am, my happiness wouldn't increase much if I got new shiny things. I don't know what kind of accounts like that you have across the pond, but after your gf feels like you've paid her back, I'd look into investing it if you don't have any other debt to pay off first.
Also, what happens if he doesn't go to college? Maybe he'll want to join the military or get into a trade.
Homebrewing is *not* a way to save money. It gets expensive, just like any hobby. I love it. It's a great way to spend a few hours; you come out with a product you can drink and be proud of, trade with others, etc. But if you want to keep the cost down, you're going to be brewing cheap beer, just like the big boys.
&gt; I understand it's his choice I just wanted to point out some reasons why you might not use that 529 money, and have to pay the 10%. The military, specifically, will give him the GI Bill, and college will then be free if he chooses to go. I don't think you can take the 529 money penalty-free if he does that. &gt; will try to guide him toward the latter. Also, hey. Dad to dad here. Don't push too hard. At 18, I was a rebellious little shit. My whole life, I had been pushed to get the best grades and go to college. I pushed back, joined the Navy, ended up operating nuclear reactors, got out, and now make more money than anyone I went to high school with, with no student debt.
How many batches do you need to brew to recoup the costs of your equipment though? I've never sat down and done the math on it, honestly. You might be right.
Fun Fact: The San Jacinto Monument in La Porte is the tallest freestanding masonry column in the world.
That's fair. You really shouldn't *need* to get your CFS involved unless you have no self control and spend yourself into a massive debt hole. The problem with debt holes is they affect everything about your life, and might end up costing you your security clearance if you have one. In that case, your command absolutely does need to get involved. As much as it might suck for you, you brought it on yourself. Not you, in particular, but someone who gets themselves in that trap. In any case, your CFS may have some knowledge and resources to help you *before you even get to that point*. I was a CFS. I'd like to believe you don't take that collateral unless you're interested in finances and actually can help, but I know that's not true everywhere.
* Compensation: $84k/yr * Job: Power Generation Dispatch * Benefits: Rotating shifts, so 7 days off (in a row) with no vacation time used, every 6 weeks. 401(k) matching, standard set of insurances, small bonus. * Degree: *None* * School: US Navy Nuclear Power School * Location: Twin Cities area * Age: 27 * Years of experience (current job): 1 * Years of experience (career): 2, but 8 if you count my Navy time. * Notes: This is a fantastic career to get into. The vast majority of people I work with are 50+, with many about to retire. Very soon, there's going to be a shortage of operators, and when every power company is hiring, having a NERC certificate will be like having the pen to write your own paycheck. If you have any kind of electrical background, almost every power company and ISO has a training program to get you your certificate to operate the grid.
I thought the fifth element was Leeloo.
Depends where you go. I've heard Peak Reliability starts some people out at $105-110k, but that's secondhand info; I've never talked to someone who works there. Some smaller power companies start around $50-60k, depending on location. Most companies in Texas are examples of that, but Texas also has a very low cost of living. The job is awesome, IMO. Every single day is different, and you never take work home with you. At a high level, my job is to coordinate when power plants run, and how much power they produce. The amount of electricity used varies throughout the day, so companies bid their plants to run at specific prices. My job, along with others in the control room, is to basically keep the powerlines from getting overloaded. [Here's a thread I fonund recently](http://www.reddit.com/r/Grid_Ops/comments/38ufa5/how_to_get_a_job_in_the_industry/) with a little more info. There are very very few of us, and most people have never heard of what we do or the jobs themselves. How to break in? Apply. Search Indeed for things like "Reliability Coordinator" "Generation Dispatcher" "Transmission Operator". Since so few people know about the career field, there are almost never many applicants. Keep in mind, there are also relatively few openings at a time, and you'll probably have to move.
Most people just use a kickstand.
Have you seen PA's alcohol laws? They're not going to be catching up on this any time soon.
&gt; It made me think of both my childhood and the meanness of other people as I experienced it If your kid were a little older, I'd say this is a great moment to teach your kid how to react to people who call him names. The reality is, though, he probably doesn't care. He's two. Also, WG probably doesn't know she even did anything wrong. In my family, we call each other all kinds of stuff jokingly, but my wife is exteremely sensitive to that kind of stuff because her parents don't do it. Sounds like you've got a similar situation going on.
Unless you get rear-ended.
Yes. I'm not disagreeing with you. Rear facing is much, much safer for crashes from the front end of the vehicle (head on). However, it makes no difference if the vehicle is hit from the side, and is actually *less safe* if hit from the rear. Typically, head on crashes occur at higher speeds. Rear facing is safer for crashes that are *more dangerous*, while front facing is safer for crashes that are *more likely*. This information is almost always left out of the FF/RF debate.
The pending deposits often disappear on the NFCU website. I'd start worrying when it actually doesn't show up.
How many are on reddit?
Then fuck you.
Midnight EST.
Can it, as in, is it physically possible? Of course. What you're asking is: is it allowed by procedure? Again, of course. In emergency situations. What you really mean to ask is: How much power is this? [Here's some public information about the reactor.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S8G_reactor)
Nope, it doesn't break anything. It makes everyone in the box on edge, but it's more fun than 4-knots-to-nowhere for weeks on end.
You get your own rack on a boomer.
AMA works. He doesn't have to *answer*, but you can ask anything you want.
$25 per lawn? I don't think I ever got more than $10. I'm not even that old...
I'll be at work so... reddit.
You might want to check out /r/financialindependence. If you just put that money in a low-cost index fund, you should be able to safely draw $92k per year without fear of ever running out.
That's a fair assessment. But at the same time, OP is spending $15k/yr as is. It's a major jump to just go out and multiply your spending by 6 for no reason other than "because I feel like it, and some guy on the internet said so." Also, the Trinity study came up with 4% for 30 years, but it also didn't take into account any other income, ever. So if OP decided to get a job one day (as another comment mentions, they do have computer skills, for example) or gets the disability appealed, the percentage they take from the invested principal decreases. I'm not saying they *need* to spend that much, just that they *can, sometimes*.
Right, some of them have out of state plates.
But that's not really censoring anything. Everyone knows what that 1 is for. &gt; That DOES sound horribly plausible. would have been a sentence on its own, if thincactus didn't want to swear.
Should, yes. But I have a feeling she wouldn't, or they probably would have had that talk together.
If you're not in a state that borders Canada, your kids probably have a snow day.
That's all well and good, but people who get to do their *dream* job are exceedingly rare. The rest of us, including you from the sounds of it, need to do something to pay the bills.
A mix of both, I guess. If I had to go back right now with no warning, I have a fairly good idea of what to buy at IPO, along with getting into bitcoin mining the very second it gets invented. But if I had some time to do research before going back, I'd memorize as much as possible.
I have to agree with some of the other replies here. &gt; but who will take care of my girls? *You* will. Almost as much as you do now, although that depends heavily on which branch of the military you join and what job you get. In the Air Force, particularly, most jobs have a similar schedule to what you can find elsewhere. Yes, you will have to go to boot camp/basic training. It's only a few months. Yes, you'll have to go to training. If your training command is long enough, you may be able to bring your family with you. Yes, you may be deployed. Well, in that case, as /u/freddit52 pointed out, it'll be no different than if you disappeared for any other reason, but *you'll come back*.
You need about 25-30x your annual spending. Do you currently spend $200-320k/yr?
To be honest, I wouldn't mind a rematch. The amount of hate around here would be through the roof.
&gt; We've been talking about getting married, But you had no prior knowledge of her finances, because she rightly predicted this response: &gt; We could pay off all *our* debts with this money- I'll be honest with you: I would be hesitant to continue talking about legally binding myself to you until you shaped up your own finances. If your relationship is otherwise great, she might be waiting for this. &gt; I have about 15k of federal student loan debt, a 20k car loan and 3k of credit card debt on a 19% card Are you underwater on the car? Because if we were in a relationship, this is what I would want you to do, although I would never in a million years ask you to do it: Sell your car. Replace it with one for $10k or less. I know you use it for work, but you can get a *[really nice](http://www.autotrader.com/cars-for-sale/cars+under+10000/Lebanon+KS-66952?endYear=2017&amp;firstRecord=0&amp;maxMileage=100000&amp;maxPrice=10000&amp;searchRadius=0&amp;showcaseOwnerId=63850339&amp;startYear=2000&amp;Log=0&amp;showcaseListingId=406357802&amp;showcaseOwnerId=63850339&amp;captureSearch=true&amp;fromSIP=BC9E3E70A6CC5EFE0244DE66F69AD762&amp;showToolbar=true&amp;Log=0)* car for $10k. Pay off your credit card and as much of your student loans (highest interest rate first, $7k+) first. Show you are serious about being a financial adult. [Edit] I just saw that you also have $10k cash. Pay off the card *now* and the student loans *completely* after replacing the car. Then build your cash back up instead of spending more. Remember, she has been sacrificing quite a bit for her whole working career to get where she is.
Time in the market beats timing the market every time. *Right now* is always the second best time to invest. The best time was many years ago.
&gt; My husband has a 40hr/week job at 22.30/hr. over the last 6 months our total take home average has been 4500. We have $2200/month in bills. We don't have credit cards, or much of a savings account; we buy most things in cash and big purchases we save for, or buy a little at a time. We have 2 cars, 1 18yr old daughter in HS, (college 529 plan, and scholarship). This is all extreneous information. Your company doesn't care what you *do* with the money it gives you. &gt; So if I get offered my current annual gross as my new salary, I will only make $12.03 per hour? If you were being switched to salary with no promotion, you did your math right. Thinking about a salary in terms of hourly pay is a mental disaster, though. How are your responsibilities changing, and how to you think your hours and outside of work time commitments will change? What about PTO?
I moved to Minnesota a year and a half ago. I truly do love almost everything about living here. The natural beauty of the area easily rivals the Pacific Northwest. The people are nice and friendly. I've never seen as many people out on bikes *everywhere* as I have here. The food is pretty solid. Walleye isn't going to beat salmon in my mind, but it's pretty good, nonetheless. I love raising my kids in the safe and prosperous suburbs of the Twin Cities. But today, Minnesota, I wish for nothing more than for your football team to suffer a heartbreaking, devastating loss. [Edit] Damn, that looked heartbreaking and devastating.
The beer here is pretty great, too.
