Or im being sarcastic
Even Schoolboy Q outsold this
He had trouble with the hiphop crowd tht didnt know bout his underground past, amd the ones that did know it didnt like the corny radio somgs he was making...he did not have trouble with the rest of the planet The stuff he did with Dre and the rest of Shady/Aftermath helped
It is?
"Used to tell their friends i was ugly and wouldnt touch me..then i showed up in that dubbed out buggy" Jay knows whats what
thats a sin...
First week sales might be core fanbase, but after tht its the rest of the public buying the album and singles And Kanye came out in a time when it was easier to grow mainstream fanbases
Hurt Me Soul or Sing About Me/Dyin of Thirst? Edit: from what i can tell: HHH loves Kendrick more, and BX loves Lupe more
Yu ppl have completely removed all meaning for the word "corny" by using it to mean anything
Well he has like 10 mixtapes He put that work in already
3 classics....? Like i said..give it time
We as in hiphop heads Well we thought Lupe, Luda, Game(kinda), Jeezy, TI(arguably is) etc. would end up being legends at one point after a string of great albums/mixtapes early in their career
Theyre southern legends for sure
Boxden...hiphop/culture website used by mostly non-white hiphop fans
AZ is actually from brooklyn, not QB
Actually TI left years ago
Omg...a good Cons song after like a decade Lu killed this
https://instagram.com/p/2p3I0NjSNu/?taken-by=rocktde am i?
ya it does kinda sound like a muggz beat
No he said "I'm who Drake wants to be"
Almost 100% positive? Foh
And Soulo
...blackballed? Lol gtfoh
...this is false
"Sayin my names on world stages, thats so childish" or somethin Cuz gambino said hes better than drake during some show
Warrwn G tweeted "we watchin you youngin" or somethjng to Vince a few months back
idunno Rosenberg said him and Gambino talked about it, so regardless CG thinks it was a shot at him
so he's only going to feature friends he knew in 2006? what kind of logic is this...
Who said "i wanna teleport on these hoes"?
"This right here"?? For asking why?
You dont hav to defend drake lmao
Hes never good at either of those things He has good wordplay and flow sometimes tho
He dropped out in gr11
Yup
Why is that weird? Youre just gonna assume Akons shady and evil like that?
Violence in general is excusable if its for art
Yall are weird
Well im not going to support Westerner ignorance by clearing up all stereotypes and ignorant assumptions they may have about the rest of the planet everytime i mention something they dont understand
Top dawg put out These Days... They hav no issues with bad albums
Not about the quality Jus let it be...even Snoop said hes not gonna put the Pac songs out unless Afeni gets all the money from it
And its about his career on Atlantic
And before Bad Boy Made Mary J a star, helped Flex become a big DJ in new york, found Biggie and got him out the streets (kinda) The guy also gave us G-Dep, who gave us an extremely underappreciated album (at least go listen to Everyday)
Oh ya totally slipped my mind OOoOooOooweee
Yup RapRadar even put it high on their "disapppinting albums" list last year
Wasnt Luda helping write them?
I wanna fuck you - snoop/akon
Singh is King..Snoops on it
Soulo put out 3 good-great projects before that and then put out a dud...so ya its bad
Suga Free is the GOAT of this
All your Fault was great
You dont go out much, do you?
DUNKNOW
So? Rules only state yu can be on with no debut album
Erykah Badu...
Dej loaf is very very good And Tink is gifted
"Couple of hit songs"...it was like TOP5 on billboard
he had BARS on that though
i hate everybody that made that shit into a meme Boosie is fucking amazing and he was reduced into some "LOL lets ironically hope that this black man that raps gets out of jail"
what did people not like about the album? i didnt go into any of the discussion threads because i stopped doing that the only thing missing from this album was some hard party banger, but i dont even wanna hear rocky do those anymore
definitely a contender
Did yu just suggest islam/allah is synonymous with terrorism?
Dofference is Dre doesnt wanna put out detox...but 50 wants this out from time
no there isn't would you also say theres a clear link between using nuclear bombs and being American, or being German and doing genocide?
I cant believe there was a time when i liked Culdesac
Its a gift card that we have to mail to absoul
Skeme and Q track is nuts
its the only album he made not doing lean
Bronson did it like a week later too...and Yes done it a couple times before What is wrong with you people
Common, Kanye, Wayne, Big Sean to name a few
He used to copy Nas and Shyne but not ppl he made songs with
To be fair..T&amp;Y is just as unrelateable Its probably just that they like the sound more
Tbh i dont think TPAB will be very influential I love that album, but i doubt it'll shift hiphops sound or w.e
Oh Sremmlife will have no lasting power, but i dont think TPAB is gonna be on doggystyle level or have much influence
Okay i believe you
You must be a really cool guy who gets all the girls
Nah jus tired of all the ironic hiphop fandom
a few days ago Jay Rock posted a pic on IG of Ali mixing the album...so i put that on HHH.. and i got so many comments about how im just speculating and its just a song and i shouldnt jump the gun, that i just deleted the post
Hes unbelievably great live Watch his performances on youtube if you dont believe me
https://youtu.be/uSMh_MPQue8?t=10m6s seems like Toronto just has a thing for TDE
Idunno...he lived a hard life, was always poltically-involved, read a lot and wrote poetry and took a lot of drama classes
Its big on other blogs But not with the mainstream crowd
Snoop x Vince A non-Tyler produced song witn Kurupt and Q Jay and Lupe again
Oh yes plz
Quik and nip
His fault he cant make a hit
Memphis Bleek couldve been the GOAT if he wasnt so bad
Yu mean the one tht dropped 6 months ago?
while that is true, jay was the connect between kanye and lupe and he put Lupe in the position that he could have a deal and all that touch the sky definitely was the reason that so much happened for him tho
imo jay rock is more lyrical
lyrical caliber? kendrick is a great writer, but rock's storytelling and bars are better imo..i jus feel it more...kendricks better with the theatrics and vocal production (which i consider important also) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJVznAmcDSU this is craaazy and this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3va3I8NAhI
Definitely Both Run and DMC were amazing lyricists
How is a fan vote not earning it? Its proof tht ppl want your career further
Raury, travis, kendrick, drake, Schoolboy, rocky, kanye etc. hav all said they were influenced by him
Let u havit is one of the best diss tracks imo...smooth as fuck and hes talkin bout getting revenge
Dogg Food and Doggystyle
Terrace Martin is also a heavily slept on producer/artist
Nah RJ is a much better lyricist than YG400
Snoop and his wife worked out a "dont ask dont tell" policy around the time he was actually pimping women out
Well kidd kidd was able to do that the most, over anyone else that tried
Why do you people believe he did this?
Dont really know wat the last sentence means But ya..dont like Cole if you dont like him, but dont act like he tries too hard becausr of sone tongue in cheek song A much better example wud be crooked smile
Street Gospel by Suga Free is clssic
No idea but thats what he said
Every song he has mentions long beach, and yu fucked this up
Working fine for me
Cole and Kendrick stans both think theyre fans of the next coming up Tupac or something
its not a nice thing, but he did it for the fans he even cussed out Hot97 for not letting him design the stage
kendrick stans...
its such a stretch that its ridiculous that people even suggest it its two completely different energies and personalities
until Q got out there, the performance was kinda weak
that has nothing to do with him being the next Pac youre just saying that theyre iconic west coast emcees, which is fair, but it hardly means that hes the next Pac
LOL its funny cuz its possible
Nah yur right When Rocky first came on, he said he hated ppl calling him A$AP because thats the crew
People actually stayed to see Troy and Fetty Kinda crazy
The guy did cuss out Ebro and hot97 on twitter
Merry Westmas
Gin and Juice or Nuthin but a G Thang
I think hes just a big Gibbs fan
You gotta try to be as objective as possible here...Pac has just proven that he can pull off any style in hiphop
Props for puttin Lu There are very very few rappers that could beat him in rapping
The songs you picked are all white party bangers Along with Ignition remix and Good Life
Shake That Monkey Blow that Whistle Turn Me On
LMAO i gotta check this out
Its a sports term
Very rarely has this phrase ever been uttered
He was runnin with westside pirus back then
No its just dumb for the headliner to come out early Q is much better on stage than Kendrick
Hustler is a classic song tho
Back that azz up for sure
I dont think i ever finished tht album Shud i go back?
Azaelia banks? Nah b
Why wud i need an explanation? he isnt in hiphop culture like that, and its just not a place he'd fit in with his hipster tendancies Maybe Real Late with Rosenberg
Yea but i'd think a guy who does music reviews wud be talkin bout hiphop...
Yu ppl are ridiculously disrespectful
Lol hes just sayin tht for his character Hes a big killer mike fan
DOOM cant be on the same level as those other guys cuz he never had mainstream love Hes an underground great/legend, which is different
Definitely
Have you checked out his other stuff?
They both have 5-6 great tracks surrounded by crap
Check out RapGenius' article "The Proust of Rap" while you play The Cool if yu ever get to it Several songs are entirely double/triple entendres, and the beats are much harder/darker
Thats awesome! Did you catch Charles? I saw http://youtu.be/igfCoxR-EJ0
He did not fall off as much as them
yeah i guess the delivery was, but the lyrics are still pretty dark
the horns arent average at all
Shout out to Young Guru
Well i'd argue that hes wrong because more than 5 albums can fit the criteria he stated
You should listen to more projects from 2010-2015
We dont do "dur hur" and all that here
Yadadameaaan
Mackwop
Kanye was very lyrical on that one tho It has like 100 quotables
While i dont agree, i can see why people think this Personally, I love the album but only listen to it once every few months...i listen to Gods Son, Lost Tapes, HHID, and Stillmatic way more
Only Soul is hippy-ish They call themselves Black Hippys because they wanna be peaceful and free and all that, and Jay Rocks lyrics are all about escaping his concrete jungle
Well for stadium albums it does, i guess But even so, its still pretty lyrical "she told the director she tryna get into school, he said take em glasses off and get in the pool" Ye bars are kinda like QTip bars
several inaccuracies, the lines were very hollywood-y, and made Pac look like some mental case
Who calls it this?
Nah Ye is crazy not corny
Nah i think Vinces delivery was kinda dry on this Too '93 Snoop Dogg-y for this beat
Cuz Thuggers still talkin street/ignorant shit Its about the content, not the music
Ya And Sean learned it from Ye who learned it from Comm
I like him a lot I jus dont like that flow he does where hes like mumbling all his words
Thats jus his personality Hes always been like that
Cuz young calvin said when he grows up he wants to be a muthafuckin hustla Ya better ask somebody
Hav yu seen any SNL skits where fallons trying not to laugh? Honestly tho, my favourite late night host was Ferguson, and his laughs were the most genuine
Not everybody likes weird voices, funk, and jazz dont think yur better than others because of yur music preference
Wow Def Jam is going all out for Vince's rollout Thank god this industry has NoID in an executive position
Its ridiculous...especially here On many other boards, people prefer several other albums this year over TPAB
And several people disagree Doesnt make them wrong
Ya he was the greatest It was obvious he wasnt having much fun with it by the end tho
I read somewhere that 3k freestyled some of that
Kurupt
Jay hasnt gotten worse Hes jus lazy or is trying to do new shit that doesnt fit his style He still comes thru with a great feature
Ya thats fair WTT was great tho
That intro track is sooo hard
maybe yur right, but ive never seen anyone on wshh, thecoli, bx, twitter or rapradar mention the gay tweets
Go listen to Amazing
Lol what? I like drakes music And my point is tht jays music is not good because hes focused on sales
Damn yur the first to tell me that Most ppl jus say its a clipse song done terribly
Didnt some san diego NH members try to shoot at him in 2011 or something? YG really has to leave the hood behind...he even says in interviews how he still kicks it in the trees all the time
Ya i know..im sure he didnt mean anything rude But it jus came out as "he made a good album so i hope he doesnt get hurt"
Neighborhood Crip Its the gang Nipseys in
I dont think he threw anything up but the 30 other pirus did and one of them stupidly yelled out "fuck nappz!"
Well that proves yu arent funny when yu have to think to write the joke
Its cuz he had the whole pro era crew Made it seem like a movement
20-30 years? Damn kid
Black Album is back to back classic tracks
Yup
YG lives in the Valley his friends do not Simple as that
Fucks
Isnt this well known?
Vol2 is lowkey Jays most lyrical album
Ya fruits and trees absolutely do not fuck with each other But he was also jealous of YGs success
Yu dont listen to his music much, huh?
he had enough classic songs that it doesnt matter if he doesnt have another classic album
Dre says he only likes making the debut for an artist
His interview with Big Boy
Pre-Food and Liquor Lupe
Im gonna go listen to Prisoner 1/2 now
who you think brought you the oldies, Eazy Es, Ice Cubes and DOCs, Snoop D O Double Gs, and the group that said muthafuck the police?
Lol no this is like hearing an entire crowd of people groan in disappointment
