True. I am willing to trade [my car]( http://i.imgur.com/MBJPV1n.jpg) , [my dog]( http://i.imgur.com/VzcTgeD.jpg) , and a couple [Heady Toppers]( http://i.imgur.com/Z8ibGqL.jpg) for a beat up M5. This should happen soon, because I'm moving to Texas.
Probably time for a new keyboard. Easy to replace, but a bit time consuming. You can buy a new OEM keyboard on EBay for around $30.00. Great instructions on iFixit.
Why not? It's 100x cheaper, and very easy to do. Anyone who can follow simple directions, and turn a screwdriver is golden.
So it seems there are only two animals that won't kill you in Australia. I long suspected this.
I did it twice, and it took around an hour. Cost $30.00.
Yes, it is that easy. There are several detailed videos on YouTube, and a thorough guide on iFixit. Not sure why others are saying it makes more sense to pay a ton of money, (and time) to have someone else do it.
[Looks like factory M-Sport.](http://i.imgur.com/WMZLvym.jpg)
Do this, OP.
http://powerflexusa.com/9-51998-2010ys3e.aspx It's a DIY job with a few tools. A puller helps, but a blowtorch can melt out the old bushings if they get too stubborn.
Not from personal experience. Check the 9-5 sections of Saabcentral.com and Saablink.net. I owned a bunch of c900s and a 9000.
Top Gun
You're right. If you read the Wired article, that's what he says.
Figured someone would say something like this. Take an upvote.
I was at work making wine labels, and it was too loud to hear anything, so I broke tradition and read an article.
Once the machine starts, I'm a slave to it... waiting around to do my work.
Fucking sea-turtles. Yat-yas
They just want your money.
Good judgment comes from experience; experience comes from bad judgment.
Will be neat to see how this effects IC engines in 20 years.
Is this the 30mm gun that was going on the cancelled EFV (previously AAAV)?
How opposed are you to stepping back a few model years and trying out an E39 540i M-Sport or even an M5?
Mechanically its a more analog driving experience. As far as maintenance, I'm not a good source of info... I've never owned one. There are quite a few folks here that can answer that question though.
uBlock Origine is pretty good at dealing with this. I didn't see any pop-ups on the site.
Depending on the condition of the rest of the car, it may cost more than the vehicle is worth. Also, there could be more damage than OP's pictures show. Looks like the subframe tore out chunks of the unibody. OP could probably make a bit of $$$ by parting it out, but not everyone has the time/space/experience for that.
I'd rather have a dog than a staph infection.
Time = money.
Every brewery is worth checking out. There's not a lot in ILM, so it should be pretty easy to find something you like.
There was a core group of 8-10 of us who stayed together for 3.5+ years in the USMC from 2002-2006. It's smarter to keep people together if you can.
One might say....
Looks good. It was hard to tell on my phone earlier today, but now that I can see it on a larger screen I like it.
wife* I'll take it though.
They should put a mid-90's Saab engine in it... either a B234R, or a B202T. That would be fun.
Thanks mom, but it turned out OK.
There were at least seven or eight beers for sale while I was there. And we became good buddies with the civilians there. They could go to the international airport whenever they wanted, and would get us handles of whatever hard liquor we wanted at the duty-free there.
Fuck this hipster crap. Go here and get a real sweatshirt, with a [lifetime warranty](http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/dtc-shared/customer-service/satisfaction-guarantee/no-bull-guarantee.aspx). http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/mens/mens-shirts/mens-sweatshirts/mens-sweatshirts.aspx
I laughed. Upboat for you.
Everything tasted great.
True story... while we were sitting there, a bee landed on my thumb. http://i.imgur.com/dhxzFVb.jpg
less blur http://i.imgur.com/xywnK2g.jpg
Yes to all that. The front of her head was blasted, in the worst possible way. She sounded as bad as Stannis's Baratheon's kid the other night.
Three beeps at startup is RAM. It could be a failing logic board, which might include your model in the repair program.
You think it's the HP, but it's really the TQ. Really comes alive after 2250rpms.
Still there. Absolutely massive.
Whats with all the hate?
Thanks for the reply. Nothing like a bunch of sober SJWs getting all jealous and nervous at the sight of boobs. tl;dr... fedoras everywhere
Correct. The VT site has an outdoor patio, a firepit with chairs, and a newer beer garden with picnic tables and a small bar of its own with a few taps.
Not sure, I just got beer, but I would assume so.
Salty 49er fans, mixed with the road-salt crumbling off of Ohio St. fans.
That's because it's a weird type of English that's spoken by locals in Wilmington.
Seems silly, is all. Whatever, I'm just going to kiss my wife even harder the next time I see her.
It's basically a product of the "want what you can't have" mindset. It's pretty hard to find, even in the Bay Area, let alone by beer lovers anywhere else in the USA. I think it's a really good beer, as well, and agree that it probably doesn't deserve as much hype as it gets anymore. I'll still buy it/drink it every week, and try out new brews the other six days. I brought some Heady Topper cans back from a trip to NH/VT not too long ago, and gave one to a co-worker who is a huge Pliny fan. He shared the can of Heady with four or five of his friends, and they really enjoyed trying out some other top-level (over-hyped, or not... ) beer. I'm moving away from California in a few months and know that I'll miss having easy access to Pliny. It may not be the best in absolute terms, but it's much better than most stuff, and I like it.
beerporn It's a light-hearted sub. Should be about having fun, and not you personally getting offended because a great view spoiled your nerd-addiction to adult beverages.
It's not up to me, or anyone else, to make your world all comfy and cozy. If you don't like the content, then close the tab and move on.
My wife brought me some Prairie bottles back from a work trip, and boy, was I pleasantly surprised.
Thanks.
North of Santa Cruz.
Wish I could help you out. I lived in the western part of the state, away from the Masshole influence. I bet you could find some spots north of you, in the less populated areas. Google local gun clubs, and/or shooting forums, and ask around there.
Is anyone getting the OTA yet? It's 0712 here in Oakland, CA, and I'm still on 4.4.4.
Hmm. Ok, thanks for the reply. Back to the waiting game. Maybe it'll fall in our laps at 2359.
I wish they had manufactured the 17" wheels.
Been lightly raining in Oakland since before sunup. Of course, this means that its complete Armageddon on the roads.
Is it an M5-only issue, or are 540is also affected? I haven't heard of this before. Now I'm curious/worried.
Because Ruger's foundry (Pine Tree Castings) was probably manufacturing parts for Kel-Tec, and didn't want to lose a supplier.
Depends on what your power goals are. A Viggen intercooler might be large enough for you, or you may need a big ETS IC.
PTC makes parts for a lot of other companies. Think about how many foundries there are... I interned there for a fun summer and saw a lot of neat stuff pass through.
Adding RAM will help, and won't break the bank too much. What version of OSX are you running? How cluttered is your Desktop? How old is your HDD? How full is your HDD? Last time you had a clean install of OSX? FWIW my wife has a 2010 MBP w/4gb RAM, and it bogs down too. I occasionally Repair Disk permissions and run CCleaner and DR. Cleaner on her machine for a temporary fix. She'll need to max out the RAM and install a SSD to extend the useful life of her machine.
Traffic?
One of the more fun short-films ever: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b5eoNyWUz8I
VT.
...from the guy with the Opel.
My sister did it in my dad's old autobox Ford Ranger. When she shifted from D to N she kept going into R, and locked up the rear-end. Luckily she got it out of R before the ass-end spun around.
You realize that a 2001 9-3 is just an updated ng900? Which shared its chassis with the Opel Vectra...
From an enthusiast standpoint, get the '95 900T. It has the best, most robust, engine. It's the lightest, and has the stiffest chassis. Basically any T5 car &gt; T7 car.
It's missing the white flag hanging down from it.
The free kind.
Thanks for the info. That's neat.
Military Arms Channel did a nice review of an AR-180. Congrats on your unicorn wrangling.
What line of work are you in? Seems like a lot of Kevlar for stateside. But to be fair, folks will drop $200,000 on a super-car that will never see a track or traffic.
Thanks for explaining.
I doubt you have regrets at this point. Nice .45.
It's a hard life, but we endure.
Thank you.
Nice picture. Something something.... Rule of thirds.
Should have cross-steered. YAT-YAS
Looks great. Similar to this old thing. http://imgur.com/NSCsDdL
...then, who are you?
The last 29 of 30 pages... or just the last 29 pages? There's a lot of redaction to scroll past. Oh, fuck you for the bullshit.
They talk about themselves for more than 12 seconds straight.
Mine works fine.
Nailed it.
They're supposed to be solid. The handful of online reviews I've watched have been positive.
When you spend all your time at the mall, or on a benchrest.
2x
You're Starbucks looks pretty ghetto.
It looks like you'll be paying a lot, as much as the car is worth, to have that fixed. The unibody and shock tower mounts are possibly bent, or cracked, and that means you'd need some serious frame alignment work done. Hopefully you just have a bent axle and broken trailing arms. Those can be bought 2nd-hand at a salvage yard. Is your wheel bent or cracked? Are the brake lines leaking?
How does the other side look? What about under the car?
I didn't think you needed full coverage to get a car totaled out by an insurance company. Pretty sure you need insurance in CA.
Well, you mean the group that took over the failing company that Bill Ruger, Jr. drove into the ground. But yes, Ruger is doing better now.
Yes. I was there for a short time, after the new management group took over. It was rocky for the first couple years, but they're doing much better now.
On my old 9000 I'd let the engine get up to temp (nice and warm); go for a 30 min. drive first. Then I'd spray the engine with the car running. The grime would come off easier, and the hit engine bay would evaporate the water. Don't aim at electrical connections or tiny seals, and you'll be fine. Once you're done, go for another 10-15 minute drive to dry things out.
Great line-up. Always a fan of bare-bones A2/A4 builds.
The volume of water coming out of the pressure washer on low is so low that it would never be able to change the temp. of any of the metallic engine components enough to do what you're describing. If you have any evidence to support this, I'd love to see it. Basically, what you're saying is that anytime you drive through a deep puddle, or heavy rain, you're close to cracking your engine open. Think about that for a minute.
Detachable carry handle on A4.
You should probably just Google the M16A2 and M16A4, and look at the pictures.
Sorry. It does have the fixed FSB (front sight base). IIRC, there is a difference between the A2 and A4 iron sights because the detachable carry handle raises the rear sight slightly. This means the front sight on flat-top uppers use a separate FSB (same as A4) as well. The elevation adjustments are also different on the rear sights between the A2 and A4. I don't remember all the details. It's been a while since I handled an M16A4, and longer since I had an A2 that I needed to sight in.
Great looking Aero.
I think you'd be a genius, but you're a week too late.
The M2 or the M40?
I'm actually curious. My current car has been paid off for a bit, and I'm moving in a month to Texas for school, and am looking to get a 4wd rig for the beach/exploring/camping/fun and/or a 9-5 Aero because I miss having a Saab. I've been spoiled with one of the best chassis ever made (E39 540i) and realized how much my 9000 Aero flexed even with a strut tower brace/Konis/SAS Sway bars.
I would love to use my tub as a way to help take better gun pics, but it's pink. My whole bathroom is pink.
Moving next month. Hopefully the new tub is from this century.
Awesome! I had Edward, George, and one other on my last trip to VT.
I loath visiting that site on mobile. It's just one huge ad. for three sentences and a YouTube video. On another note, when are we going to see some cool RWD conversions. There's more than a handful of AWD rallycross drivetrains out there, so the knowledge is available.
Try hitting a target at a mile with open sights with your $3000.00 rifle. I imagine most people can't even see that far unaided.
Thus reminds me that I need to send a few bottles to my buddies back east. They've only been waiting for 2 years.
No, it fucking doesn't.
The one time I had to go it was painless. Place looked like it was doing pretty well. Ymmv.
My Right Foot.
It may be morbid, but it's not really an outlandish statement. Last night in Emeryville ( a 5-10 minute drive from the shooting today) there was a 22-shot barrage between two cars in a parking lot. A day or two before that there were more shots fired. I actually expect there to be more tonight, but am happy that it's not total mayhem out around the lake. I live right there, and that Lake Merritt area just north of the lake is where I like to go out to eat and drink. It was nice seeing all those tourists from SF come into Oakland today, and I'm sure the local businesses are enjoying some extra patronage, but let's not pretend as though there also isn't/wasn't a contingent of morons who came by to see what was up and act like crazy because they could. Or, it could have just been a shooting that was going to happen whether there was a huge parade today or not.
Is that how digital turns to analog snowfuzz?
So much salt.
That small area is pretty sketchy, especially the neighborhood behind that plaza. I'm not convinced the parade caused the shooting, but I'm guessing the heightened excitement was too much for some folks.
My wife is 30, and stopped coloring/treating/dying (sp?) her hair after she added up all the things she's done to it. She figures she's spent around $18,000 since she started doing it.
You should enjoy them now.
You could get a nice SPEC clutch kit for that money.
What does he do? Where'd he get his money?
I sold my A4orgery a few years ago for that much to a nice guy who really thought that all AR production was going to be halted. It was a little strange. Guy had a ton of money (owned a small construction company) and was a perfectly rational and calm human. He didn't even haggle... I just blurted out $1500.00 and he handed me a wad of $100s.
Looks like a [Bell Ranger](https://www.google.com/search?q=Bell+ranger&amp;newwindow=1&amp;es_sm=119&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=5aSFVcaDLI7GogS4w4FA&amp;ved=0CAgQ_AUoAg&amp;biw=1439&amp;bih=805), with $15m worth of autonomous upgrades.
Winner winner, chicken dinner.
There was an article from a couple days ago that said that one of his friends knew about it for a while.
Why I would have a hard time paying attention and understanding a topic in class, with a book full of the answers, and a human explaining it all. Yet, I will lock onto a random concept/idea/topic I find accidentally online and spend hours learning all about it until it makes (mostly) sense.
Amen.
The difference is that you can buy a 25 year old Corvette for about $5000 in great condition. A Porsche from that time will cost you $35,000. It's a pity.
I've had one for two years. I'm more better than you.
No.
Her words.
No clue. She's a blonde at heart. Wallet was only going to support for so long.
I'm actually not a huge fan of sitting in a chair for all that.
VT
Calm your tits.
Sounds good. But I wish you'd rev it out. You realize that shifting at the redline is more than OK.
How else will you tell people??!!!
How old is your car!
I think her natural color is amazing.
Looks to be a little choppy for surfing. Unless you're talking about your boogey board.
Except the updated mobile app for Android is shit.
Damn. Moving to Galveston and thought about getting one.
Amen.
The point of being frugal is to feel good about your money, and your life. Right? Anyway, my car was bought used. Been paid off for a while now. It's a fun car. I love it. Probably like $60k when brand new, and I paid 1/10th of that. Do as much DIY maintenance as possible, and drive the hell out of it.
[2002 BMW 540i 6-spd. ](http://i.imgur.com/wXbw3cu.jpg)
My car may not be *quite* as reliable as yours over the time that I've owned it, but because I walk or bike to work I save massively on wear and tear/consumables.
Nice looking rig. Build specs?
The PCV issue is getting to be so old that if your 15-year old T7 Saab engine is still running today, it's probably OK. Hey OP, for that price, the car is totally worth it.
The car in question.
Because it felt comfortable.
My brother had one left over from one of his pumps to Iraq and let me try it out.
Hmmm. Probably being hacked.
Probably a seizure. Fuck them.
Thanks for posting this. I wasn't aware it was available.
But a lot just steal them from people they arrest.
What does that exciting fact have to do with anything?
1030pm in CA.
There are two cars, a Mustang, and a Camaro, in Wilmington, NC that are used as patrol cars, which were seized from individuals and converted to unmarked police vehicles. Why would you pretend that this doesn't happen?
I was refunded the full amount I paid to have my logic board replaced. Set up a phone call with an Apple rep, and talk to them about it.
What's your opinion of the current Z/28?
See that guy? That guy doesn't give a fuck.
[My favorite open class PP monster.]( http://www.turbonines.com/artman2/uploads/1/pikes.jpg)
Is this only for the soak test?
Thanks.
Lawson's Sip of Sunshine.
I like it. I wish I could paint everything seafoam green. Easier to track the leaks....
Eggs Benedict
Had a fucking mall and McDs when we passed through.
[I've just done this](http://i.imgur.com/mg9FMM1.jpg) since moving to a state that requires a front plate, and stopped worrying.
It's only served in a few restaurants/bars.
Why only two?
DHS contacted Portsmouth, NH. You can see that in the included images of the emails. The library is in a different town.
Don't need a reason!
No. Portsmouth is just a city. I'm guessing they didn't have a clue the Lebanon library was doing this until DHS mentioned it. It just seems a little weird, among all the other weirdness.
Looks like a [Ford RS 200](http://www.bestcarsinf.com/manufacturers/ford/ford-rs200/ford-rs200-rally/ford-rs200-rally-2.jpg), a Group B rally car.
You're correct. Suh actually couldn't even see because of the face masking.
Belichick is just pumped that he didn't have to cut any sleeves off today.
I think they mean if you have a repair manual. What year and model is this?
Premium is a marketing term.
You should come experience Galveston. TAMUG is on a tiny desolate island, with one gas station, one bar, and 1000 maritime academy virgins who drive their daddy's trucks 500ft. from the dorms to the commuter lot so they have to walk less.
Look at that... ready and waiting.
Thanks for that link. I had no idea I was standing on two ticking time-bombs. Now I'm scared to go running on the beach with my dog. *
The city of Galveston isn't bad, and I live further west on the main island. I'm mostly speaking of Pelican Island, where the TAMUG campus is. My wife and I like Galveston for the most part, after living in some large, crumby, expensive cities elsewhere in the US.
I usually look for some crusty townie with a bobhouse out on the pond/lake/etc. If that sage old alcoholic is out there fishing and drinking, I'm confident enough.
You should take a peak at the Vuurwapen Blog. He does a pretty science-heavy look into Fireclean/Crisco.
I miss the free machine guns.
Saab... RIP
Android users should use Tinfoil for Facebook. That way they can use Facebook, and not use the Facebook app.
Awesome job!
The day my dog stops living.
Not sure if you've taken the time to read his blog, but the jist of his posts are that it is almost chemically identical to regular Crisco, or any Crisco-like shortening. There's a fair bit of independent analysis to demonstrate his claim, as well. Good read. But yeah, I'll just stick to whatever is cheapest if/when it's time to lube/clean my AR. I kept it mostly clean, but dry, in Iraq, and it was fine.
Some ranges have full-autos you can rent. I'm in a new career field now, and going back for another degree (bye bye GI Bill) that will hopefully help me get a better paying job. Eventually, I'd like to be in a position to purchase some registered machine guns. Yes, they are expensive, but no more than a used car.
I hear you on that. I was the crew chief in an amtrac. I miss my M2 and Mk. 19. I also spent a fair bit of time with the M240, which might be my favorite belt-fed.
Buy the land now, and wait a couple decades for that rising ocean.
Not sure... Wife has an R50, but you should check out the NPORA forum.
