I am in college and i need to get a field placememt for my program. I applied to 3 places but so far i have no response. I am so worried that my placement will be delayed until next year. Will i be getting a placement for this september?
i'm more interested in a sex palace
meow too thanks
I know that [temple!](http://www.baps.org/Global-Network/North-America/Toronto.aspx) its in my city. I've only been there once but it is stunning.
This is silly. If it is someones choice to buy a metaphysical item then they should have that choice and deal with whatever consequences it may or may not have. I dont like when websites parent
Right next to my college there is a forest path and during my breaks i go walk along there and spend my time and relax
there is a card system here in Canada called the presto card and you can use it on any bus in any city (most cities support it) you can reload it online or at the bus booth.
they are in some sort of enclosure, does not look like a fur farm at all. looks like a wildlife center
I love how [Vanir](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrl7Xgx7EVI) is in the suggested section :D
Hey do you need someone to talk to? Pm me. I am a college student studying social service work
Welp guess i should feel bad 24/7 because i have food and a home and some people dont have that. Guess im just selfish.
Ive had to leave stores because a kid crying was really fucking with my anxiety
Remember you arent alone in this situation. Im glad you shared your concerns and we are all here for eachother. Do what you believe is the best for yourself and dont apologize. Looks like you have some good support systems in your life and thats important. Please take care.
A beautiful piece. You did an awesome job
which city? i live in southern ontario as well
Ughh *yawn* is that all he has?
Really it confuses the fuck out of people when they dont play the part in being the cog in the machine like they are told to do.
For sure. Thats why so many people have an agressive view towards the homeless
I have been reading Elder Futhark runes for about 2 years now. this is what they said for you Current situation - Eihwaz - Defence You are looking for a way to defend yourself from any more issues or the issues that are already at hand What to look out for - Uruz (reversed) -strength Make sure you are not defeating yourself. There might be people using your own strength against you or you could be doing the same thing to yourself. Make sure not to exhaust yourself End result - Berkana - growth/ birth/renewal of all things Every situation you endure will always enhance your growth process. Your current situation is not your final destination. With each death there is a birth and with each birth there is a death. The cycle of life continues I hope this was helpful
i can somewhat relate i feel towards the druidic path but i am also close to celtic, norse and more recently, an egyptian god. This is generally why i do not like to label myself. I like to flow freely through paths and for me the reason why i love paganism is because there is no set rule or path. i hope this provided you some insight.
while im not excusing any behaviour someone pointed this out &gt;The title isn't correct. 23,000 people were at the Solstice but not all of them are 'hippies'. Solstice attracts a very diverse crowd (e.g. American tourists, locals, new age druids). Of the 23,000 you might find that only 5000 were actually 'hippies'. The litter was probably left by local young people, who mostly use it as an excuse to get drunk and stay out all night.
also tru fam
kick an active volcano
such a pathetic question. I will be mentoring youth, many of which never had decent fucking parents to assist them...
["it wouldn't be appropriate for me to brag"](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/smite.gamepedia.com/7/76/T_Janus_Gold_Card.png?version=06ce9b1d65074507b463cd4e88d24a4c)
Hi :) * I'm 23 years old * I live in southern Ontario * I've been a heathen for 1 and a half years now * I am almost done college (graduate this year!) * I am asexual * I'm into extreme music (metal/punk) * I love playing games, pm me for my steam if you'd like * I'm female * I love photography and writing!
she was salary but didn't get overtime for the times she did work after hours. and it was common for many of the employees to work after hours too. idk that company just had shitty expectations for their employees. they expected people to come in early and stay late and come in weekends.
if u wanna mainly fuck for 'preservation of the species' and u will do anything to complete that.....yr a sociopath and need professional help
If chads are muscular fools who want sex arent they chads? They are obsessed with lifting and fucking. Havent they become they chads?
I feel spoiled by this picture
this is the game now
look I get what yr saying and life is painful and cruel. I like this sub but the nihilism is over bearing sometimes. Natalists are fools but I don't think life is one giant painful cruel unintentional disaster. There is no inherent meaning to life, that is true, but you give yourself your own meaning and no one can take that away from you. It is beyond powerful to realize you have carved your own purpose and meaning in life, it is you who is your own creator and you make your own choices. You can choose to see everything as suffering or you can choose to see it as a way to understand your self and others around you. Your dog probably had a wonderful loving and fun life with you and your family, your dog fulfilled its own purpose of being your friend and giving you affection. You fulfilled your own purpose of being a good owner, good friend and good caretaker to your pet. As soon as you got your dog, you signed up for a 'purpose' and that purpose was to take care of the dog. You did a good job from what I can tell, you loved your dog. Sometimes life can seem like an emptiness barrel of suffering because it impacts so much every day, we see it on the news and we see it in our relatives and pets whom we love. It is so powerful sometimes it makes us forget just how wonderful the time with them was and that the suffering was only brief fleeting moments compared to the love and joy experienced with them. I am sorry for your loss and I do not like people who trivialize life and treat it as some gambling game. Edit: well i tried
First of all try therapy. Second of all get practice. Practice speaking on the phone with someone you trust. Practice being professional with someone you trust. Make a script for yourself for what you want to say on the phone.
im not saying suffering is justified but it also cant be put to an end for all eternity. I'm not saying its good either but it cant be stopped
we are sentient beings so of course we perceive it as being awful but that's just life for some creatures and it is not going to stop anytime, it is such a waste to just mope around about it because its not going to change a damn thing. Yes its awful, no i don't advocate for it...
&gt; Angry Feminists this is the biggest fucking straw man argument and it doesn't prove jack fuck. Radical idea; why not have the female characters be the same size, height and weight as the male characters? they dont need to be super busty/thin/small etc to be female characters, have none of yall seen Loadout???? All in all I really don't give a fuck about gender bending characters because I value original well made female characters instead of just putting boobs on a male character. Making new characters would be a waste of time programing, voice acting and adding to an already massive game. You don't need to straw man "SJW" and "Angry feminists" to prove your point, and if you do it is childish, ill informed, a weak argument, and i'm probably going to take your point a lot less seriously.
This is like a ytp but with real people
Not eating can be a sign of depression and he seems avoidant. Have you thought about sitting down with him and have a chat just a simple "hey how are you, do you wanna grab a bite with me?" Can be powerful
i love this and i love seeing so many different types of people cosplaying!
/r/meow_irl
I really fucking hate that thing
Why...? Its their own body and thats just as bad being those anti abotion people who yell and scream at people and show horrible signs. Im not going to make choices for someone else and force it on them...
Hmm yea she had auditory hallucinations and delusions. Im not a professional but that is somewhere along the lines of the schizoprenia spectrum
https://i.imgur.com/CFwpseq.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/JWCFQ85.jpg
Good luck with everything! May i have a link to your blog?
Little dragon
thanks
me seeing a deleted post: 👀 👀 👀
satirizing a satire eh? you must be lonely
there is an sfm vid of that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alKzAdGjC-U
/r/ledootgeneration
it also requires having normal human emotions and some level of empathy......all things he is lacking
Its the same with the spies on tf2
This guy had some of the most craziest youtube drama ever. Him and his wife and ex wife craziness. I cant remember what happened exactly but it was wild
oh those dudes from 3GI are in it that explains so much
Have u watched Wonder over Yonder?
Its such a feel good show and the animation is great. I love lord hater
oops my mistake....there was [another article](http://www.medicaldaily.com/your-hipster-beard-may-have-more-fecal-matter-dirty-toilet-it-really-unhygienic-332002) that said beards are dirty and i thought it was making rounds again
Please talk to someone about your problems. Talk to someone at school, maybe a teacher or the principal. There are shelters for youth. I know its easy for me what to tell u what to do from a distance but please try to research services available for youth in your area.
Mhm and we still think we have some right to breed into infinity
I really hate how people can turn a social medium into something terrifying and shady. I fucking hate people like this so much. I have been gaming for years and i have made some life long friends from gaming and its great when stuff like that happens but when children get manipulated i have no sympathy for the manipulators
Is it wrong to think it looks fuzy and cute? But still i would stay far away from anything that is associated with wasps
I want to believe that archwinger ,like most of the active rpers, are all elaborate trolls trying to see who can convince most people of this insane view point.
ah i see, but you are doing a good job being his advocate and sticking by his side :) !
[hit up a local brewery](http://56.media.tumblr.com/f2caf05b9e8d971aff20627f3f44232a/tumblr_o1h75t0Fjv1r2x0d1o1_500.jpg)
I live in mississauga. We were famous for a bit because of our mayor
Some of these symptomps sound kind of like autism tbh. The social skills issue and being highly sensitive to certain sounds.
Sounds like you are having some paranoid delusions. Have you gone for therapy? I think CBT could help you
Are there any school counsellors? Have you tried talking to a teacher? It might be easier for you to write down your issues and hand it in to someone in the school like the principal or teacher.
The lack of social skills is the only thing that sounds like autism to me. Some of the extreme emotional outburts could also relate to it. Please dont take my word 100% i am not a professional i only do social service work and am not a therapist or psychologist. You need to speak to a professional about these symtpoms you can talk to your doctor and they can refer you to a psychotherapist
I still thinm its funny how they use the name Chad as a verb and are 100% serious when they use it
Yeah ? Do you also live in Ontario?
Oh and don't forget they said good and evil was 'scientifically proven'
I feel similar about getting a job in my career field. The field i am in doesnt have good pay but i do it bexause i love and it feels so good not to have to force myself to be in a field i hate and a job i hate just to feed some future brats.
Waa waa women wanna make games and be treated fairly!!!
Think about this for a second. A species that actively seeks out its own destruction can not survive and thrive.
Thats just one persons thoughts....if a man said the same thing about wanting to have a woman dominate his life are we then able to say AMALT? No because that is generalization. Maybe u are too dense to understand that EVERYONE is different regardless of ethnic background and sex and that we are not micro organisms reproducing from ourselves and are identicial.
It seems very wasteful to forcibly continue a species that wants to destroy itsself. Sounds like a lot of work.....their ideology is just beyond broken.
Another 12th demensial being spouting on about its insignificant problems. Hey us 11th dimensial beings have problems too quit using your prillege to waste tax payer dollars so some lower universe scum can be berrated through a 3rd dimensial chatting forum.
His sign said "Ş̭̫̪̜͍̽̀͗̎͋̃̀A͇̘̞̋͑ͯͣ͑͜͞F͇̟͕͔̳͈̲̳ͤͫ͌ͨ͑̄͠ͅR̻̰̗͚͚͇̥͖͔ͪͬ́̽̈ͪ̎̕͝Ḛ͉̳͔̎͆̏̑̉̅̚͠T̘͖̬̘̞̰̬ͧͣ̉ͤ͒ͩͦ̓ ̷͔̗̬͕̼̲͖̤͚͐̋̽͝T̸̘͉̥̲̱͌ͮͫ̾̎̈̈́̕H̷̨̠̬͚͉̠͖͐͂̽̈́̽Eͥ̅̃̔ͫ͛ͣͩ҉̸̺̞̬̬̞̟̫ ̧͔̘͇͔̋͛̓̊͋̾̚͞D̸̻̰̪͎͎̤ͨ̽ͯ͌͊̂̔ͅE̛͖̝̗͕ͧͣ̏ͫ̈͂͂̆͜͞V̸͕̘͇̖͔̲ͦ͐̈́ͮ̅̈̎̔ͭ͜O̞͎͖̪̥ͬ̽̌̐ͨͭ̑͐̕Ṷ̢̖͑̑R̢̳̹̼ͨͨ̿ͥ̀͗̿̚͞Ḛ̶ͮ̒̏̂̀́R̡̠͚̎̏̂ͩ̆ͥ̀̀ therapy services"
There are many other alternatives for energy consumption. Does no one care about how this affects the natives?? This is also 8.2 billion dollars.
Thank you
Assholes will always complain about PC shit or "Sjw" when they arent allowed to be total dicks. It has nothing to do with that. Its called being a decent human being
true, its hella annoying when people use straw man arguments to try and justify their shitty behavior or make it seem like they are being persecuted for not being able to act on their shitty behavior
sigh this is what i was like when i was an """eclectic neo-pagan''""
Ancaps arent anarchists and use the anarchist title to seem edgy and different
You cant be an anarchist and be for the systems that opress. They are still for privatization and the free market. These rely on state and capital which anarchism proposes to destroy
The market treats people and resources as a commodity and only values people for how much they can produce. There is nothing anarchist about supporting that
gotta say, its hilarious watching fafnir's dragon form being gobbled up by fenrir, he's too massive ;p
mmmm chocolate and raspberry :)
ikr? i don't see how someone stopping animated vids they made = game is dying? wtf??
This is like a sex worshipping cult
when is this being released??? i have been waiting forever
My boyfriend was sexually and physically abused as a child up until he was 11 years old. This caused serious trauma and learning issues as he was growing up (violent outbreaks, he was sort of a feral child for a time due to the severity of the abuse). He developed PTSD and he already suffered from a psychosis and bi-polar disorder. He grew up in a low income area and his mother was a drug user herself. His trauma also caused him to absolutely hate everything about himself. He ended up getting into all sorts of drugs because of family issues, ill coping mechanisms, trauma, no support etc. He also ended up living on the street for part of his life. He ended up going to jail and spent about 1 year in there. He was a completely broken man after jail, when I look at pictures of how he was in the past, he looks absolutely different than how he looks now. It took him a while to get clean and get out of his situation but he lived an incredibly difficult life and the abuse he went through was terrible, he resorted to drugs because he had nothing else and knew nothing else. I can absolutely tell you that jail did nothing for him but break him down and harden him. He did not deserve to be put through that, he needed help, support, and proper care. The system did nothing for him and he is almost 2 years clean but he did not deserve to be put in jail and punished for his actions. What he dealt with in jail and was forced to do causes him suicidal ideation which he still struggles with amongst everything else.
the dream ;-;
some of it is definitely failure for me, other times it's fear of loss which can be crippling.
Sigh and its terrible because you start to gas light yourself even though you know you are right :/
What about Super Star Destroyers?
You arent a therapist. You cant just profile this woman from an interaction like this especially when retold on the internet. Maybe there is something going on her life maybe there was something going on in the associates life. Who knows, regardless its no excuse to verbally abuse an associate. Not one day where i suffered from suicidal ideation did i want to take out my suffering on someone else...
[it is](http://www.the-athenaeum.org/art/full.php?ID=87100)
Lovely dog and lovely plants ❤ are you also a fan of /r/succulents?
imagine having HOURS of your work be smashed into pieces because of some entitled asshole.....
read my stuff? ill pay ya
wowee :) definitely favouriting this site, i gotta do more writing now so I can get you to read it haha.
I'd rather buy a parrot tbh
Welcome :D I remember when I was 16 and I was thinking to myself "oh boy one day I have to have kids :(" and then in that moment I realized I dont have to have a miserable life and do something I don't want to do and I was like "Oh yeah no I dont :) I can choose!"
i'd worship this plant
&gt;It's one of the reasons I'd never want to be pregnant Right?? sometimes i feel like an ass about how I act on my period, but this is like 10x worse. e.e
&gt; with the Runescape community what have they posted? lol
Fuck lol
Oh boy thank you for telling me!
he partied hard
oh my god, this reminds me of when I was in highschool (a catholic one) and one of the chaplains told us that our body doesn't actually belong to us. Lol, fuck....
&gt;He's a wonderful person, &gt;&gt;Tonight we had an argument. He is apparently dead set and unwilling to budge on having 4 kids, my own personal hell. how wonderful is he of a person if he is giving you a ultimatum and holding you hostage until you decide? You will do fine love, no man in this world is worth more than your own choices and life goals and happiness. You will become successful as fuck and watch him wither away in a landfill of diapers.
Im calling the police
i just think rocks are neat so i collect gem stones
This meme has been to hell and back
Iconic
Suicide Squad. What a boring shit show
i absolutely love hunky fat bacchus. some people are pissed about this but it's actually much more relevant to bacchus' lore....now if only cupid wasn't a cherub...
do not want them, never have wanted any. Don't have any amazing reason not to want them, I just have 0 interest in being a parent and I do not like the lifestyle at all. Not everyone is fit to be a parent or should be one because they can.
Drakan. Cool ass lady riding a dragon... I want more of this
i'm sorry i have allergies :(
this really hits home
similarly, hitting a child is never appropriate.
reasons why i need constant validation 101 lmao
Shit like this makes me wish this was how womens fashion is now and i can just go out and buy myself an outfit like this
/r/ofcoursethatexists
Lil moth friend does a switcheroo bamboozle
You have to remember some people playing the game are actually children (12-15 yrs old). Keeping in mind that some of the players may be younger than you makes me BM kinda funny and easier to deal with. This is just my opinion but there are actual kids playing this game that dont know how to behave. Mute them and move on but i do agree that the community needs to step up a bit. Most of my ranked games are full of salt.
&gt;she also set up this meal delivery thing, where she's asking her friends to sign up to bring her hot dinner every night for the first two months after the baby is born lmao wow go fuck yourself, if someone I knew did this, i'd laugh in their face. What an entitled shit show of a person
anyone who denies climate change
Ok but how do u just hold a cardinal?
Thank you
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ayy
i think it's arugula
i'd attempt to open that door for 50 bucks
it's the same thing with wolves really. People are afraid because of folk tales and misinformation, just like snakes.
It was a terrible time for me, got cheated on, mom lost her job, dad had a heart attack. I was fresh out of college, looking for jobs, full of anxiety. Had tons of panic attacks, parents were fighting a lot, ended up developing IBS from all this shit.
overpopulation is a serious issue
same, i'm more into animism and pantheism
even if thats true, it doesn't affect my life so i dont give a shit if someone wants to take HRT or whatever
went to school for social service work, my ultimate goal is to work with youth but i'm currently working in the medical field. I kind of like it here and I'm just floating around working and looking for new things to learn. I'm open to trying new jobs and roles, I like a bit of everything really.
Yea a lot of expensive coat companies had repair warranties and stuff like that so you can get it repaired and even replaced in some instances
Im so glad you are doing better! People really gotta learn to shut their goddamn mouths. Were they raised in a barn?!
Its more of a western view to think death/afterlife = evil
What i mean is like christianity/western. Greece is more mediterranian
Joined. Im so tired of people excusing racist squabble as a reason to discuss overpopulation. I dont like people using overpopulation as an excuse to be racist. I give a fuck about the earth not policing a racist agenda
Exactly. Charges can get dropped due to lack of evidence/ things not adding up
I have a rose incense that was like 5 bucks
Owning a house and land borders are not the same thing
This isnt the main issue though saving the earth is. Everyone seems to miss that point
I love her hair and shes so pretty, why is she doing this to herself? Smh
Im gonna vomit....nsfw pls
You have amazing skin
I have an entry level job with a well known insurance company. I basically do the same. Its low stress and pays decent. I really dont mind at all...better than being in dept from trying to sell garbage products
Keto coffee ??? Wtf...keto coffee would honestly just be black coffee no sugar or milk
I really dont want to see the inside of your fucking mouth
Right?? And whats worse is some of these women go outside in this makeup! Is it possible to die from second hand embarasment?
"Its all about the lips today" Honey, what lips?
IT starter pack
Thank you for blessing me with this post today
I hate the word girl boss so much
Who the fuck says prezzie
What the fuck? Lmao
/r/bossfight
saving this comment
I get what you are saying, but being a child in an over crowded family can be difficult. The kid may not have their own personal space, may get less attention, not having their needs and wants fully realized etc.
gods this is awesome!!
This is absoultely insane. Usually hospitals and health care centers have a no scent policy because some people can have bad reactions to scents
This looks like an ad for child abuse :(
Very clownish
This is like the nice guy of sales
What if they work in a gas station or at an oil rig?
fuck thank you so much for showing me this band!
Im a loser nerd who has a medieval wallhanger sword and i also own a german great helm. I love mounted weaponry.
Lmaoo ive had a dream i was at one of those huge mlm meeting convention and i was getting mad at everyone there
This made me so fucking angry....ugh im so sorry you had to deal with that shit
!redditsilver
Fucking thank you...yes coffee is already keto if u dont add all that shit! Coffee actually has anti oxidants too and you should only be having 1 cup a day if you are into keto
Legend says this man can go through any moshpit unharmed. He can even pass through a wall of death without even a scratch. Becareful, he is able to command the pit at will and the patches on his vest are collected from the unsuspecting victims of his moshpit domination.
Haha i love this community 😂😂
Rotting banana
/r/forbiddensnacks
/r/forbiddensnacks forbidden milkshake
Holding in a fart look
This movie is shit
Holy shit. I would never put this or any of their stuff on my face. I got dry sensitive skin so i gotta becareful. I shudder thinking what this would do to my face
Right? I love her shoes too
Edgy meme
Me too thanks
Fuck this reminds me of my trashy ex
Are you talking about crust punks? They are squatters into punk music. I do enjoy some bands in the crust subgenre but i no way associate with any crusties. My ex was a disgusting crusty. They tend to have dreads and just live on the streets. Some people do it out of style or because they have no choice and end up getting into drugs.
Hi, my shop is[ HeartofDiana](https://www.etsy.com/ca/shop/HeartOfDiana). I sell simple jewelry and some of my photography prints.
Honestly i think the original quote was "light yourself on fire and people will come from miles to watch you burn" i dont know the exact source of this but i love writing and found it ages ago
They are called oily bath pearls. Ive honestly been looking for some lol
My herblore level is only 33
Wow what a drama queen baby
