Given that it's a Japanese production there isn't much else they could do. The all Japanese cast and change of setting does seem like it'll take a lot away from the series' atmosphere though. While it bugs me, it's only one of many gripes I have with this what we've seen of this movie.
The only thing that bothers me about the dub is some of the translations. They butchered my favorite line, right when I had finally gotten used to the English voices and was anticipating hearing it delivered. But whatever, life goes on, the dub is still pretty good.
This sounds like it would be hell on sub. So hard to track 2 convos at once when you have to look down at the text. The subtlety would be completely lost on anyone who can't understand japanese.
Oh, well I'm not a huge anime fan, so I wouldn't be able to say exactly what distinguishes him from other characters in other franchises. Maybe that he's a badass midget (?). I'll allow someone else to help you out on this.
I think the description is stupid. The "facial and body form" excuse is bullshit, that's just the way Manga/Anime art is drawn. According to this text, every single character in any manga is Japanese. The only things Japanese about the franchise are the author and Mikasa. Every thing else is western, from the setting to the characters. Even in the Japanese dub, the characters refer to each other by "First name" "Last name", like they would as Europeans. I also haven't heard many honorifics, though I may have missed those.
Mikasa becoming a Titan Shifter would be like reuniting the Triforce, given that she's already OP due to both of her parents' bloodlines. She might literally become the Asian War Goddess foretold in ~~Slap on Titan~~ the ancient prophecies. I like her the way she is, as a demigod only, so I'd rather this not happen. Erwin for me.
IDK if you're being sarcastic or not, since I've heard people argue both sides.
You are right with a lot of what you say. However, SNK is definitely not set in Europe. If it is set on this planet, the dimensions of the walls, fauna, climate, physical geography (save for the ever increasing elevation towards the center), and cover art suggest it takes place in North America. I also don't think it happens in the future, I think it happens in an alternate timeline which diverged from our own in the early 17th century. I have no idea where the calendar they use came from though (Maybe year 0 is Charlemagne's rule, given that he's the original Holy Roman Emperor). Edit: Typos Edit^2 : Why the hell is this getting downvoted, nothing I said is false or misleading.
The walls don't fit in Europe in the slightest, unless you go as far as Russia, which doesn't match the Geography at all. Remember that there are canyon-like deserts in the southern parts of the walls. All those things you said could be explained by the fact that people from Europe fled to North America. They would have brought their culture with them. Edit: I was wrong, no need to go as far East as Russia. But Eastern Europe still doesn't fit the geography.
I felt similar at first but I got used to it. It's a really good dub. Regarding the roars, that bugs me a bit too, but they're just emphasizing the Titan's craziness over its anger. It isn't wrong per se. Without having heard the Japanese version before she shouldn't find anything weird. My gripe is really with the translations they chose.
Looking forward to reaching that part then. I'm excited haha
I watched the first few but I'm waiting for my friend to keep going.
Oh God, I still haven't gotten over the Japanese dub version.
The ones I remember are from Episode 6. Some of her flashback lines, as well as her thoughts when she's facing death. In the English dub, she's speaking to Eren in her mind [Anime Spoilers](/m "and says "If I die, my memories of you die with me", which I find too ambiguous. It's still early in the series and she isn't fully characterized yet" ). That's why I prefer the Japanese dub's [Anime Spoilers](/m ""If I die, I won't be able to think about you anymore"" ), which I find conveys her ~~obsession~~ feelings for Eren much better Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but she's my favorite character and that bugs me a bit.
It's all opinion obviously, but I really don't see what the problem is. They want to end the episode by emphasizing the effect and projected effect on his friends. Her hair is flicking because she's on a roof. It never struck me as a parody of other strong female characters
I doubt MT's power is that straightforward. Even if it is, he knows that he's fighting against the coordinate, so the presence of Titans wouldn't be to his advantage.
Thank you! This is actually a hard question to answer lol. A bit, I guess. Enough to be able to make educated guesses. It seems like the whole truth will be out in the next few months though. Also, I forgot to mention but it is heavily (really heavily) implied that Monkey Troubles turned Connie's village's inhabitants into the Titans that attacked
If I remember correctly that was actually Ymir talking, not Hange. Idk how far you've read so I won't spoil, but she's trying to make him give up that thought by antagonizing him.
What a twist that would be. Someone call M. Night and offer him to adapt.
Indeed. That's too bad. I've been streaming it off some weird website haha
I honestly think it will tie in with "Before the Fall" or whatever that spinoff is called, since [Manga Spoilers](/m "it starts 70 years before the main series and we've already seen it progress through several years. Wouldn't be surprised if Ymir ended up being the kid of the "Titan Child" and that noble girl he ran away with. It would explain perhaps why "her death made people happy", if the people refer to her noble family").
If it isn't what I said, then I believe they will at least run in to her at some point. Ymir said that it was 60 some years, so it may have been less than 60. There's some wiggle space. We also don't know how much people age while in titan form (whether aging is completely stopped or just slowed down), so maybe she changed as a 5 year old and emerged as a 10 year old or something. It just seems to tie in well with her understanding Historia's situation. I also doubt that before the fall won't tie in to the main storyline somehow. It's all speculation, but time will tell I guess.
I think so, I think Isayama co-authored it.
DOA
Not quite as bad as I thought. It seems like it will rise above Syfy quality after all. Still, so many movies look good in the trailer just to be horrible, so this trailer not being horrible still doesn't convince me.
I definitely agree. The 3DMG scenes were only shown for split seconds but still looked really bad.
No, the Dad-eating incident occurs after Wall Maria falls, unless every single character has lied so far. What I'm wondering is how Grisha managed to snatch Eren and bring him to wherever the Reiss estate was within Sina, and how Eren got back to the refugees inside Rose without Mikasa or Armin noticing.
I don't think Colossal has that, I think he just flees using the massive steam cloud as cover.
As disappointing as it is for humanity, there are many people who see this and the other sneak peeks and comment about how amazing it looks and how happy they are that "Evil America" isn't ruining the franchise. The irony kills me. Edit: Spelling
yes lol. Been a long day
I thought I remembered seeing that the dad-eating occurred with the partially destroyed church in the background. I'll have to check again.
Her Titan was stated to be "invincible", and that she only lost because she didn't know how to fight. Grisha's is not similar to Eren's at all other than the ears, completely different body shape.
I have to admit that's what I thought of when I read the newest chapter lol.
Given that the walls apparently extend a decent distance down into the ground, it is possible that these titans are as big or bigger than the Colossal.
If they are only above ground then yes, but it's been stated that the walls also continue below the surface, which would indicate larger wall titans.
Yeah and they took out "See you later Eren" which seems like it'll be important, or at least interesting.
This is awesome, great work!
I always thought his head was shaped like a chestnut.
Knowing Kishi, I'm surprised Obito was never some "prophecy child" or something with a hidden power like that in his eyes.
At the same time, if this movie flops, that won't bode well for a possible Western adaptation, so I guess I'll give it a go. I'll bring in a big bag to puke in
Mikasa "Asian War Godess" Ackerman. She's genuine and unambiguous, she's been through hell more than any other character IMO, yet she still uses her tremendous natural power to pursue an ideal of "love", whereas Eren is mostly motivated by "hate", at least as far as the anime and early chapter go.
That's true, but I think it's both simultaneously
Deontologists judge the morality of actions based on a code or set of rules. Batman has his rule. He won't break it in the name of probable future events
To understand his motives you have to put himself in his shoes. His rule is not to kill. If his involvement ends with him turning in a criminal to law enforcement, he did not break his rule. That being said, Batman would probably go after a system that would execute over minor crimes. I doubt guilt would factor in though
Yet ironically their supporters repeatedly scream in their echo chambers that "libtards" are the global embarrassment.
I thought it was implied that I was comparing Islam and Christianity. I don't get where you came to think I was making a blanket statements of every belief system. The history books say that while Europe was still a mess, certain Muslim countries preserved ancient texts and made many advances in science and medicine.
True. I hope this is a flaw of human nature we can eventually rectify for good
There's room for it, but it's one of the sides that is overwhelmingly cited by citizens of other nations to be a joke
I'm neither an apologist nor do I call people Islamophobes for disliking that religion. I just dislike it when people claim that western religions are somehow inherently better because our people have mostly securitized in the last few hundred years. All of those religions are bad.
Probably because his condition was continuously worsening as usually happens when large body damage happens to your body and is left untreated. By the time Rey overpowers him, she was both strengthened by the Force and he was probably half drained of blood (semi-joke). As for Finn, he was toying with him for a while. When he wanted to get serious he beat Finn quickly. Seriously this fight says a lot more about Kylo than either Rey or Finn, people just love this easy and well supported complaint for some reason.
And that is the true tragedy. So many people give no shits about space and are perfectly content with their children and their species living and dying on Earth without ever leaving it. All they need is to see some science fantasy like Star Wars to be satisfied
It's slightly less prevalent here in America. The most shocking is the apathy amongst young people. I don't know if you've seen the clip, but the segment on the Nightly Show where Bill Nye was a guest is an excruciating snapshot of the issue.
"Life is not fair" is the shittiest excuse to not do the right thing. America's refugee screening it's much more thorough and Syrians can't just walk into our country like they can in Europe. Not to mention that we, the United States, are the ones that were the biggest "contributors" to the creation of the current situation in that region. To refuse thousands of children because of the risk of a couple terrorists slipping through the screening is pathetic and cowardly
You're right, but an over-enthusiastic populace beats an apathetic one when it comes to backing projects.
Of course it depends on your system. Designating an area of study or system is an important part of science.
I'm not familiar with what you're talking about. Can you explain what your beliefs are?
That depends of which definition of purpose you choose then I guess.
Seems a little out there but I'll give it a look. My personal view of the universe is fundamentally different, since Emergence is to me the unifying principle, and it require differing levels to begin with, though I may just be misunderstanding what you said
Because it's a step towards being able to transport humans safely throughout our system as well as a step towards permanent extraterrestrial settlement
Many. Other than being a proud achievement for humanity, which is good enough in and of itself, we could mine them for resources, many of which are rate on earth. We can use them as platforms to launch things into space with less gravitational and no atmospheric resistance. We can study the effects of Gs greater than 0 but lower than 1 on the human body. Provides a longterm path towards eventually going further in the Solar System and eventually beyond. Refueling and resupplying stations. Indirect benefits would include a windfall of new technologies developed by the drive into space, like microprocessors were with the Apollo missions, as well as opening up space as a potential locating for more of the private sector, which would create a whole new part of the economy. There is really no reason not to go.
I cannot believe how many Mass Effect references I've seen recently lol. I want to go to club Dark Star On a more serious note, don't Higgs fields determine mass in real life? Couldn't we achieve a mass effect if a way to manipulate that field exists?
I completely agree. I'm finishing up the mass effect trilogy now, and there's no doubt if that franchise had been in a medium like a TV series, it would not have the same emotional impact at all. As far as storytelling and character building go, games have the potential to blow movies away
The only parts of the game that could possibly work well would be the conversations. Even then it wouldn't add much.
I see. I guess I will have to look up the original ending on youtube. In that sense I was lucky to be nearly a decade late in joining the Mass Effect community. I believe what you say, but why is this still an issue after the fix? People in the recent Andromeda discussions are still naming this as one of their major complaints. Edit: Saw original ending, indeed I would have been disappointed.
Your opinion is what I would expect. On the advice of a previous redditor, I will look up the original ending to try and put myself in the shoes of a day 1 gamer. I'm just shocked at how this complaint showed up in recent Andromeda threads. The Deus Ex that bothers me the most, especially as an engineer, is that the Alliance could begin building this Galaxy Changing Device within a few months without being able to understand what it would ultimately do or how it worked. However this issue is present from the beginning and is therefore easily accepted by the end, at least for me.
Whether or not the Catalyst is a good twist is something I'll leave to each to decide. I personally find it amazing, because it challenged me as I tried to figure out which was the best solution and whether the AI was trustworthy. Much better than a straight up "destroy is the clear solution". But that's my opinion. I saw the reddit thread for the EC release and most of the top comments at the time seemed to have found closure with it. That sentiment seems to have been reversed since. The youtube comments are ridiculous though, people claiming to be unable to play XBOX or to never want to buy Bioware ever again. Your way of putting it with the wound and bandage is probably the answer. Seeing the crappy ending with the crew in the jungle at first must have been a major pain and the EC must've come a bit too late. I, however, having only ever seen the pretty bandage and never felt the pain of the wound, I don't mind.
I think he's referring to the ultra clunky inventory system
It should have been a machine aboard the Normandy that did it
A response to your second edit. I had heard of that but I thought it was just a rumor. Is it confirmed? I honestly probably would have preferred that ending. Makes more sense from pretty much every perspective. However, it doesn't improve much on the current ending regarding your earlier choices in the trilogy, which is the complaint I have beef with.
Hey! I recently finished the trilogy for the 1st time too and I'm pretty much the same way. I played them in order, but like you I was a Sentinel. I was a male that had Liara as a main romance. I didn't have the happy ending mod though, so I had feelings of guilt over sacrificing my Shepard knowing that meant letting Liara live for 900 more years alone. I, like you, feel a little empty after such a great ride with great characters. I'd be happy to compare my EC ending feelings to your happy one if you're interested. I have to try that mod soon.
I never usually pre order for myself, though I sometimes will as a gift to others. I don't know if I'll be able to resist buying Andromeda right away though, even though I'm scared of finding an incomplete product. I'm also interested in trying some mods out for a happy ending, Liara deserved better than what she got from my storyline :(
That's true, I hadn't thought of that.
I've never played Dragon Age, so I can't really relate. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree then on the ending. It seems natural if you didn't get to see the EC on our first playthrough and I did that we would have different feelings.
Thanks for the advice! I know you probably can't link on here, but do you mind me asking if you know what reputable website I could get those from? I don't want to accidentally expose my computer to malware or something by using a bad source. Steam workshop has made mod acquisition too easy for me I'm afraid haha. Also do you know if it's compatible with a pre Cerberus Base assault save, or do I have to start a new game for JAM to work. I don't see myself being able to do a new playthrough any time soon given my attachment to my Shepard's story
MVP. Thank you so much. I have all the DLC. I'll definitely get JAM and the Anderson one. I'm conflicted about CEM, because chronologically it works both during and after ME3, but thematically it only works after. I'll probably save that mod for this summer when I replay the series, especially if it bugs out for me like it seems to have done for you.
That is true, whether or not they are expressed though may come after conception. Either way, it's completely irrelevant to abortion
From what I can gather, the original ending was just so bad that even with the release of the extended cut, many people can't get the sour taste of the original out of their mouths. Assuming you, like me, didn't play it at launch, it would explain why we don't hate it.
I see what you're saying, but sometimes events are out of the hands of the people participating. I'm satisfied that my choices decided whether or not my companions survived and with the EC I get to see the effect on the races I saved or didn't etc. While I'm also sad that there was no happy ending (though high EMS destroy seems to be implied to be a happy ending), I understand that Shepard couldn't beat the odds forever and that he wouldn't make it back, especially after mine's farewell to Liara. I still don't really see how they could have included the choice at the end of ME1 and stuff like that to the ending, so I can forgive it. But you make fair points, I guess it's down to different perspectives
I don't really mind not having Shepard, but no Liara, Garrus or Tali has me ultra sad. However, it's hard to love what you don't know yet. No matter how pessimistic anyone is about the new game thinking it might be subpar due to perceived failings in ME3 or ME2, one thing that remained constant (or even got better) throughout the series was the quality and depth of the characters. Hell, even James, whose character archetype screams boring and one dimensional, turned out at least average. I have no doubt that the new cast will match, or at least come close to, the old one in quality. However, until I get through at least a full game, I'll be longing for more content with the aforementioned trio.
You can definitely argue that. However, it seems to me like Shepard keeps it together after that death, whereas seeing the kid causes him to start losing it
My Shepard was pretty Paragon, but I still think it would be nice if you could break Omega's one rule.
What would be the scientific worth of an observation station on a distant Solar System body like Titan be? Would having a second point of view to observe the universe with be useful or do we not need such an installation?
The Star Wars Galaxy is far far away. Even though it's quite a distance, the Andromeda Galaxy is quite close to ours in the grand scheme of things
I didn't realize Titan had such a thick atmosphere. Thank you for your answer, instinctively I assume that 2 points of view trump one but I wasn't sure if it was the case here given the scale of what is being observed.
It's true that she feels a little underutilized in the base games, because she's a pretty interesting character. the Omega DLC kinda fixed that even though it was a little short. Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
I want to buy an N7 hoodie or something but they seem prohibitively expensive on the Bioware store. Anyone know why?
N7 2K16 here I come
Really? I'll have to give that a shot one day
You overestimate my powers haha but I'll give your idea a chance
It's so great and motivating. The first 20 seconds are gold, they always have me turning my head up to the stars.
Oh crap I got the song wrong, I thought this was the Ending Reprise. Yeah I love the entirety of the song you posted. I hope it's the credits song of the movie when they make it
You refer to the Sun as Sol? Why do you use the Latin name?
I did like 5 lol. Chakwas always lives no matter how long you wait.
Nope, she survives and rubs the fact that everyone else is dead because you took too long in your face. It was painful
Plugging my comment about Aria from the potential romance thread. &gt; Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
The same reason why I don't wanna plug myself into the matrix
In all seriousness, I would love this as an Easter egg. Star Wars is supposed to be set in the ancient past, so its Galactic civilization falling since then isn't impossible by any means.
I was gonna correct you until I saw the edit. I believe the theory that, as they were building the Crucible, the Council were also building an Ark and massive mass relay-like structure at the fringe of the galaxy, and that when news that Hammer failed to reach the beam reached the Council, they sent the order to launch the Ark towards Andromeda. The way I see this working is that the launching device would be more similar to an enormous version of Mass Effect's weapons than it would be to a relay. It would "shoot" the arc towards Andromeda. However, due to the lack of a receiving relay, the travel is both inaccurate and incomplete, and the occupants of the arc spend a few centuries in cryosleep before reaching whatever arm of Andromeda they land in.
No it isn't. There are plenty of possible reasons why we have found no evidence of life out there without the need for a Great Filter. Mass Effect for example is a fictional universe that shows a Milky Way that has dozens of sapient lifeforms who happen to be limited in where they can travel in the stars at their current level of technology. Ironically, there is an artificial filter in Mass Effect, but it is one that occurs long after a civilization has the ability to travel the galaxy, so it doesn't fit the criteria of the actual Great Filter There could be a corridor of FTL travel 2000 light years from Earth and we wouldn't know it. The Great Filter is very likely but far from proven or certain
Exactly. My [sense of wonder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sense_of_wonder) regarding the Universe has been reignited very recently thanks to Mass Effect, and I have to frequently remind myself that the grandiose travels and setpieces present in that franchise are fiction and probably completely impossible. Seeing a piece of information like this, which makes something as crazy as a Galactic civilization seem petty and unremarkable, is both incredibly sobering and intoxicating.
With you 100%. Though it may not appear to be the most pressing, space exploration is truly the most important issue to humanity, save for perhaps the preservation of our homeworld.
Asari for several reasons. - I would be able to start a family with one for starts. The very idea of having a child of another species is insane. Also, while they are not all attractive, many are, and they dig aliens, so I'd be in a good spot. - Their values are the closest to mine. Turians are way too militaristic for my taste, and while I'm fond of science like Salarians, their moral values and culture is too drastically different. The Asari themselves are no slouches when it comes to science, and they seem to have a great culture. - They are the most human-like in appearance, other than the quarians. Easier to integrate into. - Thessia looks beautiful.
I know pre-EC looked horrible and I'm glad I didn't have to suffer through that debacle. The issue is still present to an extent post EC as well. #3 is because I've read alternatives like "Shepard refuses to use the Crucible, but your EMS is high enough for the war to be won conventionally", which is impossible, more so than green Space Magic
OSS 117 is an amazing series. The main character is played by Jean Dujardin, the lead in The Artist.
Try lowering your graphic settings. I ran into a similar problem with ME3 and had to contend with half the characters always shaded like they were in the dark.
Go paragon/blue/Liara
I started multiplayer last week and never had to wait for games
A feeling I completely relate to. One of my major goals in life is to die elsewhere than on Earth. The further, the better. Humanity must stop living and dying in its crib, it's time to venture outward
Yes, it's the same situation for me. I think it's because Mass Effect is in a really solid position between hard sci-fi and space opera, so that it could both appeal to the scientist in me and to my emotions at once. It's got me lurking r/space more than ever. No other game could do that. I'll wait for results before celebrating, but I really think it may have salvaged my academic career haha.
Oh ok, is that dialogue from the game?
That clears it up then. Thanks!
Definitely a possibility
Best explanation so far. I'd forgotten that the SR1 couldn't come out of FTL in stealth mode.
I don't think it said that it was too big for atmospheric flights, just that certain high gravity planets would prevent it from taking off. Earth isn't high gravity. It might also have gotten an Alliance upgrade given that it was going to be Anderson's ship. Edit: (from the wiki) "...unlike the SR-1, the SR-2 cannot land on **every** planet—due to her increased mass—" Edit 2 : Also remember than even in ME2, the Normandy would dock on the surface of Illium just fine.
Unless an egg is snuck onto the Ark, there is simply no way.
Nah, all they do is make calls for donations to create a video series, receive many times the goal amount, and then they don't complete the series. The videos made are also pretty poor given the resources and time they take to produce. FF is a scam that is riding a modern issue for money, and it's working great. So if we're gonna have a discussion about the portrayal and role of Mass Effect's female characters, let's do it without bringing up an unnecessary and poor outside entity like FF.
What about Mars and Leaving Earth? Or even the credits from ME1? Too many great ones
Really? I loved Afterlife and Dark Star's tracks personally. Upper Afterlife especially, it evokes a feeling I can't even describe. Like awe at the fact that I'm in a nightclub on an asteroid in a star cluster pretty much diametrically opposed from Earth in the Milky Way, listening to a millennium old monogendered purple alien crime lord speak about herself. That's what comes out when I try to describe it. I guess that moment, with that music, was one of the moments in Mass Effect that struck me as "This is sci-fi; crazy but not completely impossible".
It's almost 100% sure that Andromeda won't synch with ME3 anyway, so that isn't something you should worry about
Agree. I usually hate DLC but with Mass Effect it's the opposite. I dropped so much money on them but I give no fucks, it was all worth it (except Overlord, that one was a bit meh)
I use it to refer to mankind, not America.
I understand your feelings about it, but on the other hand it would be way too unrealistic to be able to romance Liara with the little amount of narrative left at the point you were at. Liara's an innocent maiden in ME1, she's not gonna go for the romance without some meaningful interaction with you. I romanced Liara too on my playthrough, it was great. You won't regret the hassle of having to reload.
No, as long as you don't get her last, romancing is possible. So in your case before Virmire
True but I didn't have any DLC for my first playthrough so neither him nor Kasymi were part of the crew.
I realize that, but it's just that even after my choice Thane was giving positive feedback on his mission. I thought that was a little wink at me to confirm I had made a good choice
Unless the Yahg start flying during the century or so of harvest, they woudn't, otherwise they wouldn't have skipped Parnack, saving them for last has no real benefit. Also, remember that situation like this must have happened pretty often between cycles. The Protheans were much more advanced than the Council races during their harvest, probably because they were more developed when the harvest before theirs happened
The reasons why the game "wants you to" are: 1) Her role in the story, especially in number 3, places her closest to Shepard plotwise (new Vigil compiling etc) 2) The fact that she can romance both genders of Shepard means that any content written for her will reach more players with less lines recorded. 3) The fact that no matter your choices, it seems like Liara has a major crush on/is in love with Shepard. A lot of players get angry at this because "it goes against player choice in an RPG etc", except it doesn't, because the player doesn't control Liara, only Shepard. I really don't understand this complaint, if you don't want to go with Liara you don't have to. Just don't pick Paragon all the time when talking to or about her. That doesn't mean she won't act close to you because of her own feelings, so if you don't like that just shut her down. That sort of situation happens in real life too, it isn't unrealistic.
I doubt it or it would have been hinted at in the EC. I think it's exactly what it appears to be, a moment alone together.
There's no canon, but there is a default, like Shepard being a Soldier and stuff like that. Liara seems to be the default romantic partner as well.
I've yet to have Kaidan survive Virmire since I'm new to Mass Effect, but what you say sounds fun enough that I'll try it in my next playthrough haha
She is crucial, more so than literally any other companion throughout the series. By applying the criteria you just picked to justify that she's not crucial, you are also saying that pretty much no character is crucial other than Shepard, bar maybe Illusive Man. To say that is to diminish the impact of all the great characters that make up the cast of Mass Effect. Liara is the only character from Mass Effect 1 that is guaranteed to be in every storyline in ME3. She holds pieces of the puzzle necessary to understand the Prothean Beacon and stop Saren. The stuff she does on Mars couldn't be done by anyone else but a Prothean expert, which she is probably the best at. Short of rewriting the story and adding characters, Liara is one of the most important people in the trilogy. As for her being Shepard's best friend, that depends entirely upon the player. She will always try to be close to you because she wants to.
Some story DLCs are definitely integral, though you don't absolutely need them, you'd definitely be missing out on some subplots. You can find out which ones on the sidebar when you reach the games in question. The ME1 DLC is free but not completely necessary. I'll go fetch the link in a sec. Starting at 2 you get pretty important ones. In the end, if you love the franchise and aren't completely strapped for cash, you'll want the DLCs, if not, Mass Effect is still great without them. I hate the idea of DLC usually, but I love this series so much that I started "throwing my money at the screen" with 0 regrets, except for one DLC pack for ME2, which was decent but not completely worth the price to me. Edit: [Link to good DLC for ME1, don't download this if you buy the trilogy edition.](http://help.ea.com/en/article/mass-effect-bring-down-the-sky-dlc-redemption/) Thanks to u/Urdnot_Vex for the link
Well that's, like, your opinion man. No but sure if you don't like Liara that's fine, and you don't have to deal with her that much if you don't want to. She's in love with Shepard so she's obviously gonna seek you out once in a while. It's part of your Shepard's story and beyond his control. And she isn't canon LI, there is no canon anything. She is arguably the default one though.
The Turians obviously (since females are apparently not welcome in interstellar space judging for the number of them we see)
My favorite are the Asari for several reasons. - Liara is my favorite character, just squeaking ahead of Garrus and Tali. - Their reproduction system and its implications in a multi-species galaxy, combined with their longevity, is fascinating to me. - They are the dominant species, trying to always be the voice of reason and they are involved everywhere, yet in ME3 they suffer a slight fall from grace and that struck me as a good twist. - Thessia. Have you seen that planet? Holy shit. - I'm a heterosexual male. I think it also helped that they had a variety of facial structures in the character models, second only to humans. The Turians for example were far more generic. Least favorite: Salarians. Seriously screw those guys. They dropped the ball big time in ME3. Plus we don't get to meet enough of them to make them dear to me.
I strongly doubt you'd find anything remotely as scary as a black hole in the oceans of Earth
I personally found it to be perfectly fine throughout.
The word you're looking for is "hoard". "Horde" would describe Darkspawn or other large groups of barbarians.
&gt; Yes you do, in a Dragon Age game at least. You need cutscenes, real characters, interesting stories and at times choices would be good too. You do have those, in the main storyline, where they're supposed to be. Side quests are supposed to be minor.
Jesus you sound like someone insulted your mother. Do you tolerate anyone not worshiping the witcher or is your life's calling to go around insulting all those who don't.
I was also commenting in that original post. He was out of line then too. Calling fans of the games that the sub he was posting in is based on "fanboys" for disagreeing with his opinion.
If only more people recognized that fact. I've read that "X game is objectively the best" way too many times recently.
It's not about you or me. We aren't the ones launching rockets.
Again I don't hate the witcher, in case you'd forgotten. I think you are an idiot for insulting people who dislike what you do without other provocation. Or to put it in words you might understand: "I fucked ur mom last night. Umad bro?" Now you fuck off already, and enjoy summer while it lasts. 9th grade will be a crazy change for you in the fall, you won't have as much time to go around reddit insulting people who say they didn't really like the witcher's open world or prefer DA:I.
No one's forcing you to answer you moron.
Yup, atheists are the ones posting Dawkins verses in their social media bios and sharing memes about their beliefs.
This sub for the most part cares about public officials or people trying to become public officials using religious rhetoric and pushing for unconstitutional policy.
Atheism is not a unified movement. There are many different opinions that will get upvoted by the different types of atheist out there. You'll also find a reasonable amount of comments defending religious people who believe in secular government and stuff like that.
Yeah you wiped the floor with the other European teams, especially in 74.
Fuck water, ~~it's as shallow as a puddle~~, bring me ~~blood and~~ *wine*
&gt; CDPR is not like anyone else in the industry now. Anyone else making a RPG seems to have some kind of stick up their ass. And they somehow always answer to money more than fans. These morons are trying to make candy crush on a AAA title. Making a good game is irrelevant, they want to sell a platform from which they can make more. CDPR however, are bros. Just pure, thoroughbred bros. They set out to make the best game they possibly can make, and then they do that thing. No excuses. Even after W3 release, they worked tirelessly to pump out patches to fix issues and improve the game. CDPR should be given a nobel prize in being bros. What the actual fuck. My favorite part is the "working tirelessly to patch issues". If it was any other developer it'd be "fuck you for releasing an unplayable mess"
That's exactly who I thought of when I saw the dude lmao.
I really don't get what you were trying to go for here. This would've made much more sense from the POV of the girl and if the twins weren't in league with one another.
Since when is being skeptical a bad thing?
Yeah because the black woman vote has been so clearly pro bernie
Unless it's a CDPR game. The fact that there are thank you notes forged from their blood, sweat and tears in their games has convinced me to pre-order anything they create. Twice.
Dude, a link to the circle jerk thread in question gets posted in reply anytime a comment or post gets shared on that sub. It's not some secret thing were people mock others behind their backs. It's very open and obvious, the OP even gets a notification that it's happening., and you are free to pop over into that thread anytime and try to unjerk it. So no, it is not in any way a "safe space". You either don't know what the term means or you're intentionally misusing it like most people bitching about PC or safe spaces do.
That meme is fucking disgusting. I can't tell what's worse, how it's absolutely dripping with vanity or the fact that it makes fun of people with mental disabilities. Fuck that guy and his shitty English.
You can do whatever the fuck you want, and people can respond however they want. I'm not gonna explain to you the basics of how people interact anymore.
Ok Cersei
&gt; This is not a valid comparison. Digital products cost nothing for me to make a copy of. The developer did not magically lose money or resources just because I pirated a game. &gt; they aren't entitled to money just because they made a game This guy's delusion that he is entitled to play something for free if he doesn't like the price he would need to pay to play the game is insane.
You could watch an entire season oh GoT in a month, or two at the most. That's 15 dollars on HBO Now. 1.5 dollars per episode. But it would be ridiculous for you to have to pay that right? And also for you to just abstain from watching then. You want your cake and eat it too. GoT is an expensive show to produce. It is a show that many people enjoy. So HBO keeps financing it with the implicit understanding that they will recoup their losses and make a profit because the viewers will pay to see the show, as part of the HBO line up. You are betraying that understanding. You enjoy the show, but do not support its creation. You can repeat that it's 2016 as much as you want, as if that makes what you do justified, but that basic fact doesn't change. You don't even have the shaky excuse that you don't have the hardware to enjoy the product like you do with WiiU games. You have a PC. You could pay 1.5 dollars an episode, for a total of 15 dollars, once a year, to watch the show. No "hostageware". Just you stealing the right to enjoy a product.
Pray tell, what is stealing? I know this is an absolutely insane idea, but hear me out. This is how you watch GoT in a month: you wait till the season is over, when all episodes are available at once, and watch it then. If you want to follow the show as it is released, you can wait to watch the first couple episodes and then just pay 30 dollars for 2 months. Or 3 dollars per episode, to watch them any time after they air during those 2 months without commercials. Yes, I'm a child for believing that you should pay for the entertainment you consume. Unlike you, I don't have the maturity to feel entitled to anything I want.
Ever heard of intellectual property? It's a thing. A thing that you take without property or legal right to do so. We've had a service industry for quite a few decades now, what you can buy is no longer restricted to physical goods. You can steal (or whatever equivalent word you want to use) services. It's 2016 buddy, get with the times. Yes, 90 dollars for 60 hours of entertainment. Good entertainment. What a ripoff. You could also compromise a bit between illegal theft and legal consumption. You know, pay 15 or 30 dollars to watch the show as it airs, and then pirate it to have a copy to rewatch. What am I saying, that would be too honest of you. I'm not naive. Rather, I understand hiw the real world works beyond my desktop. I know that if I do not reward the creators of content I enjoy, then I am undermining it's continued creation. I am also freeloading off of people who are paying, and also that everybody can't steal it like me, or that soon there will be no more to pirate. Finally, I am exploiting the very real and very not digital labor of those producing the content I enjoy. Again, your feeling entitled to what you want, when you want, how you want and with or without the consent of the proprietor truly is the mark of a mature and adult person. Maybe one day I'll be able to act the way you and my 5 year old niece do.
I agree but then in certain cases that can cost you a goal, if the guy tapping it in is offside for example.
How is this relevant?
Take a cue*. They aren't waiting in line
It's slightly more unfair I guess. But not enough to warrant being scraped for following tournaments IMO. It's in the same spirit as traditional group stages.
Haha glad I could help. The DLCs are a ton of fun.
No he didn't
God damn the Reddit 1984 boner is ridiculous. Not everything that is stupid or fucked is relevant to 1984
Are you implying that religion is not relevant to the puritanical standards of violence and sex?
You guys just had sleep paralysis, which, like many conditions, you can be genetically predisposed to.
Jon sent out his own army to get slaughtered. Those deaths are 90% on him at the very least.
Wun Wun
We were just their sub, they were a little preoccupied.
I'm pretty sure it's considered a win to win in extra time and a draw when you win by PKs
And then crawls out.
Fuck 1 to 10, the Mainlander to Mormont exchange rate just crashed more than the pound with that speech. She just emasculated all of the North's bannermen. Also, I really hope we see a Lady Mormont and Queen of Thorns face -to -face at some point. Olenna won't be able to shut her up like she did the Sand Snakes.
If you payed attention you'd notice all the Martell and Tyrell ships in the fleet and would realize that he didn't sail to Meereen and back.
Cersei, who claims to love nothing more than her children, causes her daughter's death by pushing for petty revenge towards Tyrion, and then causes her son's by trying to get back at the Tyrells.
She has no claim to the throne either. I understand that there is a sort of power vacuum at the moment in King's landing, but what does she hope to accomplish by crowning herself? No one will respect that.
I thought only men could take the Black? Is Melisandre even eligible?
1) That's all her fault. She blindly gave a man she didn't understand power to punish her. 2) There's no way she would be put to death. She just had to confess to adultery to ensure that. 3) Her son would have been absolutely fine. She inadvertently killed him instead.
Technically it's Jon Sand.
They have no evidence of that sin, the one they imprisoned her on in the first place was having sex with Lancel. She didn't need to confess to incest to get off the hook. So yeah, Tommen would have been fine and she would have survived.
True forgot about that. Either way Tommen was safe though.
"All the way down and back, with you dragging me on that sled"
I'm pretty sure the Tower of Joy is located in Dorne, though it does seem close to the Stormlands so I might be mistaken about where the border is. If the Tower of Joy is in the Stormlands, he is Jon Storm; if not, Jon Sand. I'm surprised he is named Jon Snow in the first. You'd think Lady Cat would insist on him having a southern bastard name, whether Storm, Sand, or even Flowers, since Ned came back with Jon from the war. Would make Jon that much more illegitimate if he wasn't born in his father's lordship.
"Nah, let's go to Essos and borrow a Stallion from the Dothraki"
That is by far her biggest flaw. I did like that, despite being a proud and angry woman who hated Jon, she acknowledged how unfair she was to him and seemed truly repentant before she died. She's a flawed character, she's human, but she's not a bad person. Had the war been won, I think she would have paid him a visit at Castle Black in the future.
Ah yeah. What was that tournament? The "World Cup" was it? Joke of a tournament back then. It only really started in 66.
No, not particularly friendo.
Less unsullied I think. She scarcely has 10000 in the first place, and plenty die before she sails for Westeros. I'd say 8000 at most.
What Germans are you referring to? Please don't tell me you're thinking of the ones from the 30s and 40s.
You are so ignorant of what you speak of it isn't even funny. Despite what your grandma's memes on facebook tell you, lack of gun rights was not the deciding factor in the Holocaust, nor was it ever close to it. It was one of many, many restrictions placed upon Jews, the most effective of which were limitations on their employment rights, and segregation, both of which caused German Jews to lose their standing, their wealth, and most importantly, helped vilify them in the eyes of the broader population. When Jews were sent to camps, they were, for the most part, going without the slightest idea of what was to come. As such, even if had been still allowed to bear arms, the vast majority would not have tried to use them, and the few who might have would end up dead anyway. Guns for Jews in WW2 were pretty much a non-factor. As for the rest of the Germans, Hitler encouraged gun ownership at the same time as he cracked down on freedom of speech, making your whole tirade about the right to bear arms being the primary indicator of freedom pretty much moot.
Lol "it's obvious why it's occuring". Ever hear about hindsight being 20/20? How the fuck was it obvious to the Jews that they were being sent to death camps? " Just get up to the second floor and look out the window" What would that accomplish? Were the soldiers parading posters advertising the features of their Polish Extermination camps?
Yes, not that that is relevant. Sexual consent is not implied. The social contract is. You willingly engage in society by living in it. The costs are known to you. There is no equivalent in sex.
Ok, now you're contradicting yourself in successive comments, so there's no point in continuing this discussion. The point is, firearms were not the deciding factor, nor were they close to it. You think only in extremes, are clearly unable to shed your ability to see in hindsight and judge given the context of the times, and generally have little knowledge of what you speak of.
Buddy, I can't keep holding your hand and explain every single bit of reasoning to you. If you can't see the difference between you engaging in society and using it and having to pay for it by doing publicly acknowledged actions, like making sure to respect the law and pay taxes; and you and another person committing a single act limited in time and space, then you are either willingly not understanding, trolling, or just plain stupid. I don't know which it is, and I honestly don't really care anymore.
