As long as I can drive my enviromentally unfriendly land yacht into California and not have a problem, fine. Not really a fan of the "San Angeles" model of environmental regulation.
&gt; Google is WAY more globally-minded about their development community and users' entry into the platform(s) That's not always a good thing. In the case of the US and developed countries, it negatively affects things.
Given that it stands for a certain belief that has many participants forcing themselves on others under threat of murder, no thanks. I like to keep my head attached to my body and the ability to practice my religion. Apparently some people disagree with at least one of those.
Indeed. It's the very thing Reddit's resident SJW population would not like at all.
Thankfully, she received one thanks to 'Murican freedom.
No, she's pointing out the painful truth, and it seems like many people of that religion can't take it - much like Dear Leader Pao and a fair amount of SJW's on Reddit.
As it is practiced in the world, not so much.
Unfortunately, the very people that support it here would be amongst the first.
I was raising the point of what happened after desegregation.
I'm only pointing out that there is an unnaturally strong sentiment in Reddit to play the victim card for the purpose of harassing others.
That came from an era when 4-cylinder turbos were actually about performance and not a way to cut cylinder count.
Unfortunately, they are quite naive in thinking that this would stop them.
No thank you, but I would pass on that suggestion. Reddit would turn it into a SJW version of North Korea.
Given that the product designs appear to consider US (and a fair amount of the original Thinkpad market) as a secondary/legacy market, they hide it well. What you call purism is what I call an understanding of product identity. That black, rectangular slab of durable, maintenance-friendly, well-serviced, no-compromise computing is a large part of what makes it a Thinkpad. The attempts to "consumerize" the platform go against that identity, as they put in the things that drove them away to the Thinkpad. It is instantly recognized not for its fashion, but its ability to smartly do the job. If I wanted something that thought my part of the world as an afterthought, compared to the Chinese home market of Lenovo, I would have not cared. I'd be fine with them turning it to a glorified Dell with Lenovo markings on it. ^(As an aside, is it possible for individuals to order TAA compliant machines, or otherwise force it to be built in North Carolina?)
Another Hongkouver special?
As opposed to Redditors that play the victim card to harass people? (Wow, nice to see that I get brigaded)
They're not listening when it comes to the keyboard. Not only have they doubled down on chiclets, they have also ruined the layout. Whomever thought of that apparently had no idea how the keyboards are used. On the other hand, it took a long time before they put back IPS displays in workstation-class machines (about 7 years). If it was so possible to put one in my W520, I would just as a jab at Lenovo's refusal to do so. (and for those brigading me here, you're doing yourself a disservice)
&gt; Well the newer models are designed to be simpler and smaller. One more reason that I stick with the 4-slot W-series. It is a small price to pay to delay/bypass the nonsense that plagues the smaller machines. Between them and the larger T series equivalents, that's about the only way to get a traditional Thinkpad. &gt; And as far as it being a recent addition, nope. IBM had models with both on-board memory and sockets too (just like Lenovo now offers.) Yes, but they were relatively ancient models (like the 730T, 600/E/X) or had some nonstandard configuration compared to the rest of the lineup. You had to actively seek them out to find them.
&gt; What HDD's have you been using that die more often than every 2-5 years Seagate Momentus series. &gt; SSD's Unlike SSD's, conventional disks don't require one to minimize writes.
&gt; Some companies just tell you you're "doing it wrong". Others fix it. Lenovo fixed it. Lenovo does both. They do the former in the case of the keyboard (aka "you don't *really* need those keys") while doing the latter with the trackpad, display, and whitelists (after a long time of Not Listening).
I extremely doubt that Lenovo would be willing to produce internal data. It's easier for them to produce individuals like Kohut when concerns come that way. That, and it's easy to squelch the Traditionalist subset of 750m-1bn people in the western world when you have billions of people to "stuff the ballot box".
CPU or GPU? I have a T60p that crossed 75 without any second thoughts.
&gt; However, that doesn't mean a free-for-all. The rules will still require a driver behind the wheel, ready and able to take control should something go wrong. As long as that doesn't change, then no problem exists.
Sounds like a cut-rate reader.
That's a mighty large Xerox machine for cars.
It only proves that the most business-friendly modes of work treat the worker as a problem. Tariffs and a deaf ear to the economists can fix that.
ITT: /u/daswraithist shilling for the secrecy of the TPP. It's a trade treaty, not some DoD secret. In addition, the 60 day period isn't likely to change the act, it's a perfunctory measure to placate the public. The last time a bill was shoved through Congress in secret, it had a negative economic impact.
Then release the documents, even if they are preliminary. It affects the public too much to wait for the perfunctory 60-day waiting period. This isn't some military secret which needs such protection, but a trade document that seeks to call upon a surrender of the US.
Still doesn't invalidate that it is an avoidably bad deal.
It's a trade deal, not military secrets. That, and it affects the public in ways that require disclosure. Besides, what changes do you expect in the public period that aren't just PR measures?
It's not a military secret, it's a public matter. Openness is vital to having it be in the favor of the public and not international interests.
...while we get the raw end of the deal - NAFTA's degree of harm x 10 at least. The mystery meat part of it doesn't help you much either. No thanks, but for a deal that affects so much, a perfunctory 60-day period + 4 year secrecy on notes is no good.
Now if they would do unlocked bootloaders, that'd be great. Thanks to T-Mobile, I got the International Edition just to bypass this nonsense. Half the flash memory, but it has more bands (including the other LTE bands that T-Mobile supports) and can be fully opened up. That, and I already have Lollipop if I so wanted.
Given the lack of trust in public officials with existing trade policy, above-normal levels of transparency are not unwarranted. The 60-day period acts more like a reluctant PR gesture than an actual chance to change the direction of the bill. The 4-year embargo on preliminary notes makes it even worse. If you want people to trust in conventional international diplomacy, then give them a reason to do so - where their objections have meaningful impact. Secrecy has its place in matters of national security and the military - not with public-facing trade policy that interfaces with a highly-distrusted legislative body. (side note: if you're suggesting that I read up more on the subject, perhaps you would do well to suggest a starting point.)
Not everyone wants a watered-down device.
Perhaps the burden should be placed a bit more on the business given their entitlement mentality towards "perfect or offshore" candidates.
For those wanting to work for established companies, or startups/contractors with the stability of Fukushima on a bad day?
Any of them based on established companies? Startup/SME's don't exactly have a good track record with being good to their own.
In other words, Texas hates its workers but loves its businesses?
How about those within that set of majors having prior experience, very good grades (&gt;3.7) but no internships? ^(By the way, you can dispense with the sports terminology. It's not a sport.)
That, and your country has the abominations of zero-hour work and permatemping.
That's why it's important to address the entitlement mentality by employers, such that desperation is not a factor in employment.
Not every phone can readily fit to a bluetooth slider. I had to modify an S4 case just to have something fit for my One, while I'm still looking for an equivalent form factor for my Z3.
&gt; They have transcended from *damn* commies to Captain Planet villain of the week.
The problem is that they changed from that to a debadged console controller.
If that's an Nvidia-equipped machine, check its manufacture date (bottom label). If it's at least 8/2008, you should have no problems down the road. If not, hopefully the previous customer had it serviced. This is all due to a known defect with the Nvidia GPU series at the time. If it's an Intel-based board, no worries.
&gt; Lump of labor fallacy DNE as a "fallacy". On the other hand, it does make for a nice hand-wave. &gt; Seems to contradict available evidence about structural unemployment in developed economies Explain? Structural unemployment is a thing - especially when you look at the labor participation rate. That, and the likely argument about a skills gap is about something that does not exist.
There's nothing sports-like about it. Besides, shafting the citizens of developed countries - such as the US - isn't about the "free market". It is about exacting pain on the First World.
&gt; But structural unemployment does not seem to be increasing That's misleading. The conventional measures have shown a peak of losses in 2009/2010 with smaller subsequent net losses. At best, we're treading water; realistically, we're losing faster than the gains can replace. &gt; Lump of labor is a fallacy. Sorry. The way that it has played out since '07/'08, labor pools have operated in a way that suggests otherwise.
It's only -ism if an approved party is being disadvantaged.
Such efforts have gone to different causes over time. 1930s: Stopping FDR by throwing everything and the kitchen sink against him and his interests. 1960s: Former Democrats that switched parties to preserve segregation in the name of "school choice". 1980s: The great onslaught against non-business interests, starting with the PATCO precedent, amnesty for illegal immigration, and widespread use of globalization. 2010s: The conquest of several Midwest states through the use of envy and debt, with the goal of imparting Southern culture in non-Southern states.
Good only if insurance isn't used as forcible wedge against regular cars - much like how environmentalism has forced lesser cars on people.
Naturally, the usual urban Amish suspects are to blame.
That's another idea that needs to stay dead.
What would prevent a subsequent administration from bringing it back in?
Even for MIS majors looking for a decent (re)start? Granted, it's more like the technology side of business, but Dallas has been somewhere on my shortlist. On the other hand, I'm heavily set against agency/CTH employment or those hard-set on having internships. The former tend to shortchange people (aside from DoD contractors), and the latter ignore experience even when it exists.
&gt; Didn't Scott Walker effectively kill the teachers union in Wisconsin Yes, and thank ALEC + a lot of backing. Not sure, but I'm thankful his insanity has been repudiated in Ohio.
&gt; My logic is pretty well laid out for anyone ...which is: Americans bad, guest workers good.
&gt; I work at an MSP That's the next worse thing to a guest worker. All the same curveballs, except everyone gets a crack at the bat.
T-Mobile. Hopefully you have the D6603(International Edition), which skips the carrier nonsense.
It's better than the HTC One on tint though.
In other words, they pledge to go back to the 19th Century before the end of the 21st - save for the environmentalist nomenklatura that can financially exempt themselves from harm.
Look a bit more to the SE: https://www.google.com/maps/place/11%C2%B031'47.0%22N+43%C2%B012'23.4%22E/@11.5295996,43.2069057,328m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x0!6m1!1e1
&gt; What exactly do you think entitles US citizens for special consideration in a globalised economy First of all, where do you expect to have a US citizen enter if the entry points are predominantly guest workers? Looks like you're not too familiar with the fraud and abuse of guest worker regulations, especially those that center around 20 CFR 655/20 CFR 656. If US citizens are used to involuntarily transfer over knowledge to non-immigrating guest workers, they are more than qualified for the job. When a job lists qualifications designed to disqualify US citizens, that makes the question of "entitlement" a bad one at best. At least defense contractors are a relatively safe bet for citizens, thanks to clearance requirements. &gt; The corporation is responsible by law to maximise shareholder value. ...which in turn has perverse incentives, such as using a guest worker program to make claims not supported by laws of economics. One cannot claim a shortage while creating a surplus.
For me, they'd have to be in the middle of a Venn diagram of the following: * Large-to-near monolithic presence * Doesn't treat its employees as a problematic commodity * Compensation is not considered a problem * Training isn't an afterthought * Competently does its job Outside of those: * Isn't known as a last resort employer About the only thing remotely resembling that is with government contractors.
So jobs can easily move across borders, but people can't easily follow.
Thank local history for providing such an appropriate situation. His management style makes Ms. Pao and Reddit look like outright amateurs - in both positive and negative ways.
That raises a question: Short of unobtanium TAA/CMV models, do any US exclusives exist?
The SJW contingent of Reddit. If you disagree with them, it is both heresy and obstinacy for not accepting their "superior" narrative.
Reddit, where the SJW's can harass all day long but never get called on it.
They're the only subreddit group that receives no punishment for harassment and brigading, both of which are against Reddit policy.
That's a lie, especially when you can easily track user activity. As long as the SRS group of subreddits exist, you are explicitly approving of their policy violations. Getting rid of them is an easy solution.
When SRS does it.
They do since SRS gets carte blanche from the admins to harass, brigade, and otherwise violate Reddit policy.
They have a perpetual license to violate policy.
It hasn't stopped.
When "social justice" is used as a method of harassment, claims to decency go right out the window.
Looks like the SJW brigade came in. At least it makes RES marking easy.
The last two are more or less sanctioned by the admins through inaction.
Clarified it above.
That's because they only want SJW's to have nice things.
I would have given gold for that, but I don't want to reward Reddit.
Getting rid of those would remove their narrative.
3771 as of this post.
I think the message has been heard loud and clear.
If you're wanting them to do the right thing, would that involve removing the SRS group of subreddits - out of consistency?
They are a group of subreddits that harass, brigade, and otherwise violate Reddit policy. So far, the admins give them a pass on enforcement.
Arbitrary enforcement of policy. Some communities aren't getting removed for their harassment (hi SRS!) while others are (like FPH).
Fixed to address the issues of the diver: http://i.imgur.com/MQI9o2x.jpg
As in the SJW's? They won't stop crying until they get their ultimate safe space.
I wouldn't think so given that 4chan's been taken over by the same folks that plague Reddit.
It's not. The only harassment is from people wanting to remove the sub.
Or Monty Python's - [Bring out your dead!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU0d8kpybVg)
SRS is about harassment of non-SJW subreddits, with the goal of purging them by report spamming.
No, but the people that want to see FPH (and other subreddits that pierce their paper-thin skin) gone are SJW's.
No idea, willful blindness, or some combination of the two?
So they actually do hire US citizens? I've seen both of them do university recruitment, but my university has a ton of international students. On the other hand, I'd rather work for a defense contractor. They at least have some insulation from the guest worker problem.
How so?
Unlike Ford, they didn't need to fake the audio.
With Ford, it's almost impossible to *not* get EcoBoost. Trucks, cars, and (prison) vans of all sizes get the EcoBoost treatment.
Indeed, but I've yet to see Lenovo do badly on storage wrt markup. Even a hybrid drive would be welcome to see on a W series as standard issue.
Pollution hazard chart tiers: 1: Normal 2: Elevated 3: High 4: Hazardous 5: Welcome to Shanghai
&gt; The additional lanes could be used as a testing ground for high occupancy vehicle (HOV) or bus-only lanes, state officials said. Vehicles with two or more passengers are permitted to use HOV lanes to zip past traffic jams. That would make I-75 traffic worse by adding such ZIL lanes.
It's effectively doing the same thing that construction does on I-75 - blocks off a lane and constricts traffic. Moving all the traffic faster makes more sense than trying to force people by practicality to a desired solution.
Thought it had one on the right side. Saving that, there is the docking port.
Or for not wanting to hire w/o an internship? ^(in all seriousness, that is my situation - no internship but looking for some sort of IT/IS type work)
As long as it's not like the Georgia "permatryout" system, there's no dispute there ;)
&gt; Slashdot has also pretty much gone to shit. The only good side is that they don't play the whole "safe space" game that Reddit does.
Their service is the bigger draw.
They are not likely to do $38k/year.
Depends on the line of work. For entry-level IT/development-related work requiring a bachelors, I've heard others offered as low as 28k. (Yes, I'm still considering them, but would rather go the defense contractor route. At least my MIS degree would be more well-valued when paired up with an employer willing to do the clearance paper work)
This is what happens when you have contract agencies do the work. They're more interested in cutting corners or otherwise being (harmfully) cheap to their help.
How about just getting rid of the separate distinctions? They serve little-to-no purpose for those performing work, but serve nearly everything for those providing it. It removes the abuse and the archaic idea of having to work as a low-leverage contractor.
Perhaps Mexico should clean up their reputation, since it looks like Trump hit a factual nerve. That, and unlike some of the other candidates, he's at least willing to attack illegals - versus pandering for them. Shame that the US doesn't treat them the same way Australia does with their [illegals](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT12WH4a92w).
Why Texas? They have southern California, thanks to intentionally lax enforcement of the law. That, and many national parks within 10 miles of the southern border already have signs warning citizens of illegals.
&gt; He wants to build a wall. Because that worked out so well before. Works for Australia, although their wall consists of hundreds of miles of ocean - well-stocked with hostile, non-human sea creatures. It also works for a certain Middle-eastern country that some people would rather malign or write off the map. &gt; And I'm sorry, but I don't consider "willing to attack an arbitrarily declared class of poor 'undesirables'" a virtue. NAFTA and CAFTA aren't enough help for them? About every factory threatens to move there or has done so. Second, these "undesirables" are as such - unless you want cartels and smugglers in *your* neighborhood. &gt; Enjoy paying $20 for your next salad when the sudden need to pay legitimate workers more causes business owners like Trump, who could easily soak the difference with barely an impact to their profits, to dramatically raise their prices. Salad aside, this would also affect the construction industry in a major way. Robots can't come soon enough, as they'll threaten all humans equally. All that said, perhaps it is time to stop pandering to illegals and bring Arizona's SB1070 to a wider audience. It is a viable solution that incentivizes illegals to self deport and employers to take a second look.
As long as you go with phones with LTE bands 2,4, and/or 12, you should be fine. Being a heavy user shouldn't factor to anything.
No disagreement on the car. Nobody wants to have a hit/skip. Even fewer people want to work for sketchy places like OnTrac - which is an employer of last resort. My point is that OnTrac doesn't pay them to give a damn. They pay to have the driver deliver the package in an approximate location and time. Yes, that disconnect is a problem.
Is it wrong if you like them both?
Surprised to see this on the front page of Reddit, since this is a narrative-shattering story.
The same individuals that have disappeared stories and communities on Reddit are of the same bent as those that keep this from wider audiences.
It's not about tethering "abuse" as much as it is about sticking it to their customers for NN. As for tethering, why does it has to be considered enough of a thing to be detected? No, the usual bromides don't count.
If he manages to drag it out long enough to make Amherst deliver an apology and a painful amount of Amherst's funds, so much the better.
&gt; Chances are there will be no "dragging it out" I was referring to making it very unpleasant during the whole process, but oh well. &gt; this is a due process issue, something that is very nasty. I am not too sure on the private side of things but my understanding is this applies to all the schools anyway, but they to have due process at these proceedings. The nastier, the better. This kind of stuff has to stop. &gt; the caveat, is if the private school takes government funds in any way, this string can attach too. Given how things are, I don't see them trying to pull a Hillsdale anytime soon.
Maybe he wants to recycle the box.
That goat is definitely possessed.
*Please cease any and all supernatural activity and return forthwith to your place of origin, or to the next convenient parallel dimension.*
That, and the W series tends to be less aggressive at adopting new features (the bad ones) vs ultraportables.
No, they just last too long :p
More like 30+ years. They're Z80's packaged with a halfway decent CAS.
All of the 92, none of the test-prohibiting QWERTY. However, they do prohibit the 89 these days for its algebraic system.
Willingness isn't a precisely measurable construct.
Good question. My only guesses are technicalities or that it "doesn't fit the narrative" at this time.
It didn't help that Reddit thought to keep things quiet.
Nope, and I don't care about your sentiment towards writing it. If it's so good of an agreement, then why not let the public see the drafts?
The W5xx(exc. W550s) has been the natural successor to the Txxp series. The W7xx/ds are a much rarer breed that come from the A3xp series, where size was less of a concern. The W550s is more like the Z60/61 - a warning of trouble ahead for those dropping $2500-3000+ to avoid the ultraportable mess.
About every brand went the same route. It's not about [sports term], it's about taking a product and making it as bland as all can be.
So you approve of Mr. Bentley's pandering to outside interests? I believe proper people would consider your kind to be carpetbaggers, or expressing willful ignorance of history.
Business friendliness - it allows them to practice the old ways without touching a political third rail.
For now, the x230t, the follow-on to the x220t. Unlike the Yoga, it is based off Thinkpad designs &amp; standards. About the closest modern-day competitor would be with Fujitsu. They have 1080p, swivel-top screens and a very good display. The only problem is that warranty support is lacking for conventional individuals.
Form-factor: Larger than an ultrabook, thick enough to hold dedicated graphics Case: Rectangular, black/blue "bento-box" design Input: Sandy Bridge era keyboard/mouse/trackpoint Display: IPS panel with Thinklight, TN as value option Video: Dedicated graphics, Integrated as value option Indicators: T60-style indicator lights Overall: Have it look like a 15" 600X with modern innards.
The [Fujitsu Lifebook T935](http://www.fujitsu.com/fts/products/computing/pc/tablets/lifebook-t935/). Expensive, but it cuts no corners. Edit: updated model
With all the spare parts in the supply chain, it shouldn't be too hard to come up with most of its legacy features.
Not too happy with the Ultrabook leanings, but they didn't exactly have mobile performance GPUs in the early-mid 1990s. I wonder if it'd be in the cards for them to resurrect the 730T if this goes well. All they'd have to do is make a slightly larger tablet with a squared off Thinkpad form factor (read: not Yoga).
Passing TPA, TPP, TISA, and TTIP won't help the situation.
...that is the precise attitude that makes the problem worse. Besides, worth is a subjective value that varies widely from person to person.
Ah, one of the bromides that faults labor?
...who ends up on the wrong side of a bureaucrat.
Considering that the last "classic-like" machines were the T/W series following the 61 generation (e.g. T500/W500/W700), 16:10 is about as close as one can expect from Lenovo. I'd like to see 4:3, but the only way it's happening is with my "Hillenbrand" T60p.
Unfortunately, it's been marketed as a low-end x tablet successor with the Helix as the high-end x tablet successor. As I've pointed out elsewhere, you would have to go to Fujitsu to get a worthy replacement (Lifebook T935).
Research John Henry Patterson of the National Cash Register company. Then figure out how he overcame the bureaucrats (hint: it had nothing to do with pay, but by cultivating good relations with others).
In formats similar to 1080p? Microsoft isn't known for selling high-end devices. Lenovo still is. Exotic high-res displays have been no stranger to Thinkpads (T4x/R50p's with 2048x1536, T61's with modded-in Flexview), but they have been rare or modded.
&gt; What France and it's workforce needs is more casualisation - this will bring down the number of strikes because the workers are in a precarious position so won't take the risk Fuck no. You suggest making the problem worse, since precarious labor would only bring back the guillotine for those introducing it. That would likely include yourself. Casualization needs a quick, through, and grisly death. Make it a choice, not a condition of accepting work. It's something that the US, UK, France, and any civilized country should use to prevent your favored method of abusing contingent labor.
Only if it breaks the narrative, which is the case with TPP.
Given that Chinese labor has very high pliancy, it's not a big deal.
Looks like speaking truth to power has touched a nerve. It won't stop Trump - attacking him only makes him stronger. It's no less true if a particular fact is politically incorrect.
No, it's truth. But don't let facts break your pure, precious Narrative.
Given that the United States encourages (legal) immigration, that's a compliment.
Things like that would help, especially for us laptop users (my W540 would have some trouble meeting that, and the P70 would as well).
One more reason for taxi service.
Taxi service will do the same thing, but with no variable price nonsense. That, and they don't have silly blocked-by-ratings issues like non-taxi "taxi" services. (As a final benefit, you know the driver isn't some benefit-dodging contractor)
It shows the complete failure of gun control. Criminals don't care about laws, just objectives.
When they do, they can't enforce the law without triggering an encounter with panderers like Al Sharpton.
West Chicago: not even once.
Nice copy-and-paste job from Uber's site, but that handwave doesn't justify the screwiness of unpredictable pricing.
Try getting a consistent, predictable ride in under 15 minutes. The former isn't going to happen outside of taxi service.
One more reason for a taxi. At least you know the rate isn't going to change just because some random event will happen.
&gt; Except uber has better service [citation needed]
Nice copypasta from Uber's site.
Force isn't always direct.
No swivel display, no ethernet port, no care =) (disclaimer: x220t owner)
The set of user-hating changes that Reddit has made over the last 2 years.
ITT: A fuckton of Uberpologists, and brigading of anyone that dares question the Almighty Multiplier or the standard statement trotted out to justify it. To address their standard reply of the following: &gt; No one - anywhere, ever - is forced to pay surge pricing. Rides are offered at high prices and they are only accepted by those to whom they are acceptable. Force isn't solely accomplished by direct means. Force exists when the practicality of a situation limits a choice to a set of undesirable options. Acceptance doesn't really exist aside from resolving a non-decision.
Limited choice combined with platforms that provides inconsistent service - whether via multipliers or ratings. Besides, it's not as if they have any data to show that they're correct. ^(*Even Lyft knows not to go for full absurdity on multipliers*)
It's misleading for a non-taxi "taxi service" to claim it as a primary reason.
Thank Art "persona non grata" Modell's family for taking a page out of Irsay's ~~Baltimore~~ Indianapolis Colts relocation strategy. On top of that, the replacement team has done poorly against a usually-inferior Cincinnati. Those two reasons alone would be enough for people to go with the Steelers. The only way it's going to be solved is for: * Expansion Browns relocated to Indianapolis under a new name. * The Colts are relocated back to their proper home in Baltimore. * The Baltimore team is relocated to its proper home in Cleveland. At least LeBron was willing to return.
Things that the workstation series of machines have kept: * Relatively sane keyboard layouts (More keys retained, even in the gray-sheep W54x) * 4 Memory Slots/High Memory configurations (16GB was available before Sandy Bridge) * Dedicated graphics models available to all parts of the world (No "Not available in the US" nonsense like the latter T series) * Full expansion ports on all models (Thunderbolt, Expresscard) * High-resolution screens (even if not IPS) * Ultrabay slot (Useful for things other than "dead" optical drives) * ~~Socketed processors (Want an off-spec processor? Have your off-spec processor)~~ Fuck you, Intel. * Socketed memory (You're not stuck with 4GB or 8GB) * VGA until Intel axed it. (Not everyone has an HDMI projector) * Maintenance friendly design with highly interchangeable parts. (Frankenpads aren't just a T61 thing) The only thing that I'd like to see more of in the workstation series: * MXM graphics, if only to prevent GPU failures from becoming board failures. As much as I like doing board swaps, it'd be kind of nice if I didn't have to do them just for a GPU fault. Even Dell gets this with their 15" models.
Swing and a miss for Mayhem.
Exposure to disease.
Not everything gets picked up at those inspections.
I hope, since that's about the only way you're going to get a socketed CPU.
I'd like to have a word with Intel about BGA issues and why they thought it was a good idea to make them in revenue-generator configurations.
The lack of sockets *anywhere* makes things worse off. Everyone gets to share in the wonderful fails of BGA, even us workstation users that have bought our way out of this stuff. Was looking at a P70, now I'm not sure wtf to look at since there's no more sockets.
I'd be happy if Lenovo made the Retro with a CPU card.
My concerns are along the lines of not wanting heat cycling derived failures of the solder. The P4-M through Dothan era issue with GPUs is something I don't want to see repeated with hot CPUs.
So the only answer to deal with it is to tunnel to a NN-friendly connection.
Albeit a bit late, what sites are nuking them?
Now they're acting a bit like Comcast's son.
Not sure, but it's not as if the source material isn't suitably mirrored.
I'd like to know how that's the case, since they go through thermal cycling about as much as the GPU's do.
Chicago isn't exactly doing well despite having some of the strictest laws in the country.
&gt; Maybe a bunch of people getting shot? &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; For once, consider the introduction of more guns to more people. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Yes. That is what makes Iraq so safe. And Chicago. And Compton. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Anyways, is that your idea of addressing the mental health component of gun violence? More guns! Maybe if we lowered taxes that would also help. Guess what Chicago and Compton have? Gun disarming laws. Guess what Chicago and Compton also have? Sky-high gun crime.
Yet the Western world, especially Europe, think it's not a big deal if they end up on our doorstep.
Well, good fences make good neighbors. &gt; Sheesh, you guys are nuts. Self-defense of one's own life and freedom is not *nuts*. On the other hand, it is crazy to think that gun disarming laws magically reduce gun crime. It is equally crazy to think that only selected nobility and their security detail should be able to possess the means to fully defend themselves. It is also ludicrous to think that you prefer citizens to have a posthumous interaction with the police via the coroner - since you wouldnt let them defend themselves. More guns means less easy targets and more criminals having to fear being taken out by someone that didn't want to be a victim.
&gt; You've never seen 'heavy gun disarming laws' in America. You should take a look at other countries that actually have gun control to see what the effect would be... So the laws in California, Illinois, New York, Massachusetts, or those passed by the US Congress mean nothing? They would be heavier if not for Constitutional issues. The US has one thing that those other countries do not likely have - the 2nd Amendment. &gt; Note that this is a deterrent to crime, not a preventer of it. If I'm determined to kill you, I'll find a way to do it. But not having a gun makes it a lot harder to do so, that's a fact. Then they do it with knives and various other sharp implements, followed by a call for knife control. On the other hand, Switzerland comes somewhat close. A (limited) mandate exists to be armed despite having restrictions on ammunition.
&gt; There are like, 30 million guns in California. I can go buy one anytime I like and get it a week later. That's not 'heavy gun disarming,' not even a little. If you mean that you can wait a week for a mostly-neutered California compliant firearm, sure. Then hope that you're in the extremely good graces of your law enforcement for being in a *may issue* state instead of a *shall issue* state for concealed firearms. In Ohio, most of it is left to Federal laws with little-to-no extra state restrictions. In addition our firearms manufacturers (yes, Hi-Point isn't the best, but it's better than nothing) aren't in a hurry to leave due to regulatory issues. &gt; This is a slippery slope argument, which is a fallacy. The trouble is that it's not a fallacy, but actual policy.
They got that one but it's too late for this one: http://webm.armarium.org/i/F3Sygc.mp4
So much for the "Emergency Exit".
More Chinese vaporware. What exactly keeps this from being a US thing?
It's as real as the T50 - perpetually in development and never ends up available to the Rest of Us.
