It's work, but $40 of stickers to raise a price $100 is an investment shady people would make.
They're playing Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin this year! Whoa, Buddy!
I actually imagine it's like an acid trip for a dog. Think about it: dogs get a whole lot of information from their super sensitive nostrils. They sniff so much on walks... Driving has to push all that info in at highway speeds! All the smells blasting into their nose, like listening to every radio station at once! It's gotta be wild.
Start with a dehumidifier. It could just be damp.
Habitat for Humanity will take that furniture, also.
I think that the difference comes from the depth of understanding, if that makes sense. Any teenager can write a song about anarchy after reading the definition in the dictionary or getting misinformation from friends... When you get to bands like Propaghandi or the Dead Kennedys, the lyrics seem simple but cover more intensive to topics, something you'd have to be at least a little well-read to understand. This comes out really well when songs discuss specific political events, or get into a vocabulary that's more esoteric. You can still write fucking goofy songs anyway, though. I mean, Dead Kennedys did "Rawhide," and "Stealing People's Mail" for crying out loud. I think something that gets forgotten or dismissed is that, sometimes when these songs are written, the people writing them aren't informed or just young and dumb. The songs get popular, people love 'em, they stick around. There's nothing wrong with it, just like there is nothing wrong with goofy songs, or sings you just don't agree with. As long as you remember there's always more to it, more to learn, and more out there, it'll be alright.
I wear one on my indoor trainer. Just in case.
Pretty sure the empire considered it, but with the stormtroopers aim? Fuggettaboutit.
I rode a smaller one, once... About a 36-40 inch wheel, maybe? No matter if you're used to fixies and not coasting, or riding tall bikes, it's still weird. When you take a turn, your legs/hips have to flex to follow the wheel and not stay perpendicular to the frame, like they normally do. Also, wheelies are really fucking hard.
Any time I used oiled paper, I used the same exposure time as I would for a transparency. Most of my prints, however, didn't have super fine details to lose, so that might need to be taken into account. If you're asking how long it'll take with those bulbs at that power... You might need to Google a good resource and start running tests.
I think there might be some confusion between idea that it's "arbitrary" versus "arbitration," which uses a non-court system of settling disputes. It's still legally binding, since both parties agree to the process before going into it, and have to abide by it once the decision is rendered. It's just not a "real" court.
"Can't spell 'feet' without 'eet!'" Nom nom nom.
"I like small tits, but this is ridiculous." Groucho Marx
I'll throw this out there, but I don't know if there's a separate set of steps for a 1x set up. The standard way of checking is to wrap the chain around the two largest cogs without looping through the derailleur. Add two whole links, and there you go, perfect chain length. With a 1x, it sends like the logic would be just as sound. The front D doesn't offer any pull on the chain, so not having one shouldn't affect it at all. Perhaps your b-limit screw isn't set correctly? That adjusts the angle of the dangle of your derailleur. If it's set too slack, there might be some slap when you're in a smaller cog. I just recently set up a 1x for road riding, and I used that method to set my chain length, with no problems. There might be someone out there with better answers for you.
Is that at Sheetz? I love ordering food without talking to people.
That sounds awesome. More so than my old shop's grease trap method. That thing filled fast, smelled bad, and was hell to clean.
In legal parlance, "missile" can mean any object that's thrown or launched. Doesn't have to be a warhead, but if someone launched a Warhead candy at your car, it'd be a missile. Source: Watched "Ally McBeal" one time.
They look like mine, except my toes are more sequentially sized.
This.
Just ask yourself, how many black people do you see flying the Confederate flag? Ever?
I saw that a bit when I was in town a couple of weeks ago. I don't now, nor ever, like seeing tags in the woods. Abandoned buildings is fine, even abandoned buildings in the woods... But don't fuck with nature. If graffiti is a protest against urban blight and colorlessness, then nature is already the antidote. Sorry. /rant
I think I heard that the Grimes location shut down? Am I totally wrong about that?
Records are surprisingly resilient to cutting. What was used? A dremel? Coping saw? Tiny knives?
I've cycled (no pun intended) through almost every handlebar style... Flats, bullhorns, moustache, shallow risers... But I always come back to the drops! They just work so perfectly.
For me, (and what I think is common practice) is that you spend most of your time on the hoods. That means that your drop bars are working similarly to bullhorns, if you've got a good set up of brakes and bars and they are positioned correctly. The drops are used, but not for most of your time riding. Instead, they are used for descents and any other situation in which being aerodynamic is more important than being comfortable... I find myself in the drops for good stretches of slight downgrade or flats into headwinds. That means that, if my saddle is set right, it doesn't need to be changed, no matter what bars I'm using. With flat bars, you get one choice of hand position. With bullhorns, you get two major choices. Drops give you three: on the flat, on the hoods, and in the drops. That's why they're so appealing, at least to me.
With an accumulation of lint, I've noticed that adding water to it makes a larger mess. Maybe a stiff brush that your can scrub dry as it runs? Get some light colored fabric to check cleanliness by rubbing the belt as it runs as well. Getting into the inside of the belt is going to be tricky, but that's where all the lint and dirt is gonna fall.
I use [this knot](http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/secureknot.htm) on my scrub pants and boots. Super fast and secure, once you get the hang of it.
"Y'all." In all honesty, that's something love about being southern. Y'all can mean one person, an indefinite amount of people, the whole room with you... And it's gender neutral.
Hey, you might have saved her life by letting her know she was crossing against the light!
I dunno, that "poor audio quality" sells it even harder for me. It gives it that "demo tape you got at a basement show" vibe, which is usually an awesome thing.
There's a taco place nearby that does horchata and espresso. It's fricking tasty!
Cook when you can, camp when you can. That will save money on food and places to stay. Some of those places even have showers and such. Sometimes, (and I'm not condoning this), if you show up sort of late to a campsite, you can sneak in, sleep, and roll out the next morning without paying. Cooking can be trickier, but pb&amp;j's in the car are better than McDonald's. Maybe a camping stove and easily prepared meals at a roadside stop instead of a restaurant? As far as going east or west... The east coast is a whole lot of tiny and densely packed towns. The nature aspect is very green and lush. Also, in the summer, it's a lot more temperate. West will get you huge expanses of desert areas, Badlands, long drives with nothing but rare tiny towns... But the sky at night can be the most star-packed night you'll ever see. Huge huge skylines! And the Rockies. Past the Rockies, a little more desert, then you're in the Pacific northwest, where the trees are massive. Unless you go into southern California, and it's expensive and packed with cities, but temperate and sunny. I love travelling to all parts of America, for all these different reasons.
Wizard staff selfie stick? Gandalf level.
He was so wasted.
Be forewarned: I'm not going to ride in the gutter. I will also scoot left for big lumps, sewer grates, broken glass, loose gravel, babies, kittens, and left turns. But I try to be as accommodating as I can, respecting that each person in a car is a different driver. One jerk doesn't mean I get to piss off every other driver.
Some of these answers lean in the right direction. I can add a little conserving spikes and studs. Aside from the "look" it gives, studs and spikes can be a bit more practical... Dogs wear spiked collars around their necks to prevent another dog from grabbing hold of it, protecting it from attack. The same idea transferred to the punk aesthetic, with spiked bracelets, collars and such. A well-studded jacket might also turn a fist or knife in a fight. A spiked wrist can't be grabbed. Skinny jeans... Well, those aren't actually that practical. Anecdotally, that was the intent. It took the toughness of leather and denim with an extra layer of protection for rumbling gangs. Granted, most of what you see in that look nowadays is toned down and mall-ready. In a post-apocalyptic society, would you be afraid of it was roving gangs of nerds? Probably not. But if the streets were turned over and ran by the shadier element; biker gangs, punks, thugs, etc... You're actually worried about society.
[Great animated video about the accident.](https://youtu.be/YL9dWxkP8Qo)
Yeah! It's sometimes called a SCOBY, symbiotic culture of bacteria and yeast. It's the same process used in making kombucha.
Your idea of a "clunker" kinda makes me wonder what else you ride. Sure, it's old, but it can't be that bad. I can't figure out what year model that is, or the group set from that photo. I'd start by figuring out what works and what doesn't. New cables, repacking bearings, cleaning the chain... That can all be done on the cheap. New tires, if those are old, dry, or gnarly. Then, just ride. You'll figure out what needs to be replaced as you go. Stuff like saddles, handlebars, pedals... That comes from figuring out what you like and don't like about what you have.
There are a couple of models I've worked under in different facilities. They come as compete packages, with verbal and physical training. I don't know if you're in a position to purchase the training, but you can certainly look into them. [CPI/NVCI (Crisis Prevention Intervention, Nonviolent Crisis Intervention)](http://www.crisisprevention.com/). Used this one in a youth shelter and as a psych tech. It models escalation around a "kite" idea, with levels of escalation and how to address each one. The physical portion is fairly intuitive and sensible. Right now, the shelter where I work uses [Satori Learning's SAMA model.](http://satorilearning.com/sama-description.html). Personally, I liked the CPI model verbal deescalation, but SAMA's physical holds. CPI addresses how you physically present to someone as they heighten, SAMA has a general script to use when speaking. SAMA's holds are great for kids, as they aren't physically uncomfortable for them, if done right. Having learned both, my personal way has turned into a mishmash. Hope that's kinda helpful.
Think of it this way... Why doesn't a polaroid or any other photograph get more developed after it's done? Simple. The chemical reaction is finished. This reaction of the emulsion is started by light (specifically uv light), but there's only so much reacting it can do. Once it's finished, it's finished. Just like paint can't get any drier, exposed emulsion has turned into a plastic and won't change further. Now, I don't know a whole lot about chemistry, so I can't totally break it down for you, but that's a good starting point, I think. The other big thing is that light is what hardens the emulsion. Water washes it away. Continued exposure would just strengthen the emulsion, not weaken it. Friction from printing will wear it away, eventually, though. It is just plastic, squished into the fabric of the screen, then dried. From a practical standpoint, you can expose screens, wash them out, and re-expose to get them really dry. I used double exposure to get emulsion meant for plastisol (oil based) ready for acrylic (water based) inks, so it'd soak up less water from the ink while working. But necessary, but helpful. Hope this explains a little.
I know if you use the super-cheap option of Speedball, it does require heat setting. It could be as simple as running it in a clothes dryer on high for a half hour (once the ink air dried, of course). There are some ink additives that eliminate the need for heat setting, though.
If they liked the same smells we did, that would never explain why my dog constantly sniffs my cat's ass.
I was actually going to ask what kind of rack that was *because* it's so far up. I think because I'm a tall dude, my heels always hit the bottom of panniers. I know raising them might throw off balance, but it's hard to use them otherwise.
If a punk band does a pop-style song, is it pop? Also, is something art just 'cause you hang it on the wall?
Chlorine, dawg. Sodium hypochlorite. It's poisonous, which is why they use it to kill germs and pee in swimming pools.
First aid, BLS (basic life support) CPR, and maybe watch a video on how to identify a stroke victim. You don't need to know everything about universal precautions, but knowing how to deal with someone else's fluids isn't a bad idea, either.
It does for me. I had to rewind to catch the intro jokes on Futurama.
"This calls for a special blend of psychology and extreme violence."
Big Top Candy on South Congress?
With Google rewards, I can answer a few questions and get all the app money I need. I hadn't heard of Book Bub, though, and I'm always down for cheap reads! Thanks!
We were working in the $3k range as well. Outdoor ceremony, made all the food ourselves, friends as DJ's, and the bar didn't charge us for hosting the reception. I think we spent the most on drink tickets and food/picnic supplies. It was awesome and perfect for everyone involved.
I know that some of This Bike is a Pipe Bomb's songs have harmonica, but I'll be damned if I can think of which ones they are.
Motherfuckin' [Asschapel.](https://youtu.be/YMz1TtVcxs0)
I was imagining some ears that looked like my friends... I know folks that had to have theirs removed because they stretched too far, and the middle of the bottom died and broke. THAT'S intense. Yours, on the other hand, aren't any worse than mine. People sometimes take months before they notice anything odd about them. I've settled on the way they look now, and nothing is cheaper than just having your attitude adjusted!
That's what I would assume. I wonder where I can get Polish flaki in Texas?
Imageboxers.com. They do custom colors and prints. Quality isn't to die for, but the price is OK.
&gt;W-what is going on with JGL's face... He looks like a frog. He does look like he's standing in a hole... I'd guess it's about...knee deep.
It's true. Google a few pictures of "factory farms" and see where it hits you in the feels. Are all egg/milk production facilities like that? No, but you pay a premium for free-range and exploitation free products. Also, vegans consider the argument that humans are the only animal on the planet that drinks another's milk after being weaned, and that dairy milk is designed to help calves grow into cows, putting on tons of weight and mass. This is waaaaay more weight than humans put on during growth. There's a lot more to it, but that's just a starter bit of info. Source: former vegetarian/vegan.
Long story. The condensed version is: I like experiences and experimenting. I wanted to broaden my horizons food-wise, and that's hard to do when you exclude so much from your diet. I certainly don't give a fuck about eating McDonalds, but I did want to sample other culture's foods without restraint.
All math aside, what phones are you buying at $700 a pop? It might be more phone than you need... Do a little research, as smart phones are pushing the more budget-conscious models out there. I bought my moto g a few months ago at just under $300, and I have had no complaints from a performance standpoint. I can skip things like a fingerprint sensor in exchange for battery life, since having it run the whole day for work is important. There are a few brands out there with similar offerings. It's certainly worth a little reading to save a couple hundred bucks! Of course, we'll have to see how long this one lasts. My Galaxy G2 made it through a few years.
CBA? Can't be arsed?
Origin 8 and State Bicycle Co have them as well...but they have a little offset. They are cheap, though, if you're on a tight budget.
Teengenerate.
Sweetbabyjaysus's YouTube channel is a goldmine, for real.
I'm gonna shoot out the long answer as I understand it. For rock bands, on stage they have monitors. You know, those speakers pointed at themselves so they can hear what's going on. Orchestras do *not* have that. Plus, with a big ol' crowd of musicians like that, the only thing they can hear well will probably be the two people sitting next to them. Trying to play like this would quickly degenerate into chaos. Enter: the Conductor. That guy can hear EVERYTHING from where he is. Plus, he's waving his arms like a human metronome, keeping time and letting the various groups know when to get loud, when to get soft, when to come in for that triumphant finish... He's holding the whole thing together.
We have multiple Korean restaurants here, aside from the hipster beards, food trucks, craft beer and the occasional old man riding a bike in a banana hammock. He'll be fine.
True. Infant nails are like tiny razors. I've been scratched on the face, and it stings! Despite child care training, though, I have not heard of babies specifically choking on those mittens. Some onesies have them built in, though, just like the footie bits.
I witnessed a kid at work sliding his spaghetti onto the floor, then picking up noodles off of the floor to eat. Apparently asking "why are you eating floor spaghetti?" is worth a few tears. Two days ago, another kid was crying her eyes out because the other kids "wouldn't leave her alone" from the opposite side of the gym. They weren't even acknowledging her existence at all.
My memory is a little hazy, but we toured through Buffalo in the late 90's. Played a garage show with some band that was "I-something-cide." Supposedly, dudes from that band went on to be in I Object, but I can't find anything to corroborate that online. We went to Niagara Falls the next day. It was cool.
There's no way you stretched a chain like that with your hands, unless you're superhuman. I've got two theories. A: the fixed cog isn't the same size (maybe smaller) as the free wheel. If that's the case, it won't use as much chain as the free wheel side. 2: you're not pulling the wheel back far enough. For those single speed bikes, you've got to put a good amount of tension on the chain, and keep it tight by getting your bolts cranked down. If it slides forward anyway, I'd suggest getting some chain tensioners. They aren't expensive, and you can adjust the tightness of the chain to a really accurate degree.
The thing to remember is that the dates on milk are... sort of guesses. It's a "sell-by"date, ensuring that if you buy it on that day, it will still be good for a reasonable time after you get it home IF you store it correctly. If milk is stored improperly, it can be spoiled before the sell-by date. As long as it doesn't smell bad, you'll be OK. Also, cooking kills germs, so you'll be doubly safe if it's in a cake.
If you like Neon Piss, check out [Silent Era.](https://silenterabayarea.bandcamp.com/album/2014-tape) Same drummer, different sound.
You could try a couple of things. Both require gesso, which is a canvas primer. It's essentially acrylic paint with some gypsum added. (That's the stuff in drywall.) One: get the cheap canvases. Add more gesso in smooth layers until you get a canvas that's how you like it. You can, if you're gentle, sand between layers of gesso to improve the surface. Two: get the DIY framing components in the sizes you want. Make a frame. Cut hardboard/Masonite to fit. Glue/tack it together. You could get by with pretty thin stuff... like 1/8 inch Masonite. Gesso it to prime it. Paint it. I don't think i would spray prime the board, just because other primer is cheaper, and it might take a couple coats to get a good surface.
That sounds like a limit screw problem to start with. You can check GCN's YouTube channel for "how to adjust a rear derailleur." It's informative, and can be done as a newbie. You essentially pull the chain off, and push the derailleurs by hand to see where they are adjusted to, then use the "H" and "L" screws to get it set correctly. Those H and L screws are NOT for fixing the indexing! (That's what determines how it falls as you shift.) That's all done by adjusting cables. Fix the limit screws first and see where you are afterwards.
Yeah, those memory foam shoes are a rip. Even though they are light and comfy, they are still not very tough. Everyone's feet are different, but I do think there are stores that lean towards "higher end" footwear that isn't fashion forward. Places that sell brands like Mephisto, Ecco, Keen... places that will measure your feet like they used to do. Some brands also have models that offer lifetime warranties. I purchased a pair of low-profile styled Keen's a few years ago to wear as a hospital tech. On my feet for 10 of my 12 hour shifts, and they still hold together today. I don't wear them when I do things that require sneakers (like pushing around on my skateboard or riding my bike), but I wear them at work to look nice and stay comfy. They certainly have outlasted any sneaker I owned.
Are you planning on riding with a belt? I made myself a belt loop holster for my u lock. With a couple of fabric rivets and a chunk of old belt, you could do the same. It rides really flat against my waist when the lock is out, so it's not obtrusive. When I ride in Lycra (hence no belt), I don't bring a lock, mostly because my rides of that nature are loops back home.
Have you tried the Yellow Bike Project on Webberville Rd? It's staffed by volunteers, has open shop hours for repair, and are generally cheap and reputable. I recommend checking them out.
I've seen it the other way, bass strings on a guitar. It sounded weird, man.
The "G" stands for "Grandma."
Although it's tempting to undo the clasp and ride it like a swing bike, doing so might bend the hinge bolt. That's all I can tell you.
That's... That's not an Aver's bread stick, is it?
"Yippie-ki-yay, Mister Falcon."
Of course! As does Dr Mario.
I just really like the onion cranker machine. Nobody else has one!
When my dog barks in his sleep, it's cute. When my wife barks in her sleep, it's fuckin' weird, man.
I think "no" describes that whole switch. Get thee to Home Depot and fix that mess!
Summers in Texas are pretty brutal so I took to wearing a cycling jersey and changing into a regular shirt at work, post baby-wipe on the pits. I worked in a place where I was allowed to wear shorts, though. I also kept a complete outfit (down to skivvies and socks) at work at all times, in case of sudden downpour.
Oh, Lil Bub. I wish my dumb looking cat made me famous enough to meet someone like [Robert De Niro.](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02659/Tribeca_2659149b.jpg) She is using her fame to support awesome causes, like the Exotic Feline Rescue Center, where this gif was most likely shot. By the way, that cat is a girl.
I'd try this, but I kinda prefer having my teeth in my mouth as opposed to on the street and stuck to grip tape.
Man, I got THREE splats on the ride home the other night. Made the mistake of rolling right through a grackle wonderland and paid the price. I thought it was totally bad luck... Until today, when I ate it on some light rail tracks and tacoed my wheel, ripped my jacket, and sprained my wrist. Mondays, for real.
If anyone goes drinking around an MRI scanner, you're screwed.
As a cyclist, I check out other cyclist's calves. They are kinda like the biceps of your legs. I get jealous of a good set of calves. Checking out quads is weird, though.
I'm sure one of the *first* things he'll do is start closing loopholes that his fellow business owners and his own businesses use. Sounds reasonable.
I like the idea of thrift stores, but be careful about thrifting IKEA stuff. It's generally not sturdy enough to take a beating. When thrifting, go ahead and look for things made of real solid wood or metal. Older items can be painted up to give them a modern feel. I don't know if they are everywhere, but I used to live in a college town and the college had a surplus store. Essentially it was selling off older items as campus was refurbished. I scored some 7 foot tall solid bookshelves for around $20 each. They also had really solid desks and workbenches, and older office chairs. Also, where I live, we have to watch out for bed bugs...
43? At least 40. I know I haven't been to New Hampshire, Hawaii, Utah (other than flight layovers), West Virginia... I haven't traveled extensively in a while, so the memory is fuzzy.
Does anyone know what "prescription drugs" he was taking? I've gotten drunk while on antidepressants without committing any hate crimes.
This is a great idea. My two past phones have been a moto g3 (rip) and now the moto g4 plus. They do not have all the bells and whistles of a flagship phone, but i spent less than $700 on both of them. No contracts, no monthly payments for them, and I don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything they I need a phone to do.
I know other people have asked if this copies an existing wallet design... which it does *BUT* you spent about the same as the cost of one wallet on tools and supplies, made your money back selling surplus, *AND* you still have an awesome looking wallet! Not to mention the tools necessary to make other good looking leather pieces, should you want them. That's good thinking.
U/MGTS has it right. It's not rare, it's not valuable, but it is solid. It would probably work best with a basket on the front for kittens and flowers, and will work best on sunny spring days cruising to the farmer's market. It looks like someone has been taking at least a little care of it, but check your brake pads and tires for dry rot. Lube the chain and take off on social rides!
As in "can I sell it for a lot of money?" No, not really. I see them daily on Craigslist for between $75-$125. As in "should I ride it around town/to school/etc?" Yes. If it works and you like it, ride it.
Pretty sure there's studio rental in Austin (Texas, of course) where you can pay a flat rate per hour and get access to screen burning equipment. Madeatcraft.com Aspco.org Industryprintshop.com Hopefully, one of these places is still running.
This doesn't feel old to me, since I was in high school when the wall came down. Of course, I feel old in general, so...
If that's birth control, you straight gonna get preggo.
Did you just ask a loaded question so you could say racist shit? I just asked a rhetorical question so I could call you racist, so it's highly possible.
Tricks? Nah, you need *habits*. Good sleep habits will get you zzzz's on a regular basis. Habits like: don't eat too soon before bed. Limit electronics time before bed. Figure out how many hours you need to get caffeine out of your​ system, and don't drink anything in that time period. Reasonable hydration, but don't chug before bed. I like reading books or my Kindle as that's more relaxing than television. I also like white noise or some drone style binaural beats for mediation to drown out city sounds. If you have the luxury, set exact times and motions that you can go through every night to get your body set on a regular schedule. Sleepy time teas, melatonin, Valerian extract or pills are all helpful if the behaviors alone aren't helping. Benadryl (diphenhydramine) can help knock you out and the hot pink pills are the same as Zzzqyl. Other people mentioned weed, and I found that high cbd strains versus high thc strains are great for body relaxation... High THC can actually make you more anxious. This may vary wildly for different people, and also it's hard to shop in places where it's not legal.
I'll throw zenni.com into the mix as well. I've used them for about 5 pairs so far, and have had no problems. I too have fairly bad eyesight, so there is a level in which you'll get a mark-up for extra thick lenses, but it is still hundreds cheaper than going to the eye doctor.
It's the idea that "a man's home is his castle," sort of. (Might be a bad analogy.) If you are in danger in public, the general consensus is to move to safety first, if possible, before taking more drastic action. If you are in your own home, where exactly are you supposed to go? You've retreated as far as the law expects. That grants you a more comprehensive right to self-defense, which is still NOT carte-blanche to waste anyone, but allows leeway.
If the gods count that as a sacrifice, it just might be.
I assume its for the same reason people wear jerseys for sports they don't play.
I found a copy of this on CD while dumpster diving during university trash week (the post-move out dump after graduation...). It was a great find.
Insomnia. Or working third shift. Both have their drawbacks.
I read somewhere that's exactly where it came from. It's not in the wikipedia entry, though, and I can't remember where i first saw that nugget of info. I guess it'll stay unsubstantiated... for now.
I was hoping it would be stacked in the order of the old Big Mac song, but no such luck there. (Two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun...)
The entirety of The Vapors "New Clear Days" is waaaaay better than you'd think after listening to "Turning Japanese." The follow up album, "Magnets," is also pretty good.
Rew went from this to "Walking on Sunshine?" Whoa.
Bells had made it to distributors in Texas just one month before we moved here to Seattle. Those few weeks were full of Two Hearted. I feel your pain. There's good beer around, but not having access to Bell's or 3 Floyds makes me sad.
I eat mine right-side up, but put it on my plate upside-down. When buns are sliced, they consider something called the "shred line." It's there point on a bun where, if sliced any lower, the bread would just shred and crumble.
A quick Google search shows that ammonium chloride is used for a lot of animal and fertilizing reasons, making fairly easy to get at about $8 a pound. Looks like a easy project to try, if you have a heat gun. I wonder if an iron would work as well?
There's a few good videos on YouTube about narcan administration, including the "sternum rub" to test for OD versus other reasons someone might be unconscious. Basically, you just squirt it up there, and it helps. Barely breathing, I think it still gets enough in there. If you couple it with rescue breathing, it probably gets in there better.
Okie Dokie Man! He's.... alright, I guess!
That's cute, but man... I don't know about every bearded dragon, but mine hates those little fruit cereal looking foods. Also, those are way too big for that tiny guy to eat. I hope they get better food! Maybe you could buy that little buddy and feed him right! Beardies are great!
Yellow Ford Mustang. License plate: WU STANG.
Of those little nuggets? There are. Some are specific for smaller beardies, but they are still mostly wheat/grain. The best choice is fresh bugs, like mealworms, and a little salad chopped up really small for his tiny mouth.
That's a moiré!
Gotcha! I know that the flowers are the stuff in my bowl, but I'm a total noob on terminology.
Shit inside a traffic cone.
Well-groomed is defined by the place you work, not by the internet. Look at least as good as the worst dressed person there, if not better.
Dear kids, If you're going to break the law, try and only break one at a time. If you're transporting drugs and alcohol (especially across state lines), for fuck's sale drive sober and slowly. Sincerely, A grown-up.
If he wasn't eating all those Pop Rocks, he might not have slid out.
Make sure it's not leaking underneath, or seeing around the spout since that will cause corrosion. It's also a fairly easy fix, if it's infuriating to you like it would be to me.
I don't actually know a lot about this model, especially since it has an external 12v power supply with an XLR connection. I'm currently looking for any links to manuals or leads on cheaper power supplies! I found replacement belts on eBay already, but the AC adapters are kinda expensive for something that might not work.
Thanks, that's good info! That's what I'm looking for.
It's an annoying ad campaign for Orange Fitness. I've seen it in other cities as well, so I assume it's a cooperate decision. It is a waste of bikes, and looks terrible.
I think this song is the worst song on that album... The rest of it is so freaking solid! It's fantastic power pop, and worth checking out.
It's generally looked down upon. The main reason being that lower-income people get pushed out of a living situation without a whole lot of options. The people who profit from pushing poor people around are generally rich property developers. This is really problematic in neighborhoods that are traditionally made up of minorities... Such as the Mission District in San Fransisco, East Austin, and the Central District in Seattle. All of these places were cheap, which attracted artists and other creative types who improved it to their needs, and made them generally "cooler." People with money noticed that cool things happened in these places, and swooped in with new buildings and businesses and pushed out the traditional and long-standing businesses and people. I don't know about the minority population in San Fransisco, but I know in both Austin and Seattle they are in decline because people simply can't afford rents spiking into the $2- 5k range.
Happy Pride from Seattle!
Most Goodwill's will have a plug you can use. Might want to bring your own earphones and a 1/4 to 1/8 inch adapter plug. Bring a tape that you know is in great condition as a sample. As far as brands? Even some of the best brands have some cheap models. Look for features like multiple Dolby settings, adjustable recording level, and maybe a power line pass through (maybe? I say that because I feel that nicer decks are made to be a part of a shelf system, and should be set to plug in series for power).
Towards the back, there's a little foot peg. You just jog a little to get up to speed, use the peg and jump up to the seat. It's sort of like getting on and off a tall bike. I rode a smaller high-wheeler like that once, and starting and stopping isn't the hardest part. The hardest part is getting used to the front wheel turning, which makes your legs and hips go with it. It feels crazy!
"I musta drank me about fifteen Dr Peppers."
Earphone plugs are generally 1/8 inch sized. The larger one (like you might find on vintage headphones) are 1/4 inch. There's an adapter to take your tiny plug and make it fit a bigger hole. They shouldn't cost more than a few dollars.
I'm putting off my midlife crisis until I'm 70. That way, I'll live until I'm 140.
So you showed up 24 hours and ten minutes early?
Oh, I lived right over from Uptown in East Dallas. There are a good amount of shared lanes getting around neighborhoods like Uptown or Deep Ellum but not a great amount of separated lanes. Getting from some place like Uptown to Bishop Arts, there were a really solid amount of separated lanes. You can get from near Uptown to the trails around White Rock Lake and stay off of roads almost entirely. I've just been dealing with traffic myself and sharing almost every available road. I know that's not for everyone, but it's just been what I've done in every major city I've lived in over the past decade or so. Dallas wasn't that much more intimidating than anywhere else, provided you ride smart and pick the right roads. Good luck in Dallas!
Since people not from Austin might see this, I just wanna say that Kick Butt Coffee looks the most like a dive bar than any other coffee shop I've ever been in. Don't know anything about these bands, though.
Can you even find it outside of Chicago? I don't think it's permeated the rest of the US.
It's a weird mix. Meeting people on common ground or taking with business owners and staff made it seem like everyone was just peachy. The flip side of this being other customers and, like you said, drivers. There was something about the cowboy lookalikes and their big haired wives that were just snooty as hell. I think they are referred to as the $50,000 millionaires. Little money with big money attitudes. And forget ever having a pleasant experience shopping or dining around them. As for drivers? Jeeebus Crimmas. Tailgating, speeding, never seen a turn signal in their lives, giant ass trucks taking over lanes with abandon... There ARE nice people in Dallas. I met a lot of them and had a... reasonable time living there. I wouldn't move back, though.
I like everything but my tan lines, but tanning is dumb. Also, the sports I like (cycling, mainly) just keep reinforcing the dark arms and pale pale chest.
Yep! It's recreationally legal here in Washington, and (as far as I know) it's been without major problems. Plus, with it being so easy to get, you can actually pick and choose strains that *are* helpful medically without the additional expense of a doctor's visit. Or, you can just blow your mind with something high potency and watch cat videos. Either way, it's cool.
Wait, do you want to *not* eat at home before riding, or are you planning on eating, snacking on the ride, and then having a shake? You can do "fasting rides," but generally that's a part of training. It gets your body geared toward using your stores of energy (fat) instead of relying on you have eaten... But one of the keys to that is not pushing yourself too hard while doing that. I imagine 20km should take you 45 minutes to an hour, depending on traffic. I think it's possible, but it might not be comfortable. Personally, I'd eat breakfast. Maybe some overnight oatmeal, the kind you don't boil? Or just a bowl of cereal and a banana. Just enough to get going so you don't bonk on the ride.
This idea definitely fits in with "why isn't there a White pride day, White history month, blah blah..." Historically, nobody's been persecuted for being straight and white, especially if you're Protestant.
At 42, the only thing I'm too old for is a mohawk. Damn you, receding hairline! I did just pull a 20 year old Crucifix patch from the sewing kit for my latest jacket.
Last South By, he climbed to the top of The Grackle while playing. It was great.
Even during the massive Brood X hatching from a few years back, I did not see one shedding. It was only last year that I saw a freshly hatched little buddy, before his wings had even expanded.
[Here's a video](https://youtu.be/P5O5V7-PcLE) of a badly played down with a lot of lateral passes. If you'll notice, once they are past the line of scrimmage (the blue line) they only pass the ball sideways or backwards.
Oh yeah. I would ride my bike at night and get a half dozen hitchhikers on my shirt.
Uhhh, I need gluten free green tea. Caffeine free, too. I get nervous.
Holding back a German shepherd by the collar as she snapped her jaws at me until I could get to the end of her rope. The scariest thing was that she didn't bark or growl once, she went straight to trying to bite. She bit a lot of people, including putting a football sized bruise on the thigh of a contractor.
I know it depends on the brand, but generally it's a thin fleece. Mine are really comfy, like pants on the outside but pajamas on the inside. It doesn't feel bulky at all.
I've got a couple with big ol' chunks missing from the plastic case. I also have one that got so tangled that in the middle of one song, it plays the song from the other side in reverse before twisting back to the right way.
Tell that to Viserys Targaryen.
I'm a prostitute robot from the future!
To be fair, that's probably what the handlebars look like on the bikes parked outside. Don't call 'em "bum bars" for nothing.
My wife's wedding march was to an instrument Neil Young song, and our first dance was to "Just Like Honey" by Jesus and Mary Chain. The lyrics aren't really about "eternal devotion" it anything, we just both love that song. I feel like I missed out not asking for "I Would Die 4 U" by Prince, though.
I've been working my way down through the guides on my clippers for the past few years, from 1/2 inch down to 1/8. Finally decided to go guide-less and I'm not looking back. There main reason I don't go down to the skin is just that it's more work.
I got an Arcteryx Atom jacket. It's light for a winter coat, but I was using it as a shell for cycling in winter. It's made of... Nylon? I have a couple of things by them, Mountain Hardware, and Outdoor Research. Pricey, but sturdy. When I find things like those brands, Columbia or Patagonia at Goodwill, I always give it a good once over even if it's something I don't need right away. If they look properly cared for, it might be worth setting aside.
Fuck yeah, HEB! Also, what an I going to do when it's summer and I can't get a St Arnold's Lawnmower? Why did I moved away?!
[Oh, yee!](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/016/362/tumblr_nb7jgq9kcR1slfxluo1_1280.jpg)
The greenhouse idea is tops! I like the greenhouse, even as a guy that doesn't care much about plants I'm not about to eat. There is also the open nights of the observatory and the Union always had a couple of pinball games and bowling. Some nights are blacklight bowling, and the games are cheap. McCalla will have art shows later in the semester, and I don't know the status of the art museum since I don't live in town anymore. But when it's open, it's good.
Number 8 is definitely my "uh oh" moment, as in "uh oh, that's one beer too far."
That's the wonderful combo of hair and dirt. Tan line? Nah, it's a Grime Line.
I call my wife's car "Fancy Car." It's a company car, and it's pimped out with all the extras. So nice. I don't like her driving but I love riding in Fancy Car.
First, if you like drawing, keep doing it and don't stop. Draw hundreds of pictures. Thousands, even. You'll improve (and this is NOT a bad start, because it's looking pretty good). You might not get better with every drawing, but it will improve overall. Plus, it's fun! Second, if you *really* like drawing try to learn about drawing as you practice. There's tons of books about every style of drawing, tons of YouTube videos, and as many art classes as you can stand. Basically, practice makes you better, and learning techniques and tips helps you practice more effectively so your practice sticks in your brain better.
To be fair, bees vomit into each other's mouths over and over until it becomes honey. Maaaaaybe people aren't eating and re-vomiting into each other's mouths enough... Yet.
Like hell we don't. I'm always thanking him every time I get laid. "Oh, God... Oh God.."
I like lining them up on the floor and watching my little dude chomp them down like a little Pac Man.
I believe you are correct.
Me at Golden Corral.
Sorry, but I can't see the dog. Could you slide over a little?
A quick tappy tap of the Google ("replacement cassette belts") brought up tons of eBay sales with 30 to 60 various sized belts. They were all less than $2, so even if you get the wrong one, it's cheap.
The first ingredient in fish food is fish meal. That fish didn't get mealed.
I think, depending on where your loan originates, they might require an inspection. My wife and I are on our third home (loooooong story with lots of moving), and this is the first one that the bank didn't mandate an inspection. Still got one, though. It's worth the couple hundred bucks to have someone kick the tires. Our inspector did things we wouldn't have thought to do, like run *all* the taps at the same time to spot leaks or crank the heat up all the way to spot faulty radiators. That, and it automatically creates a "to-do list" of home repair that you can prioritize to suit your needs.
/r/sbubby
I want to say they were kwikset brand. It comes with a little tool/pin that you insert with the original key. Turn it 45 degrees, insert new key, take out pin and you're done. Got the entire house (with deadbolts) down to one key.
I made mine. Jigsaw, scrap boards, dowels, and some glue. It's not really pretty, but I plan on making a better one soon. He does like it, and that's what matters.
I find that a heavily sarcastic "Wow, never heard *that* one before!" followed by chuckling like Goofy (hyuck hyuck hyuck!) usually shuts people up. My problem is that my last name is the same as someone moderately famous, so I get the "any relation?" anytime someone checks my ID. Just getting it on both ends.
I kinda have two. First: Leave it better than you found it. This is great for things like my job, where I share a desk and office with others. I try not to leave a mess. This gets hard in places like public restrooms, and there's things I won't do... But I can always pick up a few extra paper towels, change out the TP, and make sure I didn't leave any shit splatters. Second: You can always be the first to do the right thing. Same vein, different circumstances. As a person sharing a planet with billions, you can always take the lead in doing something positive to help and benefit others.
I moved from Dallas to Seattle, where they've just started another round of dockless bike sharing. I think the first business collapsed with lack of use, but now there are three competing companies. Personally, I haven't used them but I still love the idea. They are cheap, always nearby (especially near campus), and really robust for the abuse they get. Some people here hate hate *hate* them, and there's photos of bikes in the lake, bikes in trees, bikes getting thrown off bridges... Lots of complaints here on Reddit about them being an "eyesore," but it's Reddit, and people complain about everything. But damn, you can park 30 bikes in the space for two cars and parking is a constant nightmare. My question is, other than across Deep Ellum, where are people going to use them? Lots of people don't like urban riding.
When did the bike shares move in? I just left Dallas in April, and I was doing regular rides around the lake right up to the day we left. I'm not surprised that they wound up in the lake, though. There's no limit to jerks when others aren't looking.
Needs the boots with the fur. The whole club were be lookin' at her.
Wait. When the Queen sneezes, do people say "God save you?" That would be great.
Dirty Sixth Street, Austin Texas. Pizza there is ok, but that strip of road is abysmally full of party bros. If you go back, go to Casino El Camino or the Jackalope. East Sixth is a bit better, with places like the Yellow Jacket or the Grackle where they have punk DJs on certain Fridays.
Super Mario 2. That's the first thing that popped into my head; "The Princess can fly!" Go back to Hoth, she'll be great on the ice level.
Oh, well... Do you think the Thing's dork is made out of orange rock like the rest of his body?
Anything by Mary Roach. *Stiff, Gulp, Bonk...* It's approachable facts and interviews about various gross things. They are very entertaining.
Austin? I'm guessing Austin.
Ex-local, but I miss the hell out of it. I had some good guides when I lived there.
Went from Austin to Dallas the October before last, and Seattle last April. We're just trying to find the most expensive cities to live in. (Ha ha!)
Spray adhesive might work ok. The main thing I would be careful of would be pulling it off after spraying. The wax is going to keep the paint from drying on the paper compared to a card stock which would soak it up. Why don't you cut a simpler stencil on another sheet of freezer paper and try that out on some scrap? That way, you can see the results with just a little extra work.
Maybe? I've never tried it. It's worth a test shot.
