If she does not respect you now, she never will. Run.
same as any religion, tbh.
look for another job then, and thats ASAP. IF this blows up, you'll might be facing up to legal action on a word vs word alone. Also, document everything.
on one hand, yes, on the other, they are way overused in this area, unfortunately.
Also what /u/Skellum said here, exactly.
Power. With power, you can get both the money and sex easily.
unless you own a good porn studio? ;)
yeah, she definetly needs a proffesional, and that proffesional is a police officer. This is a very FUCKED UP what her husband wants, imo.
this reason is called safety procedures. And they are called for more prosaic situations than an engine failure on takeoff - just because you have up to few hundred people on board.
She made her own decision, she should pay the consequences. Not you.
it only smells if she didnt wash her teeth...:&gt;
Married her, now we actually want a baby :&gt;
Biologically, 20-25 years old (for a woman), between puberty and 40 for a man. Reality - when you have a stable income/place to live on your own, can afford the additional expense, are in a stable relationship (so the kid has a stable, loving, family situation, not some war-like scenario to live in), and want a kid.
Maybe because, for many people, a legal move is just not that important to stay together / care for each other and the baby long-term?
Or just, not fill your life with work, and have time for him, maybe? If she's constantly away (13 hours daily work, plus commute, etc, chores, life in other words - all that adds up to probably what? 17-18 hours? More?) and their schedules don't exactly meet, he might be simply too tired / not in a mood for sex.
Bah. real men use Hercules!
Alternatively, automate your job, school, family, and sleep? :D
The question is: what does she do? If she is activelly exploiting this, I'd go as far as looking for a new partner.
Yeah, sadly, we men do not get to choose wheter or not we want to be a parent. If a woman deems we are to be one, we are forced into it. Such fun /s Ultimately, it was OP's decision to go thru with it, not a forced choice by her SO. The question is, why her SO pushed so hard. He might well have a valid reason not to be tied to her now. Was this checked / resolved? Dont dismiss his side of the story as easily. Edit: for me, this sounds like a buried deep lack of trust issue.
Umm...yeah. It might be awkward, but without communication you two will not resolve anything - but you will just make even more problems by not communicating properly / at all. Think about it. Now, if he does not respond to communication...make him your ex-bf.
If you do not have feelings for her / do not want to go exclusive - stay away, and strongly consider additional birth control that is 100% controlled by you alone. Just in case she gets an idea to use "ooopsie baby" card.
Break up. One month in is not a point to making such life-altering decisions like moving.
You mean?
OP's just pretending to be an adult if she is cheating while drunk. Just saying.
I double that. You and your feelings/needs should be his first concern. Also, taking a dog for a sleepovers? Wait, what...?
Also men do not get to choose wheter or not they want to support a child born because a mother unilaterally witheld BC w/o telling them ;) what about them? "collateral damage" of someones 20+ years of income ? What choice do those men had? Then again, its just a man, right? He should man up. /s
&gt; So, taking her at her word I'd take her on her word way before that, that she would not cheat. Thats what being exclusive means, right ?
For now, yes. Those things can change, and data do not dissapear by themselves ;) remember that.
&gt; he dropped it and sincerely apologized to me I'd say you both just moved a bit too fast for your needs / likes. As you now taking it slow now, he backed off, he apologized - i think that it has a potential to turn out ok.
I'd still get a paternity test. Just in case.
the person having an issue here is OP's cheating wifey. OP should aim for 100% custody, after paternity testing.
He talks about it, because he knows what she will do in this situation (quite predictable move on her side, tbh, too). A lawyer is also a stranger, so I guess ,by your logic, he shouldnt talk to him? On the other hand, mother has no/too little income, has no place to stay in same area as father - why should everything be about HER, especially if she is the one that fucked up ? Feminism much?
OMG, why would anyone want a tattoo in a such infection-prone place? O_o
"a bit" insulting, if you ask me. And im not even Japanese. ...and "a bit" is a diplomacy talk.
Looking at this thread, I have a feeling, that tattoo was meant to be done to piss off that one certain tattoo artist that was selected by the client XD
They do. Also, check out eyeball tattoos. And cringe.
more like "they were married off by their families" than "they married".
Your lungs will rupture if you try and hold it in, in short. Then, you will drown in your own blood :)
Yeah, except that process takes days, while just removing your helmet in space would end up as explosive decompression :)
I guess it would not be to hard to perform invitro procedure on a woman during a surgery, but assisted reproduction methods also rely on hormonal therapy before the procedure itself - so I dont know wheter such feat would result in a viable pregnancy.
Also, depends on what exactly is the construction of the plant. I.e. radiation hazard from chernobyl 4 event is that high, because there was no safety/containment dome over the reactor - and once the reactor vessel's cover was blown off, it obliterated that flimsy metal sheet roof overhead, and left reactor open (and burning) to the outside world. A proper containment building would mitigate this to an extent. Another thing to consider, is the core composition - again, chernobyl 4 reactor - the RBMK-1000 - contains several hundred tons of graphite, that, if heated and exposed to oxygen, burns. Fires create updrafts that will cause radioactive particles to spread over large areas. If that was a PWR reactor, the crisis would be most probably way better contained.
For comparison, the largest test device ever to be detonated - the USSR's Tsar Bomba - had yield equivalent of 50 megatons of TNT. And its shockwave caused damage as far as finland (thru atmospheric lensing) where there were several cases of buildings having their roofs blown off.
&gt; Gamma rays are not dangerous by themselves umm, yeah, they are, actually. If they were not dangerous, they would not be in gamma ray part of EM spectrum anymore. Less frequency means less energy carried.
&gt; in small quantities Apart from tiny additional cancer chance, this is about correct now :)
&gt; Can you still have a relationship without sexual relations? Unless both parties are asexual, and assuming its not an open relationship, such relationship will mostly, not last. &gt; She has opened up to me about her childhood, she said her step brother used to force her to do things. If she was abused, was she in a therapy later? Maybe this could help.
So, should a hate speech be OK if its performed in a willing circle of people? Thats how NSDAP started, tbh...
Also, is she is mentally fit to be a principal, she is well fit mentally to be tried by the court.
I guess the primer on a HEAT is not keyed for such soft target as a human body, so it just passed thru without actuating. And I dont think it would be a razor cut, more like having a grenade explode inside him - all that kinetic energy, and follow-up shockwave behind the round.
Actually, I once wondered would the elephants foot undergo at least some fission if subjected to a nuke going off nearby...
I literally always did that to that city. Just because that crazy scientist-style girl there. Tho, the first time Ive met her as a ghoul, AFTER the fact, was...unsettling. A bit.
Any big enough bomb will solve any problem...the fact, that it will solve anything else in general area, is another story altogether.
which is very overrated. You just to make sure that the opponent has no chance of retaliatory action.
&gt; child abuse that is being worked on, with the pope cracking down on it. you mean, by kicking out any priest who tries to actually achieve anything apart from PR statements ? GG, pope, GG. But we atheists still not gonna belive you have any sort of good intentions. tldr: pope is just a PR guy anyway, with an...interesting past to boot.
If you do not deal with extremist in your midst you are as guilty, by being an enabler.
And why should I care? You have an extremist in your midst? You take care of him. There is always a way to do SOMETHING, even if by showing political support against that extremist. Yet most do nothing.
&gt; Should I discuss this problem with my therapist? What for. Its too late anyway. *chants "one of usssss" :D
A pickaxe is also a manual craft, so add at least one.
But what if he likes it small? :)
As for tracks, they were specially-built quad rail lines, curved to faciliate directional aiming. There was no "line" to speak of that got to them - the gun was assembled on-site after the rails were built, directly on them.
Its not really "mobile" - only movement it did while assembled, was aiming. Even that was done by external locomotives, as gun itself did not have engines.
not with 20 meters+ of barrel recoil :)
In short, Plan B is an emergency hormonal birth control pill. Prevents pregnancy when used within first 72 hours after sex.
Its not that easy - if it was, you would be able not only to "cure" transsexuals, but homosexuals - and yet, no "cure" was found for either, just because its not that easy as it looks. dont think of being trans/homosexual as "thinking the wrong things" - its the other way around, think of it as a (i.e.) male brain that you made to live in a female body.
Depends what one defines as "being ill". If you treat everything "not perfect normal" as "ill", than not only gay people are "ill" but virtually noone is sane - just undiagnosed. As for clinical definition of being ill, homosexual person is not mentally ill.
like, gossip :D
&gt; regardless of gender Not that women can get prostate cancer :)
Dont glocks have a squeeze safety ? Technically its still a catch, you just operate it differently. And you can slide back -&gt; load a clip -&gt; relase the slide. Way easier to do.
Thats about the same level of fallacy, as you asserting that being in illness/disorder if its not your norm ;) Im more with WHO on what norm is.
&gt; Robocop... I liked the new movie well enough but would have liked it more as a sequel instead of a remake... the new actor really didn't pull off the roll nearly as well Peter Weller... he just wasn't the Murphy we all knew and loved. also, oryginal robocop looked and behaved like a mostly-machine entity, which it was. New robocop looked like a guy in a fancy suit.
A very large group of people is also batshit crazy. Tho, most probably, its just corelation and not causation. Mostly because, even toxoplasmosa cant make a person that much crazy as some are. :)
&gt; &gt; We visit each other once a month Then you dont really know her. Do not marry until you actually lived with each oter for 2-3 years AFTER LDR ends.
&gt; Was she really just busy? Probably. Fucking someone locally generally takes some work.
So whats wrong with a divorced person ?
1) get more money 2) get even more money. Women want men who can either provide servitude, success, or sex. preferably all of above.
Not willing to accept flaws, and will make a wonderful mother? I do not think so ;) Children also have flaws, and also, they are mostly not like you want them to be.
Until you get the fuel bill :D
Yeah, helicopters are in more vulnerable position, and are technically more vulnerable too. On the other hand, error margin on a helicopter is way larger compared to a jet aircraft doing 600+ mph at 1 mile ASL.
more temperature resistance, more density and less malleable. Thus better as ammo.
People dont change because children. They do fuck up children tho, if they try to make them into perfect images of their own imagination of what a person should be.
If she is using that much makeup that she looks different to such an extent, she's not the kind of person i'd date anyway. I prefer to look at the woman and see a woman, not a barbie doll living advert for 10 cosmetic companies.
In theory, yes. But as /u/stickmanDave stated already, its totally unfeasible due to economics. Producing and sustaining one gram of antimatter, currently, would cost more than the entire planetary economy.
That. Also, beware of ooopsies.
If you have any STD, he has a right to be upset. The "most people have it" is a bit bullshit, and not everyone wants to get involved with a person that carries a disease. Im 100% clean, and I expect my SO to be 100% clean, no exceptions. If he/she is not, its a 100% unrecoverable dealbreaker.
Time. You need time, girl.
Drugs are no better than pedo. Out there at the top of it, its not exactly "having a good smoke and a laugh", but more along the line of mexican cartels financing.
And that radioactivity is 1) low, 2) its alpha emission, meaning its only even dangerous if it gets inside you. Technically, with even 2-3% U235 enriched nuclear reactor fuel pellets, you can hold it in your hand and not have any adverse effects - provided it was never used in a reactor yet (so fission byproducts are in negligible quantity)
Cartels exist if you do not penalise crime harshy enough, or dont have forces to do so. And if you legalise drugs, you will only get more crime / accidents caused by people under the influence - and nothing positive for society. Then again, im all for super harsh / up to capital punishment for any serious crime (that meaning drugs, sexual crime, corruption, political engineering, terror, coercion, embezzelment, fraud, theft, etc - not traffic tickets :P)
&gt; They don't execute for rape or murder, only drugs. Most probably because they do not want that kind of persons in their teritory, period. You want to do drugs? You are free to do so...outside of their teritory. Or risk consequences. Its that easy.
Ummm, we can't ? Thats a new one.
We also existed without most of law enforcement, does not mean its good ;)
Thats because no law enforcement provides safety. It only provides consequences...sometimes. You want safety? CCW license if your friend.
&gt; super tsunami can make an entire country a no human zone It can do that on itself, without help :)
Also, the amount of really dangerous waste, from a year of power plant's operation, is negligible next to amount of dangerous waste from coal power plants, or any chemical processing / smelting.
&gt; Fukushiima was a total clusterfuck disaster. And, not surprisingly, so was Chernobyl-4 disaster, with extreme errors in reactor / safeties design added in.
oh trust me, they are there. Unfortunately.
I, for one, use facebook mostly for family/closest friends contact or sharing, and intrest groups. Nothing more.
Having renewable energy is one thing. Having it 100% dependable upon for access-sensitive industrial processes, is another story. Some plants could loose equipment worth millions if they fully lost power for more than minutes.
Reactors do not blow up by themselves, unless there is severe human error / design fault involved. Which is about the same as any other mass power generation. Stop fear mongering, and get facts straight, seriously.
&gt; It pumps two forms of hydrogen into a chamber One of two heavy isotopes, to be exact - either deuterium or tritium. You could technically use regular hydrogen, but then you'd need more power going in to sustain fusion reaction, starting the fusion is harder, containment is harder (way more pressure / temperature needed) and so on. On the other hand, tritium decays very fast, and is expensive / hard to get. Deuterium is between tritium and hydrogen, so its most probable fuel of choice. edit: And, i'd gather that output helium would be readily used, as we have a limited supply of helium on earth, and its useful.
Its not danger that people are concerned about, really. Its economics. Social costs a lot, and someone that didnt put a dime into the system, should not be allowed to use that system, just because he came, and deems he's entitled to. What about building your own country up again, instead of blowing it up?
They dont need help. They WANT everything done for them, w/o doing it themselves. My country did not start a war in syria, I dont see any point in imploding my economy because they WANT social. Especially, that without any education, language knowledge, and so on, you will be forced to sustain them for generations. Because they are not really able, nor willing, to sustain themselves.
The case of native americans is exactly what happens if you let illegal immigration in unchecked. TBH.
Or get stabbed with a sharpened pencil. Yeah, those were used as deadly weapons too, with good effect.
Why should I give my earned money, that I worked for, with my abilities that I worked to get, to someone without the will or ability to work themselves? I work, I want to keep my money.
Thats what you get when you manually withdraw control rods, by hand ;) shouldnt be done, like ever.
Why should I invest into someone who will not turn in any profit in next few generations, does not known my language, does not have any abilities/knowledge to monetize on/work with, is unwilling to get them, and commited a crime just getting to my country (as illegal border crossing is considered a felony/criminal offence where I live, also to be considered a refugee you need to go thru due security screening / admittance process, not just DEMAND it) ? Just because he came to my house and said he wants money?
So, basically, he should not / can not trust his SO on such an important element of living together/relationship ? Is that what you are saying ? Technically doable, yes. But not really a relationship anymore, imo. edit: that, and those 10-30% (studies dependent)of fathers who unknowingly support/raise children that are not theirs.
&gt; woman &gt; willing to work does not compute.
tbh, transgender MtF does not always have their dicks - medically its quite easy to make functioning female genitalia (not as easy the other way around tho)
Why its not mentioned? Because it conflicts with current feminism goals, thats all. Media engineering.
But what about a woman's innate birthright to do as she pleases?! /s :&gt;
That exactly. If his MOTHER of all people says that to you, you LISTEN. Seriously.
No matter how long has passed since they started. Red flags are red flags, especially such massive ones.
Yeah, these two classes are like two separate worlds alltogether :)
If they are not smart / hard working enough, not really my problem. My resources are for me and my family alone. Also, not US of A here, thankfully. How's your national debt going lately? :&gt;
Nope, dont have a mortgage actually - bought an apartment with 100% my money. As for people you mention - they all given something unto the society at one point, and are citizens of my country, and did not commit a crime to get into its teritory, and have a potential to grow back up again. Unlike most illegal immigrants. Those, I owe exactly nothing. edit: I do not exactly care why someone is poor - if its mine assets, its mine. Not theirs. Sorry they did not have opportunity or didnt took it, but its not my doing.
Yep.
You dont need to. Its self-cleaning, basically - I mean the inside.
You might want to consult with your doctor - hormonal pill could help, or stopping / changing the pill to another, if you are already on one.
Yeah, if you do kegels, your BF might not be lying ;)
&gt; There is no oxygen in space for fire to burn on the sun, Also, process occuring on the sun is not really burning (which is technically a chemical, exothermal/exoenergetical oxidation process). Nuclear plasma burn is not "fire" in the meaning of chemical fire.
At homes, content with "feminist justice" because female must be on top of the situation, no matter what she did :)
&gt; because why would a 38 year old want to date someone my age? Ok, as I'm a guy, i'll drop my simple 2 cents on this: Why not ? If there is attraction (and its mutual too, in your case), if that person is of legal age, if you both have the same/similar maturity level...why should he not pursue that,exactly? Because society says the age gap is too large for them? TBH, if both persons are commited to work (and this is THE important part, and the hard one too) on a relationship, then the age gap is not the bad thing, and sometimes can be even a benefit. Might be harder than a relationship with less age difference, but not impossible. Now, what /u/MsSadieDunham said, focusing strictly on sex, from his side, could be a red flag, especially if the rest of relationship goes down in frequency. Then again, my wife and me, we started as FWBs in 100% open relation...now we are at year 10 together, and 8 years married. Took much work tho, esp. that my life goals had to be put on hold for most of that time. So you should consider that, and seriously too, if you want a LTR.
&gt; How early on are you supposed to have sex? When you both really want it, go for it. In the words of a certain sith lord: search your feelings. Yours, whats good for you here, not whats "supposed to be" deemed good by society.
&gt; isn't pushing me into doing anything and generally wants me to be ready Respect - this is a good sign.
Especially about breast implants...if you do not have a VERY good reason, do not do what ammounts to a semi-major surgery. Its always invasive, its always prone to errors/problems afterwards. As is any surgery. And certainly do not do that just to please any guy. From your post below, OP: &gt; I lost the pregnancy weight, my breasts are smaller and less firm now and he says he is less attracted to me physically. For me, thats a red flag. And just pregnancy changes are, really, NOT the reason to do surgery on yourself, if you do not really want that yourself. edit: even with minor surgical procedures, if you are put out with general anestetics, its risky and potentially dangerous. You do not do that without a real, serious reason.
The slots below look like a roboport, actually. So count me in as hyped. :&gt;
aaand thats exactly why im waiting for my superfactory project, till .13 hits.
Its not the worst, belive you me :&gt;
confirming I did in fact make that mistake at first &gt;&lt;
And I'd say that wrongfull conviction is not the matter of capital punishment, but a broken legal system. Put in severe personal consequences for wrongfull conviction, perhaps? And enforce them, maybe?
Thats why its called "estimated" date ;)
&gt; I'm saying it would be smart to reward this behavior and make sure there is nothing else. Same thoughts as mine, but way better wording.
Scout outwards, find a new deposit, and connect via train ? ;)
If a female wanted that, it probably is /s :&gt;
Then women should not have a say in wheter that guy pays child support or not.
To be exact, in an enclosed, resonant cavity. So in theory, there should be no trust.
Parachute is autodeployed by a seat, actually, so no problem here. The problem is actually properly operating that seat AND living afterwards, and not getting maimed by the whole ordeal. edit: to be exact, the seat will autostabilise mid-flight, separate itself from the pilot, open the parachute, and if needed,relase and inflate a life raft for water landing.
You should be ok after some time, but dont do that repeteadly. Fun fact: this is also how temporary flash blindness works: overstimulation and photopigments in cells getting bleached out by intense light flash.
Very true.
full Bob's mods set, RSO, and Hard crafting mod. Good luck :)
I guess this would depend on pressure too, but I dont think any medical grade equipment would cause that.
Also, that. And also the fact, that in most multiseat aircraft, ejection seats are not sequenced together, but every person has to actuate them by themselves. Try to achieve proper separations with 200+ panicked people onboard. Also, kids using those ejection seats? Nope. Doesn't spell anything good.
also, formaldehyde face talk.
Developer here, confirming we also dread any friday relases. As a rule we do not do fridays, and skip to monday at least. That way, if the system goes down, we have time to rollback or patch it.
Schwerer Gustav mod would actually be a nice alternative to a ion cannon mod :)
IIRC there is a no hand crafting mod available :)
well they did have plans to expand PI, i hope this comes one day, at least a bit. For now, I mostly play the market and sell my stockpiles, especially now that citadels upped the need for PI products.
Im planning to do a realistic furnaces mod, where all advanced furnaces work with batch loads, also you need specyfic type of furnace for specyfic material, and some of them require additional material (like limestone for a blast furnace iron recipe) or use additional "fuel" (like graphite electrodes for arc furnace steel recipe, which would last for 3-4 loads), they'd also produce slag byproduct that you'd have to remove.
what about attack helicopters?
&gt; I expect she will shift with winds. even worse, as this proves that she's not trustworthy.
&gt; Why wouldn't supernova have created them and seeded them around the universe? not enough energy/time/improper "reagents" involved. Supernovae create heavier elements within split-seconds where their energy starts to rise, and fusion reactions are still occuring - so heavier elements can be fused together from lighter ones.
Its not only energy need. To create an element, you need to have proper entry element's nuclei, and use proper energy neutrons / ions to bomb those with. Its not as simple as hydrogen fusing into helium, because heavier elements tend to get unstable (radiodecaying) isotopes way more easily, and this decay (either forced by energetic neutron, or spontaneous) will prevent breeding of heavier elements.
For starters, conciousness is not "energy", but its a byproduct of brain / nervous system function and operation. Once thats gone, its gone.
It is. Same principle applies to ovaries and testicles - one might get diseased/damaged and a person can still have an offspring.
One lung is way more than enough to sustain life, albeit you will have highly reduced physical performance. Some lung cancer patients have had way more than one lung removed and still live on, for example.
Black holes do not really "go" anywhere. They are not "gates".
yeah, land loss can be easily resolved with technology. Climate change and pottable water loss will be more problematic long-term.
Food production? Oxygen/water recycling? Cooling? Power generation? Most of it i think.
NASA thought the same, then they tested the EmDrive, and said there is some thrust, and they do not yet know what exactly generates it. Might yet not be reactionless at all.
Even easier, charged particle maser / plasma beam. Would be quite destructive too, I imagine.
As long as its not a yellow snow, thats about ok.
One thing for sure, I would not shit MYSELF.
He's probably busy torturing some poor soul. Or Hitler.
Yeah, cats do show affection. The difference is, their affection is sometimes akin to an abusive, toxic GF that you cant bring yourself not to love :&gt;
But only after you feed him.
even more, "you" in you, are actually a product of said brain's function! O.o bit mind-boggling.
We are soo doomed.
Seeing as feminists deem men as being below "people" status...well...
&gt; taking a gun to a knife fight. fight is not meant to be equal. fight is meant to be won, without fail.
Naaaah, no such thing as too big bus :)
yeah, Three Mile Island was mostly contained, thanks to said containment buildings. What got out of it, was mostly vented in a controlled fashion. So cant really compare those two :) For radiation related incidents, the one which gives me chills, was the Goania incident - which, while small, shows how much damage can be done because of human stupidity / ignorance.
and you are still fucked at the end!
Actually, radiative transfer is the only way to remove heat in space, and its quite ineffective. Thats the reason why space shuttle had to fly with cargo bay doors opened - inside parts of those doors were cooling system radiators.
Because people, statistically, are ignorant idiots. And 25% of them are even worse :)
Reactor fuel is 2-3% enrichment, so nowhere near a weapon grade material. Once the fuel gets into neutron-rich environment of a nuclear reactor, and starts fissioning on a mass scale, you get all sorts of radionuclide elements bred off that uranium, which constitute major radiation hazard. For comparison, you can handle unspent fuel elements by hand, with minimum protection needed, esp. compared to the hot cell and remote manipulators needed for spent fuel elements.
In gun type design, exactly this. In little boy's case, it was a ring shaped part as a target, and a cylindrical projectile to be put inside. In implosion type design, its more tricky - there is only one piece of fuel (usualy hollowed out spherical shape, and chemical explosive "lenses" around it, facing inwards. Once chemical explosives are initiated, they create a set of shockwaves all pointing at the fissile mass, compressing it to supercritical density. At the same moment, additional neutrons are inserted into the fuel, at the moment of optimal compression, initiating/boosting the reaction.
In a way, yes, but its waaay more complicated than just that :) material purity and machining tolerances are extreme, and wrong material used for some parts of a weapon can cause a design to be invalid (i.e. not working at all) - mostly this boils down to neutron reflectivity / opacity, and how any given material behaves in plasma state. Its even more true in thermonuclear / fusion weapon, where you also have to maintain proper xrays reactivity with materials, as the secondary (fusion) stage compression / heating depends on them. edit: also, managing of radiation flow within the weapon is crucial for a thermonuclear system, to achieve proper secondary compression.
No, its not my source of income - but its one of topics that interests me :)
I always said that heels are a torture device :)
Nothing is weird and too manly to do. Screw those people that tell you so, and do that regardless. Just do not screw them technically, they are not worth it! :)
Same here exactly.
Well, if christian dogma is correct, I was made by that god to be what I am. Therefore im either able to repent in some way, or are screwed anyway.
My friends daughter is nearly 5 years old now, and was fighting metastised cancer for the last year +/- few months now. Had one remissal after first chemo session, only for it to come back afterwards. Lost one kidney and half a lung. Still fighting, with second round of high dose chemo/radiotherapy now, and stem cell autotransplants. And they are still uncertain wheter or not she will live thru it. Worst hell for a parent I could ever possibly imagine. :/
There is a 5th degree burn, which is basically body flashing (sublimating) into steam.
&gt; more stable nuclei this is not always correct. Most breeded elements, actually, are unstable radioisotopes. &gt; This releases the total mass of the system as energy To be more exact, the part of the system that actually anihilates.
Male circumcision actually does have life-altering consequences, as the foreskin is very innervated, and carries much of touch feedback from sex. Performing it on an unwilling child is still mutilation, no matter the "benefits".
Also, 1000 mph is slow if you talk about a jet fighter. Some go 2-3 times faster when traveling max speed.
Overdose is basically taking much higher dose of a drug (legal or otherwise) - either to get more powerfull effect, or as sucide method. If it was the latter, the typical thing to do is to do closed (inpatient) psych evaluation for some time, to deduct wheter or not the person will do something like that again, or not.
That would be for women I think
So, effectively, automation? :&gt;
If you want to upgrade boilers, engines, miners, etc - you can always install some of bob's mods that do exactly that :)
Isn't that kinda point of RSO? :)
36 years old here. Over 250 hours in now, about 20-30 restarts with various mods. And loving it :)
Interesting, is there any good article source on this? :) I'd love to read more on this topic.
Also, for long time settlement on another planet, gravity might be a problem, as we already do know that a fetus relies on it to an extent in order to differentiate / organize properly - so a pre-birth child development in zero g / &lt;1 g could be theoretically, problematic.
welcome to the club of being banned from /r/relationships. I got banned because I told the guy not the take the GF back - bitch cheated, got pregnant with that guys kid, and wanted back to her cuckold to raise the kid with his work/money. LOL.
If she can unilaterally terminate, he should be allowed to unilaterally force that not happening, to be single father afterwards. Its only fair, especially as a woman can do that to a man, then get alimony.
And a man reaps the consequences of forced alimony. Fair/fair.
TBH, property damage by stupidity is not really comparable to messing with a device that's there to explicitly save someone's life in an emergency.
