EG could't find a stand in for Sumail?
sorry ID Fangays
cant wait for the EG gam... Oh wait.
2 or 3 good sets the rest i can't sell. No thanks
EG was only in this because they thought hey would only face JV teams.
they can't get a stand in for sumail ?
you mean how bad Twitch is?
A shuffle for your hero sets. 25% gold and exp when you deny a creep.
thats fine but if they don't win anything they are going to go broke. SO this won't work out for everyone
eg lost?
all the more reason to cheer on TS at TI5
Don't allow twitch to show Dota tourny problem solved
he is trying to get onto team Alliance
everyone on my fucking team doing there hero challenge. thats the worst thing
IIRC they have not taken the payment because they don't want to be double taxed
please be a photo chop
THIS. Game is't even playable right now with everyone trying to complete there hero and compendium challenges. They need to find another way for people to earn points.
no brewmaster no care
who ever wins i am sure valve will say they are perfect just they way they are.............right Void.............
I am unable to find a match. Is this not in the beta yet?
I hate EG so much
wait this is just for seeding ?
the en2 Cast is pretty bad who are these 2?
oh look more cry baby tears from a pro video game player. If you don't like your hotel feel free to pay to stay at a different one.
Players need a union to get 1st class flights 5 star hotel suites and to make sure every team gets paid just for showing up to a tournament
lol eg fan gays
PPD "i did't like the format"
PPD "we did't like the format"
i will quit this game if slark wins
purge........really
Merlini | Analyst Desk Sheever | Analyst Desk ......................wat
what a shit show.
they won WCA on a brand new patch playing nobody teams. They got shit on at the last major. Why do you cucks think they earned a invite?
The browns are the problem not there coach
Carr just got killed
this team goes in a new direction every 2 years.
lol this was good
Damn joe not a FA till 2019
you might as well shut down early no one is going out for ice cream during the game
Packers special: Chuck the ball 60 yards down field and have Erin tell the refs to call PI.
The only bigger cry baby the Aaron in the NFL is Brady. The Suh hit was a accident. Change your tampon already.
Why does Dom Cappers get so much TV time? I never see other teams DC brought up as much as him.
weak left side for that gb oline.
white cb....not good
how high are your right now?
because its the packers
knock that fat ass down
why the packers own his ass for the most part.
or the fact the whole D is on HGH
jesus christ more Ad's?
Its been 3 min since a commercial can one of you act hurt?
the blew it dead so what are they even talking about.
Clay and Rodgers have not played well enough to get into the pro bowl
HGH you taste so good.
cause he is abbrederis
TEDDY YOUR A FUCKIN DUMB ASS.
Teddy Farve
both
did't look like he had control
you know they had that one in waiting.
its Erin Rodgers and the Packers they will overturn it.
lol
I don't think the hoodie is good luck anymore.
no one cares about the diva's
watch the onside.
MIN is going to lose this i feel it in my bones.
what did i fucking tell you
lol looking for a flag.........
get the FG teddy will give ti back to you.
THANKS FARVE
MIN is trying to give up the game
push off that would have been OPI
how many chances are you going to give green bay
get ready for some of that great PREVENT D
please do another fake
because its a shit team from the top down.
prevent D
now that was a holding call they missed. Jesus
look at these slow ass WR on GB
no
I can not stand the excuses the radio guys on 620 AM come up with for this team
Ted is not the best GM IMO. Yea he drafted Clay and picked up Peppers(who i forgot was still on the team) but other then that....
you still hanging onto that?
Zyori
I disagree
Thanks Eli
#PrayForPeanut
So Roman will be #1 and Destroy everyone till its down to him and Brock or HHH. HHH or Brock will be the new champ. Fucking predictable and stupid.
if the game is't going on they need to remove it from the watch list. the first 5 games get the Lobby not found error.
YOU LOSE GOOD DAY SIR!
how long till they start selling this stuff to other people?
And now his watch has ended.
not everyone can coast like MM
OK Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
my wife keeps turning on the Hallmark channel. How much will the divorce cost me?
no one gives a fuck a bout the pro bowl stop doing it already
I DO god damn it
but it does seem that way.
just run it
Vince W is going to FUMBLE
good way to get JJ hurt
just leave JJ watt as a QB for FUCK SAKE
its a Hard has hell Nintendo game.
quick a time out Run 3 Ads
The sad thing about this whole thing is that Alex smith thinks he is good.
awwww go hug your alex smith Fat Head
then the cheap shot on the end
are u watching the same game as the rest of us?
what is that noise
awww its ok Kumar
nothing beats Jags dude
what team will Hoyer be on next year
omg
Rob McNair should be in his car at this point.
lol why is he makin Hoyer do this
ok can we turn this off and start the next game
THE PC BOWL
this a big son of a bitch
Simms is just bad
AJ hawk sighting
whoa
what was the USC?
come on PETCO
I mean AJ sucks dick
WOW THAT HIT.........bs flag
there is nothing wrong with that hit
So you need to let a WR catch the ball or else you get DPI now you need to let them catch the ball and run 5 yards before you can tackle them? fuck the nfl hope it is gone in 10 years
lol
He gone
wait Sims is doing the SB&gt;.....
what are the dota number compared to Lol? HoTS?
so when a PIT player gets the ball he is't a runner. This guy goes helmet to helmet and no call. Fuck the NFL
i hope the refs review the call and eject 50
Stay classy Shitsburg
man they done pissed off the Bengals now
whats your mmr bro
helmet to chest? he lead with this helmet and hit him in the facemask.
because no one wants to stay up till 11pm on a sunday night
ben got a shot
Vontez is going to get kicked from the game/cost cin the game
its really hard to argue that the NFL don't pick winners when you see how lopsided the calls/no calls are.
DOOM (domes) where built for fans
no sleeves these guys are nuts.
Bud Grant wash's his balls with ice water
not really funny
DC disband 3 2 1......
can we get a new brewmaster set jesus.
sounds like reddit
another axe set........
do they really think the world stops for them?
charlie and the Good Game Agency making up bullshit lies..........no way.
they should have moved the raiders to LA. I hope they go to San Antonio now fuck Jerry Jones
why did the Raiders give up on LA?
Who gives a shit about how many ads they run? Do you get this mad at the NFl when they run a 8 min block of ads? no you don't. Get up and walk around get a drink check facebook.
this is't a vavle tourny....
how so?
because the only people who care are race pimps like Al Sharpton
I smoke weed so the new england patriots should be able to as well.
try to be less butt hurt. I don't think jay is worth the money he gets so your comment really did't offend me. But even as bad as Jay is. He is still better then Matt.
to bad this would be in a chest where you will have a 1 and 12 chance to get on your first time.
what a cuck
to soon
how the fuck does this get down voted?
Bulldog can only play like 3 heroes.
Sort by New (suggested)
and every other team in the NFL north starts to laugh.
holy crap.
why is't OG in this thing?
dota players are sounding more ass hurt then League players.
if you play for the pats you never get ejected
11 on the pats is like come on ref we are the pats give it to us.
is there anyone worse then Mike Carey
now Mike Carey says he would reverse it.
alex smith can't win this game
"i'm going to deep dick aaron rodgers and the green bay packers" can you say that on CBS
its a classic
is that guy in the packer jacket lost?
looked like his ass cheek was down
sad for all the rams fans who just became KC fans.
GONK!!!!!!!!!!!
TURNING POINT!
lol of course packers want a rule changed when things don't go there way.
lol GG
21 nuttin
this looks over. Might be time to play some Dota
the packers lost in overtime.
jon favreau got fat
did we miss the first two downs?
pretty sure aikman needs dick pills
lol
2nd half
hey Bruce how hard did you laugh in Aaron rodgers face last night.
whats there to look at?
same way Rodgers got invited to the Pro Bowl
they hav't sacked Cam yet
you guys feel that shift......
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/012/132/thatsthejoke.jpg
what is this prevent D?
lol cam
olsen dead
