Hopefully.
If we could try shooting the fucking puck. You guys aren't talented enough to play like the Sedins.
Holy shit Weber can you please get the fuck out of our lineup?!
Weak goal, Blackwood.
How patriotic of you.
That *may* be the case (I personally disagree but it very well could be) but it could just be a timing thing. Look at how long it took Daniel to get his shot back after the Duncan Keith incident. Most sports don't have kids start playing in the majors until they're 22-24. If Virtanen is that old and still unable to make it in the NHL then I'll be worried. At 19? Yeah, definitely not.
Man, if we could snag Drouin under similar circumstances I would be over the fucking moon.
Ahh the old No True Scotsman argument. Whether Trekkies accept it or not, JJ's new Star Trek movies ARE Star Trek. You guys got your philosophical movies for *years* and you know what happened? They bombed. Film after film, until it looked like Star Trek might be done and then JJ stepped in and revitalized the franchise. Hopefully the success of these films will spawn a TV series for you guys or something, which is what Star Trek is far better suited for, and leave the blockbusters to be exactly that: Blockbusters.
Damn so close for Boeser!
Those are some silky hands
No he's probably jet lagged still
If he did that would be pretty fucking shameful of our fans.
DUDE WTF
No way we're winning one of these.
Barring Henrik's injuries getting more severe I could see the Twins sticking with the team at least another three seasons, probably involving them taking a discount on their next contracts. Would be unreal to see them as our second line once the kids get better. I'd assume Henrik stays captain during that tenure.
Yeah so, ya know, we need to get pucks to the net and get in on the forecheck, the other team is playing hard and we need to play a full two hundred foot game you know
Uh why the fuck is MacIntyre slamming Eddie Lack. Wtf?!
Holy fuck how did I totally forget Tanev lol Jesus.
Oh god when is this circle jerk gonna end? Get the fuck over it, it's four fucking games.
Ferraro was, if that helps give context to this.
Really? Cmon dude, it's 2005.
What? I know that, I was under the impression your comment was arguing that fact.
Dorsett is one of the hardest working Canucks on the ice. Don't hate him for the way Willie deploys him or how much Benning pays his. Prust? Different story. Cracknell is replaceable. But Dorsett I actually like being on the team, so long as he's glued to the fourth line.
Life always holds the uncertainty of death, no matter your profession. Who are we to judge others for what they do? "If you have a daughter you shouldn't be a policeman, or a firefighter, or a taxi driver, or a doctor, or a logger, or a miner, or an airplane pilot, etc etc..."
Again, no one is forcing you to click on these threads. If we want to talk about it we will. You're welcome to do your own thing.
Actually he probably would. One of my logging buddies had a tree fall on him three months or so back and once it healed was back out there. A couple weeks after he got back one of his buddies died on the job. Still went back. It's almost as if people can be aware of the risk and still make a choice on their own despite said risk.
Higgins in, McCann out? #justWilliethings
Never thought the award for Worst Suit Ever could go to anyone other than Don Cherry. Nope, not tonight. This singer man.
Can someone tell me why the fuck Dorsett is on with the Sedins?
Goddamnit Weber can you just stay in the dressing room?
Time for Dorsett, right?
Not his fault for getting stuck with Higgins. Brutal.
LUUUUUUUUUUUUU HOLY FUCK
When is an Edler slap shot *not* blocked immediately leading to a turnover?
Sooooo instead of a $5 Foot Long it's a $4 6 inch? Wtf Subway?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Way faster than I thought. Honestly liking what I'm seeing so far. Good hustle. Could just be adrenaline from a new team.
Practically nothing about the actual game, just a bunch of off-ice drama. Probably one of the worst Provies I've read.
I mean I get not wanting to switch up the Bo Bae Vrby line and Burrows has been invisible but *fucking Dorsett*??
I think the odd shift would be okay, maybe on a rush play up the ice. Jake's Hockey IQ doesn't mix well with the cycling but if he can just get in front of the net we'd be golden.
I don't think Vrbata even knows what that word means..
Just wait till the r/KassianGifs start rolling
But that's not what you said. You said no team goes from missing the playoffs to winning the Stanley Cup. Context does wonders.
If you're taking time out of your day to watch hockey wives then your opinion is kind of nullified about this.
At this point I can't even tell if people are being sarcastic or not.
Yeah but Bo and Baer are burning hot right now so they've kinda forced his hand.
Way to go.
Is that Mason Raymond in #26?
Is there another way to say it?
Prust doesn't do it enough to make him worth the roster spot. And he only does it against weak opponents.
Came here to say the same thing. Holy fuck the Provies need to stfu about the PA Plan and Gate controversies.
Draft position is literally irrelevant the second the Entry Draft is over.
And give up our only good defencemen to get him? We're not potential buyers for any superstars right now save the free agency.
Sooooo how does this affect the Canadian economy? It sounds like it is gonna hurt it more if there's more oil distributors selling, no?
As it should.
&gt; seen him do it a *few times* &gt; McCann *always* shoots low Alright buddy
Strange request.
And no call on the Baertschi tackle..
How do New York fans feel about the Utica Comets?
Would you prefer Weber?
Except it's way different than the Baertschi situation, if I'm not mistaken Baertschi's contract ran up and he said he wasn't going to re-sign with them, so they traded. He didn't bitch to the media, he didn't refuse to play, and it seemed fairly drama-free, minus the management calling him out publicly. Drouin is still on contract and is letting his agent act like a child and fuck with his career, which sounds an awful lot like what's happened with Johansen.
Best 2nd we've ever spent.
Still 1-0
God this line plays some pretty fucking hockey.
Good ol Jack
*knock knock*
Oi Edler. Nice recovery though.
Wow fuck off don't touch Tanev you fucks
Yeah I embellish all the time after getting my head slammed directly into the boards. Fuck right off, Tanev doesn't embellish.
Since the Tampa game? lol buddy it's been since waaaaay before then.
We are.
Kay is it pronounced Zaleski or Zalewski cuz it's definitely spelled like the latter but Shorthouse keeps saying the former.
Oh okay, I get it. Daniel was just saving this moment for against the Bruins. Beauty.
That movie had far too sloppy of a third act to get a nod for directing. Honestly I was surprised to even see it get a best screenplay nod
I posted this in another thread but I'm going to repost it because it seems relevant enough and anything I said on this thread would just be a re-hash of the same thing so: "Between Bo and Sven ramping up production and still having the scoring Sedin and both Markstrom and Miller playing lights out, Vey and Etem showing chemistry, Burrows sparking, and Sutter getting close to come back then yeah we're definitely no longer gonna be in the running for Matthews. We may not win every game but we are winning games, and getting points when we're not. We survived through a myriad of injuries and are slowly getting back to full health and are actually getting some secondary scoring (to the point where Bo Bae Vrbata are essentially our first line now). We got hit hard earlier this year because the kids weren't doing much, Vrbata was snake bitten, Higgins was here, and we had injuries left right and Center. Biega is in and Weber is out, and Prusts days as a Canuck may be numbered. Miller is back in attack mode. Unless we get another wave of injuries I'd say we're looking at a 10-15 pick (possibly lower if we make the playoffs), which I'm totally okay with. We got Shink at 24, McCann at 24, Demko at 36, so long as we nab some draft picks by the deadline we'll be good. Despite a top heavy Top 5, this draft year is deep and any picks from 10-35 and even beyond are looking solid. Priority being defencemen of course, but BPA is BPA."
Didn't they release a video of the lottery happening and they have representatives from every team in the room including impartial members of the gambling assosciation? There is millions and millions of dollars on the line for 14 different teams during the lottery, they're definitely not going to sit back and let unfair shady shit happen when their team's futures are in question.
Not minding the look of that Zalewski Dorsett Virtanen line
Yeah I checked the rest of the lines immediately after commenting and changed my comment. That's what I get for commenting after reading just the headline!
Oh obviously it's worth asking. Doesn't stop it from being fucking hilarious.
Yup, that's a hook.
Going on two full games right now
BO KNOWS
Back in the doghouse Vey holy fucking shit.
Baertschi McCann Virtanen all have gotten benched for next to nothing. Vey throws the puck in his own net? Let's play him hard in the last 4 minutes! #justWilliethings
Jesus Christ. 5 years ago and you guys won. Get over it.
God, please don't let this gorilla sign with the Canucks next year..
McCann? Couldn't agree more.
How would we have room for him? Who are you envisioning removing from the lineup? Especially when we have Shinkaruk and Gaunce coming up from Utica and Boeser following (hopefully) soon after?
Vrbata is already taking up too much space as it is. We can't replace him with another vet, if he goes we get younger, plain and simple. If not for the rest of the season then definitely by next September. We have too many prospects that need to be given a chance.
Oh god, please let LA re-sign him.
Alright, we get it, they're playing like shit.
Fair enough, all solid points. I obviously can't speak for the other guy but I guess I just misinterpreted a lot of what it sounds like Harrison said. Sorry for that and thanks for explaining!
I check during commercials or stoppages of play otherwise I only take in like half of the game.
Canucks have the sloppiest fucking changes. How do we not have this down by now?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, that post also went on to discuss a Virtanen for Hamonic trade happening, which (thank god) has not transpired. It's one thing to see a famous person retweet another famous person and guess they're dating but the real detective shit would come in on the trade part.
Pedan?
Oh I'd definitely prefer Schenn to,say, Bartkowski. I'm fine with adding him but only so long as it's not taking a roster spot from a prospect.
I'm Canadian and I say fuck em. What do we have to apologize for? Making it to the Stanley Cup Finals? Fuck outta here.
Why do we even have commentators in this game if we're just gonna listen to this couple babble on?
Other teams potentially wouldn't have as much incentive to pay big for Hamhuis, as Washington is far more likely to pay whatever it takes to get to the Cup this year with how good they've been doing.
Are those rival towns? Schools?
Plus rape. Like they know it's rape and dgaf.
This sub never lets the circle jerk die.
Every measurable way hey? Based on what? Where are these measurements?
Quantity over quality
How do you guys know these names?
"Willie if you don't shut the fuck up laugh out loud?" What?
Lol this sub is the farthest thing from an echo chamber. The only echoes on this sub are the comments we know are coming before they're even posted, which is mostly your personal content and a select few others. For the most part this sub is full of arguments and discussion and conflicting opinions, which by definition, is the opposite of an echo chamber.
Well when most of the team online forums consist almost entirely of knee-jerk Canucks fans posting at the quality of Facebook comments then that's not entirely surprising.
I'd prefer a single flag taking up the entire background
And who plays with the Sedins in this scenario?
Fair enough, never saw that. I did hear Oilers were shopping him at the deadline but obviously nothing transpired. I highly doubt Edmonton would go for Subban. He's tiny and has always been a huge question mark, and they'll probably be looking for someone they can throw in their lineup immediately. I would expect them to be looking for another Reinhart-tier trade in terms of what they're willing to give up for a better player, and a defenseman that isn't gonna spend more time in the AHL, so unlike the Reinhart trade in that respect.
I never said Hansen was a bona fide first liner, but he has excellent chemistry with the Sedins. He's fast and defensive and it compliments their style of play. He can cycle the puck and can battle hard along the boards, which was detrimental while Henrik was injured, and he's a good possession player. Burrows used to be all those things but has slowed with age and just isn't as good a fit as he used to be, and Virtanen has a long way to go before he'll be able to play in sync with the Sedins. That's what I'm saying. They tried a lot of different players with the Sedins last year. Grenier, Virtanen, Burrows, Vrbata, McCann, etc.. None of them seemed to mesh well, unlike Hansen who fit like a third Sedin. So my original question was who fits with the Sedins. We can't just throw people at the line and expect it to work, they have to play the right kind of hockey to benefit from being on their line. The Sedins aren't quite what they used to be, and can't singlehandedly do everything by themselves and then just feed the puck to score, at least they couldnt last year. Maybe Henrik will be back up to 100% this year but that's a big question mark right now. So if not Hansen, who?
Except he is completely different than Burrows because he's a poor sport. And a crybaby. Burrows is just antagonizing. Huge difference.
This is some of the greatest entertainment to every come out of politics.
You would've been shot by secret service
The original was definition waaaay better. The follow up was good buy incredibly sloppy and his wrist technique is awkward and stiff. Both good, but the original was by far the better performance. Also calling the piece not difficult is just a humble brag. It's a difficult piece, and he didn't even have it mastered. It's not the most difficult piece ever, that's for sure, but that doesn't make it elementary. I had to play that song on trumpet and it was difficult, mainly because of the tempo. Musically speaking it's pretty straight forward, but that doesn't mean it's not difficult.
Same with Shinkaruk and Bennett, no?
Because he had a shoulder(?) injury
Do they have to compete with eachother? I've seen both and fully enjoy both. Fun, wacky, creative, sporadic, introspective. One doesn't need to be better than the other, this is comedy, not boxing.
The contracts really aren't that bad, especially when comparing to what Anaheim just gave to Bieksa with $4M *and* a NMC. Everyone can agree that Sbisa didn't deserve a raise but at the end of the day its, what, $800,000 more than it should have been? Then most people were okay with the Dorsett contract after the 14-15 season and had an issue mainly with the term, which was 4 yrs and would have been better suited for 2 or 3 years. After his performance this year it didn't look as good because he didn't seem to have the same spark as the previous season. All in all though that's not debilitating or destructive long term. We have a ton of contracts coming off the books and most of our young players are on ELCs or are RFAs for the next several years. From Hamhuis to Vrbata to Burrows, Higgins, the Sedins and Miller in the next few years, the removal of Bieksa, Kesler, etc... Salary cap is not going to be a huge problem for us. Nobody should be over the moon angry about the Dorsett contract when we're paying Burrows $4.5M for the next two years. Purely from a money standpoint. Our Tanev contract is great. We'll see for Sutter. I honestly think people overhype the contracts. Obviously if every contract signed is bad it's gonna be trouble but this stage of our franchise is the perfect time to have a couple shitty contracts if we're gonna have them. This last season was pretty much the last season for a while we should be worried about cap space. Now obviously that's not a green card to go and waste money but complaining about an extra year in a term or an extra million on a contract that will be over by the time we're competitive again is silly IMO. We have a lot of issues to fix on this team but right now contracts are not our most pressing issue and having a few that aren't as nice as we'd like isn't going to cripple this team and certainly isn't proof of retarded management. Again, I'd rather pay Sbisa a little extra than have Bieksa *locked* up long term at $4M. Or Kesler at $7M. *Those* are destructive contracts. The Sedins won't re-sign at $7M. Most of our overpaid vets are on the way out. And again, all of the Sbisa and Dorsett and Miller contracts will be up by the time we're competitive again.
Lol okay buddy. Kid Cudi has been washed up for years. Saw him live and the dude forgot the lyrics to nearly every song. Embarrassing.
Just out of curiosity for anyone who knows, what was the time frame between the first rumors of relocation for the Thrashers to them actually moving to Winnipeg? If these rumors for Carolina are true, when should we be expecting shit to actually start happening?
Doesn't really matter, honestly. I need that up-to-date draft eligible prospect list. What's Be A GM mode without it?
Iirc it was Mr. Hudson that suggested it.
That's how I feel about Jealous by Nick Jonas. "You're so sexy beautiful" works a lot better than "you're so fucking beautiful"
As opposed to what? WaPo? CNN? MSNBC? Which one hasn't lost all credibility during this election cycle?
You have good parents.
It's not worth it.
It's great during summer. especially if you like hiking, fishing, hunting, etc. Relatively cheap as well in comparison to Vancouver. Other than that though there is little upside. Fine place to settle down though if that's what you're looking for. Be prepared for more rain than Vancouver though. By a lot.
And the guy you'd have to argue he's better than this year is placed three spots below him on this list. Lol WTF.
Plus Gudbranson and Virtanen once he hits his peak.
Hahahaha wow yeah totally missed that. My bad.
Which is why you give them someone like Griffin Reinhart who won't make an immediate impact at the NHL level and ruin your pick value
Sooooo... basically waivers..
Oh I entirely agree about moving Vrbata last summer. But good luck selling that to one of the most disruptive and meddling owners in the NHL who is more than likely trying to sell the team within the next few years and is therefore completely unwilling to sell anything of value for the good of the future. Seriously. People rag on Benning and Linden for this and that but at the end of the day this has been a problem since before their days. Gillis wanted the team blown up in 2012-13 but Ownership wouldn't allow it. Then we sucked, so they fired him and brought Benning in to win now. Benning then tried to explain that's not really possible and we need to tear it down. Ownership said fuck that. The Aquilinis are a destructive force hiding at the top of the Canucks organization and until they finally decide to sell the team we will never sell our Team MVP of the previous year during the off season, especially when we made the playoffs the year prior.
Except the beginning of the year basically does that, as once you've played enough professional games ie) been in the minors too long, you must be placed on waivers to be sent to the AHL. I mean, I get what you're saying with there being a deliberate draft, but the waiver system is essentially the same thing and accomplishes the same task. There are tons of players put on waivers at the beginning of the season, so many so that it's actually easier to sneak them through then than any other time. I'm not sure how this differs other than having an official event for it.
Plus what Stanley Cup chasing team has $14M in cap space? Even $7M if we max retained on both would be near impossible.
Very lucky.
Funny, I was actually thinking to myself the other day "wow it's been a while since I've read a report on some cop using excessive force" and wondered whether they just weren't being reported or if it had gotten any better out there. Guess that answers that.
Again, what are you arguing in relation to what I said? Did I say anything about Chicago? Gangs? No? Oh, okay.
Case in point: Crosby at the start of the season.
Lol.
If we take Bickell then we won't be as big of players at FA. Bickell was supposedly a part of the reason we didn't want to do the CHI trade at the TD, but that could be hearsay. I haven't paid much attention to Teuvo's performance the last season or two, how has he been doing?
Buying FA should always be something we're looking to do, even if it ends in us flipping them at the deadline or draft day for picks/prospects, something we should have done with Vrbata last summer. Free assets are free assets. Not grabbing any because you want to be a bottom feeding team for the foreseeable future is short sighted and not the way to run a hockey team.
Yes definitely that.
Wat
Typically jokes have a punchline
Baertschi is the only reason I'm okay with the Shinkaruk trade. Karma, I guess.
All you had to do was watch some of those 13 games last season when he was injured. Super depressing.
Alongside Boeser and Jost
They had some pretty slick chemistry playing for Team Sweden
The music is better than the video imo.
/1. Canucks (obviously, due to flair/username) /2. Winnipeg (Canadian team brimming with young talent + they're not divisional rivals) /3. Flames (I love hating the flames, but I do wish them the best and like a lot of their players) /4. Florida Panthers (these guys are basically Canucks 2.0 and I really love the relationship the two teams have had over the years) /5. Penguins (manage to be what should be a perennial cup challenger yet somehow I don't hate anyone on the team) /6. Toronto (despite loving to watch them flail, like the Flames I really do wish them the best and enjoy the idea of the other great Canadian hockey team, plus young teams (players) are always fun to watch) /7. Buffalo Sabres (Dominik Hasek is my favorite player of all time) - Then alllll the way at the bottom... - /28. Carolina Hurricanes (honestly 90% because of that Jersey, plus DAE Hartford?! /s) /29. Edmonton Oilers (hate the city, the jerseys, the colors, the history, the 10 years of utter darkness, the picks, the prospects, all of it. Really sad McDavid went through. Oh well.) /30. Boston Bruins (no words needed)
I couldn't care less what their opinions of us are. I don't base my feelings on those of others. I would hate the Bruins whether I was a Canucks fan or not.
That's all he does.
You're online. And this clip was available. Clearly cable is not required.
Neill isn't looking too bad either.
Him or DeBrincat if he's still available. Both players that could go far sooner in the draft if they weren't so risky.
New ownership more like it
That's not the question though, is it?
Sooooo what is Arizona giving us to jump up to #5? And why the fuck would we trade down all the way to #12? Edit: disregard, I'm an idiot.
I'm speaking from Edmonton's perspective, not Calgary's.
The last second line we ever had.
How do you pronounce that
Ovechkin, Lundqvist, The Sedins, Joe Thornton. Those are the typical answers at least.
The question was "in their career", so the answer is Ovi.
So Calgary plays the 14th against the Oilers and then the 15th against the Canucks? The season has just started why would they schedule back to back games right out of the gate?
...KneeJerk_Canuck is this your alternate?
Backup goaltenders tend not to have much value. I still think he should've couldve gone for a mid-low second but the goalie market is always fucking weird.
McDavid and Draisaitl are your 1-2 punch at center going forward. RNH isn't worth 6 million to be a third line center. Plus if you pick Dubois then for the future you're solid (potentially). More important for you to have a #1-#2 defenseman than an overpaid third liner. RNH value isn't gonna go up from here.
That's actually a good call. Vasi proved he can be a starter now, Bishops value will only go down from here on out. I could also see the Oilers making a run at him to backup Talbot.
No elite talent though. Some solid prospects but no bluechips.
Deep in the top 15. Other than that it's fairly average
Oh I forgot about your golden child. What's the timeline on him making the big leagues? Has he been signed yet?
Sorry, how? What do Markstrom and Bryzgalov have in common in the slightest?
Nothing crazy in here, but Kuzma always puts together pretty decent pieces, plus there isn't exactly an influx of quality posts here atm..
A significantly better team, apparently. Remember we beat Calgary 5-1 last year opening game iirc. And that was with last year's lineup.
October 7th.
Except at least Eichel deserved the Hobey.
As did everyone.
We don't need or want Shattenkirk. The Oilers have a more pressing need for him than we do.
How did you get involved with them?
Not to mention we literally *just* gave up McCann and the 33rd for Gudbranson, why on earth would we target Dumba?
Once a week, typically on Mondays. But yes, when they're on their missions they're not supposed to be distracted by their families or friends and are supposed to be doing their work.
Or they're just going up the order of projected players. I highly doubt Benning has shared his draft order with the Canucks YouTube media team.
I feel like he'd make an amazing 7-9 pick but is just a little too high risk to use a #5 pick on. Although I didn't pay much attention to Mississauga this year, so it could have been his teammates. He was the leading scorer on his team though.
Him and Kyle Connor.
Yeah what's even going on with you guys right now? Do you think you'll be doing a tear down in the next few years or just try to force through it? You have some good pieces but at the same time there's not a whole lot going on. Ottawa is the team I pick in Be A GM mode if I'm looking for a challenge. Obviously not real life, but still.
Well, there *is* Malcolm and Jordan
Yeah that's what I thought too. I haven't heard anything to the contrary so far.
This kid is Jonathan Drouin with a fraction of the talent.
I personally think it's a little ridiculous as is, and there should at least be compensation for the team that originally picked them in the draft.
Fingers crossed on a certain #18.
&gt; They succeeded despite their size, *which is better than someone succeeding because of their size.* Sorry, what words am I putting in your mouth? You made a point, I disagreed. You started this off by disagreeing with me, so it would seem that you *do* want to debate, you just don't want to be wrong.
Honestly, I haven't been disappointed with any of the moves so far. Obviously the McCann trade caught me off guard but I get what they're going for and I'm excited to see how it plays out. The draft is going to be an interesting day and even after the Trade Deadline and the Draft Lottery I still haven't learned not to get my hopes up. Here's to an exciting offseason.
Said everybody last offseason.
God, I want a Seattle team so fucking bad. Cmon Pacific Northwest rivalry!
No it is definitely not because it's too simplified. It is still far too detailed and complicated for them.
He'll never be a 1C on Edmonton. It's debatable how long he'll even be a 2C with Draisaitl coming.
