When you guys fire Crean, can you start an Indiana-Mizzou pipeline with Thomas Bryant? Thanks in advance.
The misuse of quotation marks in pointing out their spelling error doesn't reflect well on you.
Or just look at her eyes.
Compliance doesn't sell tickets.
In addition to that, even if you could "fix" them with counseling, they still have to live in the world with a body and mind that don't match, which means they'll always be some kind of an outcast. A trans woman with male anatomy trying to get fitted for new lingerie? Awkward. A trans man having to sit to pee? Also weird. Those small, daily reminders that you don't quite fit in basically ensure therapy will be a lifelong necessity for a lot of people. Yeah, they can love the body they have, but they can't make everyone else accept it and can't change that the world isn't designed for them. Surgery eliminates that.
Darrell Arthur says hi.
Aww, shucks. Roy didn't do anything that wasn't in the best interest for those kids. *sniff*
He knew exactly as much as he wanted to know.
There's a moment when you can see the treat up his sleeve. If the magic was lost, it was due to shitty magicians.
Am I the only one who thought LeBron's foot was on the line on his three to tie it at 96? I never saw a replay, but I would've loved to.
Really can't apply that to Marlo. He's more ambitious than that. More big picture. No, he's not a true suit-wearing businessman, but he lacks Avon's parochial view of his corners. He's more of a tyrannical amalgamation of the various pieces on the chess board, park Avon, part String and a dash of Prop Joe. Even part Greek.
Not that I'm disagreeing with your overall point, but why would you expect the LA Times to respond to a random person calling in about this?
Ordering a drink on a plane is not public speaking. Being nervous when talking to a large group of people is normal. Being nervous when engaging in a few seconds of one-on-one social interaction is not.
Or answering with "no, I played fine."
This is why LeBron will never match Jordan IMO.
I grew up in Missouri, so nothing resembling a local team to root for. I was a Sonics fan starting in the mid-’90s because I had an uncle who lived there and I thought he was cool. And Payton/Kemp were badasses. I was also a Magic fan because of Shaq/Penny. Around 2000, after those two duos split, I started following the Lakers (Shaq/Kobe; I have a soft spot for big dudes who try to kill the rim, especially when they play alongside a dynamic guard), but I still rooted for Seattle first (not that I had much access to their games in Missouri at the time). I did not follow the Sonics to OKC. Fuck the Thunder. I'm eagerly waiting the return of the NBA to Seattle. I'd hate to steal a team from another city…except Sacramento. They took the Kings from KC, which would have been my natural team growing up anyway. In the meantime, I'm still with the Lakers. But I also live in LA now, and they have two players on the roster from Mizzou, so it works out well for me. I also find myself casually rooting for teams with cool old-school style uniforms. Golden State, for example. A lot of teams are going to uniforms with that retro kinda feel, which is way better than the late '90s/early 2000s crap teams like Golden State and Seattle came up with.
Unless you're an environmental expert, there's just not much room to criticize here IMO. You're assuming they're downplaying a major issue because they have some interest in keeping tourist beaches open. Honestly, that seems a bit ridiculous to me. They have nothing to gain from shutting down a story about a major public health issue. In fact, they'd likely want to do the opposite. If they had credible sources confirming it was a public health risk but nothing was being done, they'd e all over that. That's the kind of story that can build a journalist's reputation and help a career take off. That's te kind of reporting that draws national attention to a publication and starts conversations about awards.
True, but Andy Lee took a step back last year. He's still good, but you have to wonder if he's still elite. A reliably above-average punter is valuable, but is it worth nearly $4 million on a team that's clearly rebuilding? I don't think so. Lee's value to the 49ers was far lower than what it was when he signed that contract.
It's possible those people in hazmat suits collected that tar from other beaches as a precaution then determined a broader beach closure was unnecessary at this time. I don't know the answer here, but I guarantee you there are several people at the Times who are all over it. A major newspaper isn't going to respond to every person who calls in, especially when it's relating to a major story they're already covering.
"I played fine." "So why did you lose?" "Because sometimes things don't go your way. We just need to keep playing our game and we'll be fine."
There are examples of players at every position failing in the NFL. That doesn't mean the Colts should've kept Manning in case Luck was a bust (an extreme example, I know). The truth is te 49ers ain't winning anything next year. That money can be better spent on players who will be part of the long-term future. There is a chance the rookie will blow, but there's also a chance he's really good and really cheap and becomes an essential part of the team for the next decade like Lee before him.
No kidding. A racehorse at top speed covers a lot of ground in two seconds.
Makes a link between Starks and WW seem more likely IMO.
A Skyrim-like game that depicted Robert's Rebellion…I'd buy that.
Gabbert … so goddamn painful. As a Mizzou fan, I've watched him plenty. Capable of such amazing plays, but there's just something lacking. His deep ball is a joke for someone with his arm, and he has zero composure when things break down. So sad.
Once asked what bible I'd been reading. That was interesting. But the hottest was when my girlfriend said "so that's what the back of my throat feels like." She is not at all into having foreign objects going down her throat, but she's very much into making me happy.
No. But that's the source of the joke. I'm sure PetCo has strict rules, too. The point, I suppose, is that these big box corporate pet stores are maybe not always the best place for a pet.
I would guess an independent groomer with one or two employees would be less likely to have that kind of irresponsibility than a corporate system where employees could feel more like cogs in a machine.
This. He says she never shares fantasies but doesn't say she's ever turned him down. Has he even tried to mix it up, or is he waiting for her to do it?
Also some north side of town that fit those qualifications. The Derby Ridge area isn't the nicest in Columbia, but it works.
Abhorrent on so many levels, but we should call him what he is. Going after a 15-year-old is illegal. It's rape. But it isn't pedophilia.
Leave us out of it.
Truth
But seriously, why hasn't that mom been reported to child services yet?
Which explains why the perv is doing this from Germany.
I dropped a couple F bombs in a kid's yearbook in 7th grade. South Park quotes (back in the early, early days). His mom went through his stuff to find his yearbook and called the school to report everyone who wrote bad words. I and a dozen other kids spent the last day of school scrubbing lockers. Because, you know, we were probably the only kids in the school who did that. Not like every yearbook ever is filled with profanity.
I wouldn't hate the 49ers throwing their hat in the ring.
Hopefully that's not a big if. Danario Alexander from Mizzou was the same. Stud in college but could never stay healthy. His one semi-full season in San Diego, he put up pro bowl numbers after being signed off the street mid-year. But he got hurt yet again.
Her opinion is that people of different races should be treated differently. That opinion has a real effect on her ability to do her job. Opinions on what adults should be able to do in the privacy of their own homes is not the same. Supporting the end of marijuana prohibition in no way affects her ability to do her job. Pro-marijuana beliefs won't lead to students being treated any differently. Likewise for same-sex marriage. At best, there would be indirect effects in the minds of the uber-conservative. What she posted, though, is a clear indication that she believes white students and black students shouldn't even be in the same classroom. What's she going to do if a black student and white student get in a fight? Or if she has a difficult parent-teacher conference with a black parent? A better analogy would be if she was proposing banning the gays and drug users from sending their children to her classroom. Which would also be awful.
We live in a country where teachers aren't valued. Pay them more and treat them like professionals, and you'll attract better candidates. As it is, you get a lot of double digit IQ types because they're often the ones willing to put up with it more than a few years. "Those who can't do teach" is kinda true because those who can do have options more often than not. Source: former teacher
Fuck all those people.
10 hours later, literally every single "fuck you" response is from a Mizzou or Kansas fan. Also, fuck you.
I'm sure it's possible to be an ignorant and racist teacher and still do the job well, but I'd rather those types not teach my kids.
Generally I agree, but even on a bad team, a quality line is important IMO. Harder to develop young players when the line sucks.
A certain kind of person loves to criticize liberal approaches to kids playing with toy guns. Spineless hippies that won't let their kid have a toy. Socialist school administrators who flip out at just the mention of a gun. Try suggesting a ban at Wal-Mart on toy guns and see what happens. And then those same types turn around and say it's Tamir's fault because he shouldn't have had the toy.
Probably right. And what should probably happen is the cops show up and calmly explain why it's a bad idea.
Looks like they had an itchy trigger finger and went lookin for action hero stuff.
Three months of unpaid vacation and 60+ hour work weeks the other nine months and a salary that gets eaten into by the need to buy your own supplies for your classroom. You can live a decent lower middle class life as a teacher. But there is pretty much no hope for much better. And you're going to be shit on by students, parents, politicians and the general public constantly. I quit teaching and now do maybe a third of the work. I get to do awesome things, and anyone who I tell about my job gets excited. And I get paid more. There isn't a good teacher anywhere who wouldn't make more and work less in another field.
Nothing except it scares people so they throw it on any attempt at fearmongering.
How long do you think it takes to get to that salary? That's the absolute highest a teacher can go after multiple degrees and a couple decades on the job. $37k is more than new teachers make in 38 states. A $30k/year job at 22 isn't the worst thing in the world…except when you see your peers getting twice that in the private sector. Or when you see mail carriers make more than that on day one with no degree or debt. Or when you calculate your hourly wage and realize you'd make more as a waiter. Teachers aren't living below the poverty line. That isn't the point. The point is that anyone who has talent can easily make more in the private sector, which leads to a public education filled with teachers who are there because they have no other option. Teachers aren't paid well relative to what they'd be worth in other jobs, and they're not compensated well relative to their ability against their peers. The best teacher gets paid the same as the worst.
You're really struggling here, aren't you? It's not that it's a horrible job. It's that it's far less than what talented people would get in other fields. As I already said, you can live a comfortable lower-middle class life as a teacher. But that's basically the peak for most people. If you're content with that, great. Most talented and intelligent people aren't. You clearly have never done it. Your entire argument is based on numbers on a computer screen.
Tell me more about how teachers are respected in our society…
Thank you for repeatedly proving the point. People like you are why we have teachers like this woman.
&gt; Oh fuck off. I see you're a mature one. Hope your summer break goes well. &gt; Teachers these days complain about the system but never do anything to throw a wrench in it. Because the ones who would want that change the most are often the ones who leave the profession or avoid it in the first place. Many who remain are content with an inadequate system that encourages mediocrity. And when teachers do push for change, they get push back even harder by a society full of pricks like you who don't respect them enough to enact any positive reform. &gt; They sit idly by while the administrators fuck everything up, enact zero tolerance policies and all sorts of other horseshit. Except when they don't. I could list examples of districts where teachers pushed back against bad policies, but you should be able to find those on your own if you're actually interested in having an informed opinion on this instead of just spouting ignorant bullshit. You won't find any more resistance to bad policies in any other field. People have a tendency to comply with new rules set by people who can have them fired. &gt; Much like cops you take a civil service job you should be more interested in helping society than a paycheck, a higher standard is to be expected. And much like cops, the rewards don't match the demands of the job, so we end up with teachers who are ill-suited for the profession. In the real world, the amount of people who will accept the abstract rewards of civil service in lieu of a better paycheck is far lower than the amount we need. You can't send your kids to college on good deeds.
Because Kanye fuckin West needs to sneak in anywhere. Not buying this. He got in because he's Kanye.
Just a regular creepy uncle with a football dream forever unrealized.
I don't think you get what wanting it both ways actually means…
The *idea of teaching* isn't respected, and good ones are lumped in with the bad by the system and society. Society does not value the role teachers play. And because of that, a lot of talented would-be teachers find work elsewhere. Very simple ideas that have flown well above your head, apparently.
I was going to go with rapey, but Uncle Rico never raped anyone.
And then there are cases where cultural appropriation is actually offensive, such as white people casually donning American Indian headdresses. Commit genocide, systematically wipe out almost all traces of what culture remains … and then adopt their deeply spiritual cultural icons as a fashion statement? Sure. Why not…
Sarcasm noted. But: http://www.mtv.com/news/1837578/why-you-should-not-wear-headdresses/ http://www.theguardian.com/fashion/2014/jul/30/why-the-fashion-headdress-must-be-stopped http://www.cosmopolitan.com/style-beauty/fashion/advice/a38218/native-american-headdress-music-festival/ http://nativeappropriations.com/2010/04/but-why-cant-i-wear-a-hipster-headdress.html Complaints about cultural appropriation are almost always stupid. But there are some lines decent people don't intentionally cross. Turning other cultures into caricatures for your own casual entertainment is generally one of those lines.
I mean, I'm not a fan. Mostly because their music is kinda bad. Being upset is a choice, in a way. So is continuing to be a dick when you learn that you're being offensive by treating someone's sacred objects as a hat or dressing up as caricatures for a minstrel show or the like.
As far as I'm concerned, the Lost World and JPIII do not exist. This is the real sequel.
Rhyme
I didn't know that going in, as I paid very little attention to the promotion for the film. I did watch a trailer or two, but I didn't exactly analyzed them. I went in with a pretty clean slate (as much as you can for a movie like this). Glad I did.
Or enough money to get you killed by someone who has almost everything.
I've always had a time accepting true modesty from a guy who's gone by King since he was a teenager.
If Wikipedia was hosting copyrighted images, those constant donation drives would be for legal fees on their never-ending lawsuits.
The worst is when I see product placement in real life. All those fucking kids with their beats headphones at the mall really piss me off and detract from the realism of real life. Like, why can't kids today wear made-up brands?
-ae is a feminine plural suffix in Latin (alumnae as an everyday English example). So yeah, looks feminine if it has to have a gender.
The most *out of the 10 whole teams they looked at.* Florida's probably near the top regardless, but this recent round of OTL "investigations" is not a comprehensive dig into crime and college athletes. They cherry picked info from a small number of schools.
Lots of worthless fucks on tigerboard, but not many who actually support DGB in that case. You go to any fan board after a star gets arrested, and you'll find abhorrent comments directed at the victim. And you'll also find a lot of tongue in cheek "snitches get stitches" comments. At the time those comments were posted, though, I don't believe anyone knew it was a domestic violence situation. Also, Lawrence Phillips.
His shot looked like mine today. I am not good.
Except when he did in 2007. And in 2011.
With as much contact as there is, you think those germs aren't getting spread already? This is why we have immune systems. A little bacteria from a healthy mouth isn't going to hurt anyone.
Wilt was a statistical beast, too. Only won two rings.
Or like Golden State is defending Cleveland with the intent of forcing LeBron to do everything, knowing full well he'll put up insane numbers and still probably lose.
I'm not predicting it or anything, but LeBron and Love are both on a player option…
He has more than 21 points of help, but Golden State has done well to take away anything else Cleveland has left.
I really can't see LeBron leaving, but you have to wonder at least a little why he wanted that player option in there. Part of me thinks he maybe wanted to roll back into Cleveland, break the curse in year one and opt out for somewhere else. Regardless of what he does, though, I'd be pissed (if I were a Cleveland fan) at that Love trade.
*LeBron best ever!* More your speed?
He would've if he could've :( Edit: He actually did play the Sonics several times, of course. In eight games, LeBron went 4-4 vs. the Sonics. He averaged 26/8/5 in wins and 33/5/8 in losses. So basically it's a statistical fact that LeBron wins more when he lets his teammates do more instead of trying to score or assist on every basket. That eight-game sample size against what was a pretty bad team for most of those years proves it.
I haven't seen it yet, but more subtle grammar corrections was high on my wish list.
China and much of Asia has gone without dairy for thousands of years already. Most of them can't handle it as a result. I'm not going to worry about their dairy industry. The rest of the milk-drinking world has been doing fine without China's contributions.
When they're using California water to do it, yeah, I'll tell them what to eat. They don't need it. We're using a scarce resource to grow unnecessary crops.
No, he's referring to illegal defense: "Prior to the 2001–2002 NBA season, any form of zone defense was considered an illegal defense violation and resulted in a warning on the first violation and then a technical foul for any subsequent violations." https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defensive_three-second_violation
I see you struggle with sarcasm.
Don't we pay farmers NOT to grow stuff in this country? I imagine there are ways to make sure we're all still fed without wasting California's water.
I'm all for limiting wasteful residential and commercial water use for landscaping, but that's not really going to change anything. If we stop propping up corn/soy farmers in Iowa and instead encourage them to actually grow food, we'd solve a lot of problems. I realize corn and soy are used in a lot of things, but that's largely because they're cheap, and they're cheap because of subsidies. (Transplanted Missourian)
If sex with you gives her nothing but a physical pleasure, then she doesn't love you. In a healthy relationship, sex is much more than something that feels good when you do it.
With those two, Cleveland's defense gets worse, the best rebounder in the series rides the pine, and Golden State is still the better team.
"This far" was 2-3. He was playing one-on-five for all of five games.
Or perhaps LeBron breaks 40% from the field.
MVP is not the best player award. Nor is it a "the rest of his team sucks" award.
Doesn't take a fighter pilot to see that having the entire offense generated by one guy probably isn't the best idea. That has pretty much never been enough to win a championship. Certainly not in the modern era. His teammates sucked, but the coaching staff (and LeBron) should have tried to find ways to get them involved anyway. LeBron vs. the Warriors was a recipe for failure.
Like Jordan vs. the Suns but not quite as good.
Those stats with a good shooting percentage in a seven-game series take it even if they lose.
That context doesn't make his shooting percentages better. It just points out that his team sucked. If he puts up similar numbers but does it while hitting 50% from the field instead of 39%, he wins it easily.
&gt; LEBRON-ing &gt; Definition: Putting the team on your back &gt; *and losing.*
Mozgov had 28 in game four. Barely played the next game. Cleveland went all in on the idea that LeBron was the only option, but he really wasn't.
Cleveland shot 39% from the field as a team. LeBron shot 39% himself. His teammates shot the exact same percentage as he did from the field. His teammates averaged 1.33 points per field goal attempt. LeBron, 0.99. So yes, he had a choice. He led a mediocre team to the finals in 2007 by beating a .500 Wizards squad that was without its two best players, a 41- win Nets team that relied on old guys and didn't have a single 20 ppg scorer, and a solid but shell shocked Detroit team. Then they faced a good team and got swept. He's obviously a great player. No one has ever suggested otherwise. But he can't win a championship by himself. No one can. Attempting to do so was essentially giving up.
Games aren't won in the box score. It's not about a different lineup. It's about doing something different with the same lineup because what you've done before clearly won't work. Those shooting percentages are not indicative of the talent on that roster. If it were, none of those players would be on NBA rosters.
Probably a lot. The Cavs had a huge advantage inside and failed to use it. Whether LeBron initiates the offense or not, to have a 6+ inch advantage at center with a guy who isn't a useless stiff and not use it is absurd.
:(
No, the game where LeBron went 7-22 from the field and Cleveland's other perimeter players went a combined 7-38. The obvious move, naturally, was to have those guards shoot just as much 11-35 in the next game) and bench Mozgov (1 FG attempt). Or, just a thought, don't have JR and Dellavedova and Shumpert launching jumper after jumper.
You don't have to take it out of his hands to do something different.
No, I know you didn't mean Klay. I just was trying to help you understand his point. I assumed you misunderstood him because what you seemed to be suggesting was ridiculous. Turns out you really do know that little about the game. Down double figures with six minutes to go is not time to start hoisting bad jumpers or abandon smart basketball. LeBron was 5-12 in the final quarter. All five made baskets were layups or dunks. He hasn't been consistently hitting jumpers all playoffs long. With that much time left, there is no reason not to keep trying to get inside, where he has a huge advantage over anyone Golden State could put on him. Not only are those better looks for LeBron, but they also open up looks for other Cavs players. I assumed maybe you'd understand that much, as it's pretty simple. I figured you missed his point. But no. You were going off on a tangent about running the offense through Tristan Thompson for some stupid reason.
Golden State scored 103 with Mozgov apparently being a huge liability. They scored 104 when he was benched. Blatt and LeBron were reactionary all series long. They did what Golden State wanted them to do instead of forcing GS to adjust to them. They played this series like a teenager playing 2k. It's embarrassing to see that on this stage.
Go to bed. You clearly need some sleep.
Self-driving cars *might be* better *someday*. They aren't now, and won't be for a while.
Seems like two distinct groups on one sub to me.
MVP has never been taken literally, though.
Well, the former led to four wins…
29. I remember the Suns series. Dan Majorly had a funny name (because I was 8 and I didn't know how to pronounce Majerle on Bulls vs. Lakers on my Genesis).
LeBron is Wilt. Jordan is Russell. Both are great players. But there's just something different about them.
Only time prime Jordan got tired was during the Magic series in his comeback season. You would never, ever catch Jordan struggling because he ran out of gas in a series.
He's not close now. Maybe not ever. But he's a hell of a lot better than what Cleveland has left on the wing now. LeBron has never played with a player like Wiggins. A shame he probably never will.
My own personal tinfoil on Stannis (I'm sure considered by others, but I haven't seen it) is not only that he's alive but also that he ends up in the Night's Watch. We know the Night's Watch and the wall will be important. Even if Jon is Azor Ahai reborn, the Night's Watch is still weak, both from a manpower point of view and in terms of characters anyone is interested in. Sending Stannis to the wall solves both problems. I'd love to see him show up and institute his sense of justice on that bunch of mutineers while Jon, relieved from his oath in his reborn state, goes on to bigger and better things. Stannis thought he was king. Lord Commander would be a good consolation prize, all things considered.
I want to see that conversation go down so bad. Tristayne offering up Jaime. Dany getting the chance to avenge her father. Tyrion urging a prudent approach that spares Jaime, as he was really just showing mercy to the realm when he killed her father. Bronn doing Bronn things in the background. Varys doing Varys things. Plus Grey Worm, Missandei and dragons. And maybe a new khalasar. I'm struggling to find any downside to the story going in that direction.
McGrady was still a high schooler when Shaq signed with the Lakers. His wingman in Orlando was Penny. He was healthy for all but the final 20 or so games of Shaq's time in Orlando. Then Shaq left and Penny broke down, and THEN they brought in McGrady and Hill (and tried for Duncan). Basically they had two different duos in a five-year window, and each would have been absolutely dominant if they could keep them signed and healthy. Gotta feel bad for the Magic.
I hate when I initiate a conversation or debate with someone only to discover after it's too late that they're on reddit because school's out for summer.
Someone should sign Kleiza simply so the world can see him play against the Jazz now. A not so secret rumor in Missouri is that when Quin was coaching at Mizzou, he slept with Kleiza's girlfriend. Shortly thereafter, Kleiza went pro and Quin got divorced (and then fired).
I kinda prefer it without that tension. I always liked their brotherly relationship. One of the few healthy relationships in the show, and the show could definitely use a touch of that at times.
Or, you know, just don't be a dick. That would solve the problem, too.
Not this shit again. People doing what they're supposed to do is not news. No one is trying to suppress this. The role of the media is not to make you feel good about the world. It's damn near the opposite. It's to put a spotlight on the bad so the public can be informed and enact change.
And this was covered by the local news, which is why you know about it. It deserves nothing more.
Thievery is not a capital offense. Stuff isn't worth killing over.
No, but the victim of either crime would have reasonable cause to believe the act would result in grave bodily injury. Killing the perp would be justified as self-defense.
Not a dinosaur model for the millions of people who don't spend all day trolling the Internet to know what's happening in the world. And what you do find online is usually the result of dinosaur journalists doing work for that dinosaur model.
That idea is promoted most often IMO by young LeBron fans, kids who have had their worldview shaped by LeBron, Kanye, etc. There's a certain part of our society right now that seems eager to prop a certain class of celebrity into American Royalty status, and they can do no wrong (add Jay Z and Beyoncé to that). Not only is it shortsighted, but it's pretty much unamerican.
The media should not be expected or asked to state the obvious.
It's simple. If there is the threat of physical force, either explicit or implicit, then the return of force in kind to the reasonably anticipated threat is justified until there is no longer a threat. So yes, I would expect force if I were the criminal in that situation. If there is no threat of physical force, you cannot justify force. It's an irrational response. It depends on *how* you steal from someone. The theft itself doesn't merit a violent response. There's really no threat of physical harm when a prostitute takes your cash then runs away.
The problem with that is that you don't know the statistics. You're asking the media to report based on an assumption that all is well.
Your problem here isn't with the media, really. It's with the police. They throw up every possible obstacle they can to the media (and the public) getting any information like that. And that's part of the problem. It's not that there are a few bad cops. It's that there are a few bad cops and a rank and file and system that shield those few bad cops from any meaningful investigation. The story from the media is hardly that half of all cops are bad.
That's simply not true. The media is not out to get the police.
That is really not how it works.
Holy shit. Seriously? I cannot believe they'd refuse to lower it with the U.S. flag. That is absurd.
&gt; person(s) breaking into MY home It wasn't his home, and they weren't breaking in.
Not even about protecting stuff here. It was about revenge for taking stuff.
If I'm killed by a neighbor who mistakes me for a criminal breaking in, the fact that the neighbor *might* end up in jail is not really going to help me much.
Let's see video of you. I'm sure it's impressive.
Do people still pretend gamer gate was about ethics in journalism?
Phil: "Did you see how bad Iman and JR were? Cavs are suckers."
It does not. Legally, you do not have the right to take pictures on private property. But you can take pics of things on private property from a public street. Either way, the guy was a douche. If I were in that situation, I'd apologize, delete the pics, calmly pull out of the lot, park legally on the street and take the pics again. Making sure the asshole saw me do it.
It's private property with public access. Even on private property that's open to the public, the owner retains the right to deny photography, which they clearly did here.
http://www.krages.com/ThePhotographersRight.pdf You can assume it's fine until you're told it's not. In this case, he was (by an asshole who went too far in forcing him to delete the pictures, which he can't do). He did nothing wrong in taking the pictures, but there was also nothing illegal about forcing him to stop.
Well, Richard Sherman *is* kind of a dick. But it's still not quite the same. He was a third-round pick, not the self-anointed chosen one who was viewed as potentially the best player ever from the time he was a teenager. Plus, Sherman embraces his villain role. This rule really only applies to people who tattoo their messiah status across their back.
http://deadspin.com/is-pete-carroll-a-9-11-truther-513149713
Roy's just concerned about his keeeids. And also making sure he wins. But mostly the keeids.
That would definitely change things. I assumed he was an employee, who would have the authority to stop it if he knew photography without permission wasn't allowed.
OP said he was not the owner of the car.
&gt; A guy comes over and I assume he's an owner of one of them. He starts by asking if I was looking for anyone. I say no, I was just admiring these cars, and **asked if they were his. He says "No**, but do you have permission to take those pictures?" An employee wouldn't necessarily know if he had permission but could know photography without permission isn't allowed.
And then there's the actual rape part. Women have by far received the short end of the stick here.
Trade pick and Randle for Cousins. Sign Love. That's a pretty solid front court. A healthy Kobe plus those two (and Clarkson and filler) is a team primed for a deep playoff run. Of course, I have no idea if it's even possible, let alone whether Sacramento would do it.
&gt; Wouldn't you guys like a lineup of: &gt; PG) ~~Some FA~~Clarkson &gt; SG) Kobe &gt; SF) Randle &gt; PF) Love &gt; C) Okafor
Certainly wouldn't be a lock for greatness. However, Randle is coming off a serious injury himself, and he's proven nothing. Is he safer than Love? Cousins is a bit of a loose cannon by reputation, but a lot of good players have been. Rodman wasn't exactly sane, and he won three titles with Chicago. And although Okafor doesn't have that kind of reputation, are we sure he can give the Lakers 20/10 every night? It'd be risky, sure, but I think it'd work. Then again, I think Clarkson/Kobe/Carroll/Randle/Love/Okafor works, too. (Don't know what FA looks like, but Carroll and Love, if adding both, would work well IMO, then Randle comes off the bench.)
Except actual rape is still incredibly difficult to prosecute.
These poor, persecuted guys have an easy way out here. Don't have sex with drunk women.
I'd prefer to let cops keep guns but not actually carry them. Keep the guns locked in the car.
I'm not blaming the women, so no. If she can't legally consent, don't sleepy with her. Not hard to avoid.
Oh, I know whom you were referring to. I'm just not going along with your "men are the *real* victims here" obfuscation of the real issue. Yes, sometimes false rape accusations happen. Far more often, real rape has gone and continues to go unpunished.
As someone who played the original EQ mostly solo, I'm all for a game that makes soloing dangerous. Grouping wasn't my thing, but easy soloing isn't, either. The constant danger of playing alone made it more fun.
Probably a good idea.
Especially when this hypothetical offers both. You get a young core that can grow and potentially dominate in Clarkson, Randle and Hezonja. And you also get Cousins. It's not like the Warriors drafted all those guys, either. Bogut, Iguadala and Lee were all guys they signed or traded for. They formed a pretty substantial part of that roster.
Three guys who *might* be as good as we know Clarkson already is (but I wouldn't expect it).
Agree, and LeBron is particularly bad at that IMO.
Anyone who wants to get on the LeBron train (or any train for that matter) needs to learn the history IMO. Far too many people who I assume are young fans proclaiming LeBron the best ever, does things no one else ever has, etc. but they can't put LeBron in accurate context. Yes, he's great. One of the very best ever. But you could still make a legitimate argument that he's just barely in the top 10 all-time quite easily (Jordan, Bird, Magic, Wilt, Russell, Kareem, Kobe, Shaq, Duncan off the top of my head all have legit claims above him IMO). Annoys me to see the history so easily ignored. I'd love to see the NBA put more old footage online. Would really help give context to what we see today.
Speaking of longevity, LeBron has played more games/minutes than both Magic and Bird. He'll pass Jordan (pre-Wizards) in both by the all-star break next year. Anything he does from this point forward is just icing on the cake. He's already had a full career. The GOAT arguments will eventually shift from "what if LeBron had teammates?" to that plus "what if you take out Vird's back, Magic's HIV and Jordan's two early retirements?" because LeBron is likely going to dwarf them all in statistical achievements and cumulative awards (doubt he catches Jordan's six rings, though).
Also why Bird and Magic are often overlooked a bit in discussing the greats. They by all rights should be listed right there with Jordan, Wilt, KAJ, etc. They often are, but not as often as they should be, largely because they stopped being great right around 30.
It's certainly possible, but you also have to factor in his age. He's four rings behind with maybe that many years left before he starts to decline. And that's if he's healthy. With all the minutes he's played, we could conceivably be seeing the last couple years of LeBron being a serious title contender, at least in the sense that he can carry a team mostly by himself to finals appearances. I think he finishes with at most four, and I think three is more likely.
You would think so, but IMO (unpopular opinion maybe) GRRM has often introduced major things without knowing how to resolve them. It's one of his biggest flaws as a writer.
I didn't say they were better. I said you could make an argument. Kobe has five rings. OR put up insane individual numbers. Would I say OR was better? Definitely not. But I don't think you'd be ridiculous to entertain the idea. On Kobe, I'd say LeBron has some catching up to do. They are very different players, and both among the best ever. Kobe's rings carry a lot of weight with me.
I'm talking specific contexts only (such as this subreddit, which IMO has a tendency to lean toward the group you described in that first paragraph). I agree that anyone who knows basketball history knows their place in it. I just have less faith than you do that many fans know it.
Don't disagree with any of that. LeBron has accomplished more, and the eras are totally different. But if LeBron's career ended today, people looking back in 20-30 years could easily make a case that LeBron is in a group behind Jordan, Bird, Magic and Russell (off the top of my head, the four best ever), the same group that includes Wilt, KAJ, OR, Duncan, Shaq, etc. That's if LeBron's career ended now. It isn't. He's going to keep adding to his resume and should get to that top five easily. But IMO it'll still take a lot to jump past anyone in that top four.
Time for California Love part motherfuckin two without Mbah a Moute.
That lineup would suck a fat one.
That's assuming Cousins will stay in Sacramento long enough to win anything there. Good chance he wouldn't. In Okafor, they could add a player capable of replicating much of what Cousins brings but with a better attitude. It won't happen right away, but the Kings aren't in right away mode. They're a bad team with DMC, and they're not likely to get that much better with him IMO.
Win them back … in Seattle!
Jabari did score 30 points one time. And I bet he didn't smile a single time while doing it.
You don't think the No. 2 pick in the draft, the guy many say has the best low-post game of any center prospect since Duncan, could conceivably become that good? Sacramento might want to win now, but they're not even close to being built for that.
Valid point. Doesn't completely negate that dozens of teams have been mired in mediocrity for years at one point or another, though. They could turn things around quickly, but they could also see nothing get better. And in three years, Cousins' contract is up. I'd say two years of lotto picks and a Cousins trade before he becomes a UFA (a Love for Wiggins sort of deal, perhaps? Jayson Tatum will be in that class) is more likely than DMC leading them to a title. I wouldn't really fault them either way.
&gt; A competent GM/owner/coach trio could make great use of that core and bring it to contention in 2-3 years. Therein lies the rub. They're kind of in the same place as the Grizzlies of 2010. Make the right moves, and they could make some noise in a few years. If it were that easy, though…
No. I'm not. *Could.* Okafor is a damn good prospect, and yes, he *could* be on Cousins' level. Maybe better. Or maybe not even close. That is beside the point.
I don't disagree. I don't think trading him would necessarily be the right move. But I also don't know Cousins. I don't know what he thinks about Sacramento. I don't know how well that team can really gel. There are a lot of factors that go into building around him that we just don't know. We also don't know what Okafor will be. Or Randle, for that matter. Both are obviously talented guys with a ton of potential. It's plausible that a scenario could play out where Okafor and Randle together become more valuable than Cousins. The right move could be keeping Cousins. Or it could be trading him to the Lakers for the No. 2, Randle and change. Or it could be neither. IMO there are a lot of defensible moves depending on those factors fans can't know. And either way, the Sonics still won't exist. So screw 'em all.
I'm saying there is more than one way to get to 20/10.
Analytics have gone too far.
Should just do away with divisions then.
It's legally fictional rape.
I'm aware of his reputation and loved following his work during that election, but 538 as a sports website is more often than not a stretch IMO (and yes, I know he also has a background in baseball analytics).
I was excited when 538 was announced, but it's been a huge letdown.
Or a commentary on the absurdity of unpaid internships in corporate America.
I'd forgotten how great that commercial was. And all his commercials, really.
I can't imagine being *that* damn good at something. A room filled with people looking on, awestruck, as I just mess around and *still* am light years better than any of them.
More international talent, arguably worse American talent. And more teams to counter any increase in talent.
Another top recruit Bill Self molded into a star…
Team-oriented players are expected to sign a series of short contracts with player options so they can hold management hostage and resign for more money as often as possible, maybe.
His contract is hardly the only reason the Lakers suck. Losing Gasol, the failed Nash/Howard trades, and LA's inability to draft a single good player in recent memory until Jordan Clarkson have a lot more to do with it.
If you wanna blame Kobe for their inability to land talent in FA, I'd look first at the apparent fact that no one really wants to play with him. They have (and have had) money to spend, but they haven't had any takers. His contract certainly doesn't help, but they haven't been totally without options.
Josh Selby says hi.
I love that they were like "we're going to bring data-based journalism into the mainstream!" But then it's mostly bullshit stories with contrived statistical "analysis" to support that bullshit. The 538 that was supported by The New York Times for election coverage was groundbreaking. The ESPN-supporter version, to the surprise of no one, is less real journalism and lots of gimmicky fluff.
