Thankyou! Nice to think I wrote something that struck a chord.
What do you mean by 'heard, understand &amp; reject islam'? I've never partiicularly heard it, I've certainly never understood it, and yet neither have I explicitly rejected it. If you just plain don't understand it do you consider that rejecting it?
No. No no no no no.
Largely for historical reasons. Despite the fact that 17th century Europe was heavily religious, it wasn't enough for the Puritans, so a lot of them sailed to the Americas to set up communities where they could be free (if 'free' is the word) to practise Puritanism to their heart's content. For this reason whole swathes of the US were populated by heavily religious communities while Europe emptied of the most fundamental Christians.
&gt; absurdly American centric I'm not American. OK - I'll re-word my sentence: Europe emptied of the most fundamentalist brand of Christianity. Better?
I was trying (perhaps not very well) to say that there are examples where regimes have convinced enough people that a particular group are to blame for the ills in society to be able to persuade them to kill. In the case of the Nazis, the population as a whole elected the Nazis without knowing the full extent of their plans for the Jews (Hitler didn't stand on a platform of instigating a holocaust); it then took only a small percentage of the population to actually put the plans into effect, by which point the larger proportion of the population were powerless to prevent it, were largely not aware of the extent of it, or were more concerned about fighting the war. I would imagine that a lot of the Nazi guards at concentration camps were deeply uncomfortable with sending women and children to their deaths, but were powerless to change things in a regime where any dissent would have meant a similar fate for them.
&gt; who are obligated to practice it whether they believe it or not If they don't believe it, who's doing the obligating?
This is the one thing that I find so completely unfathomable about religion: that those who ardently follow one religion and believe it is true above all else don't look at the millions and billions of people who believe exactly the same thing about a completely different religion and go "Hmm... they're just as convinced that they're right as I am that I'm right. And look - they have a holy book too! Wait a minute: we can't all be right.....?". I don't know how e.g. a Christian can look at a Muslim and feel so utterly certain that the Muslim has it all wrong, but never wonders why the Muslim must also be looking at them thinking the same thing. Surely there's a point at which a rational human being starts to get to *"What if none of us are right and it's all just a guessing game...?"* Someone please tell me - I just can't understand it. How can you look at a billion Hindus in India, or a billions Catholics, or whatever and think "they're *all* wrong but *I'm* right"? You're probably thinking "OK smartarse Atheist, how can you look at billions of religious people and say 'you're all wrong'", only it's simple: I know that in the human body death is an irreversible process meaning that after a certain point a human body does not recover, and the brain that existed inside that body is lost. Which means that *nobody knows what happens to you after you die*. I also know that no-one was around at the beginning of the universe to see it happen, and therefore I don't believe a fucking book written by human beings that purports to explain how the universe began, which means *nobody knows how we got here*. So all the people arguing over who knows what happens after we die and who knows how we got here: no, you don't. No-one does.
&gt; I'll be honest, by the standards I see a lot of atheists claiming, I'm surprised we have any history at all. You say this like there's a very fine line between reality and completely fantastical claims when there plainly isn't. People do not return from the dead. Death is an irreversible process in the human body as has been shown billions of times since the dawn of time. Yet you want to take a couple of eye-witness accounts from the guy's personal fan-club, with shaky, contradictory evidence, and say that proves that something different happens in this case? If you read about a great battle in medieval times in which a famous warrior flew around in the air shooting laser beams from his eyes would you unquestioningly trust that as a valid historical record? You'll have heard the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"? And that's the difference. Imagine a history book quoted Napoleon as having said a particular sentence, which was reported by 2 of his personal guard, would I believe it: it depends on what the sentence was. If it was "Not tonight Josephine" then sure. If it's "I fucking hate the new iPhone 6" then of course not. Yet the evidence cited for both would be the same, so what's the difference? Because one is probable and plausible whereas the other would require him to travel 2 centuries into the future and back again, so is completely implausible. If you can't tell the difference it's because you've decided upon the answer and are trying to manipulate the very thin 'evidence' to make it fit that answer. Try forgetting the answer and using some critical thinking skills to see where you end up instead.
Increasing secularity is based on more people realising they don't need religion, it's not that people are abandoning Christianity looking for another religion to attach themselves to. The decline of Christianity in the West is coming from increased openness and freedom of information coupled with advances in science, which all gradually erode the myths of its teachings. Islam is more ardent about keeping its flock in the faith, but is just as susceptible to those same forces which are undermining all religions, especially in Western socieities where a secular education, access to the internet, and mixing with people from many different faiths (or no faith) all show people a way of life that doesn't rely on their particular religion. Yes, Muslims can bring their children up to be religious but it is very difficult in Western societies to keep those children away from secular influences or the internet or anything that allows them to question their faith. The growth in Islam in Western societies is more down to immigration than anything else. In the UK we have seen Muslims grow as a percentage of the overall population, but it's not because British people are converting to Islam, it's because they are already Muslim when they come to the UK. I can see how Islam might grow as a proportion of religious people, but not as an overall number. I know several Muslims who only identify as such because their parents would be ostracised from their communities if their children weren't being seen to follow the faith. They have no intention of passing it on to their children. &gt; Unless we turn our attention to Islam immediately, we will find an entrenched enemy that is perfectly willing and able to turn our own laws against us, with little we can do to stop it This is just bullshit scaremongering.
&gt; I've got tons of Muslim friends who always go clubbing but don't have a drop of alcohol. There's a difference between going to a club with a load of other people who aren't drinking and going to a club where you're the only one not drinking. I agree in general though - I once went on a Muslim stag do, had a great time.
This is a real blind spot for theists: "this guy said it happened so it must have done". Firstly, anyone can make anything up; the fact that it's written down doesn't make it any more credible than if you heard the words bumbled from the mouth of a crazy person. Secondly, pre-enlightened societies were so utterly credulous that many people could be easily persuaded to believe all kinds of insane things. In societies that have no kind of scientific understanding of the world, where disease, war, famine and pestilence are apt to wipe out you and your family at any point, people latched onto myths in a desperate belief that they could influence their chaotic lives. If Paul was writing in AD40 then years, even decades had passed since these events supposedly happened. Could you recall every conversation you had word-for-word from 20 years ago? He was part of Jesus's personal fan-club, so of course he's going to suggest that Jesus has supernatural powers - why wouldn't you when people are so credulous and desperate for order and hope? Also, all religions have sacred texts, yet you don't believe in all the other thousands of religions of the world. Why do you think your religion's texts are any more valid or reliable or credible than any of the others? If you read Aztec stone tablets that talked about Quetzalcoatl would you treat them with the same credulity that you do Paul's letters? Or would you dismiss them as myths?
I think you replied to the wrong thread there mate.
&gt; I'm sure you'll cherish that day, but it'll also be the day that atheism loses meaning I wish Atheism didn't have to exist. Atheism is a counter-stance. It doesn't stand for anything, it is an absence of belief and it only exists because there are people in this world who create myths to force unwritten rules on societies with no right to do so. It shouldn't have to exist any more than being a-unicornist or a-leprechaunist should. And by the way, you can't prove a negative and I don't have any intention of even trying whatever anyone else thinks. &gt; No gatherings to condemn religion Where are these gatherings to comdemn religion? I've never heard of such a thing. &gt; no more showcase of wit or intelligence Just to prove I'm not here to try to win points for my wit or intelligence, my considered response to that comment is go fuck yourself.
We don't know what happened before the big bang... isn't that enough to be an agnostic instead of a theist?
I could see how followers of all Abrahamic religions might recognise that they're all basically following the same God in a slightly different way. But what about the non-Abrahamic ones - Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Taoists? They number a couple of billion between them don't they?
Don't forget pork crackling, pulled pork, twice-cooked pork belly and pork sausages. Man alive, without them, bacon, sex, alcohol and weed I don't know why life would be worth living. I'm almost jealous of OP about to try all that stuff for the first time.
&gt; The RA is obsessed with and addicted to being right What stupid crap. Are you saying you are happy to be wrong? Will you consider the truth of the fairies at the bottom of my garden? Or do you believe you know the truth of that claim already? Are you denying those fairies exist because you have a fetish for having to be right all the time?
How patronising. I grow tired of people telling atheists that they're atheists for the wrong reasons or because they haven't thought about it enough. There is no 'right' way to be an atheist any more than there's a right way not to watch TV. Once you hold any religion up to even the most basic critical thinking it is obvious that they are man-made. Otherwise why don't you believe in Zeus, or Ra or Odin? Are you disbelieving of them for the right reasons? How deeply did you think about them before you dismissed them? Or were you just brought up in your chosen religion and have never actually examined what you've been taught with a clear, unemotional, free mind? What is it you believe: talking snakes, virgin births, water into wine? Perhaps it's you who needs to think a bit deeper?
Is that supposed to pass as debate?
&gt; How do you know it is true that solipsism is wrong? I'm not sure I necessarily do know that as an irrefutable truth. But, you know, the universe and all that. &gt; There is no fairiology but there is theology The difference being what? Sounds like you're saying that it's just about the number of people that believe it. Otherwise where do you draw the line - Jedis? Flying Spaghetti Monster? Norse Gods? Scientology? There's not exactly a hard line between 'legitimate' religion and outright fantasy or mythology. You can reject something you don't know well if you believe that it is founded on an impossible premise. I wouldn't waste any time thinking about anything a Medium or Clairvoyant told me because I don't believe they can talk to the dead. &gt; my question is, where and why do you draw the line I draw the line at anything that reverse-justifies by claiming to know the answer and working backwards from it. I'd be more than happy to have a theological debate, but I wouldn't bother with someone who claims to know the answer already when I don't believe that there is any way they could. Atheists are not without wonder and imagination - I would love to be clever enough to study the origins of the universe and try to genuinely know how we got here, but I think religion is just a complete distraction.
&gt; You can obey God or you can obey any number of false idols (Baal, money, yourself, etc.) I don't need to worship or obey anyone or anything thanks. I have a responsibility to society as a whole, but that's all. I see no benefit in wasting a load of time giving my servitude to a God who either isn't there or isn't listening.
If the evidence is unobtainable, then why are theists allowed to state with absolute certainty that they're right and atheists are wrong - something they do *all the time*? If you tell me that God created the universe then it falls to you to prove that; if the evidence is, as you rightly say, unobtainable, then why is *any* religious claim valid? &gt; Those tend to be the weakest, and truly identify someone's character in terms of how they think and process information Yeah, anyone who disagrees with you is obviously stupid. Well done you and your towering intellect.
&gt; What kind of evidence would be convincing to an atheist? How about some evidence that prayer works? What if there were observable double-blind tests that demonstrated that e.g. groups of cancer sufferers who prayed were more likely to recover than those who didn't? Of course [those tests *have* happened](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studies_on_intercessory_prayer#The_STEP_project) and proved the opposite. What if our increasing ability to understand our history revealed things that proved that things in the bible actually happened - i.e. a flood covered the entire earth and that animal life can be traced back to a single pair of animals on the ark, or that life was first created 6000 years ago and has never evolved at all? Of course, all evidence points to the contrary meaning that most people now recognise that most religious texts are full of fallacies. What if someone proved that virgin births were possible, or that in some cases people return from the dead? Quite a lot of evidence that they're not. You might say that those are all facets of religion rather than theism, and just because there was no talking snake and virgin birth that doesn't mean there couldn't still be a God, and I'd probably agree. But most religious people claim these as evidence for their God despite a lot of them being disprovable. Even forgetting religion, I still don't see anything that makes me think there's some kind of deity designing or controlling everything.
Mayonnaise - blergh. The more I hate it the more it seems to permeate into every area of life. I've all but given up buying pre-packed sandwiches.
I think atheism is a bit like the anti-smoking lobby. There are people who smoke, and people who don't, and for centuries those that do smoke had it all their own way - most people did, and did so everywhere, right next to you in a restaurant or at the office desk next to yours whether you liked it or not. However, in recent decades the people who don't have finally gained their voice and said 'enough'. Now the smokers are sent outside so that they don't pollute the non-smokers and it's increasingly marginalised. There are nasty warnings on the packs and all advertising and branding is banned (in the UK at least) or highly regulated. I've heard Doctors go completely on the offensive about smokers - because they see the effects of it, then they don't hold back. It's bad for you, and once you're free of it you never want to go back. Lots of people get drawn into it when they were younger because their peers are doing it and then find it hard to break the cycle. Basically society has gone on the offensive against smoking in recent decades because it's one of the worst things you can legally do to yourself. OK, so smoking does you physical harm whereas religion doesn't (I could talk about religious wars, but I won't). But I do think religion destroys free will and represents a massive waste of human capital. I am getting about religion how a non-smoker must have felt a generation ago - the numbers of participants is diminishing but they still get to shove it in my face all too often. If you want to do it fine, just keep it away from me, from my children, and fund it yourself. It's indoctrination and it enslaves people's minds. I used to be a smoker and used to whine about Doctors saying nasty things about what would happen to me - now I've been given up for 10+ years I wish they'd bullied me into it sooner.
Wow, way to not answer the question. &gt; This is almost narcissistic thinking. Just because someone is wrong, does not mean mean that I am right. There can be two people who are both wrong, but basing your assertions on incorrect or faulty evidence could be said to be even more wrong than another. The question I asked was quite simple, but you've totally failed to answer it. Let me try again in more simple terms: you say atheists shouldn't claim to be right based on unobtainable evidence, yet you excuse theists from the same reasoning. Why? &gt; Let's try a simple example: Who is more wrong, the person who has a claim, or the person who has a claim on wrong information/evidence? Your question doesn't even make sense. If someone wants a claim to be believed then it falls to them to provide adequate backing for that claim. Is that difficult for you to understand? &gt; Nope, those who tend to be stupid are stupid. I don't have to have pity for the feeble-minded. Yeah - you're doing such a good job of demonstrating your intellectual superiority here.
Haha - makes me properly laugh out loud when I hear theists say this. Why don't we just be done with it and define God as "the thing you can't disagree with"?
If this life is just a proving ground to see whether you get to heaven or hell, what's the point in heaven or hell?
I see this asked a lot, and it's really not up to atheists to define. That's a bit like the prosecutor in a murder trial asking the jury what they would consider convincing evidence to convict the accused (for which any judge would rightly slap them down). If you're prepared to state a claim you should be able to demonstrate the evidence that supports that claim. If you can't do that then you need to ask yourself why you believe it yourself.
An argument isn't evidence. It's an argument.
I'm going to ignore your particularly patronising tone so that you overlook my 'semi-hysterical', 'nasally voice' and 'little impish snicker' and see if this gets through. What most atheists argue against is religion, as religion is the vehicle by which the concept of God or Gods is brought to people. I do not disagree that by sweeping all of religion aside there could be room for an open debate about the likelihood or otherwise of the existence of some kind of deity; yet religion is a different matter: it makes claims that are rooted in the material world - things that would leave behind evidence and have failed to do so. Had there been a flood that covered the entire earth then there would be evidence to show it. Had mankind been created a mere few thousand years ago then there would be evidence to support this. If people could return from the dead, or people could walk on water, then again we might see observable evidence. But we don't see that - and in fact we see many things that count as solid evidence that demonstrate the opposite. The theist position tends to be one of knowing the answer and working backwards from there. The atheist or agnostic position is one of building a case by which to progress towards an answer. How does one work towards an answer? By looking at the available evidence. No evidence? No progress. Think of it like a court case: you'd be pretty unconvincing as a prosecuting lawyer if you complained about how jurors kept insisting on this annoying little detail called evidence (presumably in their nasally voices in a semi-hysterical tone) before they believed your case. &gt; "yeah, the evidence is this..." and proceed to give an argument for those things ...and there's your problem. An argument is not evidence. It is an argument. Arguments are just stated positions. They can be wrong. If you want to reply, please try doing it without just being rude, or don't bother.
Well, given that most definitions of God that I've heard are logical impossibilities, then you'd probably have to start by proving that logic does not function as I think it does. Why don't you start by defining what you mean by God and then I might be able to come up with evidence that might convince me?
&gt; If you want to argue against religion, that's fine. But that can be done independent of the belief (or unbelief) in a deity. Even a theist could argue against religion, it's more of a sociological question. This is not what this debate is about; the theism debate is about the existence of deity. Well - given that this sub is called DebateReligion then maybe you're in the wrong place. &gt; But that's not how it works, because that's not how determining anything works. Any sort of judgement which involves empirical data also necessarily involves a rational framework in which the data is interpreted, and this means that it all rests on argument Well, no, because arguments are only of any value constructed based on evidence, and that's the difference. I could posit an argument that there is a unicorn living in the forest near my house, but with no evidence it is a crap argument. Whereas if I posit that there is a fox that lives in the forest near my house, and then I could show people its den, its scat, or even the fox itself, then that's a good argument because it's backed by evidence. Surely this isn't hard to understand? &gt; There are some questions which cannot be evaluated in terms of this sort of data (what's typically meant by "evidence"), and those--including the theism question--are entirely dependent on argument There are indeed some questions to which we cannot gather sufficient evidence by which to arrive at an answer - so in that instance the right thing to do isn't to continue to posit arguments based on zero evidence (because hey, no-one can tell you you're wrong, right?), it's to recognise that here is something we cannot currently know and therefore any further arguments are frankly guesswork. Surely you can see that that is not an unreasonable position?
I'm totally with you on this. I'm usually browsing on my laptop at home. Half the time the wife is watching something on telly and/or the kids are streaming some kids show on the ipad in the next room. I don't want video thanks.
I'm not going to pretend there aren't Atheists who are dicks, but shouting someone down or mis-representing their arguments is hardly something unique to Atheists either, is it?
You're agnostic, but you start your text at the top saying "We (Christians)..."? Forgive me for being a little confused? I don't really see how you can be both. Respect for your reading list though.
&gt; But if someone is presented with the truth, how will they accept it if they are not open to the possibility that their previous beliefs could be wrong? Primarily because I don't trust the source. How does a theist know the truth? Nobody knows what happens after we die. Nobody knows what exists outside our known universe or what existed before it, or who/what made it. So I am open-minded, but most 'evidence' I hear doesn't stand up to even the most basic question of all: "how do you know this to be true?"
I spent far too long using alcohol as my reward for getting through a shitty day in a job I hated. The worse my day, the more I drank, and the worse the next day at work would be. Eventually it hit me that I was just numbing myself to make a shitty job more bearable, and just making it even worse. I'm still in that shitty job, but it's a lot more bearable when you feel well and feel in control.
&gt; you're speaking our language As an Englishman, I'd just like to point out that *you're* speaking *our* language.
I'm a Bachelor of Arts, and I'm married.
Yeah, my point was to demonstrate what u/sotonohito said: &gt; Basically the ontological argument is just fiddling around with definitions and thinking that somehow proves anything
&gt; the King's English English people don't speak the King's English and haven't done for some 63 years now.
Yes - spot on. I live near traffic lights on a busy road and hearing some total wanker revving his engine on a bike so loud that it wakes up most of my street at 2am makes me want to go and take a sledgehammer to his shitty bike. It should be treated in the same way as if someone were playing their music loud enough to wake an entire street up.
&gt; I can redefine things in mathematics all I want to equivocate concepts, but it would be a silly argument. Just like it was above when you did it Well, ignoring you just starting to chuck out the childish insults, the *whole fucking point* of what I said was that it was meant to be demonstrably pedantic to reinforce the point to you that anyone can dick around with words to change the meaning of something to suit their own ends. It remains true that I am a Bachelor of Arts yet am married. I could have also said that I went to school with a kid called James Bachelor whose parents were married. Both of those statements are true, and negate what you said. Don't they? &gt; And my definitions aren't ambiguous either No-one in the history of the world has ever uttered a single sentence that was completely unambiguous. You certainly haven't become the first. Let me remind you of where this started: &gt; You can't just sit around diddling with words and claim to have discovered anything real or valid And that is the point, which you seem to be missing. Playing around with words alone never brought a physical thing into existence, so a bunch of theologians cannot debate something into existence. Maths is akin to a language where the words are completely unambiguous, but again, as with language, no-one ever brought a tangible thing into existence by maths alone. Maths creates concepts and models which can point the way towards understanding of the real world, but it doesn't actually cause real things to exist.
&gt; Theres no more reach in allowing religious symbolism and ideology into our lives than in not abolishing all arts because they don't lead to empirical facts There's a massive difference and I think you know that. Art does not require belief to be appreciated - if I painted an imaginary landscape you wouldn't be required to believe that world actually exists before you could appreciate the artwork. Tolkein didn't expect his readers to believe that Middle Earth was real. Yes, religion can bring beneficial aspects to a society - but there is no reason why those things can't happen without having to buy into a man-made fantasy first. Religion brings far more dangerous things, like people believing that unjustifiable actions can be justified by religion, or putting aside logic, reason and evidence when it suits them. Logic, reason and evidence - i.e. the empirical method - doesn't always give us all the answers, and occasionally tells us things we'd rather believe weren't true - but it's the best our human understanding can manage, and that's therefore what we should use to inform our decision-making as a society.
Well, I think a lot of people would disagree with that. I can appreciate things that religion could be said to have had brought about - the Sistine Chapel, Canterbury Cathedral etc - but I don't think a truly impartial observer would ever 'appreciate' a religion in the way they would appreciate a work of artistic value. I've never looked at Islam or Judaism or Taoism or anything like that and gone "Mmmm - nice religion you've got there!" And sorry to brush away any misty-eyed sentiment but Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel because he was being paid to. He did it for cold hard cash, not for the love of religion. So if you're talking about appreciating religion through some of the things that religion is said to have brought into the world, you might as well say you're appreciating money as that's moved people more than any religion.
&gt; You're so smart, much more so than us lowly ~~atheists~~ aethists FTFY
New year, new troll. Nothing to see here, unless of course you fancy a nosey through OP's very revealing comment history.
Rule 3: no low effort posts. It's called "Debate" Religion for a reason.
&gt; If you just don't know the answer, you have no right to assert that I don't know it either That's utter nonsense. You're suggesting that all answers to something unknown are completely equal in value. If you lost your keys and I told that they were swallowed by an invisible alien and transported to another dimension, would you give that equal credence with all other possible answers? Remember, according to you, you don't know where they are so you have no right to assert that I don't know either. You'll presumably be familiar with the line "that which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence"? If you *know* something then you should be able to show proper evidence to support that. If you can't, then you don't know it, you *believe* it, and then others have every right to assert that you don't know it.
Right, but back to my original point: theology is not trying to find the answers to life, the universe and everything, it's aimed at finding explanations within the existing constraints of religions.
Would a court case find the accused guilty because of the possibility of evidence that may arise in the future? Of course not. Do you have any evidence right now? No? Then you can't know right now.
Prove fucking what? You are the one making claims, I am the one telling you you are not able to prove them.
I don't know if you're being wilfully obtuse or you really are hard of thinking, but let's just have another of our regular visits to the [burden of proof definition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophic_burden_of_proof) - and I quote: "When two parties are in a discussion and one asserts a claim that the other disputes, the one who asserts has a burden of proof to justify or substantiate that claim. [1] An argument from ignorance occurs when either a proposition is assumed to be true because it has not yet been proved false or a proposition is assumed to be false because it has not yet been proved true.[2][3] This has the effect of shifting the burden of proof to the person criticizing the proposition". What you are doing is (a) failing to substantiate your theistic claims and then (b) suggesting that my repudiation is, in itself, a counter-claim. It isn't. I am not making any new claim, only criticising yours. I can just picture you in a courtroom pitching your case for the prosecution saying "I put it to you, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, that the case for the defense can't prove that I can't prove the guilt of the accused!" to bemused looks from the entire courtroom. Anyway, whether you're being obtuse on purpose or you're just a bit short on thinking, I'm done wasting my time here.
First witnessed in 1374 - good article [here](https://thepsychologist.bps.org.uk/volume-22/edition-7/dancing-plagues-and-mass-hysteria). I remember reading about this years ago, the main suggestion being that it was in the years following the black death which led to an upsurge in religious fervour - also lots of examples of self-flagellation - basically people doing anything they thought would mean God spared them from the plague. Read it in [A Distant Mirror by Barbara Tuchman](http://www.amazon.com/Distant-Mirror-Calamitous-14th-Century/dp/0345349571) which is a fantastic read if you're interested in this sort of thing.
Don't be ridiculous. No evidence exists for there being a God, whereas plenty of evidence exists to demonstrate that theism is man-made and is regularly proved wrong. The point, however, is that atheists are not obliged to monitor and study and evaluate every single theistic claim you decide to make any more than you have to define your position on horoscopes.
There is no absolute right and wrong as the rightness or wrongness of everything depends on personal perspective. It is possible to gain consensus on many things because most people have similar enough views that we can create coherent laws as a society, but there will always be subjects that divide opinion. The words 'right' and 'wrong' are ultimately fairly meaningless, good for teaching children the most basic things in life but too simplistic to define the world we live in where almost nothing or no-one is inherently good or evil, but actually exists somewhere on a scale between those two extremes.
I really don't even know what you're talking about. Atheists *do* think theists are wrong - are you trying to say we're not allowed to let on about that on a sub called DebateanAtheist?
I'm really done with this pointless discussion that's taking us nowhere. You're still sticking to examples full of meaningless premises and pointless distractions that have nothing to do with anything, and adding in a level of condescention with it. It's like a theist finding spelling mistakes in an Atheist argument and triumphally heralding that as some kind of victory. I suppose if you were capable of solid reasoning you wouldn't be a theist in the first place... I'm done here.
Is it? You're pleased your entire essay was halted at the first line?
Yeah, Atheism is fucking boring because it means having to deal with twats like you. Atheism is a counter-stance against religious bullshit that twats like you come out with, and yeah, it's fucking tedious that in the 21st century there even has to be a name for it, as if the rejection of idiotic man-made fairy tales needs to be a thing. Still, however boring it may be, I'd rather be an Atheist than be (a) deluded and (b) a wanker like you.
You're saying your God exists outside logic? Then what use is it to label him anything at all? You might as well just label yourself right and Atheists wrong and be done with it - it'd be just as pointless and meaningless.
So many logical impossibilities to pick on here, but I'm curious about your belief that God is immutable as well as all the omni-s. Where do you stand on evolution? Because I know a lot of theists now recognise evolution. If you don't recognise evolution, then there's no point having a conversation about evidence so we'll stop there. But assuming you do, at least to some extent, then how do you feel about the fact that humans are not what God created? God created single-celled animals and evolution did the rest. He didn't create us in his image, because we evolved from apes. Did God basically hang around for a few billion years until modern-day humans evolved and only then start testing them, or is heaven full of neanderthals and paleolithic man? Or earlier, full of apes and dinosaurs and other animals? If I'm a mouse how can it be heaven if it has cats in it? Did God somehow direct evolution knowing that eventually man would be formed, and if so, how come I can be a dog breeder and I decide to develop a new breed of dog - doesn't that mean I am changing God's immutable world? And if God is so immutable, how does he respond to the ever-evolving life on earth which can be shown to have changed beyond recognition over billions of years?
I can't understand your nonsense, and frankly I won't waste my time trying. But you are definitely a wanker.
TL;DW. Make the effort to actually bring the arguments here, or stop wasting everyone's time.
I can't actually let go of logic and reason for long enough to think how this would even manifest itself. The concept of God is so utterly vague and illogical anyway that I wouldn't even know what 'God exists' actually entails. What, like the Abrahamic God? Meaning that maybe the nut-job creationists were right and everything in the Bible is fact? Meaning that pretty much every discipline of science is therefore broken, that logic and reason no longer applies in this world (given the many paradoxes of being omni-whatever, the problem of evil etc)? Meaning that everything I understood about our reality no longer applies and in effect I've lost my mind. Or is this another random deity we've not previously known of? Is this deity communicating with us and demanding our fealty, and if so - to what end? Are we to await the publication of a brand new holy book, and how will this be sent? How do we know this is a deity and not just an advanced alien civilisation, even perhaps one who seeded life on Earth 4bn years ago as an experiment that they've been watching - would you consider that deistic? Where does this deity exist, outside the universe? How do we know it's there then? How did it create us, on some kind of astral 3d printer with some god software behind it, and then some kind of hyerspace deployment tool to place those beings on Earth - again, destroying any number of laws of physics in the process..? I just think it's all *so* ridiculous that I can't even pretend it could be real.....
Uh... aren't you in the wrong place? If you're looking for reasons to believe there's a God, surely Atheists are the last people you should be asking? Get over to /r/Christianity and try them.
&gt; Christianity teaches that accepting Christ is a choice (whether you believe that or not) It's not a choice at all. I can't put aside critical thinking skills to believe in such obvious fantasy any more than I could choose that 2+2=5. &gt; why should they concern themselves with other people's choices? Because they are capable of empathy like normal human beings? Because if your children 'choose' incorrectly you might struggle to enjoy your eternity in heaven knowing they are burning in eternal torture?
What, so they claim to know my thoughts better than I do myself?
It doesn't exist for me, obviously - but unfortunately not believing in religion and all the crap that comes with it does not mean one is insulated from the effects of the credulous who force their fairy tales on others.
Thankyou, I wouldn't claim I had it forced on me as such. Although I did have a couple of schoolteachers who took issue with my atheism.
Firstly, can you stop with these lines like "have not even bothered" and "decided it's not worth the effort". It is slightly infantile of you to insinuate that atheism is just based on laziness. Secondly - no, no-one has ever presented evidence for a God. They have presented assertions that don't have basis in fact. Can you name any actual evidence of God (not just assertions) that has stood up to any genuine examination? You claim I have not even bothered to examine it before dismissing it; I suggest to you that you have not even bothered to examine it before accepting it.
&gt; I'm not insinuating that about Atheism. I'm STATING it about you Then I'm stating that you're being a bit of a wanker about it. &gt; So evidence has to be based in fact. How much fact? What do you mean, how much fact? Do you understand what a fact is? You seem to be having a lot of difficulty with this concept. I'm still waiting for sight of this evidence you claim exists. You were claiming that, right? So can we see it? Doesn't really count as evidence if we can't, does it?
You're not making any sense now. Are you just spouting random facts as if that somehow shows you know what a fact is? What on earth has Julius Caeser got to do with anything? Why not just admit that you haven't got any of this evidence for God that you claimed to have?
Hahahaha - I love the idiocy of this conversation. You know it's not enough evidence for me? A few posts back you were telling me I was lazy for not studying the evidence and now you're telling me I'm not allowed to see it? Sorry, just run that by me again? Let me try to explain this: if this 'evidence' is personal to you, then it's not evidence, OK? Evidence, by definition, has to be grounded in fact to demonstrate whether a proposition is true or not. If you turned up in a courtroom as a witness for the prosecution and said you had 'a really strong personal emotion' or 'a really vivid dream' that the accused was guilty you'd get laughed out of the place.
Fair enough, maybe it's just a subject I've not had much previous experience of.
&gt; what we need instead is a new concept of God, one that believing in will not cause harm and will solve religious conflict Yeah, we've already got that concept. It's called no God. Totally ticks all those boxes.
There are plenty of parts of the world that have no recognisable government control. The sea, for one - plenty of people live on their boats and barely ever make land. There are thousands of uninhabited islands across the world where no tax collector is going to come looking for you. There are numerous parts of even civilised countries where you can live completely off grid and untouched by civilisation and no-one will ever come and find you. Even within about 30 miles of London you can find [The Principality of Sealand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principality_of_Sealand).
&gt; Well, to a theist, obviously God was first This really boils my piss, as it's basically completely dodging all the reasoning that theists attempt to force upon others. How can God be first? From absolutely nothing, anywhere, just *poof* and he's materialised, intact, a complete perfect being? How? From what? How was *absolutely nothing* suddenly able to form a being that could design and build an entire universe? How did God become sentient and omnipotent from absolutely nothing? Where is he at this point? Floating in a void of - what - there isn't even a void to float in? And then: when he was creating the world, where did he get all the atoms from? Did he create atoms, protons, electrons etc first? (No mention of them in Genesis). Given that he's the first thing there on his own then he's got nothing to work with - no material at all. No space in which to put things, nothing. How is God even thinking? Has he developed a brain, from nothing? He's writing all the laws of science first is he? And then what - how is he designing and building these things, from nothing? Some kind of sketch-pad or god software that he's spun out of a non-existent vacuum? He's designing and building these things with no material, no anything? He hasn't even got a pen and paper, because remember, he's the first and only thing there is. He can't see, because there's nothing to see and he hasn't invented light. He can't hear either because there's nothing to hear. According to the Bible he's saying things, but he can't be because he hasn't invented sound waves yet, or language, and I always find it interesting that people seem to know what he was saying at this point when Earth hadn't even been created, never mind people. How do people believe this is *actually* what happened?
It's that theists use lines like "something can't come from nothing", and yet completely fail to acknowledge that that means their God can't either.
Nope, still makes no sense. Something, at some point, had to come from nothing, whether that was God or something else.
You're just doing the usual theist game of pissing around with words as if that will ever prove anything. I don't know, and as you rightly say, nor do you, and nor does anyone else. So why do theists keep insisting that God is the answer?
Suppose so. Just seemed a bit odd, that's all. Felt like I could just copy &amp; paste my responses from those other threads here.
How do you explain that there are doctors who drink alcohol when they know it's bad for them? People are complex and are able to hold multiple positions that conflict with each other at the same time. I love animals and yet I eat meat. I love my wife and yet I'll still let my eye linger on a beautiful girl. I find some of my family members infuriating and yet I love them to bits and would defend them to the hilt. I like to think I oppose privilege but there are probably plenty of examples where I'm a hypocrite about that. Have a go at it yourself - I bet you could easily identify positions you hold that conflict with each other. Scientists who believe in God are doing it for one of any number of reasons: habit, custom, capriciousness, cognitive dissonance, escapism, relaxation, even just for a social life that's built up around the church or to keep from being ostracised by their families - any number of reasons, and probably the same reasons why a doctor would drink alcohol despite knowing it's bad for them. Also bear in mind that most scientists aren't working on things that directly contradict religion on a daily basis, so for most I doubt it's even much of a problem. And, lastly let's not forget: whilst there are *some* scientists who believe in God, there aren't *many*.
For the same reasons no-one else has either?
Troll or wanker? Oh yeah, easy: both.
So what, you can't be hungry until you've learned the word 'hungry'? How does this make any sense to you? Thought comes first, and language evolves from that. You might talk to yourself inside your head, most of us are more capable of having thoughts without needing to articulate them in language. What's this got to do with atheism? Are you going to posit some idiotic creationist idea that God invented all languages of the world, despite the fact that we can see how they have evolved (that darned word again!) from early civilisations?
&gt; 1. Logical: The greater cannot come from the lesser. Really? So according to you, two people can't have three children?
Crawl back under your rock you fucking redneck caricature. You're having a go at another religion and all you're doing is disgracing your own.
&gt; I know many atheists like to pretend there's no shred of evidence for gods and no slightly valid argument, but this is simply willful ignorance. OK - can I see the evidence please? You see, I've heard this line a lot of times, and whenever I then ask to see this evidence it's never forthcoming. So this time please can I actually see this evidence so that we can be sure I'm not being wilfully ignorant? No excuses now, you insist this evidence exists, so let's see it please. &gt; If this was the case, there would be far less theism, especially when you consider how many people out there can be both intelligent/rational and believe in god You're seriously arguing that the sheer number of theists is evidence of god? Would you say that the number of people who read horoscopes is evidence that they must be true as well? Or the number of people who believe in ghosts? &gt; But saying "we just don't believe" is identical to believing the negative: that god does not exist. Your last 3 paragraphs all seem very confused about this, and it's really not hard: it is the difference between believing and knowing. The position most atheists, me included, take is this: I do not believe in god. I do not claim to *know* there is no god, as it is not possible to prove a negative that has such vague definition. However, because I find the absence of evidence of a god to be consistent and compelling, and because it is possible to recognise the influence of mankind in religion, it is my belief that there is no god. To expand further would require a good definition of god - for example I am confident that creationism based on the bible is pure fabrication because there is ample physical evidence here on Earth to disprove it, yet I could never hope to disprove a non-intervening deity who lives outside our reality because it would have no touch-point on my life that could be tested.
Not really, but I'm not really bothered enough about what exact definitions get applied to continue arguing the point.
When are you going to stop with these vague and pointless pseudo-science questions? "Ultimate reality" my arse. More woo peddled by charlatans for the credulous.
OK. I don't actually give that much of a shit about this point whereas you seem to be particularly exercised about it, so I've kind of lost the will to carry on arguing about it.
&gt; I am not making any claim about god's existence. And this is the crux of the issue. The only claim I'm making is concerning the evidence provided by others, and that I find it unconvincing. Very well put. I'd add to that the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"; because many religious claims are amongst the most extraordinary imaginable (looking at you, talking snake) the bar needs to be set high for what would constitute reasonable evidence.
When it comes to arguing with the religious, reason has already failed. The winning move is not to play.
Maybe it was *just meant as a metaphor* :-D
Doesn't need to be geographical. You'd still say Hawaii and Alaska were part of US society wouldn't you? Most divisions between societies is man-made anyway - usually through man-made religions or man-made lines drawn on a map. Personally I believe everyone's connected because everyone has the same basic wants and needs in life, and that's what creates societies and the way they work.
&gt; If God exists his existence is self justified hence the biblical name "I am that I am." And what if he doesn't?
Uh, sorry, got to stop you there, he's higher than meaning too. And you can't question that because he's higher than questions as well.
&gt; I honestly can't say I am sure god exists. How could I? But I think its a possibility and I am willing to test that possibility with my life. After 25 years the experiment seems to be working out. If you think that's wrong or stupid then the burden of proof is on you to say why. Really? You're suggesting that the fact that you're not dead at 25 means it's "working out" for you that God exists? Or what, that you are achieving what you hoped for in life? That is amazing. I'm 41 and have been Atheist all my life. So I'm still alive too, and by pretty much anyone's measures I'm doing well - I have a good job, a wonderful wife and kids, a nice home and so on. Surely that means that by your logic I'm doing better than you as I'm 16 years advanced on where you are - no? See, your logic only works if you can point to how this 'experiment' that is your life would have gone if you hadn't put your faith in God. Do you think you'd be dead now? Are most people who haven't put their faith in God dead now? Or living in some crack den giving blow-jobs for pennies? Are the religious spared death at a young age? This 'experiment' of yours is just an exercise in confirmation bias as if you having survived from one birthday to the next is proof of God, or you - what, getting the job you want? - amounts to proof that God answers your prayers. It's as ridiculous as me saying that me being left-handed is a life-long experiment that's working out for me because I've succeeded in not dying as a result.
Suppose so. I think it's more that they're criticising things done in the name of liberalism that actually aren't, i.e. allowing religions to get away with unpleasant things that they shouldn't because you don't want to criticise a religion. I think they'd say they support liberalism in general, but that the balance between one person's liberty and another is not always correctly applied.
Loads of people would have benefitted. Oral tradition in pre-enlightened societies meant that thousands of people earned their evening meal by telling stories, and the more flourishes the better. Then once a story starts the credulous latch on to it and start to believe it.
&gt; Why isn't theistic evidence ever good enough? I suspect the answers will bring me back to my first point about presuppositions. We're all entering the debate with different standards of evidence. There is no point debating when we can't all agree on what constitutes evidence and what is considered 'enough' evidence. It's not about 'enough' evidence - it's about *any* evidence. What genuinely objective evidence exists anywhere in the universe that points to any god or gods being real? I'll acknolwedge that there are things - how life first began, what came before the universe etc to which no-one has the answer, but that doesn't make it any more likely that your god is the answer any more than the flying spaghetti monster is the answer. Religions are man-made - you can even trace their origins and influences just like you can with languages. This is fact: everyone would acknowledge there are thousands of man-made gods and religions in the world, and yet they can't see that their own religion or their own god are amongst them. There is loads of evidence that religious texts regularly get things wrong and are therefore not the inerrant word of some supreme being. Most theists acknowledge this too; not many people would still cling to the idea that their holy book is 100% accurate. So back to your question: what sort of evidence is good enough: let's start with *anything at all*. Please, seriously - theists keep claiming there is evidence but atheists are somehow blind to it - OK, so what is this evidence? No-one will show me it.
I don't know anything about Paul. Somewhere in the early stage of any religion or cult it moves from people who know they are inventing or embellishing to people who genuinely believe in it. If I genuinely believed in the Christian God I'd not worry too much about what happened to me in this life in favour of saving my soul.
That's easy: everyone needs to earn a living and sometimes people's passions don't earn them enough money to live on or are things they can't pursue as a career for other reasons (e.g. being in a wheelchair but being passionate about football). I'm deeply un-passionate about my job but I've chosen to do it because it earns me ten times what I'd get doing something I'm passionate about.
I don't understand how you can recognise partial truths, grey areas and context and yet have absolute black-and-white certainty in what you believe, particularly when it is so massively contradicted by so much hard fact.
&gt; My point is not to denigrate you, but to point out how many unknowns there are. Unknowns leave gray areas. But that was my point: there are all kinds of unknowns and grey areas and yet you believe 100% in the truth of your religion. What makes you feel like you can be certain of that which has zero empirical evidence when you accept doubt with things that are accepted fact? Sounds to me like you just tell yourself you're 100% certain about your religion because you don't trust yourself not to question a bit too much and realise your faith isn't as strong as you thought.
&gt; There is evidence. This is something else that sort of annoys me. Even 'bad' evidence is still evidence. Theists don't have 'no' evidence. OK - so, trying once again: please can you present it? I keep being told there is evidence, but no-one can actually show it to me.
Depends on the claim. If I say I had eggs for breakfast then there is no reason to discount something so mundane; yet if I claim I have taught my pet cat to fly there is every reason to disbelieve it. This is where theists seem to have a blind spot: the more extraordinary the claim, the greater the level of evidence required. So in some cases (eggs for breakfast) I would accept it unless I knew the person saying so was a pathological liar. Yet if someone tells me something I know to be physically impossble (a flying cat) I would instantly disbelieve it until such time as they provided me with incontrovertible evidence. That's not hard to understand, surely?
Can you define 'religion' here? Because it looks like you're just saying that anything you believe can be labelled a religion. I believe I'll have bacon for breakfast: have I just formed a new religious belief there?
Remain: because the course of human history demonstrates that people working together achieves more than people reinforcing arbitrary man-made divisions.
&gt; So vote for one that will. That's what democracy is about. You say that as if just wanting there to be such a party makes it happen. Even if a 'Science Party' appeared it would just be a wasted vote in our current political system.
The point is that no one party ever matches one person's beliefs exactly. If there were 100 issues that people vote on what are the odds of there being a party that matched your opinion on all 100? What happens if the only parties I believed capable of running the economy well also didn't support science funding?
Where did I say I wanted to take power away from anyone? I'm just saying that your line about 'vote for the party that does support science' is simplistic at best.
&gt; One of my Italian housemates tried to help me get a job with them at the high street store 'H&amp;M' and she was told the they "don't hire British people". That may seem like an outlandish lie but I'm sorry to say that its not. You'll have to take my word for it. I'm not going to take your word for that, because it's bullshit. I've been served in H&amp;M plenty of times by British people. &gt; Also, if you think that this country would be devoid of Italian restrauants if we were not part of the EU then I'm sorry to say that you're wrong. My friend tells me he saw an Italian restaurant in Thailand, would you care to explain that for me? Yeah, because Italians are allowed into Thailand. What you're suggesting will happen is that Italian employers would be allowed in to Britain but Italian employees wouldn't. Again, it's bullshit. &gt; I don't know about Ibiza but I went on a Thomas Cook package holiday with my family when I was young and the rep was native to their own country. Then that one was an exception. I'd say 90% of tour reps for British travel companies are British and most of those don't even speak the local language to any level of proficiency.
&gt; If God does not exist, then the universe must have occurred randomly Please demonstrate how absence of God necessitates a randomly-occurring universe. Otherwise the premise is false and the argument fails. &gt; and as such there is no reason to expect there to be any such uniformity Please demonstrate how randomness necessarily equals non-uniformity. Otherwise the premise is false and the argument fails. &gt; If God exists then it is perfectly plausible that He would create a universe that exhibits such uniformity Please demonstrate how plausibility equals likelihood. Otherwise the premise is false and the argument fails.
You say this like they're mutually exclusive; they're not.
Guns aren't a form of defence, they are only a form of attack. Yes, attack can be one form of defence, but one that always escalates the violence. If people were genuinely interested in defence they would be buying kevlar body armour, not more guns.
My point is that guns are not defence. If you shoot back at someone shooting at you that's not defence, that's attacking them back.
The point is that guns are a form of attack, not defence. Guns don't deflect bullets. If you shoot back at someone you are attacking them back, not defending yourself.
I choose not to live in a society where anyone has a gun. If someone were attacking me with a baseball bat I'd be fucking glad *they* didn't have a gun.
Any self-respecting Brit reads a Murdoch paper. Right. Got it. We could just cut out the middle-men altogether: leave the EU, disband the UK government and just put Murdoch in charge of everything?
If your argument is that ridiculous things must have come from God, does it follow that sensible things must not have?
If your point is just to bring glory to God, why is that a valid cause? Bring glory to God for what purpose? To get yourself a better afterlife? If so, what's the point of the afterlife? What's the point in God? What is God's point in life?
Sorry, that makes no sense. Powerful civilisations are necessarily the most good? You're asking us to imagine something that's never been witnessed - could you even define 'advanced' in terms of what the most advanced civilisation would look like? - and then making a huge logical leap to say co-operation must necessarily be key to that, which is something you've not substantiated at all. And how would that civilisation 'define' a subjective term like goodness? And what has any of that got to do with God? And how, on this cosmic drawing-board in which God creates universes, did the rules granting him this power based on his goodness come to be? Surely nothing gave God power because nothing came before him and nothing defined him? Face it, the Problem of Evil breaks the notion that God is good. If he existed and were purely good he wouldn't allow suffering in the world.
&gt; It's a generic picture of a group of people walking Oh bullshit. You say that like it could just be a snapshot of the local Ramblers association. It is clearly meant to be a picture of *foreigners* (wooo!) - dark skin, headscarves etc - and they are not walking, they are queuing, next to the words 'Breaking Point'. If that isn't propaganda then I'm fucked if I know what is. I'm not for OTT comparisons with the Nazis, but some of the shit Farage does is getting pretty fucking close. That doesn't mean anyone is saying Farage is literally Hitler, but it does bear comparison when his propaganda borrows so heavily from the same language and imagery used by such people in the past. &gt; As they say, I can't even. You guys are why democracy doesn't work. That's just a monumentally twattish thing to say.
So, Mr Big Man-of-the-World, how old are you? How much genuine life experience do you have? Held down jobs, paid a mortgage, run a company, brought up kids, travelled, changed the world, what? What makes you so qualified to patronise the fuck out of anyone who doesn't agree with you? I'm dying to know. You just saying "democracy doesn't work because you lot are wrong" is (a) fucking pointless and (b) fucking brainless. What's irrational is demonising a bunch of people because they live on the other side of a man-made line. You say the poster isn't nazi-like; no-one's talking about actual goose-stepping up and down the high street or making people wear yellow stars on their clothing so stop reacting as if they are. What people are doing is comparing some of the propaganda used in the early stages of Nazism's rise in Germany, and I'm afraid there are parallels there. Anyone who demonises the 'other' in the way Farage does leaves themselves open to those parallels. There's a reason why Johnson/Gove and the more rational outers didn't want to share a platform with him.
But survival and goodness are not synonymous. In the animal kingdom all predators rely on killing other animals to survive - does that make them good for surviving or bad for killing? Not only that, but the thriving of a society in itself can be a bad thing, if it means that e.g. that population outstrips the means of subsistence.
In fairness to the BBC I think they always do that sort of thing i.e. 4 big banners that'll be the top UK news story, top world news story, a top sports story, and then some light-hearted fluff. It's the internet equivalent of the '...and finally' story at the end of the news. *edit to add: I don't even know who Calvin Harris is. Do I win a prize?
The existence or otherwise of something is in no way influenced by whether or not people claim its existence. We know Superman is fictional because we can trace his origins back to literature that talks about his life. Oh wait....
&gt; Nobody can name the commissioners that make the legislation that effects your life without googling it. I've never understood this argument. Can you name the strategist in the Treasury who came up with the current tax regime?
It's not about money for me. I'm voting remain, but because I believe the course of human history is advanced when people work together rather than enforce divisions between themselves. I can recognise failings in the current system but still think it's the right project to pursue. Having little influence and being outvoted is just democracy in action. In a voting bloc of 500m+ people a country with 60m shouldn't expect to have it their own way all the time. Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland have comparatively little influence in the UK yet most Brexiters don't tell Scotland they should go it alone for lack of influence. To my mind if we want more influence in the EU we should be playing our part in it fully, not sitting on the periphery criticising, asking for favourable treatment and threatening to walk out if we don't get it.
It's the suggestion that the UK is perfectly democratic and it's only the EU that lacks demoracy. Between FPTP making millions of British votes effectively worthless, and an unelected second chamber, it seems intellectually dishonest to highlight the democratic failings of the EU whilst ignoring our own.
Yes - I've heard a good analogy which is that of a traditional high street shop if a big new shopping mall gets built up the road; you might not like the rent they charge in the mall, but ultimately if the foot-fall leaves the high street to go to the shopping mall instead then just staying put and pretending it's not happening, or relying on the fact that you used to get enough custom before the mall came along, just isn't sensible. To continue the retail analogy, BHS and Woolworths died because they didn't adapt to the 21st century; it feels to me like this is a crossroads for Britain to decide whether we adapt and thrive or revert to the past and hope the world will go back to how it was.
Fine, I'll go and live in the Bahamas.
Blimey. Although worth noting that's non-EU immigrants who are the drain, not the EU ones.
It's not George Osborne. He signs off the budget, he doesn't write it. There are 1000+ people working in the Treasury, they're not there just to bring him cups of tea and mop his brow as he slaves over the minutiae of every budget.
You think a Boris Johnson government will give a shit what the working classes of the North want? Boris blows in the wind more than any other politician - just look at his support for immigration when London mayor. As long as immigration stacks up financially - and EU immigration certainly does - no government will shoot itself in the foot by turning down that windfall. To borrow a phrase as to what's most important to voters: "It's the economy, stupid".
&gt; No one has a right to food, its a privilege So you're anti-abortion but fine with starvation?
&gt; People today treat sex like it is something as trivial as playing a game of basketball or something Stop projecting your religious hang-ups about sex onto others. Religion has for centuries made sex something shameful and secretive and it just creates all kinds of fucked-up-ness on all kinds of levels. The non-religious amongst us think there's absolutely nothing wrong with sex at all, so keep your own sexual insecurities to yourself. Let's continue the 'driving on the highway' analogy: it's something for which you need to know the rules and understand the risks, it needs to be treated with respect and it shouldn't be done by those too young to understand those rules and the risks. But once those are understood, away you go.
Bear in mind that you can completely hate abortion and yet still be completely in favour of it. My girlfriend had an abortion when she and I were 18, because we were young and dumb and didn't take enough care. I'm not proud of it, it still wonder sometimes how things might have turned out, and it was a really horrible experience to go through at the time. But was it the right decision? Absolutely. We were not fit to be parents at that time. We knew we were never going to stay together forever either - more like just fuck buddies than a couple who would have made good parents together. Was it irresponsible of us? Yeah, sure. Like I say, I'm not proud of it, but that doesn't mean we made the wrong decision. And to people who say she could have gone through with it then given it up for adoption: that's easy to say and so much harder to do in real life. I would always tell people to avoid getting into a situation where an abortion was required, and yet at the same time I would always support people's right to do it, because guess what: 18-year-olds *do* fuck up, and they shouldn't have to carry the burden of such a thing for the rest of their lives.
Ah, sorry, my mistake.
Well, there's always a silver lining.
Honestly, if they do that, I will start to believe that leaving was the right thing despite the fact that I voted to remain; if the leadership of the EU are willing to sacrifice the well-being of its people to support its end-goal then truly they have failed to represent the wishes of those people, and I think there would be a queue of other nations thinking 'fuck this' and following us. The EU badly needs to work out a way of making all its members happy, not sticking blindly to some idealistic blue-print. If members are only staying because of threats then it's already broken.
[We've already got a Washington thanks](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Washington,+Tyne+and+Wear/@54.9032871,-1.7982628,10z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x487e64c8cbe0fc97:0xa8135c37990656ba!8m2!3d54.897432!4d-1.517366)
It really isn't at all, and I say that as a 'remain' voter. You said it yourself: Canada hasn't had to rely on the EU: why would the UK need to? The UK is still a first-world country with a generally good infrastructure, an educated population and a history of being at the forefront of industry, science, technology, engineering etc. The only reason why the UK needs to lose anything as a result of this is if the EU leadership actually decides to disadvantage its own member countries by 'punishing' the UK with high tariffs. And if it does that, then I will then be convinced that leaving the EU was the right thing to do after all and will expect to see other countries suddenly realise that the tail is wagging the dog. Despite me voting remain I see a lot of spin from the remain side suggesting that all things that are good in the world is all thanks to the EU. Since we live in a democracy then there is no reason at all why we cannot vote for a government that will prioritise exactly the same things. I recognise that our overall earning potential is slighly diminished by exiting the EU (why I voted remain), but to suggest that the UK is 'fucked' is just ridiculous.
I didn't mean British people, I meant all the other EU countries. It is still in their interest to have good trading terms with the UK.
I'd have thought that anyone whose response to losing a grip on power is gripping all the harder is ultimately doomed to failure. What the EU leaders should be doing is asking themselves why the UK left and how they'll stop other countries doing the same - and then if they're willing to make changes to keep others happy ask themselves why they weren't willing to compromise with Cameron before the UK left. &gt; so arguably it is in the interests of the population of the EU to make it tough for the UK to leave So effectively the EU is keeping its members through fear of what could happen if they dare to leave? Doesn't sound very healthy to me.
With Labour and the Tories both tearing themselves apart, what are the chances of a pro-Europe bloc forming with Tory left, Labour right and Lib Dems? Given that the Brexit voters would split between old Labour and Tory right/UKIP (who would surely never come together to win) I could see the centrists winning with a mandate to stay in the EU.
&gt; and so did much of Wales Wales didn't - very much voted to leave.
So you'd say the vote in 1975 where the UK chose to join the EU (or EEC as it was then) should still stand then? Or at least it's 1-1 now and we need a decider?
Sorry but that's rubbish. Give me examples where the PLP have been unhappy with him for telling truths?
&gt; They're not going to win the next election anyway (even with no split and another leader). I don't agree. If the Tories appoint Boris and the economy unravels as predicted they will start to look pretty toxic, and I'd expect someone like Hillary Benn or David Miliband to have a good shot at it then - particularly if they managed to attract Lib Dems, Greens and SNP to their cause as well. Personally I think the Labour party needs to split as they can't resolve that balance of principles v power any more.
Any legislation has to pass through parliament, where nearly 500 of the 650 MPs were elected to government on a platform of being in favour of staying in the EU. If it comes down to which is more binding out of a general election and the EU referendum, the GE wins hands down. Which is why we will most likely have another GE.
&gt; If they make it easy to leave the EU they risk the disintegration of the EU which could lead to wars, global depression, etc If EU members only stay out of fear of how they would be treated if they leave then it's already broken. And I say that as a 'remain' voter.
&gt; The rebate we get is given to "hooray henry" farmers who do not need that extra money That's just pathetic. The rebate goes to the most impoverished parts of the country and supports vital industries. Just because you might be able to point to a very small handful of farmers who receive money they don't necessarily need is utterly irrelevant, and you also said 'no ad homs' and then say that. Most farmers struggle to make a living. No payment method from any form of government is ever 100% perfectly targeted. I assume you get equally mobilised about millionaires who receive the state pension? Or is that allowed because it's the UK government that decides that? So £5bn went to the EU last year. Do you know how much the UK economy has lost in the last week alone? It *dwarfs* that. The £5bn is an investment in being part of a group that builds confidence in the UK economy, and you're now seeing what happens when that confidence starts to evaporate. If you think that's not worth something like 0.3% of our annual spending then you can't do maths. &gt; the EU is unelected in important places within the organization. It is dictatorship under a veil of democracy, because the EU's parliament is told what to do by unelectable individuals So is the UK. We have an unelected head of state. We have an unelected upper chamber. First past the post means we have a majority government who received only around 37% of the popular vote. Government departments typically have only one elected figurehead (usually with no prior experience in that field) and are then staffed entirely by unelected civil servants. Governments are elected on promises that they regularly break, which means that our 'democracy' allows politicians to be elected on one platform and then spend 5 years delivering another. If you think all that represents anything better than the EU then you're being purposefully myopic. Furthermore, the EU parliament shouldn't be the same as other governments, because it is not a government in its own right, but a government of governments. Nobody would suggest it's perfect, but to point at it and scream 'undemocratic!' whilst completely ignoring the failings in our own system is laughable. So my apologies, but you've been had by lies and more lies. Don't worry, you've got a long, long time for it to sink in.
A benchmark was set, and was met by the referendum, so as much as I hate to say it, it is the will of the people according to that benchmark. That said, the mood will soon change as the lies are exposed and the economy continues to tank, so we need be ready to re-examine that will once everyone's had chance to see what Brexit really looks like.
He made no promise about what he'd deliver in a coalition.
My view is that Farage and co have had their day in the sun, but the underlying decency of the British people always shines through. It might take 5 years, but we will get back to a stable position politically, socially and financially and when we do we may even be stronger for it. This pro/anti-Europe fracture has been brewing for a long time and now that the dam has finally broken that is potentially the best route to getting back to a united country. It may be that remain voters see that life outside the EU can be fine and we can still live in harmony with migrants and foreigners; it may be that leave voters see what we lose being out of the EU and decide it wasn't so bad after all. But at least we'll know, and then we can bring the country back together. I still hope we can work out a compromise with the EU that people can be happy with. This may also be the point at which the level of political engagement helps us put our own house in order more: I'd love to see proportional representation be one of the outcomes. I worry we could lose Scotland; whoever is PM next needs to ask the Scots to stick with us until we know what the future looks like, and only then consider breaking away again. Either way: this country hasn't just gone all race-hate overnight; 99% of people aren't racist or xenophobic or anything, they just worry for their communities, their culture and stress put on services and housing. Their concerns are legitimate and need to be heard, and now they should be. It is scary when the political landscape changes overnight, but there is no reason to fear.
That's what usually happens here too, but for some reason this time David Cameron decided to stake the entire economy on a coin-toss and lost in an attempt to save his own skin. What's more the defeat was so unexpected that it's not only taken out Cameron, but his main rival for the Tory leadership and looks like the main opposition party is rapidly descending into civil war as well.
The main thing would be to find some new paddles after the last ones were thrown overboard by the Leave campaign.
Bloody Olympians seem to fill 90% of every honours list these days. If you want a knighthood just get good at riding a bike faster than other people, job done. Why the fuck is riding a bike worth a knighthood?
&gt; Atheism requires faith Faith in what?
&gt; For all the retoric of Cobyn being ultra left-wing he isn't. In a poor attempt to deflect that charge from the media he's trying to be a reasonable and put forward toryish policies Policies don't get headlines. Corbyn is considered ultra left-wing for a number of reasons - mainly the company he keeps and his voting history as an MP, but also in the way that the current Labour party seems determined to paint Blair as some kind of monster and destroy any of his lingering influence on the party. Let's face it, when the Shadow Chancellor is waving Mao's Little Red Book in the Commons you can't really blame the media for everything. I also think this idea that Corbyn's policies themselves are more popular is kinda nonsense too - if you ask a simple question in isolation and out of context - e.g. "Should we spend more money on the NHS?" then obviously most people will say yes - but when you look at a set of policies as a whole and every one of them will cost more money and will rely on endless borrowing that's when people will change their minds.
&gt; YOU can't even begin to predict what's gonna happen and when Which is, in itself, a problem, no?
&gt; people seems to like Jacob Rees-Mogg Really? I have always been of the exact opposite view. He's a complete anachronism, born a century or two too late.
Sometimes the best thing isn't to step in to fix a failing situation, it's to step back and let everyone see it failing. Otherwise those who caused the failure evade being accountable for their failure and are free to continue making the same bad decisions that led to it in the first place. If you let the failure become completely evident and the pain caused by it be felt then everyone will concentrate on ensuring it is properly resolved, doesn't happen again, and that the people who caused the original failure are held to account.
I live in Norwich South - Greens are a pretty strong force here too, but given that Norwich went 'Remain' then I can see the Lib Dems getting back in again. I like Clive Lewis as a bloke and voted for him last time but won't be next time as long as he continues to back Corbyn.
&gt; try to expand your thoughts a little outside of this circle-jerk of a subreddit. Sorry, stopped reading there.
When I'm literally right in the process of actively engaging with someone who disagrees with me and that person accuses me of not expanding my thoughts outside my own worldview, then believe me, I do know.
The very fact that anyone thinks it's good that half the country are 'winning' while others are 'losing' should be enough to make any sane person angry.
No, only to people who think 'winning' when running a country involves celebrating the anger and disillusionment of half the population as long as they get what they want.
If you insist on a policy of re-patriating EU nationals away from the UK then that has the inevitable consequence of making other EU nations do the same to British people. It's childish not to accept the consequences of your actions.
But that information isn't available to anyone who might stand against them in their constituency so that's not a valid use of it and should be prohibited. And then when you start to consider that a sitting MP might have access to the browser history of all their future competitors it gets a whole level more sinister.....
How do we know that the government won't use the information to discredit their opponents? Let's say you were the incumbent MP in a constituency and you got a whisper from one of your party colleagues that your main opponent had some kind of porn fetish? Do you honestly reckon they would never find a way to leak that, and how would that not be considered compromising democracy?
Skill.
OK, that's your opinion. Doesn't seem to be striking a chord with the electorate though.
Norway is proof that you can be outside the EU but inside the single market. The referendum asked only about leaving the EU, not about leaving the single market. Those two statements are 100% fact, you can so stop trying to spin some kind of narrative that claims otherwise.
Bad news: fast-forward a couple of years and it'll start with a 3 again.
Are you ever not condescending?
&gt; The single market is intrinsic to membership of the EU Once again: Norway. Stop avoiding it.
I've done a lot of hiring, and believe me if you leave it open for anyone to be able to apply easily you get hundreds, if not thousands, of speculative spammers. You have to be able to (i) weed out the spammers and (ii) get answers to the questions *you* want to know, not the things that candidates want to tell you. I see loads of CVs that are mostly personal statements of no value ("I am a team player", "I have a strong work ethic", "I believe in the power of technology" etc) but e.g. don't tell me how long they worked at the only job with any relevant experience. If you ask specific questions via something like an application form then firstly you get to ensure that the only applicants are those actually prepared to spend an hour of their life working towards getting this job, and then also be able to ask specific questions by which to make clear comparisons, rather than rely on the utter randomness of people's CVs.
So really what you're suggesting is just something that enters a few bits of standardised personal information? Doesn't really seem worth the effort. I'd say 95% of what I want to know is specific to the job I'm advertising, and I'd be absolutely against anything that tried to standardise all fields for job experience or something like that.
&gt; Since leave won the referendum, they dictate the terms That's entirely not how life works. A tiny margin of victory should never mean winner-takes-all, that's just idiotic (Treaty of Versailles as one fine example?), and furthermore at the next general election all the parties will make their plans clear and we get to vote for who we want who will then potentially have a new mandate to do what they like. &gt; Whatever the majority of leave voters wanted, be that 50%+1 of the voters or 100%-1 is legitimate What they wanted was to leave the EU. What you are now doing is trying to take that a stage further by including the single market in that, which the referendum entirely did not say. True or false: Boris Johnson said in the run-up to the referendum that it would be possible to leave the EU but remain in the single market? &gt; Everyone knows by this point from the consistent polling done that the majority of leave voters voted for control - sovereignty, control of our borders, control of our waters etc Oh, so we trust polls now? We implement the biggest change to this nation's future in a generation based on the ever-reliable polls? That's your answer? FFS. Face it: the referendum was a big, big fuck-up that tried to boil down the most complicated possible process into a one-word answer. The very fact that you're desperately trying to write your own version of history based on what *you* want just shows the endless ambiguity to it. You can't tell me that 97% of Leave voters wanted to leave the single market as well as the EU, because it wasn't stated and polls are inconsistent and unreliable and reveal only that most people who voted leave have different views of what they were voting for. It wasn't in the referendum, therefore Cameron fucked it up by not asking the right question, the leave campaign fucked it up by not being able to give a consistent answer as to what a leave vote actually meant - although I 100% believe the leave campaigns actually embraced the ambiguity knowing that anyone could assume it meant anything other than what came before and they wouldn't be held account to deliver on it. What a fucking mess.
&gt; Democracy already is winner takes all. Wrong, because of parliamentary process. A government is elected on a mandate but they still have to get every piece of new legislation passed through parliament. If they have a majority of one in the house then they need every single one of their MPs to vote it in. Even if that happens, 5 years later there's another general election and the opportunity exists to undo what was done. &gt; Only 51% of leave voters have to wish to leave the single market for it to be a valid choice Incorrect, because 51% of 51% is &lt;26% overall, and that's obviously significantly lower than the remain vote. So what actually happened was that the referendum *did not specify what a leave vote meant*, which effectively meant the vote came down to "current status quo" versus "anything you can dream up". It was a big fuck-up because still now *nobody can articulate exactly what it was that people voted for*. It's a fucking mess.
Information that is always the same - such as what? Name, address, date of birth - but then what? I don't want to just receive answers to specific pre-ordained questions, I want to be able to ask my own questions.
Oh, whatever. Looks like Theresa May now also thinks the way you do, so fuck it, what's the point any more.
Don't you find all this queuing up to stick a tongue up Trump's arse to be a little nauseating? Where's the UK independence in that? Sounds more like the Sucking up to the US party to me.
I have un-friended at least 3 people for their over-sharing of Momentum-styled crap on Facebook.
Why does he have to choose either? He doesn't.
I agree with a lot of that. I think what Farron right now is doing is more like putting clear water between him and Labour, knowing that if he can get disaffected former Labour voters voting Lib Dem instead there's a chance of overtaking Labour and UKIP in the polls. If we get close to the election and LDs are still only polling around 10% then Farron needs to start picking his alliances, but at the moment I think he's seeing it that there are many millions of disaffected voters cut loose from Labour and he's currently most interested in getting them interested in voting Lib Dem. To be honest if Farron can't capitalise on this then perhaps he's not the right man for the job. Between disaffected Blairites, disaffected Remain voters, the Europhile/left-wing of the Tory party there's potentially a massive voting bloc there - imagine if you could draw in potential SNP/Green support as well - and for me it'd just take one strong leader, whoever that may be - the equivalent of Blair in 97 - to come in and make it happen - and then the Tories would suddenly face a genuine threat to what otherwise looks like a guaranteed election win in 2020.
That we don't just blindly stumble into something permanently damaging for our country?
Correct, and guess what - irrespective of any referendum my voice and my vote still count exactly the same as everyone else's. Those who 'won' the referendum seem to think that we are now on an irreversible course: we're not. Theresa May's will to drive through the hardest, shittiest Brexit that turns us into a tax-dodgers' paradise will last exactly as long as people are willing to support it; at present there is little decent opposition which is allowing her to rail-road through things that nobody asked for. It's no good just saying a vote to leave the EU is more or less the same as a vote to leave the single market: that question wasn't asked, so there is no mandate for it, and we don't make government policy by going "well, the people asked for this, but what we think they *really* meant was actually that so we're going to rail-road that through instead". May is outright lying saying that a vote to leave the EU always meant a vote to leave the single market - there are ample quotes from leave campaigners contradicting this. So many shitty things now coming our way: all these countries queuing up for trade deals with the UK know, just like Nissan did, that the UK are in a desperately weak negotiating position: they want to make deals precisely because they hold all the cards and we are going to have to properly bend over. Can you imagine Theresa May driving a hard bargain with Trump? She can't, because she can't be seen not to get some sort of deal, so she'll have to take whatever is offered, which is going to be a good deal for the US and a shit one for the UK. Power-sharing in Northern Ireland is under threat once again, Scottish independence back on the table, food prices are rising. Theresa May trying to talk tough but having to add the veiled threat of the UK becoming an offshore tax haven: how the fuck does *anyone* think that is a good way to take our country? Stop article 50? Maybe not. Stop us leaving the EU? Maybe not. But there will be a second referendum, and a third, and a fourth: they're called general elections and every one will be a fresh mandate for whoever is in power at the end of it. And for all the time that we are continuing down this backwards, insular route that will weaken us as a nation and turn us into a pariah state loathed by our neighbours, desperately begging for trade deals just when we are at our weakest - for all that time I will call out that it's a shit idea, a fucking stupid idea that was taken based on lies, misinformation and an impotent rage that was entirely misplaced. The EU has, for several decades, just become an easy blame sponge for lazy tabloid journalists and politicians all too ready to invent bullshit to blame others for their own failings. Christ I hate what this country is turning into - and no, before anyone says it I won't fuck off and live in another country, because this is my country and I will keep fighting to stop others turning it into some insular tax haven where only money talks and the only foreigners we like are the Saudi billionaires and Russian gangsters buying up all of central London. Who are we going to blame then?
Who's belittling our country? I'm not. I'm as patriotic as any leave voter, I just happen to understand the world of business and negotiation and know a weak position when I see one. Do you not think it at all suspicious and prescient that the negotiations that happened between Nissan and the government were kept secret? Why do you think that was, because Nissan caved in to the government's amazing position of strength? Don't be daft. As for 'wanting repeated referendums until you get the result you want': well yeah; when a government does something you don't like, do you just shrug and say "nothing I can do", or do you consider how you might exercise your democratic right to change the views of the people and therefore the government? I want to persuade enough people that the leave vote was a shit idea so that at the next opportunity to give the government a mandate it's a different one. Entirely my right, as is free speech on the subject.
&gt; Every leader on both sides of the debate made it clear that a vote to leave the EU was a vote to leave the single market That's just a massive myth that's being peddled in an attempt to re-write history in a more convenient way for those who have to now implement this shambles. Read [this](http://anotherangryvoice.blogspot.co.uk/2017/01/theresa-may-just-told-enormous-lie.html) for a comprehensive set of quotes that show it's just utter bollocks. Or [this](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/eu-referendum-boris-johnson-brexit-support-single-market-leave-european-union-video-a7089991.html) if you prefer. &gt; That is like voting for a party and then saying they have no mandate to enact the manifesto pledges they made. No, a better parallel would be if a government got a mandate to reintroduce the death penalty and then decided that this would mean public crucifictions every weekend in city centres. They are taking a very marginal outcome on a massively non-specific single-word answer and using it as a mandate to drive through whatever they like with impunity. It's a farce, and ten years from now we will be having a Chilcot-style enquiry into how parliamentary process was so completely sidelined by such opportunistic chancers.
What the remain campaign were doing was saying "there is a danger that voting leave will end up meaning we have to leave the single market as well" - why do you think they would have to say that, if not to counter that there were members of the Leave campaign suggesting it would be possible to leave the EU but remain in the single market? Anyway, I thought everything the remain side said was 'project fear'? The fact of it is, the leave campaign *didn't really specify either way* because they knew that their best bet was always letting people believe whatever fantasy they wanted. They didn't say for certain that it would mean leaving the single market as they knew that people might then fear not getting the real change they wanted; they didn't say they necessarily would leave the single market as they didn't want to put off the more risk-averse leave voters. So they just made vague, unsubstantiated appeals to emotion that promised whatever anyone believed they wanted. Boris Johnson's ever-changing position is a perfect example of this - some kind of Schrodingers Opinion, capable of being both leave and remain and hard and soft Brexit all at once until you open the box to reveal what you voted for.
I've said this already: the Remain campaign talked about the dangers of a hard Brexit because they wanted people to be aware that a Leave vote might mean the full driving-off-a-cliff scenario. 'Project Fear', remember? The Leave campaigns didn't state clearly what anyone was voting for. That's the point. When asked most Leave campaigners just trotted out the weak line about "that'll be up to us when we take back control" - only here we are, and apparently *it's not up to us at all*: a tiny majority for the Leave vote and a tiny majority for the Tories in the Commons and yet they're rail-roading through a hard Brexit with no mandate at all to do so. I don't know whether to despair more at this or at the total absence of a credible opposition who should be ripping the government to shreds on a daily basis over it.
I'd have thought it less that Brexit would be a success in itself, but that Brexit becomes a trigger for a crisis in the EU, whether it's financial or other countries also looking to leave as well, meaning that everyone starts to think they're better off out of it.
I was thinking more about the Leave campaigns in general than May specifically - but they all led us to this point.
