Does that spikey gelled hair of the late 90's- early 00's count? I did that in late elementry to early middle school. And I had a few pairs of baggy cargo pants too.
Really? I'm New Jersey but have been living in the Tampa Bay Area for the last 10 years. Before this season 90% of people I knew claimed to hate hockey or say its a Canadian sport and thought I was strange for liking Hockey over basketball or not following college football. (Which I swear is bigger than the NFL here). Now everyone is a bolts fan in the area. In away though its a good thing, hopeful the hockey playing population grows and maybe we will get an Ice Rink that's actually in Tampa. (I believe they are building one just north of Tampa).
Dade City too. Plenty of Confederate Flags everywhere. It was a culture shock first time I went there.
/u/mlennox is that picture behind your back pack in picture 4 this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seC63AEk4-8
I want to fly one day just like your Grandfather! Do you know what aircraft that is? Its hard to tell by simply the exterior of the cockpit. I'm going to guess F-8.
I'm not even a big NFL fan I watch a Giants game when I get one and that's it. Playing football is fun but I honestly always thought watching it was kind of slow. I'm weird, prefer Baseball and Hockey, always have. A lot of people down here tell me baseball is boring. In the Northeast, Baseball is actually bigger than Football. I guess I could be hanging out with the wrong crowds. Everyone I know who likes or plays hockey in the area is from out of state like me. I'm glad hockey is growing in Florida not sure if it will ever reach the level of popularity in the Northeast or Great Lakes states but its growing.
I know I have this card laying around somewhere http://s19.photobucket.com/user/spyboy1/media/TSG%20Blog/Lindrosfuturesuperstarcard.jpg.html
NOT true... This guy owns a giant panda https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFDUOfRXP_k
"Did ya here, DiMaggio hit a home run last night?" "Yeah, I listened to it last night, right before I climbed into bed with the old lady."
Curious what high schools in the area have hockey teams? I graduated in 2010 and I didn't know any did. I knew at Brandon they had high school age hockey but don't remember any official high school teams. The Tampa Bay Skating Academy only seems to list High School Age hockey on its website but not a mention of official high school hockey either. Tampa is growing but I personally going to head out west somewhere after college and the military. Owning landing and housing are way way way to expensive in the area. Not as bad as New Jersey but still expensive. Edit: Looks like there are some official high school hockey teams in Tampa. I lived just outside of Tampa and my High School and most of the ones in my area don't have hockey teams.
It looks like a marble.
&gt; 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz Hey! I googled that above name, the only thing that came up was this read thread. You made that story up!
I think that guy made that story up. If you google 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz. THe only thing that comes up is this Reddit Thread.
yeah I found that FHSHA page when I googled it earlier. My high schools and none of the high schools in my area just outside of Tampa had hockey none of them are listed. As for the missing school Tampa itself, I'm not surprised that Hillsborough high school isn't listed. That school is ghetto is hell. Yeah I have some family do to the military moved out west and stayed after they got out. Low cost of living yet similar or better salaries that back east, cheap land and less traffic. I have family in Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Michigan. Each one of them loves their new state more than Jersey, New York or Florida.
The only difference for me personally, the first three are all Pro Mod drag racing instead of NASCAR. The sitting in traffic one is the one that hits home the closest.
Made the state and local Park Rangers are more conservative like police while the federal ones are more liberal.
I guess the ones I'm thinking of and the one I know is basically a cop for a park. Carries a gun, taser, baton, etc. Curious, why did the one shoot pepper spray and burn children?
No the upper middle class liberal stereotype I was referring to are private pilots, once who don't fly for a living. Usually the ones at the local air field are very Liberal. I think its because most of them are lawyers.
Damn that sucks. That sounds crazy, I feel bad for the kids. THe ones around here
Careful man, there's a brand new suit here...
Goldeneye and Lord the Rings did this (though in Lord of the Rings he wasn't pure evil, just corrupted by the ring and still fought hard to save the hobbits to his death). National Treasure its been awhile but didn't we know he was the villian in the beginning of the movie?
LOL I'm not super old (only in my early 20s) but I remember in the late 90's- early 2000s all the Yankees fans were Rangers and all of the Mets fans were Islanders fans in New York and Devils fans in Jersey. I guess its changed a lot since I've been in Florida the last 10 years. Your not a Jets fan to are you? PS I kind of like Mets, I would like them more but the 2000 World Series kind of killed that.
To loosely quote the movie Midway "Ram it home Hawks! Ram it home!"
When it comes to studying and perfecting the "art of bank robbery" I got to know, how many times did you watch heat? Also do you still feel guilty about it a few years later?
Oh Yeah well Yo Mama is so fat that after I got done I having sex with her, I rolled over twice and I was still on top of her.
It's cool to see that Norman is a Triumph man in real life!
I can honestly say that your Dad taught you correctly!
Alright boys 1 nothing, get some insurance goals!
Military?
Oh wow! When my cousin was the Army he would watch Rangers games on his Laptop when he was stationed in Korea.
It doesn't say. Which is what confuses me too. It simply says find the simple interest and gives me those 3 numbers plus the answers I listed it. I tried google this before and most forums gave the same thing you did or the question has more context.
ok so I simplifyed 2(3w+2) + 2w= 132 6w+4+2w=132 then 8w+4=132 then 8w=128 w=16 is that correct? Then how would I solve for L?
It was so weird voting for the All Star game and not seeing his name under Short Stop... I voted for Reyes but it just didn't feel right. I even almost voted for Bogaerts...
so then I did 3w+2=132 3w=132 w=43.33 Is this correct? So W is 16 and L is 43.33?
So when solving for the L you don't use the 132 if you know the Width? What confuses me the most is knowing what numbers you are the suppose to use during what time.
Thanks!
I'm confused what you are trying to say by curve? Is the curve simply the line itself?
THank you.
Thank you
Why did he pick 20/20? and not just divide 61 by 5 then multiply y 100?
Why would Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid meet with Wyatt Earp?
Marcus Luttrell for one, Matt Best, R. Lee Ermey, other than not I'm not sure.
Clint Eastwood... He learned to shoot at 7/11
IT'S HIS HAT MR. KRABS!
that makes sense! But what about Morgan? Was he wished back by the Dragon Balls?
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/55/59/b1/5559b1c582de54e4d43f68bdf7de63b9.jpg
I love all of the Aviation photos. Especially the ones of the F-86 and the F-80s.
Maybe http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--auHeEneR--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/kd4gtdmhsr0v5t7inkdj.jpg But I still think he looks pretty close to this Buddy Holly picture http://s3.amazonaws.com/electric-lit-assets/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/buddy-holly-glasses.jpg
I always thought Joker And The Thief sounded more like a 70's hard rock song. But that's just me.
A+S=246 so A+2A=246? Then I solve 3a=246 so A= 82 So S= 2(82) S= 164 164+ 82= 246.
Apples are the masters at marketing. However, It's been awhile since I used an iPhone but I thought it was fairly simple and lacked features compared to my Droid Bionic at the time (this was 2011-13).
My Droid Bionic ran faster, had better graphics for games (not a big gamer either) was way more durable (I drop it a few times and the screen never cracked) and was way cheaper than an iPhone. I guess I don't need an expensive flashy iPhone. I'm good with my cheap Droid that does everything an iPhone does for 1/3 of the cost.
Yeah I guess so. I'm not a big tech guy so I guess for me a simple Droid is fine. I don't need an expensive or flashy iPhone. It's weird though my Droid is fraction of the cost of an iPhone and does all of the same stuff. Plus I thought it had better games.
It's a good thing she's cute... Anyone else wanna scream "the answer is 1 fucking hour!"
Your first paragraph I half agree with. That said, I know a couple of girls who model who are intelligent and could figure out this question. These girls most only care about fashion too, it's there life and hobby. Your second paragraph, I agree 100%! Society in general is afraid of failure so they take the safe route and don't even try so their is no chance of getting shot down or failing. I was kind of like that at 18-21. At 22 something hit me and I said I'd rather try to reach my dream and fail then that live a safe mediocre life. You are spot on to something my friend. I love the paper houses metaphor.
I like money
Yep MacDill AFB in Tampa, right by the water. Has KC-135s.
and Droid politics we need more politics and trade negotiations involving droids.
That must of been awesome meeting the two of them. My dad got to meet Wally Schirra years ago at a trade show which had a bunch of Aerospace companies. He got my an Autographed Copy of his Autobiography Schirra's space. My Dad said he was a very nice man, still liked to Joke around.
That Paul Revere shouted "The British are coming" He actually shouted "The regulars are coming" but thanks to the 1860 poem Paul Revere's Ride "the British are coming" has become what was thought to have said. Oh yeah there were more riders that Paul Revere too.
The Zodiac Killer!
I'm a Chevy guy also doesn't like Obama much either but seriously? Somebody slash this guys tires and force him to get a tow.
I said I'm a Chevy guy too. Its not the truck its the fact that he takes up 5 parking spaces is the reason I would slash his tires. I'm not a big Ford guy but wouldn't slash a Mustang or an F-150s tires just because they are Fords only if they are douches who take up more than one parking space just to be a douche. (For the record I'm never slashed anyone tires but people who double park and take up more than one space deserve it).
Please tell me your dad drove an IROC
Except for the 50's. Everything looks good from the 50's. I swear though the late 90's to mid 2000s already look bad.
I still believe Pete Rose should be in the Hall. Bring on the down votes haters! Oh yeah Shoeless Joe too!
I think your too young too understand it. Panic at the disco was an emo band big in the mid to late 2000s
Anything Koston does is timeless! I love the dart throwing to decide a skate spot. Its been awhile since I watched the Berrics. Eric: "Get that?" Lady: "Yeah, I have it on tape?" Eric: "Cool can we watch it?" Lady"Yeah when I show it too the police" Eric's face is priceless
LOL Funniest comment I have read in awhile
I went on the internet and I found this!
Dude that sounds like an awesome experience! What branch were you in? I wish you had a photo to post but still an awesome story none the less.
I'm in my 20s and I still like DBZ and Hot WHeels Cars (despite owning a classic Camaro). I'm a guy and I actually liked a couple of songs by the band Haim. (even the song Forever)... I also U2 (80's to 91 U2 not there later crap, except for Beautiful Day that's a good song). I also like some of Sammy Hager's songs.
Ricky: The puck is stuck in the fuckin' sour drain Bubbles: That's sewer drain Ricky... Ricky: Oh yeah, right on (Bubbles takes a look) Holy Fuck that's in there good. Jullian: Let's get out Ricky: Corey, Trevor pull the puck out and don't fuck this up. Corey and Trevor accidentally push the puck down the sewer The boys then spend the rest of the episode trying to find a new puck to play hockey with.
Everyone needs to get together and sue State Farm because when I say like a good Neighbor no state farm agent appears...
Did I miss the offensive part? I get spikes was a pun but I didn't find it offensive.
What does Samuel L Jackson's dog look like?!? Does he look like a bitch?
I think you need to watch the movie Taps (1981) again Major Moreland... Pay close attention to what the National Guard Col. says. "You're a death lover" https://youtu.be/wxnZ2fKKQR0?t=1h57m35s (watch to 1:59:40) Seriously don't join the military if your intent is to die and become a hero. All you are going to do is get your men killed in you (that is if you are planning on going in as an Officer since you are waiting till after college). Seriously if that is your goal, stick to playstation...
LOL Best troll I have seen in awhile
No? I'm not allowed to post fan fiction in here?
lol Ill try not to. But writing a good episode is denial and error.
Into stars again! Same old trip it was back then!
Can confirm. I own a 1986 Camaro IROC Z28 with the Tuned Port Injection and she eats Mustangs all the time. Occasionally when she wants a quick snack a 90's Civic or a 90s BMW M3 will do.
That's kind of funny because didn't Ford own a piece of De Tomaso back in the day? (or atleast some De Tomaso's had Ford V-8 engines).
No GM cancelled the F-Body (Camaro and Firebird) in 2002 because they thought the late 20 something market would want SUVs so they converted the F-Body plant into the Pontiac Aztek (which no one but Walter White brought). I have no idea why the Camaro is stereotype among non muscle car guys as a POS. They were great cars with possibly the largest aftermarket. In 2002 the LS1 motor made 305 horsepower and has one of the best aftermarkets to this day. The thing about the F-Body platform (1867-2002) they were a real niche car. They were basically designed and marketed for drag racers and that was the market. That's what the ads showed too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0_zI8nDAGo
I have no idea why you are being downvoted when it's right here on Ford's website https://media.ford.com/content/fordmedia/fna/us/en/features/it_s-a-plane--its-a-horse--no--its-the-ford-mustang-and-one-of-t.html "R.H. Bob Maguire, my boss, and I were looking through a list of names for the car. I had been reading about the P-51 Mustang airplane and suggested the name Mustang in remembrance of the P-51, but Bob thought the name as associated with the airplane was too ‘airplaney’ and rejected that idea. I again suggested the same name Mustang, but this time with a horse association because it seemed more romantic. He agreed and we together selected that name right on the spot, and that’s how it got its name."
yep long time lol
I Googled it. Ford 289s and Ford 302s powered the 67-71 Mangustas as well. https://www.hagerty.com/price-guide/1968-DeTomaso-Mangusta
Now how do I simplify the more complex (u^-4w^4)(2uv^3/w^-1)^-3?
Yeah no problem (u^-4 w^-4) (2uv^3 / w^-1) ^-3
what do you mean by expand out? I'm confused.
I tried Googling the FOIL method but I'm not sure I am understanding it and what do you mean by (a+b)^2?
Where did the 2x and the 2x^2 +10x +12 come from?
Oh that confused me. I thought it had something to do with this problem.
Yes please do. I will need help with a few other things as well. If tomorrow is better for you that will work too (as you may be Jet lagged after 5 hours of traveling).
Rush did that back in the very early 80s. They wrote a song about how driving is illegal (I a assuming because of self driving cars) and the narrator visits his uncles far to drive his uncles vintage (I'm guessing Ferrari) Barchette (a roadster) and drives around the country side. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uukZgfHZIoc
I'm glad someone got the reference! LOL Hopefully I'll finish it by the end of this week. Though work and my summer college classes slow things down a bit.
Do you regret selling it. With its 275 horsepower LT1 engine?
"my horse is English Racing green." I'm guessing that's a reference to Steve McQueen's 1967 Mustang in Bullit.
Did anyone else get a "The Warriors" vibe from this as in the movie. It's like Warriors meets Fallout. "Warriors come out and play."
In the late 90s (and probably for most of the 20th Century) the stereotype for the New York/New Jersey area was that your baseball team determineded your other sports teams. So if you were a Yankees fan you were a Rangers fan and a Giants Fan. Mets fan Islanders fan and a Jets fan. Mets fan in New Jersey- Devils fan and Jets fan. However, since the early 2000s this has changed a lot with people liking all different teams. But its a safe bet to assume they like either the Giants or the Jets.
I've always been the odd ball when it comes to Football and Hockey in my family. My dad and my late Grandfather only casually followed the Rangers and only ever played unorganized street hockey. They closely follow the Giants. Myself I am the opposite I only casually follow the Giants but love Hockey. I was the first to play organized hockey in my family and when fall comes I am all about hockey.
I personally never could get into Basketball.
My mom and her side of the family are all huge Knicks and basketball fans. They tried getting me to play but I never enjoyed it. I loved playing Baseball and played that a lot growing up.
I don't know if it's your user name but for some reason reading about how your dad broke the news that Neil Armstrong passed to you, made American Pie by Don McLean pop into my head. So bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye Singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die
Y2K bigger than 9/11? You must not be American. u/avsauce36 I was only 9 when 9/11 and didn't really fully understand what was going on but I remember both paranoia and anger in the air. I remember people saying things like how we need to nuke the entire middle east, how WWIII was about to begin, on the days after people were fearing more attacks and when the anthrax scare happened just a few months later people thought it was the second attacks. (It wasn't until 05 or so we found out the anthrax wasn't Al Qaeda). The months after 9/11 were a very confusing time.
&gt; First cost of a movie ticket is a lot more than it was when Avatar came out. It only went up $2 since 2009 in my area. It was $9 back then now it's $11. But then again that does add up.
I wonder how much this is worth today? Also A-7 (or A-8 model), zippo lighters and what looks to be a Squadron plaque on the mantle... Your dad was a Naval Aviator!
Not American but Richard Branson could be Batman. I think John McAfee is Tony Stark.
John McAfee is Tony Stark.
Yep. Plus all his pictures with guns, his mannerisms and his speech remind me of RDJ.
I just heard about Arn back in October or so while looking for a more realistic Medieval movie. Watched the movie they had on Netflix and was very confused. A little while later found out it was actually a miniseries and found that subbed on Youtube.
I still say the Rangers are more popular than the Devils in New Jersey and the Rangers and the Bruins are the most popular teams in Florida.
In the late 90s and early 2000s Ocean County and Monmouth County were all Rangers. Not sure if its changed. Atlantic county is where Flyers country began.
I'm guessing the Turtle is OP and the girl came to him. Nice job turtle.
I honestly can't relate to the feeling for either ice or indoor roller. However, for outdoor roller when I visit Tampa there is an outdoor rink that I swear I am the only one who ever uses it or knows about it.
I haven't watched Big Bang in a few years but they have to be out of ideas by now. That show ran its course around 2010-11.
I'm not sure how old this rink is but it has two permanent nets (one is still in great shape, the other not so much) and its the size of an ice rink with a neutral zone! It also has penalty boxes. Its in a public park that's part of a apartment complex that for years was the Ghetto. There is a friendly old black guy who lives in the apartments who said something along the lines that I am the only one he ever sees using it and that "there ain't no white boys around here" so he's not sure why they built a hockey rink years ago.
Good idea Hank. Bobby: But dad the commercials are the best part. Hank: Dang it Bobby!
Why? A guy with a 7.97 era in 20 innings, mostly in Tropicana Field... Is there something I am missing about this guy?
I still have a perfectly working 2002 PS2 with both games and DVD.
Fireman
There are buyers if you know where to look and who to talk. Believe me they are a bunch of old baby boomers with too much money looking for a Outlaw 10.5 car or a fast door slammer.
I never regularly watched it but I got bored of it fast around 2011. It seemed like every episode became Penny and Leorned breaking up and getting back together again. The Indian guy likes a girl, can't talk to her, drinks a beer can talk to her but they beer wears off and he gets shy again. Howard and his mom yell at each other for five minutes. Then Sheldon who started out as funny just became annoying.
Nope. They are more New Yorkers and New Englanders that like hockey in Florida than Native Floridians that do. Hell even when the Rangers were in Tampa a few weeks ago it was all Rangers fans at Amalie.
Curious how popular is hockey in Idaho? I know its a cold state near British Columbia and Alberta. Is hockey popular there?
No problem man http://www.yelp.com/biz/tom-oliver-memorial-hockey-rink-tampa Looks like a group meets there every once in awhile for pick up hockey. I honestly don't know anyone from this group but here is there facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/TomOliverMemorialHockeyRink It looks like it hasn't been active since 2013 but the last time I was at the rink was May 2015.
Damn. I had some terrible teachers that I despised with a passion but never one that told me to fuck off and die.
Or Gary Busy for that matter.
Holy shit I never knew George McFly was so weird. Is he paranoid from meth usage or is he just insane?
This happened in 2001 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hainan_Island_incident
I read the biography/book on it by the pilot Lt. Shane Osbourne years ago tilted Born to Fly. It was mostly geared toward middle school age students. From what I remember when there plane was hit it was an insane situation as it was hard to bail out as the door is right by the prop and no one had ever successfully belly landed an EP-3 on water before. So he had no choice but to land in China.
As a Camaro owner I want to down vote this but she looks way too nice. The drag tires, the cowl induction hood and the black paint are all a great combo. What motor and set up are you running? What ETs?
At his max Pete Rose weighed 190lbs at 6 foot. No way he took steroids. He's too small.
&gt; car dealerships Isn't car dealerships being shady common knowledge? At least it was around me household.
Pre-schools/Nursery Schools. Usually the worst of the worst teachers end up teaching there because they were incapable of teaching elementary school for some reason. That combined with sticking a bunch of women in one location you asking for nothing but cattiness, drama and gossip. Source: My mom is a career nursery school teacher and has worked for both Private and Public schools in 2 states. She has seen it all.
Night Clubs/Night Club Promoting. When it comes to most college night clubs a lot of times the promoting companies higher local models/let hot college girls in for free to make the club look active. While many of this girls pretend to flirt with guys for free drinks. Basically the night club industry is about image. As long as on the clubs facebook page the club looks active and full of hot girls. They know they will make money off of desperate horny guys.
&gt; Also, Arnon Milchan, a producer on movies like Fight Club, Gone Girl, and most recently, The Revenant, allegedly used his connections to steal U.S. military secrets and send them to Israel a few years back. Not a conspiracy theory, it was on the mainstream news. For whatever reason, he faced no repercussions for what he did. With the close, tight night relationship the US and Israel have, why would there be any repercussions? I'm sure its stuff we were going to tell them anyway.
Honestly I'd buy a higher quality ABS stick. A name brand one from inline Warehourse like a Sherwood, CCM or Alkali. Or buy your self a composite shaft and use the ABS blade for roller and a standard blade for Ice.
We may lose and we may win though we will never be here again so open up, I'm climbin' in, so take it easy RIP Glenn
Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat!
DUCKS FLY TOGETHER!
What's this the Oreo Line?
What did you do? MY JOB... (the way that kid says it is so evil).
After reading your comment I can help but think of this scene from Airheads https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8lstC5SGPg
Baseball and Hockey are my two favorite sports. The two I grew up playing and still play. For Baseball it's 61*, 42, The Natural, Field of Dreams and Major League. (Bull Durham and For Love of the Game are close but not my top 5). For Hockey it's Miracle, The Rocket, Goon, Slap Shot and Mystery, Alaska plus the Mighty Ducks.
Some how I forgot about the Sandlot. It's ahead of Bull Durham and For Love of the Game for me.
This is [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiwlH8wB7mY)
I like the way you think! My mom's gonna love this. Her birthday is coming up so this is going to be a good surprise.
She's just playing basketball with Dee Reynolds.
Earn that paycheck random dude.
If I remember correctly it was Grandy, Andruw Jones and I forget who the third one was.
My dad was sort of one when Dan Marino played era, but I think he mostly just liked Marino. He's always been a Giants fan.
I hate any team based in New England. The Bruins, The Pats and of course those god damn Red Sox.
Wait... what shoes?
"Greatest hockey player in the world... number 4! Bobby Orr! Whatta future he's got huh?" Edit: You know that's a quote Robert Mitchum says in Eddie Coyle but I can imagine Frank depressingly saying it in F is For Family.
I hope a full comic of this gets made.
Iroquois: Have You guys seen Snake's custom M4 Carbine? Otacon: Yeah that's things weird looking. Iroquois: No it's not. it's awsome, let me show you. (Leaves, room, comes back in waving the M4 around, pointing the barrel at Raiden, Otacon, and Johnny). Look at it up close. Otacon: That things dangerous man, looks poorly made, like an airsoft gun. Iroquois: THEN YOU DON'T HAVE TO LOOK AT IT ANYMORE! (Throws M4 against wall, it shatters).
Can't say I ever liked the Fine Bros much, but seriously this makes me never want to watch them ever again.
I remember those. I remember there was the one with the Marines too.
&gt; Feel free to post source of others bringing multiple peoples into a room and having them react to a video while filming it to prove me wrong. Here you go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ea2eNA38vk They brought multiple in the room and had them react to it while them filmed them. Before the Fine Bros existed.
Honestly... I was just being a smartass with my last comment.
I knew as soon as you said "My name is Pliskin. Iroquois Pliskin. LT. Junior Grade."
This is even cooler than Clerks!
Are we actually going to get some exposition or plot details in #12? Seriously does anyone actually know what CL44 is about?
We know nothing so far. With Marble Hornets we knew Alex was making a movie and stopped because the Operator kept appearing right from episode. In the next few entries we see more of the Operator and Alex starting to film himself sleep. Finally Jay goes into Alex and Brian's houses. (with the exception of Jay entering the houses all of the other stuff I mentioned we learned by Entry 12). In 12 Broadcasts of Clearlakes 44 we know nothing. No characters names, no background to whats going on, no clue as to what these broadcasts are for, what Clearlakes is. Nothing. So Yeah I want some plot and some exposition.
I guess it's Pond hockey rules?
But it's not the same as have proper names as Jay, Alex and Tim. Plus what is the point of them? Who are they? Who is the birdwatcher? So far just some cripple. Right from the beginning of Marble Hornets we actually had a plot. We don't have one in Clearlakes 44. Also I am going to compare Clearlakes to MH because of how good MH was is the only reason I am watching Clearlakes and I guarantee most people are only watching Clearlakes because of Marble Hornets. I know it's suppose to be different but so far it's been pretty dull and pointless. Also they are losing views because of it.
What backstory? The only thing we know about Birdwatcher is that he is a cripple, the Walker is watching him and he has a therapist. I know nothing about him. There is nothing remotely interesting about him. With Alex we knew right from the start that he was paranoid and someone or something was stalking him. You're right. I can't dissociate CL44 from MH because MH is the only reason I'm watching Cl44. Also MH had excellent story telling and was by far the best fictional series on Youtube. CL44 has had poor story telling thus far. Even Everymanhybrid, TribeTwelve and dare I say it... Lonelygirl15... had better story telling right from the start. (Well the last one might be debatable). The only reason I am still watching CL44 is because I loved MH and I like THAC, so I am hoping it gets better. But so far I do not like CL44.
Maskey and Hoody came later after we already were introduced to Alex, Jay, Brian, Seth, Jessica, etc. Besides they were fan names and we learned they were Tim and Brian. We also already had great backstory on Alex and Jay. I cared a lot about both characters from the start. I wanted Jay to find Alex and I was worried about Alex (when we thought he was a good guy and the victim). Honestly I don't care much about Birdwatcher. He's just there...
It's not even just because its not MH 2. CL44 sucks because so far it's been very dull. Even if MH never existed and what we have so far for CL44 does, CL44 still sucks. It's dull and has poor story telling. This may change in the future but so far not feeling it.
I'm rewatching them right now actually. If you thing Birdwatcher is character I should care about. Explain why right now? No hostility. Just explain it simply. Example: In the beginning of EHB, I cared about Evan and the others because they were funny and looked like they were having a good time. Or With TribeTwelve I found Noah's backstory with his cousin interesting, so I wanted to keep watching. Let's keep MH out of this. Just explain to me why I should care about Birdwatcher.
Look at you. You can't even pass!
Your views are similar to mine. I don't completely hate him either but not his biggest fan.
That's interesting. Honestly I am not very knowledgeable about HP Lovecraft other than Cthulhu (which I mostly know from South Park and the Metallica instrumental).
&gt; One of the more troubling and confusing things is the camera angles we've had BC#5 and on wards. All of them have been from impossible angles, switching to-and-from spots with no camera or person there to record. I honestly believe this to be the biggest reason why there's so much confusion with the series (aside from a slow delivery of exposition). Hopefully this will be explained further; for now, it seems to be simply a purely filming choice that has nothing to do with the events in-universe. Except of course, the latest video has challenged that idea. Your explanation was excellent and very detailed. The camera angles have been bothering me too. They kind of remind me of those old school multi-camera angle sitcoms (except this isn't a studio set). I'm still wondering why this is. BC#11 was interesting as it seemed like Totheark. I'm worried about what's going to happen with Tim and Joseph gone? We did see Tim in a CL44 video but now that he left what happens now?
"For our next challenge on top gear, we are going to have to push one of these Super cars back over and drive it to town without stopping for repairs."
I was an Automotive Journalist. If someone did claim to be one I would simply ask who they wrote for and Google their name plus the website or magazine they claim to write for. Or I would ask them if they think it's a great idea to install a muffler bearing on a 1983 Corvette.
Sports card values crashed around 2000-2001. All of the so called "rare cards" weren't as rare as people thought. Everybody and their mother had them. Even my 1958 Andy Bathgate isn't worth anything. Even my 1993 Derek Jeter rookie is only worth $10 or so.
&gt; I always wondered though, are those REALLY authentic game worn jerseys? :/ The question everyones been asking since the 90s. Only Upper Deck and Topps actually know.
Let's start with a 1983 Corvette. You buy it, then I'll take car of the muffler bearings, the blinker fluid and the o-pipe exhaust.
About the biggest pair you eva since dingleberry!
I will have to check that one out. His acting was good in the Vanishing on 7th Street but I didn't care for the movie much so I didn't mention it earlier.
&gt; The problem is that he doesn't take his job seriously (because he's bored, which is why it's so sad that he's stuck there for all that time when he has so much more potential). This right here is one of the reasons I kind of didn't like Jim and Pam as much as everyone else. Jim had charm and wit to do something else in life. Yet he stuck around only for Pam. I guess the cynic in me thought it was more pathetic then romantic. At least he got a Sports Agency at the end.
&gt; I can't sympathize with Lois after the finale. Her demands of Malcolm were ridiculously controlling. He wasn't out of control there - he was being offered a great job that would make him tons of money. She rejected it FOR him because of what SHE wanted him to do. It's the definition of a controlling Mom. I remember reading some article online a few years ago about how different people relate to different characters in Malcolm in the Middle. Anyway the author believed that as a mother herself that Lois not letting Malcolm take the job (Wall Street job right?) was a good thing because she would want her kids to earn it. My reaction was that's bullshit. Malcolm spent his entire childhood dealing with an idiot family and working his ass off in school. He's earned a six figure job as far as I am considered. I hated Lois after that too.
Helo was a character that grow on me. Hated him in the prequel when he wants to stay behind on Caprica as he felt everything was hopeless. He quickly grows into a badass, becomes an effective officer and ends up with the hot chick. Also I always felt Doc Cottle was underrated. He reminded me a bit of Col. Potter from M*A*S*H.
I can't really say there is anyone in It's Always Sunny I ever disliked. I liked all of the cast from the start.
Peggy and Bobby I didn't like at first but then I realized unlike the other animated sitcoms were the dad is the mubbling idiot in King of the Hill Hank is the smart one surrounded by idiots. There for Peggy and Bobby have to be the way the are.
On my college campus it seems like all the kids with Honda S2000s, Subaru STis and Lancer Evos are the spoiled brats who's parents bought them those cars. Most of are the same as how you described they talk shit about anyone who doesn't drive the same style car they do or wear the same expensive clothes or shoes. Me I'm the broke kid with an 86 Camaro IROC Z28that I payed for myself. All of there cars may be faster now but in the future my car will be a fast drag car.
&gt; Or straight line speed. Or safety. Or value for money. WTF? Muscle cars dominate drag racing. Also have you seen any car auctions? Muscle cars bring in way more money than any import. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzAwQA2j0i4
10 Cent Beer Night Part 2: $1 Beer Night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJL0Xc2lYWU
&gt; now that I think about it a rubber bullet would probably take out Zombies at this point Punching them in the head would probably work at this point. BB Guns too.
Same here. They are all assholes but that's why we love them.
That is true.
I didn't find it cheesy, just really hard to follow for my taste. There was another smaller slender series that I just couldn't into because the acting was too bad. It had a good concept of a cult in Jersey (I believe they partnered with Noah) but the acting wasn't believable.
If you YouTube the trailer for the Frequency TV Series your hopes are going to crash and burn. By the looks of the trailer they turned Frequency into a chickflick series... They even made the Sullivan's Yankees fans. (As a Yankees fan I should be happy about that but I am not).
Taylor Marie Hill.
Beagles are my favorite type of dog! They are smart, playful, fun and their stubborness makes for some frustratingly loveable moments. I have a Beagle mix and I enjoy taking her on walks and giving her plenty of sniffing time in different areas of grass so she can track and follow random scents. Also their loud howl keeps any danger away. Aarroooooooo!
aww a Blue Tick!
Jesse's the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral He has a tendency to wear his mind on his sleeve and He has a history of losing his shirt...
