Nah. She's not. It's just the idea of a woman president that people are pushing. I think Hilary would be a terrible choice.
I have 75/77. I'm missing one in the Hollows on Mara but it's glitches and I can't get it. Idk what the second missing ghost is. The site says I have all but the Mars one.
Could you expand on your feeling about protection with guns?
Yes. Chico was an English bull terrier.
Pssh. My team only uses Khvostovs.
Saw this during skirmish. Even a nova bomb wasn't enough to kill the enemies.
If you're in the lower NY area, I'd be happy to take you to a range. As for safety, I don't own a home defense gun. Just a .22 and a Mosin-Nagant carbine. Neither is great for stopping an intruder while indoors. But I'd get a handgun, shotgun or maybe an ar-15 for defense and to shoot. I don't think that automatically having an HD gun will make me safer, that's silly. But if something does happen, and my family is threatened, I'd want something that will stop the threat. I strongly believe that people should be able to defend themselves and their families. Especially in their own home.
http://msmagazine.com/blog/2013/06/12/my-month-with-a-gun-week-one/
How do you play battleship at the range?
Are you serious about 32+ only? Its a level 30 raid.
If you are covered in sand use talcum powder. Put some in your hand then you can brush any sand right off.
I saw the green version just yesterday. I was confused since I thought people had been using green guns for IB.
He got 80,000 for winning the Belmont Stakes. So it's at least the plus the Triple Crown winnings. (Although idk if he has to take out some to pay his agent and stuff)
You forgot to put in your gamer tag.
Hey, you got two elements for the price of one.
What was the strategy?
I bought kellbreakers grips for my titan first week. (125 strength) Then I got judgements chance and got kellbreakers grips (50~ int, 50~ strength). The instant I tried it, I lost all trust in the system.
I would build crazy coasters but everyone would pussy out and not ride it. I made a train ride that was an 8x8 square with a 1 unit high bump on one side of the square. It was my most popular ride.
For pc I liked "where in time is Carmen sandiego" Doom, quake (3 and team arena especially) Roller coaster tycoon Age of empires II On my sega dreamcast I'd say: Sonic adventure, virtua tennis, Star Wars episode 1 pod racing (DUD BOLT!), ready to rumble boxing, soul calibur II, probably more I can't think of now.
If yall need a third, I'm down. Gt: HeadshotFactory
Do you mean exos have a specific human's consciousness in each one or a consciousness designed by humans? Or did the exos become self aware at some point? All at once or individually. Damn your post it's got my mind racing.
I checked a rifle once and it was pretty easy. When I was getting my bags at the carousel bag claim, my rifle case was being held by airport staff. Meaning there's no chance of someone walking off with it from baggage claim.
I waited until the carousel was empty then started getting worried so I asked an attendant who sorted me out and got my gun.
Planets?
I went to England with my family when I was really young. We went to a park with a princess Diana memorial. It was a tree with a fence around it and people tossed coins over the fence to be next to the tree. Me being young and clueless didn't know anything except, 'hey there's a bunch of coins on the ground (the fence didn't block coins from rolling under the fence and back outside the circle). My parents got dirty looks until they noticed my dumb ass happily scooping up coins.
Bloomberg tried to ban large sodas and failed. But I don't like Bloomberg so I don't mind. He's a control freak.
I guess I should've clarified in my original post. No I'm not. Agnostic leaning towards atheist. (I don't think there's a god but I can't know for sure)
Oh. No. I was raised catholic.
I liked the setting and theme. I read a lot of tintin books and thought the plucky kid/adventurer/roguish hero in the early 29th century was always a really cool thing to read or watch.
In my hometown there's a police support organization where you can donate and you get a supporters badge. It looks similar to a police badge. All the corrupt assholes in my town are buddy buddy with the police commissioner so they can get away with blatant shit. One "supporter" (briber) was arrested for concealed carry of a weapon w/o a permit and impersonating a police officer after flashing his supporter badge to cops from a different city.
Good thing the Supreme Court sorted that out in 2008.
You can get a legal gun permit if you are rich/famous/well-connected. (For carrying) Long guns (rifles and shotguns) need to be registered and need a different permit just to keep them in your house/apartment. Nyc laws are stricter than some f ny state. But NY has really strict (and stupid) laws compared to most other states.
Forget about guns for a minute. If someone tries to punch you and you dodge and punch them back, knocking them out, did you attack them?
I didn't say that.
It changes occasionally. Idk of there's a way to spawn one or the other.
Fair enough. But your original comment seemed to imply that a counterattack is a negative thing. I just want to get your thoughts on that. Do you think that Implementing a counterattack to stop an assailant is a bad thing?
Nah. Some local bullshit.
That rule sucks. I understand it but I still think its dumb.
It looks like a salt block. And I think they game is called saltlick
Two cannibal midgets in a fat guys ribcage
I made mine Stable 99. It's very charismatic.
Antigun chucklefucks showing the common citizen that the constitution is no better than toilet paper in their eyes.
Was the glitch possible without the swarm grenade hitting anyone? I read about it but the description of the glitch was a little wonky.
Dang that sounds worse than I thought it was
I think it might be a wrench of some kind. It's a 3 1/4" metal rod. About a 1/4" thick. I think it's steel. On the tip (opposite the keyring) there is a small round ball, sort of like the ones on ratchet socket wrenches to hold the socket in place.
I think you're right. I'm trying to see if theres something I can get for this specific one. It might make a useful attachment for my keys. Thank you. I'm marking this post Likely Solved.
I'm trying to figure out what to use it for. I have a similar thing on my key ring. But idk how I'd use this type of pin.
It's probably cheaper and easier to have someone write a bunch of cool awesome stuff rather than make a storyboard, character models, visual fx etc.
I volunteer at a Habitat for Humanity Restore. We don't have such a truck now but maybe they used to. It's just a metal rod to hold heavy loads in place then?
If you mean the favorite weapon that one crucible sells, I'd say the Saterienne Rapier. My favorite weapon to use in the crucible is probably Queenbreaker's Bow.
If people have the right to their lives, they have the right to defend their lives too. A firearm is an effective tool for that.
I remember Hannibal Buress came to Notre Dame. Some bitchy girl started complaining about him doing Easter jokes. My friends were dying laughing but some of the other students were frying eggs and grumbling about Jesus.
How about your stupid assumptions about gun owners?
Would that be labeled a negligent discharge?
It's not an assumption it's a fact. But you are assuming that most of all gun owners fall into the dangerous category.
You agreed that getting into a car with someone with a firearm is scary. A terrifying thought. Your assumption is that the person with the gun is planning some nefarious act.
I said that you agreed that being in a car with someone with a gun is scary. This was the comment that you agreed with:"As someone from the UK, the thought of getting into a car with someone with a firearm is terrifying, passenger or driver, especially if I then have to tell them where I live! US gun culture is weird and scary." You knew that I said that and lied about me. Saying that nothing I said was true. I'm sharing my opinion with you and everyone in this thread. I'm sorry if you're annoyed with different perspectives but this is Reddit and there's going to be people who don't agree with you. Telling me to leave, or telling people to specifically stop up voting me (even though this conversation does seem to be generating lots of discussion) isn't how this works.
It would probably be manslaughter.
I'd bet that someone mad enough to go and kill someone will still be willing to kill after a few days.
You're thinking of cops.
Good to know.
Just ask a coworker who they would recommend you ask for a reference.
I'm pretty sure a mass shooting is defined as 4 or more people being shot.
Clever clever creature
There's an episode where for some reason the girls go back in time to find the professor at school. He was a jerk who loved mixing chemicals and was kind of an ass. After an accident, the girls save his life and he's so impressed that he grows up and dedicates his life to try and create girls like the ones who rescued him as a child.
The image was removed. Got another link?
Messaged you. Gt: HeadshotFactory
Full
Is there a way to see other submissions to the FO:E pinup contest?
Sweet. This is perfect. Thank you.
Did you want that to come across in Colin Farrell's *True Detective* character's voice? That exactly what I imagined.
Depends on the state. I'm some states you can buy one without a license but you can only keep it in your home or take it to the range/hunting/competition. But you would need a license to. Carry it for self defense. In other states like mine, you need a license just to buy one even if all I want to do is keep it home for self defense.
And regular gun owners
He wanted to make something cool and was able to make it. That's all.
All firearms? Or only allow the state to have them?
I've recently found out about the Mediæval Bæbes. They sing songs in old English and Latin. It's kind of cool. But usually what I listen to depends on my mood and the activity im doing. Sometimes I'll feel like listening to the Melvins, or Marylin Manson or my fallout 3 &amp; new Vegas mix. I have sporadic and varied musical tastes.
Unless you want to nuke the world back to the Stone Age then I would say it's impossible to get rid of all guns. I have a limited knowledge of guns but I could go to a Home Depot and get tools to make a crude shotgun. Given enough time I bet I could make a decent firearm. Unless you get rid of the knowledge of guns, you can't get rid of them. Plus you'd only delay the rediscovery of gunpowder and firearms. Also the mounted division of the NYPD with swords would be pretty awesome to see.
Gun Owners of America, Second Amendment Foundation are two that I can think of off the top of my head.
I think the idea of finding a loaded gun lying around is not a normal thing. I love guns and am comfortable being around them but if I found a unfamiliar gun (not one of mine) lying somewhere like the sidewalk or a car (especially a rental car) I would be concerned and probably report it to the police. I would do so not out of fear of the gun but concern that it was a crime gun. This story reminds me of a report out of Britain where a couple found some spent shell casings in their garden and totally freaked out. Called the police and bomb squad and pretty much shit themselves in fear over old brass.
Never heard of em. But I'll check em out
It's a game of thrones thing
Sometimes the raw footage looks better and (in my opinion) more honest. I liked colion noir' videos on YouTube before he was hired by the NRA. They were less flashy and unscripted which I liked.
Thanks Hilary.
I think you meant martial arts not Martial laws.
Would you give an arm and a leg?
Brojob! Brojob! Choo choo!
I believe he also said that his gun control pushes would be helpful to him as they would drive up the price of his illegal guns.
Remember when CNN was doctoring photos during the Trayvon Martin case to make George Zimmerman looks whiter?
You must be new to Reddit if you think this is weird.
10/10 with rice
Actually there's a bill introduced not too long ago that band a whole bunch of guns. And before anyone comes in with "well it doesn't ban allll guns" A gun ban is a ban on guns. That's it.
I'm hoping this turns into one of those bullshit things on Reddit where enough people buzz about it and the famous person in question (in this case Kobe) gets dragged into meeting the OP's friend
I always forget
Don't forget to post your gamer tag so people know how to message you.
Thank you! I was waiting for someone to get it
They'll help you figure out which sandwich each candidate is best represented by.
And on US soil
These aren't the droids we're looking for.
I think I saw his name in the credits once. Or maybe it was in Archer. I've been binge watching both.
I really hope they revisit that somehow. I'm hanging on to my optimism that BoJack gets some goodness his way in the end somehow. Although I acknowledge there likely won't be.
I like to think that part of his character is loyalty to a fault. Since he's a dog. Kind of like how Princess Caroline is fiercely independent (most of the time) since cats are kind of like that.
Sweet! (I've never played mass effect)
If money was no object id probably buy one out of novelty but it's a stupid feel good concept from people who don't know about or like guns.
Yeah. As if the cops will be the ones carrying "smart guns".
I thought the building belonged to the Bureau of Land Management though.
Actually we have inherent rights. The constitution just says the government can't infringe on them. (Like passing a law to make Christianity the official religion or something)
Regardless of whether or not the ad is inappropriate, the proposed bill is a moronic waste of time that only serves to hamstring lawful gun ownership.
If only they filled out a form of some kind. In a building with CCTV cameras. And had to present ID
As someone who is pro gun I'm not too worried about a law or EO that says "guns are banned" I'm worried about the way gun control has been implemented in the past. Very gradually. Imagine now that we have this rule that says that if you make your business from selling guns you need an FFL. Next there could be an EO outlining a specific number of guns sold per year makes you a seller and requires an FFL. I'm distrustful of all gun control measures. It doesn't mean I don't agree with some of them in theory. But people who want guns banned have seen that an outright ban will not work or have support. So instead they try to chip away at things slowly under the guise of common sense. In my home state of New York for example the gun laws suck. And there's a proposed bill to limit purchases of ammunition to whatever the capacity* of your firearm is, every 90 days. Meaning if I own a single shot rifle I can buy 4 rounds of ammo in a year. *by the way, firearms with a capacity of over 10 rounds is an "assault weapon" and is effectively banned unless it has been put on a registry.
A good example of how money in politics has played out in the gun control debate was when those two democrats supported Bloomberg's agenda and were elected due to his money, passed a bunch of ineffectual gun control laws then were recalled. Just because Bloomberg has the ability to throw $50mil here and there doesn't mean he should get to dictate what laws someone on the other side of the country should push for.
I'm not a member of the NRA yet. I'm wary since I've heard that they are relentless with mailers and stuff, and they support people who are too right wing and religious for my liking but they do help block laws that are bad for gun rights.
I'm registered republican but I'm pretty liberal on most social issues. So I'm not a huge fan of most of the people the NRA promotes. However I'm optimistic that more people like me 20-something, minority (Hispanic in my case), people get into shooting sports and supporting gun rights.
I keep hearing gun show loophole but I've never gotten a clear answer as to what it is. Could you fill me in? (It's one of those phrases you hear on the news a lot but it seems like it's always assumed people know what it means exactly.)
Eh more or less. I feel that people everywhere l should be able to form and express their own opinions and beliefs. And worship or not worship as they want. And live free. (As long as their doing so doesn't infringe on someone else's rights.) But when it comes down to it, there's no such thing as human rights even. It's simply something a big group of humans thought up and codified. Another example is that I think there is a human right to be free of ownership. In other words I don't think any human has the right to own another human. When it comes down to it, that's simply my personal belief and I as an individual don't have the power to enforce that belief on someone else. I'd love for it to be the case that any cases of someone owning another person for labor or sex were looked on as inherently wrong and dealt with in those terms but that's not possible. I guess this was a long way of saying you are technically right.
The puppy is pissing on its own belly or someone is forcing the puppy on its back and pissing on it? Both sound bad.
In my opinion, someone who is in favor of an "assault weapons" ban is definitely not a friend of gun rights.
I have a follow up question after this one: Should people be allowed to sell guns in a private transaction? (For example my uncle gifted me an old rifle of his that was my first firearm and got me into the hobby)
Damn it Shining's face always looks so weird like that. But I've never noticed it with any other characters.
Imagine if that's how naming worked. Your name was your parents names mixed together.
I remember reading something about lightsabers on Wookiepedia about how light sabers have some kind of gyroscope that makes them really hard to handle unless the Weiler is really strong. But I never understood what they meant and for the life of me I can't find it. But if anyone knows more about lightsabers, how can it be hard to handle what is essentially a weightless sword and a likely relatively lightweight sword hilt.
That sale sounds illegal.
Those proposals aren't common sense. They are merely called that to make it seem that anyone who opposes such measures is against "common sense". Which is part of the reason why it's so difficult to have a proper dialogue. One side (progun) distrusts the other side because historically those groups were in favor of banning as much as they could and making it difficult to exercise second amendment rights. The other side (antigun) begins the conversation with an inherent dig at pro gun groups by implying those groups are nonsensical. You're lack of understanding as to why anyone needs an assault rifle shows that you don't have the right perspective. First I'm assuming you mean "assault weapon" and not a select-fire rifle. Second, I don't own an "assault weapon" nor do I feel I *need* one. But I might like to buy one someday. The reason there is a jump in gun purchases is because most legislation bans possession of certain guns but allows for guns owned before the date the law is passed to be owned. But once the original owner loses possession of it (original owner dies for example) the gun cannot be passed down to their relatives.
What happens if the NICS system is down or overloaded?
After Carrie Mathison stopped that sarin attack I'd think they might be a little bit more lenient on what the government does.
That should give him enough time to determine what the carrier's intentions are.
Yeah. I was making a joke about Homeland.
Honestly I could somewhat agree with a few gun control proposals in theory but my distrust for the gun control agenda outweighs my desire to support something and get screwed down the road.
General...
No
Really? Recently?
I have gaming headphones and it always freaks me out. I don't expect it.
Mmm Jet
Mine's in the shop?
I wasn't allowed to clarify in the text box. But I meant instances like in Batman or BoJack Horseman where a waiter is acting douchey so the rich person/celebrity buys the establishment out of spite.
Buying an AR-15 that when confronted about his purchase, he claimed he bought it intending to give it to the local PD for destruction. (Purchasing a firearm while not intending to be the end recipient is a straw purchase)
Hadiths are passed down through word of mouth. The basic idea is someone says they heard Muhammad said or did something. The person they tell passes that along to someone else and so on and so on. Over generations. Then you get a 'sanad' or link in the chain of transmission (isnad is the plural). So you hear about something Muhammad did or said and you look back along the isnad and see if the Hadith is 'sahih' (true/trustworthy) or not. (There are several attributes that an isnad can have that makes it 'Da'if' or weak. Like someone saying I heard from Bill who heard from bob who heard from Mary that the Prophet said "such and such". The isnad would be weak if it was known that Mary had died before Bob was born, so Bob could not have heard what the Prophet said directly from Mary) As for who wrote them, there are 6 major written collections of hadiths. What is written is the words Muhammad said as well as each transmitter that makes up the isnad. The top two recorders of Hadith are Muhammad al-Bukhari and Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj.
You're welcome. I knew that Islamic Texts Seminar would come in handy one day.
The number one killer of old people is retirement. People got a job to do they usually stay alive long enough to do it.
Well that's one of his better ideas regarding guns.
The only people who would want these protections stripped are people and groups whose goal is to bring constant frivolous lawsuits against gun stores and manufacturers in order to tie them up financially until they go bankrupt.
I'm not sure how easy it is to machine an auto sear but there doesn't seem to be many stories about illegally modified full auto guns being used in city crimes. Honestly I may have missed news about them but from the news stories I see it's mostly revolvers and semi auto pistols. I do know that all types of rifles make up a very low percentage of firearm homicides. So it doesn't sound like something that is a pressing issue. I'm not a fan of bans on assault weapons since I live in NY, close to NYC and I can't have a thumbhole stock or a pistol grip on my plinking rifle because it would look too scary.
True dat
I think the reason why they are protected in the first place is a good reason to keep the law. Namely that anti-gun groups will bring constant frivolous lawsuits against gun companies in an attempt to bankrupt them by tying them up in court.
Although that isn't always desirable
A breathalyzer Like you blow down the barrel in order to unlock the gun? That sounds like your might get it to fire once successfully.
Do they say how they have to display it? Wha rid they put a sign saying 'don't buy this shitty gun'
A FOX fox.
The whole article is a good read.
Fuck you Osip
Don't t forget the horker tusk
The first half of the game the first time I played it was probably one of the coolest gaming experiences I've ever had. I kept getting killed by an Orc called Mugrish. Then I'd drive him off and he'd come back for revenge. Each time he'd have new scars on his face, or he'd miss an eye that I shot out. The last battle he had a sack covering his face save his remaining eye since I chucked him into a firepit and he was all burned. I was maybe level four and he kept leveling up each time I died so the time I finally killed him I was level 7 and he was level 20. It was really rewarding.
A big purple one in the police station showers.
You're right they were probably trying to find dreams of a small but successful interior decorator career, and a pursuit of a degree in gender studies.
I know. I wasn't being serious. However this highlights a severe issue that we have as a society. Young black men, especially in poor communities are surrounded by a toxic and self-perpetuating culture. And a large theme of that culture can, in my opinion, be summed up by 50 cent's "get rich or die trying". Honestly I'm not sure what I want to do with my life since I'm still relatively young. But even though I don't have a clear-cut direction in life I don't feel as if all options are closed to me and the only way I can get anything I want is by taking it through theft or force. And the people I look up to didn't get rich by prostituting women or selling drugs or killing people. But most importantly I didn't grow up in a neighborhood where stuff like this happens. Or feel so unsafe that I had to form/join a gang to protect my friends and family. I say all of this not because I believe these two men experienced all of that necessarily. My original comment was pointing out the absurdity that I saw in your reply to the deleted poster. I understand where you are coming from with your desire to not jump to racial stereotypes but I wanted to highlight the fact that realistically, that deleted commenter was correct in a sense. There is a very good chance that if these robbers were successful, they weren't going to use their ill-gotten gains for any noble purpose. Merely just buy material things that they believe will get them respect or social status. So I get that you wanted to call that poster out for bringing up racial stereotypes but I think it's a fruitless attempt to be PC because this is another case where stereotypes were reinforced. And until there is a multifaceted effort to change the toxic culture that envelopes so many young, poor black men I don't see a way to break the cycle that produces situations like this one.
So why shouldn't gay people get married?
Is that legal?
It's not picky but those secret service agents have their jackets buttoned. Realistically they would have them unbuttoned to make drawing easier and faster.
Maybe they expected to find a bunch of fish and game in the office refrigerator.
I'm a guy and I got cat called once in Jordan of all places. Two girls leaning out of an SUV whistled and yelled something in Arabic and honked their horn. I thought it was awesome.
Probably that thread earlier asking what your song entrance song would be when heading into battle/cage match or something.
Make sure the home invader is dead and say you were cleaning your shotgun and sorting ammunition.
It's also good to peel the husk back a little and tuck some butter, oil and salt or spices of some kind then fold the husk back up
This is what I will point to when someone says there's no agenda to ban guns
Allowing police to search you, your car, your house etc. whenever they want, without a warrant would make everybody safer since it would mean anyone hiding illegal or dangerous stuff would be locked up. People using the 4th amendment loophole to get away with dealing drugs or murder or other crimes wouldn't be able to hide from the law anymore.
Well sometimes it's a bit of the opposite. My mom is the closest to my grandma and my mom and my aunt are the ones taking care of my grandma 99% of the time. My moms brothers are spread out all over the country and when they visit they rarely actually help. They visit for a week, spend 6 days on trips to NYC and fun stuff with their families, then say they can't deal with stuff that needs to be done because they have a plane to catch. One of my uncles apparently let years go by when he was supposed to file paperwork that had something to do with the estate management and my grandmas finances. (I'm not privy to these conversations directly) instead he let it slide for years and caused my grandma's house to lose tens of thousands of dollars of its value and probably cost her $60,000. And my annoying hyper Christian aunt and uncle are always trying to butt in with their opinions as to how to handle things but never come down to do any work like taking my grandma to doctor visits, or cleaning her bedsore or sitting out her pills.
They should enforce the laws on the books, not before adding new ones, but without adding new ones.
I disagree. I can see how if you are an antigun person who likes to make mountains out of molehills the ad appears bad. But I think any ruckus about it is just anti-gun people reaching for more ways they can demonize guns.
Subbed
PRIVATES! We have encountered an unidentified flying object. It is a long, smooth shaft. Complete with...Two Balls!
There is a moral compass, it just points in a bad direction
When wearing gloves, yes.
I applied to a Cosi's near my house and gave the manager my completed application form where it asked for my ssn and some other info. It's weird that I'd never give that person a second glance out on the street but it's ok to give personal information to someone in a uniform.
The 10 round mag ban was declared unconstitutional but the "only load 7 rounds into a ten round mag" is still on the books yes?
I volunteered with Habitat for Humanity for two years and I'd recommend looking up a HfH ReStore near you. A ReStore is like a second hand furniture shop. The one I worked in had couches, chairs (for dining and for a living room), tables, dressers, cabinets, bookshelves, desks, lights, lots of glassware and silverware, kitchen cabinets, rugs, and appliances including refrigerators, ovens, microwaves, washers and dryers, sinks, tubs, water heater tanks. Our inventory was somewhat random. But for basic house/apartment furnishings you could find that pretty regularly. It rarely looks brand new (sometimes we got donations from furniture stores going out of business so the items were pristine) but if you need stuff for a decent price and don't mind some nicks, scratches or some mismatched items it's a good bet. The money from the sale goes to funding builds of low income housing. It is a Christian based organization of that matters but the one I worked at was not bad. I was raised Catholic but I am agnostic leaning towards atheist but never came up. The guy who ran it was religious but not a hardcore proselytizer or anything. Each store is independent of each other so a store near you may not have similar stock or be run the same as the one I described above. But it's definitely worth checking out.
How would you make a full auto bolt gun?
Plus the helmets mean anonymity
Nor is self-defense.
She played Niobe in the Matrix Reloaded and Revolutions. And she did the voice of the hippo in Madagascar. Those two roles are what I remember off the top of my head.
I played the game "Enter the Matrix" where you play as Ghost or Niobe. So I couldn't forget her. I put in a ton of hours into that game. at one time I had every human ship, captain and crew member memorized. Along with their stats. It was a great game.
Sorry. I did misread your comment. You're right. It's been a long day.
I get that maybe people lost interest in watching the same WWII footage over and over in new documentaries. But they shouldn't have become a slightly smarter version of TLC or something.
&gt;No one is more of a fanatic then a convert. Or as my dad likes to say: there's no one more chaste than a reformed whore.
Anything is better than TYT
Ok ok. The only thing worse than TYT is your pedantry.
I though of VaultTec when writing that bit.
Conservatives are right on guns too.
&gt;Hopefully they are gunned down soon enough. The people bashing gays?
The worst thing in the world is a pedantic niggler. And you are being a big one right now.
I was just clarifying your comment. Since it could've been interpreted that you were saying the queers could not be gunned down fast enough and I was about to take issue with that.
Hopefully they do programs about history in other times and parts of the world. Maybe do something provocative like a series on Islam presented on one side from a theological perspective where the Qur'an and hadiths are accepted as true and the other side examines the history of pre-Islamic Arabia and Mohammed as a historical figure rather than a prophet.
Never saw that one
I'm always glad to teach.
I forget where I saw it. But I saw a map with different colored states along the east coast and around NY with numbers that indicated how many guns were from those areas that ended up in NY crimes. But NY didn't have a number. How convenient. If I come across it again I'll post it. Since it shows how they will manipulate the stats to reflect what they want.
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3ybH2gjyVVA
Because elephants have big noses?
A problem I ran into is that some characters can't be enthralled (I'm assuming you're using dead thrall) because they are over level 40. Any way to get around this (without using console as I'm on Xbox)?
I disagree. I think if someone can carry responsibly and safely in one city, try can do it in another. It's not something that will make everyone in every state all of a sudden be packing heat. Only people who make the choice to carry legally and safely.
From what I've seen, I bet there's not going to be a ton of people CCing anyway. I understand the trepidation of having more armed people in large cities but I think most self defense uses are for people at home or targeted by a mugger is something like that. A mugger will likely not mug someone while surrounded by crowds of people. So the times at which a CCer will use their weapon will be when very few bystanders are around
It looks pretty sweet. But the ergonomics seem not super comfy. I wish I could hold one.
I'm not surprised that ammo makes more money than guns. Guns you need to buy once but after that you always need ammo for it. Also aside from your derision about the lawyer, do you think people should be allowed to buy machine guns?
