Wow this thread isn't even about Chelsea and they got shit on twice in a row god damn.
Should be noted that they were away fans in France.
I got 10 in 3 months playing the game, it's all about luck bro.
Havelange is Darth Sideous of football.
Neither are great options though, especially the second which would rightfully piss everybody that already owns the card.
I saw a BGH joke in the middle of a discussion about the corruption investigations there.
I'm not sure if he couldn't handle, because he's doing a *much* better job with Sarada atm. He just fucked up with Sakura and that's about it, there was plenty of opportunity with her as a character that's supposed to be one of the strongest ninjas in the world and he still treats her as a mediocre ninja with OP heals. Not unlike how Tsunade is perceived as much weaker than the average Hokage.
Isn't Lady Liadrin the Sun Cleric card?
Can you explain me what picture are you talking about? I only see the o e with the innkeeper and the shadowed one.
Well, they are rusted, as Kurama and Naruto said themselves.
Plot no Jutsu is a form ninjutsu. Talk no Jutsu is when you add the Speech element to it, and Speech is Naruto's kekkei genkai.
You can also just click save.
Definitely post 30.
She probably knew where they would meet.
Yeah, not even Naruto went all "Sakura-chan?!?! D=&gt;"
Because it's not in beta anymore.
Trust me, there will be no hate towards people that buy this. People are throwing a fit atm because for god knows why people think that releasing cosmetic alternatives as a buyable options means that Blizzard has been spending all their developing power in them instead of their deck slots and new game modes. It's unreasonable and shortly anough it'll be understood that these are, in fact, a good thing for Hearthstone, even if most people don't really care about them (they're options for people who want options). The prices are a reasonable complain though. It probably won't fade out because even if they only want one or two alternative heroes, 10$ for what they offer isn't good. It's almost half a full adventure.
Notice that the area around the portrait and the Hero Power is different!
That fucking New Classes introduction at 3:14 reminiscent of Sailor Moon, oh my god. That seemed like Rage Orc's videos, does anyone know if there's an original video with that?
The Santos player himself said it was a penalty, I don't know why people in this sub are so fast to call something a dive...
Better than Cristiano's, lol. Jokes aside, he doesn't take many free-kicks, so probably a good one.
And a filler one.
Depend on how good the burritos are.
Agreed, the first half was pretty awesome. I don't remember the last episode we had with some epic music, shit going on and actually good animation.
And why the fuck bitching about it is good? The group of people working on things like this is completely different from the group of people working in new cards and new features (and you can be sure that they are). Like someone else said, it's like complaining about card balancing to the artists. We should be glad this was done because it's an not gameplay-related improvement done by people not working on gameplay, and then keep asking for content to people actually working on gameplay so they can put it in a higher priority list (that still would take months to get shape). Keep in mind that until BRM there was *very few* people complaining so much about lack of content as people are now, but suddenly everything that is not new deckslots or tournament mode will be cashcowing. Yes, I'm certain that they're working on deckslots and thinking about how to add new modes and ladder (and which), but these things take *time* and they weren't on top of most people priority lists until these last few weeks. It's not the dev's fault that the size of their team is so ridiculously small compared to the money they make and the size of the playerbase. Blizzard seems proud of it being that way and is probably using the game to fund other ones like HotS and Overwatch, but it just turned out that it is incompatible with Hearthstone's growth. People are asking for much more features and faster than they can provide them, we got mobile platform just a month ago and they still need to constantly think about new cards being added. If Blizzard decides to give the team proper support and investment they might be able to keep up with demands but until then we'll need to get used to improvements being slow.
But we can be reasonable here, it seems.
Funny how anyone who disagrees with you is labelled as a fanboy.
It's really immersive into Kvothe's story, it feels like I'm reading a diary or something and it's one of the biggest reasons I love the series. It feels like a normal life, except it's in a fantasy world. Makes it feel rich.
I have no idea what you guys are talking about :D
I don't like him less at all, it's just easier to point out his problems. Kvothe and Denna are my favorite characters though, so there's that.
Iirc Patrick mentioned a desire to write a book from Denna's perspective. He said he isn't good enough of a writer to write from a teenager girl's perspective so I'm guessing we won't see anything like this for *many* years. But anyway I'm looking forward to it and it's good to know he wants to do something like this.
It's surprising and funny the ammount of people that get some character's visuals wrong. For a long time I thought Bast was black, and I have friends who didn't realize Wilem and Kilvin were, and one that was sure Ambrose was blonde. Patrick is so subtle with descriptions that you kinda create a visual for the characters by yourself and assume he told it, when in fact very few other than Kvothe and Denna are very detailed. Other than that I feel Denna is also prone to a *lot* of misconceptions about her character by fans.
You ravel.
You didn't call be fanboy a single time, but some of your reactions are ridiculous. First of all, if you're using a Forrest Gump reference that says someone isn't smart, than you're saying that person isn't smart. Being a reference is not an excuse. And then everyone who disagrees are fanboys who just go along. The fact is that there are people flipping about skin options (which *is* a good thing for the game) that has absolutely no relation to people involved in gameplay features. It's a bonus, for the people who wanted it. You can't ask an artist to balance the cards or a programmer to fix the ladder system. And there's also people like you who *still* flip about an interview he did over a fucking year ago where he talked about (legitimate) worries about increasing the deck slots, revolting about the circlejerk that they're "too confusing". Let's all ignore how they all mentioned multiple times over that new features, modes, deck slots and ladder improvements are all good things for the future of the game and how they would try to implement them eventually, shall we? It's obvious everyone who doesn't are just fanboys.
You *start* the game as a class, a race and a faction, how is any of that unlocked slowly as you level up?
Same with the mobile platform release. Ben Brode said that having a mobile version was a new feature and people got angry with that.
He's wrong and you're right, it's a Japanese thing. Chinese has a *lot* of Ls.
This is beautiful, great read.
This actually looks like you!
He already has one planned, Laniel Born Again (or something like this) will be out after D3 and is about a woman in Modeg.
Which one is Silhouette?
Yeah price definition is the hardest question here, would they more than double the sales of the cut the price by half? But I agree with you there, I think that with an accessible price they would sell much more of these. It would make people (like me) consider buying more if not all of the heroes instead of just one for their favorite class for exemple. Unless they give frequent promotions, which would be reasonable.
People were also willing to spend for cosmetic alternative heroes, but the price was too much. People wouldn't be happy if each deckslot costed 5$, and they would move on to complain about a lack of tournament mode.
Arena is supposed to be the place where *everyone* is the same and with equal opportunities and chances. Seeing an opponent with a golden portrait or cards would reveal that he's a quite experienced player would break that, so it's understandable why they want to keep the Arena as this homogenous place.
I liked it...
Neymar is secretly a girl, a real life Mulan story.
Juventus is doing a great job shutting down Messi, and Evra particularly.
Well Europe used to considerably favor tall and strong players over technical ones not too long ago. It used to be their thing.
Europeans used to, too.
It was in slow mo.
110
I know, what I don't know is the problem with it. He's Brazilian and religious, not exactly big news.
/r/hearthstone is particularly flipping at a 9,99$ skin revealed a couple of days ago, but yeah it could apply to any other game with skins.
It's in the box but also adds one more click to start the game, which is something they want to avoid (and there's already some complain). Here's the thing, you, /u/stonekeep and many other players are always offering great ideas as to how to add new deck slots. They're all viable. But they can't pick the first decent one they find, they need to decide what is *the best* option for the game. When they add one they can't change it back, so it has to be a pretty great solution. They take a long time to decide on this kind of stuff, and even when they finally make it they'll most likely hold it to release along with a new expansion of the game like they did with Espectator mode, new platform release and most likely the alternative heroes.
I think you will like [this](http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/244183/Video_Designing_an_immersive_user_interface_for_Hearthstone.php). It is months old now but still pretty insightful about the work behind the UI.
Vidal *and* Marchisio didn't follow Iniesta's run though.
Do you think your username applies to him?
I don't think there's a better word to describe Santos as a whole than "Saudade".
Yet his football quality is exactly the same.
&gt; It is actually a joke the level of credit given to players who play outside of Europe. Ding ding ding. But it's obvious that the country which consistenly brings players like Thiago, David Luiz, Miranda and Marquinhos to Europe could never possibly have great defenders in their own league, all the decent ones are sold out and they're left with bones! /s
That's not weird. Americans don't call their football as American football and Brazilians don't call Brazilian wax (or nuts) as Brazilian wax (or nuts).
Thankfully their national team isn't anymore.
Thiago Silva didn't have that great of a performance in that World Cup to be honest, pretty much everyone but Neymar were extremely shaky and cracking under that pressure. He would have snapped like the rest of the team and was as broken as the rest of them against Netherlands.
&gt;the amount of ref manhandling in that game surprised no one. FTFY
Not really, the handball rules are very messy.
Does that really count, though? He wasn't there at the end.
Are you guys hoping that this team can accomplish something in Copa América? I personally don't think it is any good, but if you're just hoping to give some chances and experience to younger and talented players then it's great.
To be honest I barely paid attention to the second half.
I didn't even look at the flair, that was dumb lol
Except Lucas is actually very good.
Well sometimes it looks like a warzone. And so do schools.
I think that tackle on William today was more similar than this. William also thankfully didn't have his feet planted.
Classic one.
Most people agreed with the call up at the time. Sure, having him or Firmino would be nice, but people thought it was a very reasonable call up especially considering how well the team was playing (all of them, including Fred, Jô, Bernard, Paulinho...) and the Confederations Cup, but so many players fell out of form in between.
Which is funny because I think a 3min Hearthstone reveal would get them much more excited, I'd guess much more people among videogame media play Hearthstone casually than there are people interested in those games xD But yeah, Blizzard seems to be giving these games a lot of focus and interest, they're what I expected to be the main attraction too.
I play all my dragons except Crusher and they're absolutely playable and fun to me, it's just a question whether you want to netdeck and go for the high ranks and legend or play with what you like. BRM might not be for Spikes but it's great for all the Jimmys and Johnnys, it's not like the cards are terrible.
That sounds like an adventure.
I'm not sure, I'm also part of other larger communities like /r/soccer or /r/books and they're pretty good, it's not a rule. My guess is possibly the younger or gaming audience, I've noticed this sub's community is noticeably worse than the others I'm subbed but it's also and only one with these traits.
And it's hilarious how everything suddenly started a couple of weeks ago as people discussed and suddenly agreed that Hearthstone is as crude as an amateur game and the devs are "lazy". If all this got revealed some weeks after the end of BRM people would all be pretty hyped.
Hearthstone is a digital card game though, there's no card cycling or ban lists. The card producing process is also trickier because they can't get many cards out in a short time otherwise it would become much harder for new players fast, since cards never go away. Magic doesn't have this concern.
Less combos.
Someone hire this guy.
It there any problem on children around age 10? I got a 3 hour surgery as a kid and then a 20min one a month later, both with general anesthesia. It's far from age 4 so I'm not sure of those "risks" apply.
I don't think anyone plays Arena 2 or 3 games at a time. A tournament mode which requires you to play 3 games in a row sounds totally reasonable to me, I for one would much rather play a tournament with fixed people than a constructed Arena with random ones.
It's really cool, if you get any new Hearthstone ideas again don't hesitate to share with us!
Old card buffs confirmed
It'll certainly be added eventually, people just hope it's soon enough.
Probably will.
Yeah, I think they don't have a consensus yet. It'll be free at first and they may or may not change it eventually. Personally, I think they won't.
Hearhstone wiki is wrong then, she is mentioned in the Hunter trivia.
Do you play Mech Shaman? It's a good deck with very little things that hurt Shaman, like overload.
Healthy things like racism, sexism, homophobia and political hatred? Yeah, it would be a real shame.
It seems unlikely though, they seem to be making all their legendaries as big beasts in the game and their basics have Beast synergy. All their minions are either beasts our Houndmasters. I think they will keep everything else as spells and traps.
All Hunter legendaries are beasts, this would be our only chance of seeing Alleria in the game.
Naruto is not smart.
If it's a single hair, might be harder to pick up the color. It's an actual potential excuse.
Why is he relevant?
Hey Kibler, what are your thoughts on the Tavern Brawl mode since you won Challengestone and all? I only knew you through those BRM articles and you pretty much became my favorite Hearthtone guy after that competition, as a Bolvar fan and fellow Dragon user. You've got the right attitude towards the game.
American television?
Thanks!
You should check out HearthPwn for some deck ideas, I don't play Mech Shaman myself (Deathrattle Shaman too fun) but I know it's a deck that performs very well and is usually underrated. Some important cards are Powermace and Fel Reaver, but I don't know much what else it runs.
Unfortunate, the first one was pretty cool and well accepted.
Holy shit North America is a *bit* oversized in that map.
Bro, you're in the US. I've heard of people who didn't know where *Brazil* is...
Or be losing hard but filling your own side with Doomguards.
Well whether a post will be buried or not depends on the first few votes, it seems that OP didn't have much luck with that and the sub was a little heated these last few weeks. Also custom card posts were becoming too numerous so I think they decided to stop upvoting most of them, there's another sub specifically for that after all.
I'm not being hypothetical, I have friends that had that problem and I can definitely find people like that around the math, physics and engineering parts of my university (usually around the top of the class). Intelligence can be crazy unbalanced sometimes over different things, just like some people in human sciences can't do the simplest of math tasks.
Aka the Italians.
On the other hand Magni sounds like a really good fella.
Ragnaros cards are more OP though!
The Portuguese translation is horrible, they are all too literal and have a terrible choice of word. So many words no one uses or have even heard and the names become too ugly. Portuguese is a good language and I've seen very good translations of games and books, but I only play Hearthstone in English.
Reboliço! Damn I'd love if they had used that.
I think they said it on Twitter shortly after Magni was revealed.
Didn't watch Eragon or Avatar, but the DBZ movie was disgusting. Ridiculously small budget too, I've seen better fan videos on youtube.
Perhaps because [some other arts](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/583532302611858816/E01F8C48A4A93FB44A4491C5C6073FED0AF6F808/) we have of her are much cooler.
&gt; A 5 mana 5/3 charge with no downside is crazy Warrior gets a 4 mana 4/3 with charge, it's a class card.
I don't think Neymar would have changed the collective breakdown at all, and we wouldn't have "lost anyway" if the breakdown never happened, it would be a really close match like it was supposed to be.
Yeah I thought about those after posting too! Seems much easier xD
That's very true, and that's also why it's one of the hardest decks to master, with so many tools and weapons (both minions and actual weapons) at your disposal and synergy. It's not too unlike those Oil Rogue decks at their prime, your comment could apply to them at that time too. Combo based and best used by high skilled players, but with its own weaknesses. I hate Patron because it made my favorite class (Paladin) get screwed and very punished, but I still don't see it as OP.
I love this so much, I replay it so many times everytime I see it. Probably my favorite internet thing ever.
Now picture Brazil sticking to Firmino and Tardelli (in the Chinese league atm) after a World Cup with Fred and Jô... Brazil and Argentina should fuse so we can dominate the world.
I would.
I'd rather have her breed with a Brazilian legend, otherwise we risk giving Argentina a really big gift lol
Is there a year he doesn't?
I came here to say this, I always thought he actually said cat, TIL. :(
Wow, so bitter. Iirc this "we suck at the sports we create" is a very common British joke about yourselves.
We didn't post-2006, and even at his prime he didn't perform that well for Brazil. His best performances were during 2002 WC and that's the one Rivaldo and Ronaldo carried us through.
Huh, Globoesporte.com reported they mistook the Freds but that makes much more sense.
He plays around well but rarely scores or give assists, that's not what we would expect from a Brazilian attacking midfielder.
Paraguay, Uruguay, Venezuela and Peru passing would be really funny though, I wouldn't even be mad.
You're right, we all did. Good thing that we didn't in the end, the team is playing just like when Felipão took over, except with different players. I love watching our NT in a good day nowadays.
(◕‿◕✿) he's also nice and i'm rooting for him on challengestone 2 (◕‿◕✿)
Wow this player list looks much cooler than the last one! Seems like I'll be watching all the matches this time...
Too soon. ^^and ^^it's ^^futebol
Cristiano? What are you on? lol
And Colômbia.
They won't let him bench David Luiz, he's too fan favorite...
He certainly will, players play international matches much more often nowadays.
Most people who don't look for Brazilian football history don't know other players beside Pelé and Garrincha (who's not from Santos), but that team was filled with geniuses.
He still got a point, Pelé scored a goal in the World Cup final when he was 16 in 1958. Players play much more international games nowadays, it's only natural that Neymar will surpass him. That doesn't mean he has a better goal per game ratio than Pelé.
Nah mate we used to compare Ronaldo and Zidane before too.
I don't think that's a fair name, he did really well in Milan while he could.
They both got FIFA Player of the Year three times each, so we discussed about them a lot. Just because you don't care about them doesn't mean nobody did.
Could be true 20 years ago, but ten years ago around the time of Ronaldo, Zidane, Ronaldinho, Rivaldo, Kaká and others it was definitely something most Brazilians talked about, at least.
I only see this one match mentioned over and over again, is there any other exemples of matches?
He was also *very* unbalanced, one leg was much stronger than the other.
I got one recently and I like having one for my Hunter, transforming my 1/1s in beast 1/1s at worst and sometimes transforming their taunt. But he might be more valuable for you as 400 dust.
He quite like spiders too.
My father loves Despicable Me :(
Also the fact you can't interact with your opponent's hand in Hearthstone, so combo in general are better in this game for that reason alone.
The new heros aren't that exceptional imo, only Medivh really stands out.
Certainly intentional, they've said plenty of times it is a feature they would like to have in the game.
Scandal?? This sub is getting rediculous I swear...
Da spirits be restless*
Yay, a person raised a social class. Maybe now we should all ignore facts and data all over the world and decide everything is alright :D
Not only inside a country, but it also happens in a global level. Peripheric countries are *never* going to become first world countries unless they are given blatant help like South Korea did. Rich-poor relationship can be extended to global scale between nations and the gap just gets steeper (and, thus, harder).
Aguero wants to take the ball home, he *never* passes.
I really like that you did your first hero! Do you plan on doing something about the new heroes after this next one? I'd love to see you doing Medivh or Alleria. Edit: Just saw that you did some "Quick Facts" on them, that's really cool!
Without Neymar
Exactly the kind of old-school Brazilian midfielder we need nowadays.
So, is this series ending? Wasn't it supposed to be only 10 chapters? Seeing grown Naruto and young Sarada is so cool, I really wiish we had a longer series after this, I enjoy this time period.
The lack of thinking midfielders is much worse, we at least got some mediocre strikers.
Tardelli &gt;&gt; Pato. I'd rather see Luis Fabiano in the NT than Pato honestly...
He doesn't have injury problems anymore, he's just completely mediocre now. He's... just decent.
Well he did get a pretty amazing record in Colômbia at Atlético Nacional, which is more fair indication of quality imo.
But they look so cool :(
What did she do there?
Not to mention they're probably using most of Hearthstone money to fund HotS and Overwatch, Hearthstone's team didn't grow that much in a year and a half.
Yeah Metzen was the guy I was thinking, I remember some WoW players saying the story started to change to a bad direction with him. But I don't know when he got in charge.
No, that's just wrong. Soccer was a term invented and promoted by the rich class, and the worker class (you know, the ones who played it) refused to call it soccer. It was a class dispute in England more than anything.
People watching it doesn't mean people liked it. You don't know whether you will like a movie before paying for it...
Oh god I remember that hahaha The commenting was great too, "que é que fooo^ooo^ooo^ooi "
Yes, I've seen some fall down but immediately get up and keep celebrating. No memorable one to mention, though. Even fat Ronaldo could jump that.
This year you actually can!
I'm... not sure I would count Inception as anything like a psychological movie. Or anything like Donnie Darko. I would put it as something closer to Butterfly Effect.
Holy shit that guy scarred the hell out of you!
The boy saw her more than once, then? It was a constant thing? My mother believes in spiritual stuff, and met a "medium" she trusted once my aunt got cancer (she said this same medium predicted an accident I got into years before it happened). She started describing my aunt's apartment and said there was an evil spirit in a very old mirrored table in her living room that was sending bad energy to her and telling her to kill herself as she stared at it. Of course I didn't believe it. But then my aunt expressed suicidal thoughts and it turns out her apartment had a very weird design but the woman had described it perfectly. There was also a very dark and old mirrored table at a corner of the room but kinda in a central position. She brought it to her apartment some months earlier after the previous owner (also family member) died, and turns out every one of its owners developted cancer and died. As I said I'm a logical person and try to ignore these things. But fuck me if they don't creep the hell out of you and make you question a lot of things.
Holy shit, I have a young cousin that we jokingly thought could be gay but his dad seemed to get worried and I saw him show a magazine to him. Your description matched the event so perfectly that for a moment I assumed I had just found my cousin's reddit account, but then I remembered my oncle showed a Playboy to him.
My aunt died soon after, they most likely got rid of the table.
At least it's a long time past that, now! No need to dwell on past memories, specially bad ones!
I know that, but she doesn't ask for money. It's not her "job" and she wouldn't get anything from it. And she was pretty precise on things, which was the scary part.
Forgot his dumb penalty against the Netherlands in the first few minutes of the game...
They grow up so fast :')
All our fullbacks are attack minded =P
What did he do? =/
Probably has Rogério Ceni as an idol ;)
What did he say to get to -80? '-'
I'm the best at pretending to be myself!
It's not really hard to find Playboy worthy women here, you just need to find some slightly famous and cheap ones.
She has a 1 comma Sharingan, dude.
Probably fire like all Uchihas.
Can she get EMS if she implants her own MS in her own blind MS?
Messi is playing on his standard for Argentina, though.
One pretentious supporter is enough to desire a loss for the entire nation? It's not like there's any other Brazilian backing him up there.
There's the pressure of playing home, though.
We didn't when we faced them the last time. We won't play different just because we lack Neymar.
Porra means jizz and caralho means dick.
You think this messed with his head? That's very possibly true, Dunga was asked exactly about this and he said something like "players are human too, they aren't immune to these things".
The link is broken =/
That's Götze.
