He's running a mix of medium and low settings, and the fact that it already looks better than consoles with these settings (besides shadows) gives me hope for stunning ultra visuals.
Then play DayZ/Arma? Those games are about as hardcore as it gets, but it seems with the term "hardcore" comes broken messes
I beg to differ. The game is already vastly superior now compared to launch. Originally the game wasnt reaching 30fps on a Titan X maxed, now of course, frame rates have pretty much doubled across the board. Also, BS on the 70fps low settings. Im getting around the 50-55 mark on the high preset when running 833p on windowed (but i get to use max render res to make up for running in windowed) and the game looks fantastic. tl;dr, this isnt DayZ. Every other week this game is getting updates and is already miles ahead of how it was at launch. DayZ hasnt improved at all
Thanks, i was pretty happy with the cost around $700, since a friend of mine lent me a spare copy of Windows 7 which I can update to Win10 whenever the need arises. I also got an NXZT340 case (i think thats what its called) and it looks beautiful. For my first PC, the cable management alone is amazing since i can basically shove any unused cables in the space behind the motherboard
I haven't had that issue yet. The more intensive games I own DO go up to the 4 gigs according to MSI Afterburner, but I've yet to encounter problems based off of going above 3.5
Good points. Honestly Im not too worried about the Division since the latest gameplays scream "downgrade" (though I have heard the PC version looks miles ahead of console) As for FFXV, which is currently my most hyped this year, I dont really know how that'll turn out. Yeah the engine has problems, but PS4 can run 25-30fps and just look at how insane that game looks. From my experience, a 970 is about 3x as powerful as the graphics in a PS4. (Going off GTAV at 80-90 fps on high-ultra, and Shadow of Mordor easy 80+ maxed)
Funny enough, I have this exact kit of RAM, though the specs may be different. 8 gigs, DDR4, 2600mhz But how'd you change the color? Mine's blue
Funny enough, I had a dream that my shorted out PS2 started working again, so I plugged it in and it ACTUALLY worked. Spent the next month binging Kingdom Hearts and Battlefront 2
The entirety of the name "Tom Clancy" is realistic, gritty, possible scenarios, which was why Tom Clancy was such a famous writer.
I love when games do 1:1 scale locations like this! AKAIK this game is a pretty flawless 1:1 scale of Manhattan, and I love how massive all the buildings are and how to scale every corner is.
Well the fact that GTX 970 is recommended is great, that means I can max this game with ease :)
If anything, you'd be CPU bound. Getting an AMD CPU is a major slap to the face with the insane advantages of Intel CPUs in most games. According to a few rumors here and there, a 970 is the recommended GPU, but you're CPU isnt even meeting min req (which is an i5 @3.1ghz)
Usually when a dev says something along the lines of "not at launch" its just a PR way of saying "nope"
Use the Amazon trick to get a free key. 1. Preorder a copy of the Division for any platform you want (this does not force the beta code on the plat you chose, so you could preorder PC and redeem beta for PS4) 2. Check your email, you'll get your Division beta key there 3. Redeem beta key through the Division beta site 4. Once redeemed and linked to your account, cancel the Amazon preorder So there you go. Amazon doesnt charge for preorders until the game releases, which is why this works
Wait, Uverse is what fucked everything up?! I always wondered why port forwarding was so broken, and its because of AT&amp;T?
He wanted to see what heaven looked like
I remember hearing something about a "something" launched to the moon's orbit that COMPLETELY missed because some idiot used yards instead of Meters. I honestly don't know how someone could fuck up that bad. If you're a scientist, you use metric, simple as that
Tomb Raider, Hitman, Ashes of Singularity, and all the MS store exclusive games like Forza, GoW, and Quantum Break. Needless to say, many more are following
I didn't say I was cheering on DX12. I have a 970, which I was promised had DX12 support, but since there's no async compute (god dammit Nvidia) I have little to no benefit
PS4 has internal
Love my S340. Used it in my first custom rig (the one I'm using now actually) I absolutely love the thing
Only once have I seen a gaming employee who cares about PC gaming. I was buying a Steam card to get the Witcher 3, and the woman there was like "Have you considered the Fallout Nuke bundle?" (Mini nuke with all the Fallout games inside of it) She was insanely enthusiastic about it, and said she got one herself because she loves Fallout. And considering the bundle had only PC versions of the games, I'm pretty sure she was PCMR
Didn't know I was a peasant for not using a TV for my PC gaming. Maybe I'm interpreting wrong, but this gives the impression that PC gamers at a desk are considered "peasants"
Got my 970 for $300 at Best Buy (normally $380). They price matched Microcenter, but the reason I didn't go there to begin with is because where I live down in the Sunshine state, there are no Microcenters for at least 20 miles out
Probably my biggest one, Counter Strike GO. It's the game that made me lose my "shaky hand" in FPS games (when I saw an enemy I'd have a mini panic attack and pray completely off target)
Division or Far Cry 3 please :) I would just say the Division, but I'm sure that has some demand on this post
DOOM or Far Cry 4 please :D
Canceled Blizzard game
Because of their damn purchase options, I bought Origins without intending too. You'd think for the sake of customers they'd put the cheapest offer first
Strange. I've gotten 6 legendaries out of my 16 boxes ive opened I guess RNG is a bitch
No
That's a special case IMO. The whole point of the Retina displays is to have the resolution just right, so that the average distance you'll be viewing the display from, you wouldn't be able to distinguish the individual pixels, which I can totally do on my 1600x900 22" monitor compared to my 1136x640 4" iPhone. Honestly I think the whole idea of Retina displays is great. Why go for more when you won't notice it? It's just wasted performance, especially on a mobile device where battery comes into play.
Technically, the 3DS has a 3D display without requiring glasses, and in some games can look quite good, others, not so much. A lot of developers use the 3D differently too, I remember playing a lego Star Wars game on 3DS, and the 3D made it look as if the screen was the front face of a box, and you were looking down at the game happening inside of said box
Must be the locked 30fps with dips to the low 20s. And dont get me started on motion blur
Same, but i have 3.8
Can confirm, while better, it still sucks. Where I am, I have 35 down 5 up, and have no data cap (AT&amp;T) and I just barely convinced my parents to not get Comcast (75down 10up) which had a cap "But its faster" they said "But its a trap" Ackbar said
At first, I really liked uTorrent, until I discovered Deluge. Love at first sight
I really wish I had waited a few months more before making my first custom build, but I couldn't help myself. For only $70 more overall I could have got Titan X performance instead of a 970
Is that Rainmeter I see? If so, what's the clock called
Can confirm. On the last day of school a senior drew it on the board and under it said "when X happens"
But Hardline is so "meh"
He's practically getting a Titan X for $400~, I'd say that's worth
The online mode is currently in closed beta IIRC. That said, you could pick up the not-so official multiplayer version to test the waters for when online does release.
How can you dislike a community full of dank memes and calling out companies on their BS/sucking the dicks of others? Sounds pretty gr8 to me /s
I remember a few months back when me and a few friends re-installed Halo PC on our gaming rigs. The sad part is, one of our friends PCs didn't have the popup for unsupported hardware... FeelsBadMan
Right? I thought I was the only one who was bothered by the fact the story was recycled
That god damn OP. ITS SO GOOD
Idk man, Chaika is cute and has god-tier eyebrows, this chick looks like she's gonna kill a certain MC soon
Well the "New" 3DS has 3D that doesnt really require you to be at the proper looking angle. That said, I haven't tried it myself
What did I do wrong? I said that looking at my phone screen looks better than my monitor, and for more reasons than just the PPI, though that is a big reason itself
Can confirm. Bought Wii U and don't regret it
I'm sure there were a few people who only came for the codes (its a giveaway, so its expected lol) but I wish you best of luck with your game, and congrats for getting on Steam!
I wouldnt say "would have been fine" but rather that people are used to that, and that this is a different case entirely
Looking for a game to push the limits on my rig, this might be the one :)
The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess for the Gamecube. If that counts as the last few years :)
Remember when the advertised Snowdrop as this revolutionary graphics type deal? The game at launch looked "okay" and even pretty solid with certain weather, but in general the game looked bland.
Ik I'll get downvotes for this, but I honestly don't care. As long as it has decent content at launch I'll buy it, and not having the French doesnt change my mind, because the game looks awesome regardless
So just, DO IT
They aren't throwing shots at Nvidia, if that's what you mean
Why? Wouldn't the ads "enhance" your experience? /s
Is running over 500fps or so a bad thing? I have a 2D rhythm game that me and a couple friends play, and I get over 3000fps on my 970 Should I put a frame cap? Or is this "GPU working too hard" thing not an issue? QUICK EDIT: I also get 1000+ in Halo 1
Never done this before, but sounds incredibly interesting! Due to certain circumstances, I can't exactly buy games unless its once every few months, which means my Steam library is relatively small. In the span of say, a week, how much money could be made from this? I'd love to try buying smaller games like Shellshock Live and Golf with Friends with this (Using a GTX 970)
Thanks for the info, but something I noticed is the bat file instantly crashes on opening, any idea on how I could fix that? This is what's in my file: -U -F http://etherocean.com:8888/0x94121B6404D095D1FA24454318FDEB143740260A/0
Sheesh, talk about selfish
I run a 6500 with my 970, and it works perfectly fine, I've yet to get a single CPU bottleneck in any game, even if I went on the lowest settings at the lowest possible res just so see if I could hit the bottleneck Which is awesome, coming from a 1.8ghz quad core Phenom to an i3-3220 and now the 6500 :)
Specs? I'm using Alien Blue so I can't see your flair if you have one
200, warframe boost please, thanks for the giveaway OP!
There's multiple reasons, but yeah it's better just to make you own acc and buy only what you want
Not to be that guy, but I have my 970 already hitting 1.5ghz OC'ed. Anything over in unstable, but is 1.5 all that great when you consider the 1080 is getting 2ghz
14? Nice, I got paid a solid amount for making a website for a small local business, it was definitely a good learning experience and the clients were extremely surprised with how well it turned out, since I'm only 15
Well, you could always become Aiden Pierce and press Q to hack them
Right? All I could think of was that even after all they've been through, they still consider themselves acquaintances or something? Like c'mon dude, they all helped each other in some way or another but nooo
I mean, let's be honest tho, if us redditors were in this whole situation, we wouldn't give a fuck about class with all that happened
Kiznaiver?
Well, now no instant crash but I get this message in CMD then windows says "ethminer.exe has stopped working" "CUDA error in func 'ethash_cuda_miner::getNumDevices' at line 112 : initializati | (cuts off here and goes to a new line) on error."
Yeah I was talking about Osu!, but I'll probably set to max 240 to find a spot between gameplay and GPU workload
Ah, I see, thanks for the heads up
To be fair, I already think Marcus will be a way better protagonist than Aiden. Call me crazy, but I like where Watch Dogs 2 is going compared to the original, and as long as it isn't completely broken at launch, I might pick it up
Prolly cuz all those damn HFR soap operas!
Good automod
Right now I'm using a genetic 900p 60hz HP monitor with my rig, but for my next upgrade I want a 144hz GSYNC 1440p monitor, my eyes will melt from the gloriousness
LUL think your cool m8? It's clear my integrated Radeon HD 3200 is the Titan X killer of 2016
Skylake is worth it if you're getting an i3, as the 6100 is a beast for a dual-core CPU, and is probably one of the best budget CPUs on offer. Also, RAM is pretty cheap, you can get 16gb for around $40 last I saw
Warframe please, thanks!
Thanks for the info lol, Ill keep that in mind
Good example. I got GTAV there for Social Club because the Steam key was $10 more. Definitely worth it since at the time, on Steam itself the game was $60
Uninstall drivers and get the latest ones, might do the trick. Or if this started happening after a driver update, revert. Somewhat relevant source: my friend was running DOOM 2016 at 2fps at the lowest settings, after uninstalling and replacing with the latest drivers, he hits 30 on medium settings with his craptop
Well OP, aren't you clever *thinks to self* dammit I've been fooled again!
Wait what's so important about his reveal? If it's not all that essential, could you fill me in?
If only it was as easy as that IRL ;-;
A small graphics update for Half Life 2. AFAIK, it was originally a mod, and Valve then implemented it into the Steam version of the game. It's no Crysis, but it certainly highlights how well the game's artstyle keeps up even after 12 years
"Please insert disc to start" "Well shit..."
To be fair, that's after they fixed it
Can confirm, my friend has one. Works like a charm, supports 4k, though it's very gaming oriented
Where'd you get the lights? I have the same case except black and blue and was hoping to get some lighting in there
Yes, devs are supposed to fix games, but c'mon man, you can't seriously just "forget" that every single game they've launched in the past few years has been utterly broken on launch.
I played it for around 2, but then I got quite bored of it, and I dislike 70% of the people I meet on servers because how theyre either: A. An asshole B. A kid who gets all "you shouldnt say that" because someone swore in the chat Also, i feel like the game's gone downhill since 1.5
Now that... It's just glorious
At the end of the day, Ark is a fun as fuck (though grindy) game. I just want 60fps on my 970 :(
Not entirely true. But yeah, at the time I bought Skyrim, it was $7 for the base game, and around $20 for legendary, and I figured I didnt need the DLC Now I'm fucked. I dont really care about the new vanilla visuals, I just want 64bit and DX11 EDIT: when you get downvoted for no reason. Am I a peasant for not owning the DLC or something lol
It is, in context
Yeah that's what I'm gonna do most likely, if another game doesn't tempt me too much lol. I have a pretty big limit on when I can spend money/what I can buy due to parents being parents. I have a pretty large interest in the new DOOM after playing the demo that was recently released. Gorgeous game, great performance on my 970, and I really want to play the rest of the campaign. Chances are, if that goes on sale I probably wont pick up the DLCs
Because you dont see a single AA powering a 6700k. Also, a thousand fucking cores. Last time I checked, that's a lot
Most of us are used to needing a power supply, but the fact that a single battery can run a 1000 core processor is baffling to think about. It's not that it's difficult to understand, but rather its crazy to think about
If what I heard from others is correct, isnt this hovering around 970/390 performance, if so, it can max games at 1080p but it wont always be 60fps+
Just wait for partner cards. While the 480 has amazing price/perf, it wont offer nearly as big of a perf jump as the 1070
We need a sequel
Its only been playable recently with the .60 patch. That said, i still go below 60fps under max settings half the time
I used MS support to get a new key for my copy of Win10 that deactivated on it's own after I did a complete overhaul of my PC. Now I have the "activate windows" that makes me look like an pirate lol. They never gave me the key :( the guy insisted that it was a small issue that could be fixed, I even gave him remote access, he found my original key, but it didn't do shit. "Contact me later if you continue to have issues" DUDE, YOU DIDNT FIX THE ISSUE
If it wasnt on the Windows Store, then that might be possible
Is it as god-tier as they say it is? I hear all this praise about gsync and now it's already in my "to-buy" list 1440p, 144hz gsync here I come!
I've found a set of graphics options to help me hover around 45-55fps at 900p (max res scale) on my 970 (still looks good, but nothing like all epic), so I don't have it ALL bad. That said, I can't wait 'till it's optimized. I think it's a really cool system how they have "official mods" where mod creators can get their stuff in the vanilla game. And it means more content for the consumer!
As r/PCMR would say "may your frame rates be high and your temps low"
Can confirm, my first Nvidia product (970) is from EVGA, don't regret it
When you realize you paid $350 for a 970 6 months ago... I cri
Isn't the 390 a decent jump over the 290x? Haven't checked myself but I always assumed it
You dare question the logic of Dying Light?!
I'm aware of this. I said it sucks, but I'm not being a bitch about it
You give a good point. Before I had a Radeon HD 7850, so it was a nice jump
Then why would OP center his post around the whole Oculus deal? Wouldn't this post be completely invalid then?
Well it's also nice for you guys to show some love on Reddit! I wish you the best of luck in your project
That's just stupid. In my scenario, I completely agree that Android is the better option for more tech-savvy people (while iPhones are good for people who want their stuff to "just work"), though I use an iPhone I mainly use it only because I can jailbreak it, which not only gives me more accessibility features, but also lets me customize more than a traditional "vanilla" iPhone would allow. It can also be a solid conversation starter :)
I saw another post where a guy got a deal on a 980ti for $350, don't know if the deal he got was still available though. I'm sure there's quite a few "used" options to get a 980ti which has about the same perf as a 1070, just 6gigs o' ram instead of 8
Every single one of the 50 mods on my game (with 40 having actual added content) works flawlessly with the base game. I've seen "legendary" versions of some mods that add a few extra features but that's it
Might as well call it "Day" at that point
I'm aware of rooting, but I wouldn't call it really an equivalent. It gives you more access to you're device yes, but Jailbreaking is basically just removing the restrictions Apple puts in place and adds an appstore for itself (Cydia) whereas with rooting is a more "complex" system if that makes sense. Rooting is like taking Jailbreaking to the next step
Well it leads to less impulsive buying (ex. Oh shit this game is even less for the next few hours and I don't want to miss this deal) and it allows for consistent sale prices (ex. well shit I was at work while this flash sale was happening so I'm fucked)
I have never had a single issue on any stock iPod/iPhone that I've used (2 iPhones, 2 iPod Touches, 1 family iPad) Now when I jailbreak and add a bunch of tweaks on the older devices like my iPod Touch 4th gen, it'll slow it down and drain battery more, but on my iPhone 5C it was fast enough to bypass those issues. So yeah, I'm sure it was specific to your phone, which can really change your outlook on Apple devices
Your last claim doesn't mean much since 99.9% of my Steam purchases start with a gift card
He may have been paid to be there, but that doesn't mean he's supposed to say "building a gaming PC now"
Bethesda announced they'd have a demo at E3. And good on them, because after playing the demo I need my demon killing fix
Hold up, I don't quite understand, are you saying that 60usd = 110aud, but they just charge you 110usd? Please tell me I'm wrong
I've only encountered a single cheater in counter strike, and it was a deathwatch server, never encountered in comp
Still can't believe that Lirik (popular Twitch streamer) backed up the devs by getting his own promo code to get a 5% discount for the game. People have informed him about the fact the game is by the WarZ devs, but he just says "those games games were released years ago, does anyone even care anymore?" And he's slowly convincing his fans to buy it. It's a shame, I really love the guy, one of the more unique streamers but I call bullshit when it's due
No, because the actual YouTuber is in the comments
Can confirm, cleared 140 gigs when I deleted Gmod
Because you fall under the assumption that everyone and their mother deals with cheaters, which is incorrect. Me and plenty of others I've spoken to in comp matches have either rarely played with cheaters or just never have.
Same here. My logic was "might as well buy all the DLC for &lt;$15 so I could get the remaster but fuck this
I don't know man, when I was his age I was playing Doom on computers that had floppy disc slots... Oh wait, I'm 16
If you mean it sucks, then yeah, you're right Last time I tried SotC (a few months ago) the game ran at awful frame rates and had tons of slowdowns and audio stuttering which made the experience unbearable
It's really cool to see how even though this feature is useless for people like me, that others can fall in love with it. Have fun dude!
I did the same, though I had performance issues since I was on my old PC (i3-3220, HD 7850 1gb) and now that I'm on my new rig, I cant for the life of me find where to get the ISO for the game :(
Should be fixed now
If I were to guess, it's a CPU bottleneck. Max settings at 1080p I run Squad at 53~ fps GTX 970, I5-6500, 8gigs o' DDR4
I don't have the ISO anymore (old PC) but I'll see if I can set it up for you. It revolved around the mouse being aiming, your standard mouse point and click, WASD to move, shift was ball mode, space jump, and holding Q would bring up the sub menu for visors, among other things. It also compensated for the many motion prompts, where the number pad keys would turn the remote, and another button would push in. It worked pretty damn while, I'll PM you with the setup when I get around to it
I would do that, but I let a friend borrow the game years ago and he never returned it :l also I have no disc drive
Call me crazy, but I see not a single thing about Mac OS that makes it better than windows. You have less control, no EXEs, no directX, reliance on an app store, etc. If you mean it looks pretty, then that can be done on Windows too
The fact that that's a thing alone is glorious. Shotgun one of 'em post apocalyptic monsters, get blood all over your screen, then just swipe it off like a badass
What
Please play the shit out of Zelda. You know you want to... *hands over username and passes into the shadows*
The Zelda games are solid too, same with the Metroid Prime series
I personally hate people who don't use voice in matchmaking. I can understand certain scenarios, but you've gotta be fuckin kidding me when 3 people on your team don't talk but one other guy is a killjoy saying "why the FUCK did you guys not follow me" when we agreed on cat and he went tuns
I'm with you there dude. Money is tight, and I REALLY don't want to get a new game only every few months, so G2A makes it more manageable. Like, I know all the shit stuff they do but I can't help it :(
On the bright side, you didn't pay $60 on a horribly broken game
Catgirls... What more can a man want in life /s
Try running Black Ops 3, I doubt it'll work
I've been interested in both, but after playing the DOOM demo I'm hooked
Half Life 2 is only $2, and supports co-op if you use the Synergy mod. Did it with a friend and now we're "patiently" waiting for a certain 3 to release...
Did that guy seriously have 1k+ hours?
Sold my Wii the instant I got a Wii U :/ That's also how I got Trilogy, (virtual console) since the disc was hard to find at a reasonable price
I meant no disrespect lol, each to their own!
Sure. I'll download the ISO later today so I can make sure everything works
Isn't Mario Kart 8 60fps splitscreen? That's what I hear at least
*shaved ice expert
Perfect for counter strike! /s
Just checked, definitely seems like 60 with 2 players
I don't think OP was suggesting that. Rather, seeing the name of a console as the first thing on a trailer in the Steam store is just weird
Am I the only one who gets input lag on an Xbox One controller? On my KB/M it works flawlessly, but my controller has input lag only on Dolphin with makes it extremely difficult to chain combos or even attack properly in Project M
They're also good at triggering me "Don't worry Nico! You'll find true love someday!"
Same. Personally I was pretty conflicted over whether Noriko or Chidori was the right one for my boy Kacchon, but I'm okay with how it turned out. That said, Chidori must remain the rival to Noriko! EDIT: it also felt like Chidori was choosing Tenga only because she gave up on Mr. MC
Her face is so.. "anime" I don't know how else to describe it :l that said, it makes for good cosplay
Wow, some mods can actually be pretty chill!
Plugged in using a micro USB to USB. I've gotten to the point where playing with a keyboard is more effective than a controller
Right? People say "wait for the benchmarks" but still hype themselves up for a card that they don't know much about. Did people expect 980ti performance for $200?
Whether it looks good or not, it isn't practical. It's much better to buy one more expensive cards than two cheap ones to get around the same range of performance
First, isn't there only one Zeppelin at a time? Also, those SMGs existed during the time Other than little emphasis on trench warfare, I'd say it's pretty much WW1
Same here. Fairy Tail is actually what got me into anime, not including the dub of Naruto back on Cartoon Network. At first, I was like, this is the greatest thing to ever arrive in my life, then I realized, it's good but not as "god-tier" as what I originally thought it was Still get nostalgia tho
Looks stunning! But why is she crying?
Oh no, god forbid someone had a typo
Don't worry, one day, you'll be the one on the front page posting about PCMR generosity
The Culling is definitely a TON of fun. It's interpretation of the whole Battle Royale genre is really something you don't see in other games. Unlike in H1Z1 or Arma 3, you're a contestant of an internet game show that is put into an arena with 15 other players. Everywhere you go you hear the announcer commentating on different events, and he has a very "internet" sense of humor, which makes the experience a tad more light hearted than say, H1Z1's "camp, hide and win" It also is focused on melee combat. There's guns and bows but at the end of the day, 90% of your fighting is with melee weapons QUICK EDIT: I fuckin' love this game. For $12 I already have 50 hours in it
Why are there stupid nicknames like this in PCMR? Shouldn't that be reserved for peasants? (Ex. Sony Pony/Xbot)
You're really stupid if you think a $200 card will beat a high end $400+ card
The S is exactly the same as the One, performance wise. PS4 will be better. That said, PC will be best if you want true high end performance/visuals
OP might be the type that believes: 2 GPUs &gt; 1 GPU EDIT: is this not the same subreddit that in most cases, discourages multi-GPU?
You'll still be over 60fps in 90% of the maps tho, so you'll be fine
Replaying Twilight Princess in glorious 4k over here :D
In a few cases. Rarely do games have good multi-gpu support, with many not having it at all. It makes sense to get 1 $400-$500 card instead of 2 $200-$250 cards
Now hold up compadre, you can mount a GPU like that?
Congrats on the 480 launch! My friend is entering into PC gaming, and I'll be sure this is the card he gets since it's so damn budget friendly!
Is it just me, or does that not even make sense
No classes, no vehicle spawns, extremely repetitive gameplay, 5 maps, consumables, hidden "power ups", etc etc
Is Uplay even that bad? Sure it's not amazing or versatile like Steam, but I've yet to have any issues with it
You COULD play it with an Xbox controller, but it'd be pretty clunky. No matter what you do you've have side effects from the translated motion to analogue controls. Also, unfortunately I had issues with the mouse while setting it up to replicate the Wiimote's pointing. The mouse would have an incredibly odd sensitivity and could go off screen on one side whereas on the opposite side it wouldnt reach the edge. Because of these, I basically gave up on the full control scheme. That said, I'll hook you up with the "WIP" controls if you really want them, it works decently other than the broken mouse input, but you may have better luck than me
A friend of mine had that issue.... That said, he's never played counter strike
Well I hated bloom and Spartan abilities in the game. At least say, Halo 5 put these abilities for everyone widening the skill gap. Too bad it's competitive nature was held back by not putting the full thing on PC Halo 3 was my favorite of the OG Halos, with Halo 2 a close second
I liked ODST, felt very fresh and I picked it up for cheap, so it's not because no MC
#story was alright Is this a joke? The story was god awful
That's great and all, doesn't change the fact that they screwed over everyone with lies
Maybe it changes in real time
