Captivating comment, bro.
Definitely not lazy about handing them out, that's for sure.
Obvious troll is obvious. ;)
Um, yea. This is a huge problem, and one of the reasons I wish our world was mature enough for nuclear-powered cargo ships. But it isn't , and some yahoo would turn one into a bomb, or a maintenance tech who bought his certification would fall asleep on the job and the resulting explosion would turn the north Pacific into Hiroshima II. The fact that we have a perfect solution for this problem, yet don't have the competence to use it, is one of the biggest reasons I fucking hate the human race. So our options are to grow up and stop being a bunch of petty terrorists and learn to use high technology, or stop shipping shit half way across the earth simply because our repression of the third world creates huge labor cost savings. Or the third, which is business as usual, and it's our children's problem, and they can all choke to death because, fuck them: we're already dead.
You should research the TPP. Or maybe not, since it'll kill you.
Dirty bomb, and not really.
It hasn't passed yet.
Hyperbole to emphasize my frustration.
I think safety security are the biggest issues. The profit is so small that maintenance isn't always the best aboard shipping frighters. Not to mention bad guys.
Dick issues are the worst.
You can have disruptive change, which clearly causes riots in the streets of Paris, or you can manage change, and try not to have riots in the streets of Paris. I'm simply understanding the first and advocating for the second.
They're human beings trying to make a living in an age-old and now outdated business model. It's a good thing that you're not in charge of solving this problem, since your lack of basic human empathy would cause a lot more riots.
Is it a little hypocritical to condemn them but still use them?
Again, it's not right; it's reality. If you want to prevent them from rioting, they need some form of concession. Their industry is clearly dying, and that has to be managed so that it doesn't totally disrupt society. Preventing giant riots is priority 1.
Eh, they are what they are. I don't particularly like nor dislike cabs. But Uber is a better product, and taxis will either step it up or disappear. My guess is that they will be fewer, and nicer in the future, and Uber will take over a good chunk of market share forever.
People are pretty similar the world over. You might do just the same in their shoes. If their families are relying on the income from driving a taxi, then the stakes are high enough for people to start acting extreme. It's not right, but it's reality.
Only when there is increasing supply. Those licenses are so valuable in most places because there is a fixed number of them. In most cities they increase in value over time.
That there's no need to be angry, since you're already getting your way.
"Did you feel bad for the guys who worked at Blockbuster...?" ...I was 15 when I stopped using them, so I wasn't aware of the world. And that's exactly my point. This situation isn't unique, and it'll get sorted out. The winners will win, but that doesn't mean the employees of the old companies should be given the boot immediately. They need time to adapt or switch industries, so yes, I sympathize. How would you feel if that was happening to you? It's a bit awful to celebrate an entire career path disappear. You sound happy that a bunch of people are losing their jobs.
Ok, you've said that you dont use cabs anymore, but that you haven't gotten your way. Which is it?
Also true.
Why do you care if cab companies exist if you're already not using them? It's a little weird to take it so personally. IMO. You have options, so use the best one for you. Sheesh man, the passion about this topic is so strange. The anger is just feeding on itself at this point.
I asked about that quite a while ago, and dropped it when you said you don't take taxis anymore. You're still on the hypocritical thing, not me. I still say you're winning, but at this point, we're completely off topic. Uber will win in the end, and all the hurdles that cab companies are using are just delay tactics until the industry adapts. That's my only point.
Well said.
Also, that guy sounds like he suffers from a problem where once he knows something, he thinks everyone should know it. Sounds like a lack of awareness about how people work in general.
Liking muscles isn't necessarily superficial. It shows determination, discipline, and that you tale your health seriously. All attractive things.
This is an interesting study on the English language and how it changes over time. "May" was written as "is allowed to," but is being used as "has the choice to." Of course, it would be better if it wasn't for this purpose, but what can you do? Also, this can't last long.
Black or white, it's a pretty stupid saying.
Good post! It's probably a good idea to secure anything sensitive as well. Lock up the diary, password the laptop and phone, etc. You can get a cheap lockbox from an office supply store.
Ick. Buy a good one then.
At what point does the fully modeled vag show up?
&gt; It felt like they were only interested in making cool screenshots rather than a playable game. Don't forget imposing their sexual fantasies on the characters!
I was joking, since I had seen that already and thought it was creepy as fuck. So maybe people thought you didn't get the joke? No worries though, thanks for the response.
I thought this was a gamer convention...
I live in Chicago. It's awesome.
Yep. &gt; Albuquerque That's not the Midwest, though. And many Midwest cities are on the Great Lakes or on a river. Minnesota is known as the land of 10,000 lakes.
Updated plastic bits, nice.
Sounds like you're well on your way! * I'll admit that I don't often do a daily task list. I manage a dozen programs for over 300 facilities, so my days often go off the rails quickly with phone calls and emails. Instead, my Outlook calender keeps my daily meetings and I simply refer to my weekly task list every day to see what items I can accomplish. My goal is to migrate nothing to the following week. * I tried a monthly task list initially, but I almost never filled it out as I cruised straight from the 31st to 1st and there was too much at work to stop and create one ( also why I don't keep daily lists). Again, my Outlook keeps meetings that move frquently, so a monthly appointment list isn't useful to me. In 2016, I'm changing this to a Quarterly task list instead, and only writing the larger-scope items there. My department is quarterly focused so this lines up well. A few things I will need to be aware of going forward is to make sure I check my quarterly tasks regularly to keep on track, and I want to better manage my days. I'm considering using 30 minutes at the beginning or end of my day to update my BuJo and file things.
Hey thanks for the info. I didn't include any retirement savings in my post, which is about $10k a year as well. I just ran the numbers and my breakdown is: $32,268 expenses $15,750 in taxes $56,982 in savings. 'Savings' may be dubious. I just paid off all my credit cards, and now that savings will be split between my retirement accounts, paying off student loans ($21,000 per year is our target toward the loans), and saving for a house. Our house savings should reach our $30,000 goal by 2018. So to use your formula, my percentage is 63.8%. That's a little high though, since I think we'll spend a couple thousand this year on clothing and the occasional movie ticket. Our new lifestyle is pretty stressful, so we're looking for low-cost outlets to relax. Thanks!
Um... you moved from a market low-point to a cash high-point. I'm a little worried about you.
Hey, um, if wavelength expands, then it's energy decreases, right? Isn't energy of a wave related to its frequency? So if its red-shifted, the light has lost energy through a frequency shift in order to maintain the constant velocity c? Is that at all what is happening, or just ridiculous?
Exact same hit totaled my GTI in April. Sorry, man, that's rough.
Everyone has a different opinion, but you can get a good sale with any route if you're careful. Don't show up with cash and do the transaction at a bank. Make sure the title is in the same name as the person selling it to you, etc. The car should still be under warranty, so ask which dealership did the service and ask to see the receipts. The dealership may even give you the service history if you call and say you're thinking of buying (that's a guess, they might not due to privacy of the owner). You can even test drive the car to that dealership and have them look it over and verify that it's up to date on service. Best practice is to take it to a mechanic and do a $100-$200 mechanical check on any used car anyway. Also, remember that the value of the car is independent of who sells it to you. The guy can get more from a private sale than a trade in, which is why he's selling that way. However, the price you pay for the car should be about the same, no matter who's selling it. It's just a matter of knowing the value and only paying that much.
People like this are obviously dedicated. But where the hell do they find the time to get to this level? This is like 5+ hours of gym time daily.
First book for me was Where the Red Fern Grows. I was like, 10 maybe?
Looks a lot better, IMO. I did some googling because of the haters in here: &gt;Q: Are wheel spacers safe to use or do they cause extra stress on your axle or wheel bearings? &gt;A: High quality wheelspacers, the kind that bolt up to your axle first are no more dangerous or cause any more stress to your axles then would a wheel with less backspacing. Anyone who tries to tell you otherwise doesn't know what they're talking about and I have yet to hear a single good or specific explanation as to exactly how they are worse. Just to be clear, the cheap-o spacers (the kind that you can get at PepBoys and are sandwiched between your wheel and axle using the existing wheel studs) are in fact EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. These cheap-o spacers leave little thread for your lug nuts to hold onto and can fail. DO NOT USE THESE! [Source](http://www.jk-forum.com/forums/modified-jk-tech-2/how-safe-wheel-spacers-46971/) That was a quick search, and I'm sure there are far better sources out there, but this seems like a reasonable answer to me.
2009 is the safest MKV due to the switch from FSI to TSI engine designation, which most imporantly means the engine switched from a timing belt to a timing chain. It technically switched at the MY 2008.5, but I never bothered to figure out how to tell a later 2008 from a newer one, but it's possible. For the car you linked, my initial reaction is that the price is high, though I'm only familiar with the US market and don't know how that changes in Canada. Definitely look at what scheduled maintenance is coming up, since the expensive one is every 20,000 miles in US-spec cars, and that car is approaching 100,000 miles. Since its FSI, definitely look at when that belt needs to be replaced. You'll want to try to reduce the price further if those services haven't been done.
I paid $15,000 USD for my 2009, but that was 3 years ago and it was certified pre-owned with 56,000 miles. It was under very different circumstances.
&gt; My (ex) husband was a great trainer, was able to spot plateaus and change my workouts, able to advice me on my diet (and I love to eat, so my progress was a bit slower but I enjoyed it more). I never knew, for example, the importance of the order in which you do particular exercises. So many people put in the effort but did not bother to educate themselves on quality posture and movement over sheer quanity; or, would run 40 minutes straight sweating profusely but at the same rate instead of running for a shorter period and doing interval training. I think you're downplaying how hard it is to learn this stuff when you don't know or can't afford a trainer. I'm teaching myself fitness and it's taken me over a year just to get myself into what I consider decent form and a basically supportive core. And that's with a free gym attached to my work, subreddits like this, and instructor-lead classes. The time commitment is also in the learning curve - not just in performing the exercise.
That's definitely a possibility, but the offers started arriving within a week, and well before the 30-day period it typically takes for a score update. Unless they have access to faster updates than I do. :P
I don't know about cars, but since the beginning of 2015 when the Canadian dollar dropped, Canadian companies started pouring raw and scrap materials into the US market. So yeah, it's a smart business move for sure.
Then the 80's happened and prudishness and terrible looking clothes took over for 25 years.
You get to negotiate every time the contract is renewed. The most obvious example is when someone is up for reelection.
I'm a Chicagoan and I didn't hear about this until I heard an npr story *last week.* I'm sorry that your community has been suffering this long without a solution. It's a tragedy. I've done work on underground water systems and dealt with some water treatment. My first reaction is that whoever made these decisions should have known better or asked some experts before screwing with the water system. This sort of thing is easily prevented with even minimal due diligence, and should have been dealt with quickly. I'm sad that this happened to you.
Do you remember when r/jailbait was part of the google listing for Reddit? Took a very long time for that to be changed.
A big problem is the nature of most atheists, and it's outside mod control. When people reach the age of forming their own beliefs they either double down on what they've been taught or go in another direction. So internet atheist communities are almost guaranteed to comprise of young people who recently switched their beliefs to atheism, feel lied to by the adults in their lives, and express their anger by calling believers idiots.
Lol, I apologize for speaking casually and not using legally defensible language. Enjoy r/atheism.
There was no nudity.
Informative post, thank you. I don't have a background in finance, so this basic things that most people know are still new to me.
How so? That's my honest opinion of that sub, but you went after the syntax of how I wrote it rather than engaging with my point. If you want to have a substantial conversation, embrace a topic in good faith and don't nitpick word choice. That's pretty far down on the [hierarchy of disagreement](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/Graham's_Hierarchy_of_Disagreement.svg), and calling me immature when I didn't engage in a pointless debate about the meaning of 'most' puts you another step or two below that. So do you have a counterpoint to my assessment of that sub, or will you respond with another witty jab that lacks substance?
Read some of my other comments about that, I already addressed it.
Well that escalated quickly.
Bummer. Ty came to my neighborhood early on in that show and when we drove past he was actually building something under a canopy put up in the front yard, with no cameras nearby. My mom screamed 'Tyyyy!' as loud as she could as we passed by on the busy street; the windows rolled down on her '90 Camry. He looked up, waved, and had a huge smile. It's a shame that changed.
Sure, why not?
Just curious, but what did those cost you? I'd love to have an injection molding machine. I worked in a rubber injection plant for a while, but we used Rep and Desma presses.
Good to know, thanks!
What's your goal here? Do you want me to say that I exaggerated? Will that make you feel like you've won, or something?
Keep fighting that fight, brother. You'll change the world someday.
How? Do they plan to operate each store with fewer people on the floor? Edit: I can't find anything about that claim other than a Walmart watchdog quote saying something like, 'it's hard to find someone with a substantial raise without their hours being cut.' Which isn't a hard and fast fact, IMO, just political posturing. The fact that Walmart is closing hundreds of thousands of stores, paying workers more, and expects operating revenue (or was it profit?) to decline by $1.7 Billion at the end of FYI 2017 makes me think they are closing low-margin stores and focusing on one's that can sustain the higher wages to employees. Maybe I don't have all the facts, but that's my initial impression. I know Walmart is a punching bag around here, but they're one of the most respected companies in the sustainability field. They were one of the first companies to adopt sustainability goals and push compliance onto their suppliers. That doesn't redeem them for past employment sins, but it's not as if the company is an evil empire, either. I'm hopeful that the changes in wages will catch up their employment policies with their other leading initiatives.
How much have they reduced headcount during that time? Sorry to nitpick this, but you're saying things are happening and I can't find information to back any of it up.
Of course that is what happened. The people who made the videos weren't considering the law when they made them. They believe their cause is above the law, and that justifies any and all actions to stop abortions.
I'm not proud of this. I was head over heels for her, but she insisted that we should take a break and get back together "in one year." I fell for it. In that year, she moved in with another guy, Facebook stalked me and reappeared in my life any time another woman showed interest in me - and did so just long enough to scare her away - all the while telling me I was her one and only blah blah. It was amazing manipulation. She would show up, get drunk, initiate sex (most of the time calling it off before it got going), and then cry to me about how I was the only person who called her beautiful or made her feel special, and how she should have never left me. Rinse and repeat at least once per month. If she didn't show up, it was a phone call asking for help for something or other. In that year I was such an emotional wreck that I trashed almost all of my friendships, nearly failed out of school, and was forced out of my Fraternity in disgrace. I befriended the kind of people who enjoy emotional wrecks, and who were themselves terrible people which made things even worse. She later admitted that she was trying to hurt me as much as possible *for an entire year.* That's when I realized there are bad people in the world. I was 21.
You brave soul
A Reddit argument won't change anything, but that hasn't stopped me from taking them way too seriously
*TRP
I've always hated TRP, and one of my biggest issues was that they weaponize PUA tactics so that they can be used in relationships, and then they teach these aggressive, manipulative, abusive behaviors to children. So now you have kids manipulating and abusing each other into sex. However, I never expected them to actually create a teen-oriented sub. Wonderful. I'm sure these lowly pieces of garbage are proud of themselves.
Some things said in this subreddit are so perfect that it's like a warm blanket.
The loan I have is $25k at 5% fixed currently. The offer is for 3.565% adjustable, based on the LIBOR.
I really don't know. We're trying to aggressively pay off debt and save for a home, but it's difficult to do both. My wife has a lot more debt at higher interest rates than this particular loan, so those take priority. I'm guessing that this loan will be in the 10+ year range for a payoff. :/ The biggest factor is that our financial situation isn't stable over the next five years, so I can't give you a great answer. And 25k, I fat fingered my edit above.
I had to look that up aaaaaand goodbye to one hour spent on a wikipedia rabbit hole about the rotation of Earth. Cool history on the Southern Cross though.
I remember when Hotmail was like gmail - all the cool kids had it. But AOL was always aol.
Ugh, that whole top comment chain is terrible. He doesn't have to become president and permit hate crimes to be held responsible for flaming racial tension. It's pretty obvious he's doing that already, yet they claim he can't because he's not president yet. Terrible arguments.
What's mary-sueing?
I've been in your shoes. My ex fucked my shit up. Oddly, I met my wife when I had finally given up trying to date people to cover the pain and was ready to start working on myself. Then she unfucked my shit. :) IME, you have the right attitude to move on and get past this.
Yes, SRD isn't good enough for the high class posting that signifies r/all. How dare we compare ourselves to those so clearly superior to us.
THE MIGHTY KARMA OF R/ALL SHALL NOT BE QUESTIONED
Awesome explanation, thank you.
Oh wow, didn't expect that post by GayLubeOil. He's one of the most well know red pill supporters around and trolls PurplePillDebate routinely. He only has two modes: total nut job and troll. I can't believe anyone would make him a mod of anything.
Oh, nice. I didn't realize there were multiple parts. Thanks!
*as RedPillers.
I honestly can't tell the difference between his actual beliefs and his trolling, so I ignore everything he says. He has a huge following though.
I don't know specifically, but I don't doubt he's said something that strange.
Yeah, that's the 'wall' concept and they claim a woman is no longer sexually attractive by 25 (at the very latest), and they get desperate to secure a husband and settle down. This leads to the theory that women nearing 30 are all used up whores with a disgusting past and are desperate to lock down an unsuspecting nice guy before her looks totally give out. Of course, said nice guy has always been an angel and the woman is using him horribly for his money and stability, and she doesn't actually love him despite him cherishing her. You can see their own desperation and lack of socializing in that theory of the world. And it also shows how young, or at least immature, the majority of RP'ers are. If 16 is the paragon of attractiveness, then they're operating at a Jr. High level of sexual maturity - high school at best. GLO says this stuff and worse, but it's unclear to me how much of it is genuine belief and how much is exaggerated to troll people who disagree with him.
Yep. See what I mean? Total nutcase/troll.
Cool question, and I'm struggling to answer. Either, 1. Accepting bribes at work because I'm in a purchasing department, or, 2. Sleeping with one of my students. Though they're college aged so not illegal, which would just confuse them more I think. Shit, I'm so law abiding that if I saw me getting arrested I wouldn't know why.
Oh for sure, but I've seen people do business as one entity and have all assets owned by a separate legal entity or a trust, possibly in someone else's name altogether. The entity you're conducting business with actually owns nothing and so there's nothing to gain in a suit besides operating funds.
The cartoon villian devised his plot and is impressed by his own cleverness.
Ugh, I have no tolerance for that argument. Pedos aren't oppressed by society, they're shafted by their biology or whatever it is that makes them attracted to people who can't physically have sex. Society isn't being mean by protecting children from physical and mental harm.
Doesn't affect the woman anyway? Doesn't affect? Are they fucking serious? I got beat up by a bad bouncer once (he was right to throw me out since it was closing time and I talked back, but not right to throw me to the ground and throw a punch, dude was 3X my size) and lost my shit over it for a few days. I felt incredibly physically violated. And that was a single, stupid PUNCH. It's nothing compared to rape. I think these guys actually need to be beaten up. Not because it would satisfy me to hurt them or anything sadistic, but because they would finally have the slightest bit of perspective on what it feels like to be at the complete mercy of a person who is harming you and won't stop.
Only took until the second paragraph for a large red flag to be raised. &gt; Let’s put this in perspective, using gasoline as an example. Currently, market forces largely dictate prices at the pump. But suppose instead we have a single gasoline supplier -- which also owns all the means of delivering gasoline -- and government-set retail prices -- which don't reflect gasoline's relative scarcity at different times or locations. This is analogous to how our electricity “market” works. Now that we've oversimplified electricity markets to the point that it's almost meaningless, let's prepare for it to be used as a straw man to rail against policies that don't actually exist. I've written this without reading further, so this is a prediction for the rest of the article. Let's keep going. Nope, more strawmen first: &gt; Now imagine a new technology that allows individual consumers to produce their own gasoline. Say that an individual producer wants to share his gasoline with his neighbor. What price should he get for it? First question: who is providing the transportation from you to your neighbor? You or a utility company? Who is controlling the quality of the gasoline to make sure its the same as the gasoline as provided by the grid? You or a utility company? Ok, this is just poorly written. We just jumped into grid utilization trends without an introduction as to why it's important, and then immediately jumped to reliability trends, also without introduction. Then this: &gt; To criticize NEM for creating inefficiencies would be like blaming a scale for making a person overweight. What? So far you haven't mentioned anyone criticizing NEM for the two issues you stated above, so who is the boogeyman? So far we've set up three bad guys: an oversimplified monopoly analogy, proposing you have a 'right' to sell volatile regulated chemicals to your neighbor, and now some unmentioned nay-sayers that blame grid unreliability on NEM, without linking to a single source that does that. I hope we get to a point soon. Next are claims that NEM has revealed market problems, and sparked a discussion on revamping pricing models, yadda yadda. Not sure either are 100% true, but it doesn't really matter how those two things were started, so meh. Ok, next: &gt; Furthermore, NEM customers are pioneering a more efficient grid. Rooftop solar heralds a series of customer-sited technologies -- collectively known as distributed energy resources (DERs) -- that promise to make the grid more robust, cleaner and less costly. DERs, including smart thermostats, electric vehicles, energy storage, and automated appliances, can optimize consumption and supply depending on both the needs of users and the grid. They can create new business opportunities, like the peer-to-peer sharing models of Uber and Airbnb. They can also minimize the role of the public sector in the power industry. When customers invest in DERs, they use private capital, not utility capital that the public -- that is, ratepayers -- must ultimately repay. Holy shit. Every sentence is a grandious claim that NEM will save the universe. Thanks guy, you just avalanched a whole lot of claims at once. Are you hoping no one will call you on them? 1. More Efficient grid: No. Generating closer to use means less loss during transmission, but user-level solar is about half as efficient as larger, utility-scale solar installations. A big field of panels produces twise as much energy per square foot of panel, and transmission losses are not 50%. 2. DER: True. Distributed generation allows for a more robust grid, but solar isn't the only possibility. CHP, wind, geothermal, and smaller power plants all have this possibility. However, the grid isn't designed to handle this very well. Back when the grid was first laid out, large power plants were more efficient than small ones, so it made more sense to have large plants far away. To reverse this, we need the smart grid which requires grid investment spending, something that the author said was a bad thing in paragraph 3. In fact, rooftop solar also requires a smart grid, again - grid investment spending! 3. &gt; DERs, including smart thermostats, electric vehicles, energy storage, and automated appliances, can optimize consumption and supply depending on both the needs of users and the grid. Dude, that=smart grid=investment. 4. Peer sharing of electricity: Not really. You can already create a co-op with your neighbors, but this is a smart grid concept that is harder to implement than it sounds. You can't just run your own wires to your neighbors house and hope it works because the energy you supply needs to have the same frequency as the grid unless you both disconnect completely. If you supply a different voltage or frequency of electricity, you can cancel out the wave to zero, or on the other hand, start fires and blow things up. Electrical appliances do not respond well to inconsistent electricity. This is why it's not quite so simple. 4. Remove public sector: Again, false. Someone has to make sure the electricity is stable and consistent, and a reliable grid is a national security concern. We can't all turn into pioneer hippies and expect our country to work as well as it needs to. Someone has to step in and coordinate things. &gt; NEM is simply a first-generation mechanism. It is blunt and imprecise, but we should expect that for any first-generation product -- especially when it operates in a “market” hitherto controlled by governments and monopolies. &gt; Encouraging customer investments in DERs requires new pricing mechanisms to compensate DERs for the benefits they provide. The author greatly inflated those benefits and downplayed the investment required to allow them. OK, I've had enough. This guy is all over the place. He's confusing about 174 different things all at once in the article. &gt; Herein lies the rub for many utilities and the policymakers who govern them. The century-old monopoly model will naturally resist murmurs of a free market or entry by new suppliers, especially when those suppliers are currently captive customers and constituents. Alright, we've reached the bottom line: this author only partially understands how the grid works. First, there are two things you pay for: energy supply and transmission of that energy. Second, those are combined into utility monopolies in some states, but many have separated those two. The utility stays the same, but you are allowed to purchase your energy from whoever you want, including 100% renewable energy. This article completely ignores that reality. Third, if you live in a deregulated state and you sell power back to the grid, you can only sell the value of the energy provided, but you still have to pay the utility for providing the grid to transport it. That's why selling back gets you about half the price as the combined cost of buying it. Four, the biggest issue with this article as written is that in order to achieve its goals, more grid investment is needed with a much more sophisticated smart grid. Only then can net metering actually work, since you need a grid that can rapidly respond to a large percentage of renewable energy producing households. On top of that, existing power plants aren't set up for that and can't operate in that environment and still cover their own costs. Those need to be torn down and replaced or operated in an entirely different way. Bottom line - this guy wants expensive toys without paying for them.
&gt; I can not make estimates about this. But judging by my own third grade (which is 8/9 years old here) I would say that around third would have been mature enough for that [sex with adults]. Of course the environment has a high impact on how early these children mature in regards to their sexuality so my experiences cannot be compared to anywhere else. Sex was quite a frequent theme in the conversations of certain portions of my class at that time. OK, I can read a lot of lunacy and find a way to justify it, even if it's ultimately wrong. I'm fairly good at finding the supporting evidence for any claim, really. But this is too much. This is a disconnect with reality. This is ignoring how the world works with such stubbornness that I'm calling this person mentally ill. No sane person could think that a 9 year old child has an accurate understanding of sex unless they have been sexually abused. And no sane person could think that simply discussing sex is the same as being mature enough to have it. The kid hasn't even hit puberty. The biology to allow sex hasn't even been turned on yet. This guy isn't a jerk, or mean person, or anything like that. He's sick. Very sick, and possibly dangerous. Edit: &gt; I haven't had any such relationships with any child, or anyone for that matter. And even if I did have a relationship with a child I would be happy if it was just platonic and I don't have a desire to introduce children to the concept of sex. However if they do initiate something with me I won't turn them down. Correction: he is absolutely dangerous. He can't accurately interpret the maturity and motivation of children, so he will likely read something innocent as an initiation. He also doesn't understand the role of adults with regard to children, and that it is a fundamental obligation of every adult to stop a child from doing something that would harm them. Even if they say they want it, you don't let kids hurt themselves. What. The. Fuck.
I'm on mobile so I can't link right now, but yes it's a clear win for utility solar. A recent article linked in one of the energy subs showed it as 50% more efficient, which makes sense. Economies of scale allow for higher grade everything, sun tracking, better location, etc. Not to mention consistent maintenance. Residential systems of any sort suffer from being so small as to leave a lot of efficiency on the table. And the really interesting projects are combined solar field and traditional gas turbine generator, so the traditional plant ramps up and down instantly in reaction to the sun hitting the attached field, but to the grid the whole thing looks like a traditional power plant and it can easily dispatch into existing markets.
The more I learn about politics and history, the more I realize that the 1980s permanently killed the sexual revolution. Sure, there was some minor buzz in the 90s, but it faded fast. I feel cheated, since I grew up in the post-Reagan years and women had to cover every square inch and sex was framed as a bad thing.
Luckily for you, almost everything about your credit besides overdue payments and debt collections are snap-shots and your prior history doesn't matter. Of course pay off old debt, especially in collections, but then: 1. Pay down credit cards - try to get the total balance below 30% of your total credit, but below 10-15% is better. 2. Consolidate any current loans if you can, since the number of open installment loans counts against you. For example, if you have like 6 open student loans, it's better to consolidate to one (so long as it's not going to raise your rate). 3. Close newer credit cards. Despite the rumors stating that closing cards hurts you, it actually is good for you if you do it right. It **can** hurt you if it increases your debt utilization ratio (see #1), but if you can close a card and stay below 15% total credit utilization, it won't hurt you at all. It will **help** you because the average age of accounts is measured as part of your score. You want your average age of accounts to be as high as possible. 4. Other than those, always pay on time. I hope that helps.
Amazing.
Depends on the volume, and you can make them compete to drive the cost down.
I've heard that before and totally forgot about it. Thanks for reminding me! Edited.
Dorm parent here. I have wealthy nice students and wealthy not nice students. Same for all incomes as well, so money has no relation to parenting. Anyway, the ones who are raised well help without prompting, no matter their background. They pick things up, clean, organize and take care of communal spaces, help set up events and distribute food. They don't have to be enthusiastic participants of every event, but when they show up they take a small amount of ownership and make sure that they are a net benefit to the group, however negligible, without even realizing they are doing it.
Man that sucks. Like, really really sucks and I want to buy that guy a beer and tell him it'll all be ok.
No problem! It was perfect timing since I've been looking into fixing up my car a bit too. I haven't put any work into it in a few months myself. Let me know if you find out anything interesting about the car, I'm always interested to learn more. :)
So it was the original r/TheoryOfReddit?
He's stuck in an endless cycle.
I know, it's so perfect.
One of mine is almost as old as me at 24 years. IMO, you never sell an old, working pickup truck. Too damn useful.
Ditto.
Track what you spend?
Agreed. I actually try to put maintenance money into my car every month, without waiting until it needs it. Some people think it's a ripoff, but I take my cars to the dealership for its 10 and 20k mile services. They check over everything and give a list of things that need to be addressed. I can then replace those ahead of time on my own schedule and decide what is worth doing myself or hiring out. It has the added benefit that my confidence in the car is renewed each time, which is one of the reasons new cars feel so good. If you can keep your trust in your old car, it never feels old or like it could let your down.
Yeah, that's a big part of it. I described this elsewhere, but I take my car into the dealership at regular service intervals. Yes it's expensive, but it also identifies problems ahead of time and allows me to plan maintenance spend instead of react to it. If it delays buying a new car, it's worth it to me. And it keeps my current car nice, so I don't feel like I'm driving a beater.
Be careful though, the more I learn about our justice system, the more I realize I don't fully understand it and that media accounts are nearly always biased to one side and greatly inflate the significance of certain aspects while ignoring others. I don't doubt he did it and the punishment seems light, but I certainly know less about any of this than the cops, lawyers and judge. In the end the kids' life is ruined -forever- which is on par with what I think is a justified punishment for rape.
He's not going to be a registered sex offender?
Hi, I'm a dorm parent and I deal directly with victims of sexual assault. I am a title IX mandatory reporter. I received several reports this year, on top of the fact that someone close to me was also raped as an undergrad. You don't need to lecture me about the significance of rape. Just because you take this seriously does not mean you are the only person who does, and it does not make you a legal expert on the issue, either.
I was the president of my undergrad fraternity chapter and have zero sympathy for frat Bros who wind up in trouble for any reason. In fact, I'm more disappointed in them than most people who make mistakes because they, in theory, have a larger support system than most students and should have an easier time not fucking up. But I've seen some incredibly disrespectful things done to Fraternities without provocation simply for being Fraternities, and the perpetrators didn't at all realize their own hypocrisy because we're talking about frat Bros here, they're not real people amirite?
You're right, Trumps Mexican judge should recuse himself. His background means he can't be impartial.
Found the person who doesn't understand networking.
I don't discount his crimes or the impact on his victim. This is awful, and there isn't a punishment in our legal system that matches the severity of what he has done. So I'm not saying that the punishment is correct, I'm saying that I don't fully understand our legal system and certainly not this case, but even if he got off light, I'm happy that he is banned from swimming for life, will be a registered sex offender for life, and will never be allowed to forget what he did. And hopefully it dawns on him how damaging his actions were and he'll have to live with that guilt as well. But they caught him, tried him, and punished him, which is far better than the vast majority of rapists who will never be named by their victims. So I can live with this, as imperfect as it is.
I loved every picture. This was so great to see how well they fit into those scenes. And then Seth Rogan. I died.
We waited silently for the result, but I wasn't just quiet; I was sweating and shaking, nearly dying with the anticipation. Finally, the green text printed across the screen, just two sentences. I couldn't hide my puzzlement because I didn't expect this answer. It was supposed to be yes or no, right? It sounded simple when they explained it to me. "Well, what's the result?" The proctor asked, breaking the silence. In the room were the proctor, four guards, two high ranking military officers and their orderlies. One word came to mind, but I kept it to myself: 'How?' Unsure what to say, I looked back to the green printout on the monitor, with the cursor blinking at the end. "Congratulations, you have passed the test. Please kill them."
They dont realize that different grocery stores may be organized differently and so believe that their local chain is the global standard.
This is fascinating to read. I asked a bit ago about returning to a repairable model for sustainability reasons, and here you are saying most systems are fundamentally the same. This means that any repair support wouldn't be restricted to a small number of models but would be potentially useful for a large chunk of existing products in the field. This makes it even more plausible to return to a repair first model. Or am I smoking smoking something special and not realizing it?
OMG, did you use the the cheap 3 wire kit or did you go for the Cadillac 4 wire? Good times.
I don't understand this trend at all. It's just as profitable to make a repairable phone that sells at retail for twice as much. A consumer would buy it if it's understood that it will still be fast, reliable, repairable and upgradeable in 5 years time, and that new OS's will be backward compatible and optimized for the device. The margins on the device would be the same (except twice the revenus), plus they get to sell repair manuals, parts, kits, certifications, classes, franchise agreements, you name it. The product lines suddenly become diversified and you can continue to derive value out of older slams dunk products so you're less exposed if your latest model isn't a success. I don't understand why this isn't a thing! Sorry for spamming your inbox with my rants. This is just a very interesting AMA. Thanks again.
True. The male gender has basically cock blocked itself.
But conversely, undisciplined children without boundaries are just small assholes that no one can stand.
Hey, glad to hear it! I always feel good putting some money into my car and it restores some of the love I have for it. I'm glad the ignition switch worked for you. I hope the clearing the drains is reasonable and solves the problem. But all the moon roof parts can be purchased through the ford.com parts website I linked. You can get new seals and even an all-new moonroof assembly if you really want to. At the very least, you can compare it to any dealership quote and figure out what their up charge is. Best of luck!
Wow, that guy is a moron.
Wow, that guy is a moron.
That sub is literally the Judge Judy of the Internet and most readers just want to see what wacky shit people get wrapped up into. Pretending it's anything else will of course lead to unrest, since 99% of people are just let lurkers looking for interesting stories.
This is amazing
Admins don't have to do anything for communities like that to eat themselves alive.
Can you eli5 why SRD is thrown in with SRS? Also, what the hell is SRS?
That makes sense. T_D has provided a lot of content recently, so it's easy to how that would be attractive to those who simply want to grind a political axe, which would pull in a lot of outsiders who share a political belief and then unbalance the sub. That sounds hard to combat. How do you do it?
Hi Admins, thanks for doing the thankless job of keeping this place running. I'm sure you're not acknowledged enough for the headaches you put up with. I fully support any modifications that remove loopholes and exploits and I'm confident you are using your best judgement to decide what is right for this community. Keep up the good work.
Let's back up a bit. Reddit is free and easy and if used in a specific way your message gets out to millions of people. And you're assuming that marketing agencies are not using it? You have to at least entertain the liklihood that if companies aren't being paid to use Reddit, then the social media staffers themselves are using it. And probably Facebook, twitter, and whatever else is out there. I think claiming that it's a coincidence is fairly naive, TBH.
&gt; you are only fueling the fire of those who believe ADHD is an excuse. Really? I don't see many outsiders in this sub who argue about whether it exists. But I do see a lot of people who feel better when they read about other's sharing their frustrations.
I'm not usually into flashy paint, but that looks awesome.
Thank you for that excellent write up! I appreciate the time you put into it. I did some research as well, and even though I didn't find the same thing you linked, I found anecdotes about the similar effect of Strattera, so I went to a psychiatrist and he gave me a starter pack. Turns out I'm dangerously allergic to Strattera though, and on day four I came down with severe flu-like symptoms. I had muscle aches, uncontrollable shivering on par with severe parkinsons, and I simply could not get warm. I went to bed in pajamas, my full length robe, 4 quilts and a winter hat, and I was still cold. I actually enjoy describing it because it was a wild ride. So anyway, the next day I called my doc and switched to Focalin. It's working better, actually, because despite Sudafed being AMAZING, strattera didn't have the same effect and just made me grumpy. So far, Focalin has worked decently well, and I'm more used to the way stimulants work. I'm not done, and plan to spend the summer getting the dosage correct. I'm excited that it's already having a positive impact. :)
His supporters are new to politics and don't know the history of any movement, party or candidate. But since they've been studying their God for literally *months* now, they feel confident that they know more about everything than anyone else.
The West Wing pulled this as well. The political consultant was a major character in the first season and disappeared between seasons 1 and 2 without any mention of her again. Thank god, too. She was a terrible actress and her character brought the whole show down.
Of course! Good luck with your eval. I was originally diagnosed as a kid, so I have a long history of evidence and diagnoses to use when I meet a new doctor. I assume it's much harder to accurately diagnose for the first time as an adult. Remember that ADHD people tend to massively underreport the severity of their own symptoms, so it may be helpful for you to ask a close, trusted friend if you exhibit typical ADHD symptoms and tendencies before your next talk with a doctor. An outside perspective will help you gage your own abilities and limitations far better and the strategy you develop with your doc will be more focused on your specific needs with less trial and error. I check in with my wife periodically to see where I am, and it really helps.
That sounds reasonable. I was a construction manager briefly and I can envision a rolling barracks behind the wall construction crew. It would probably be similar to working on the Dakota oil fracing fields, but moreso.
The pathway to legal immigration takes years and only really works for the rich and highly skilled. We're much more restrictive of immigration than we have been at other times in our history. It is nothing like Ellis island anymore. But the conditions that drive immigration still exist. Overseas or neighbor poverty and violence are pushing people here from South America, just like it did from Europe. The biggest difference is that we no longer welcome them. I'm not saying either is right or wrong, since it's up to us to decide how we treat our own borders. However we've been through this many times before and have had times in our history when we had an open door policy and when we heavily blocked immigration. It seems to be cyclical. My personal opinion is that more people are generally better, since our country is the economic powerhouse of the planet, and with traditional immigration patterns, families are higher-paid, more educated and essentially fully-integrated by the third generation, which means that as they move up in society they leave room for new immigrants to take their place in lower - paying jobs. With incredible competition from China and a declining birthrate among affluent Americans, immigration is essential to keeping our economic power. Population growth is also related to global influence, and the declining birthrate in Europe is partly to blame for their declining influence in the world. So regardless of whether a wall works, I think we should loosen our immigration rules, by a lot.
Hey there, your last point is backwards. It's not lessening influence that reduces birth rate, it's that negative population growth reduces influence. Europe is losing influence *partly* because their population is no longer growing. That aside, I'll address the rest. 1. I'm not ruled by my feelings on this one, but on my understanding of our history with immigration. My country has opened its doors before and we still exist. We had two islands devoted to processing overseas immigrants from Europe and Asia because the influx has been so high at certain points. The only difference is where people came from, not the causes. I'm in the US because a potato famine starved my ancestors into a ship destined for the new world. Drug violence and lack of work is doing the same to Latin Americans. But claiming that all of the US turning into Detroit because of immigration is about the most uninformed thing I've ever heard. Detroit happened for specific reasons that were completely unrelated to anything remotely close to immigration. I don't know why you said that, other than to sound scary, which didn't work. And no, it will not collapse my country. You said you're not from the US, and it looks like you don't understand how immigration works here, either. My city, Chicago, has the largest number of Polish people outside Warsaw, and it also has an extremely large German community, and it celebrates the large influence that the Irish had on its police force and politics. Here's a short list of ethnic neighborhoods that exist here (and not all of them, I don't know most): * Little Italy * Greek Town * China Town * Ukrainian Village Other areas of the city don't have specific names but have a traditional heritage: * Devon Avenue is mostly Indian. Ironically, we have a type of grocery store called an Indo-Pak grocery that specializes in Indian and Pakistani food. Those countries hate each other, but get along just fine here. * Polish Delis. We're one of the only places in the US that celebrates Casimir Pulaski day, for a celebrated Polish soldier who fought in our Revolutionary war. * Pilsen is a traditional Latino community on our south side. Last year it was featured in the New York times as one of the hottest neighborhoods to visit. It has since become a tourist and hipster destination. * We have entire Korean malls where it's hard to find employees that speak English, but the food is great. And that's just a small number. Each of those places celebrates a particular heritage, but all races live in them. The traditional immigrant pattern (and we've had many, many, many, immigrants in our history) is that they come here and clump together into tight-knit communities that mostly speak their home language. The second and third generations become slowly integrated and move away from the neighborhood to pursue their dreams. The old neighborhood then slowly welcomes everyone else while still celebrating why it is there in the first place. This is America. We welcome immigrants, and they integrate into our culture. Of course we change. Every group of people changes us, but Latinos have already been here for a long time. We happily eat Mexican food and salsa dance. They are already part of us. Claiming our country will disappear because of them is sheer stupidity. And it makes economic sense. Latinos are filling jobs that most current residents do not want. And they are making up for the declining birthrate among current residents. Our population is only growing because of them. So whatever your experience is with immigration in your country, it doesn't apply to the US.
Hi! I'm an engineer efficiency engineer but I've spent the last 1.5 years in a procurement role. I feel your pain. First - don't buy individual components in an attempt to build your own system. There are plenty of packaged solutions that exist, you just need to find them. 130F is considered low temperature and should be easy to produce using a variety of methods. The other consideration is how much water is needed. If it's a decent flow, then you'll need to look into a commercial-grade system. A domestic hot water heater is great in a lot of ways, but it has a small flame that can't deal with a lot of usage. It's meant to pull in cold water and heat it up overnight for morning use in a home, and it won't be enough for even a modestly sized car shop unless you're only doing a couple of bumpers a day. You need commercial or industrial hot water heaters similar to this: http://www.hubbellheaters.com/model/gx/#specs But I'm not sure that's the right one for your needs. For one, it has a minimum flow requirement which your customer may not be able to sustain, and it is only rated for 4.6 gallons per minute with a 100 degree temperature rise. Is that enough? WHO KNOWS? Do you or your customer know exactly what is needed? Not just the temperature, but also the flow rate, pressure needed, how to apply the water, and how to design a system to produce what is needed? You said you don't, and in my experience the customer is an expert in their process, not in designing the support equipment that is used in their process. So here's how I would do this the easy way: 1. Do a vendor search for companies that have products similar to Hubbell 2. Find their local dealers and representatives and try to figure out if they rep multiple product lines. 3. Figure out which of them have sales staffs willing to do a site visit to design a system and quote an installation. 4. Get some quotes for your customer to review, requote if necessary to refine the scope, then negotiate (or don't, it's up to you). 5. Pick the winner, costumer oversees installation. Here's how I would do this with a little more effort (if it was a high-value project, mission critical or a large-scale operation): 1. Find multiple design-build engineering firms with hot water system experience. 2. Quote their services for all of these turn-key project, just design, just design and installation. This is to understand their cost structure and equipment markup (see next). 3. Ask the design-build firm if they are willing to allow you to purchase the equipment directly and have them install it, according to their design. 4. Ask them for the top manufactures of this equipment. 5. Select design-build firm of your choice, with customer approval. 6. Solicit equipment pricing from the top manufacturers. &lt;- should be done alongside design-build firm review as much as possible to save time. 7. Review quotes with your design-build firm as they are now your technical experts and no longer have a financial incentive to push you toward any particular equipment vendor. Ask specifics about why certain equipment/quotes are better than others. 8. Add together the equipment quote that you received to the design and install quote from the design firm. Is that total more or less than their turn-key quote? 9. If more, go turn-key route. If less, buy equipment and supply to design firm for installation. Of course, do your purchasing thing and negotiate down the prices at each step. You have now made sure to purchase and install the proper system and the responsibility for getting it correct is on someone who knows what they are doing, not you or your customer. Plus, you have installed the correct system while driving down the cost through competition and negotiation so you have provided plenty of benefit to your customer to justify your involvement. I'm new to sourcing, so forgive me if I just gave you sourcing 101 without you needing it, but it's best to assume the lowest level of knowledge for people who ask stuff on Reddit.
I attended a review meeting for a book on how to manage design-build firms because this is a problem in project management engineering as well. Essentially, as companies seek lower-costs on large-scale projects, there is a growing trend to hire a design-build company instead of a separate design firm and installation firm. This has had the effect of reducing or altogether eliminating formal design documentation because the design-build firm handles everything internally, and they have a financial interest to do it as quickly as possible and to cut corners to reduce their own costs. Naturally documentation at every stage is the first thing to go. Here's the book: http://www.usgbc.org/education/sessions/2016-ashrae-winter-conference/dont-call-it-comeback-new-and-improved-design-build Though you can buy it through ASHRAE as well. It has a lot of similar chapters to your guide, and you may find it useful to gauge if you've covered everything (or covered more!). It's in its second publication after a 10-year revision that also surveyed industry experts. After managing a few design-build projects, as well as a few design-firm-build-firm projects, and also trying to understand the intended function of equipment 10 years after it was installed by a design-build firm with a lack of documentation, I can tell you that it's a serious problem for all types of projects. Good on you for studying it.
I did design work as a manufacturing engineer, though it wasn't anything fancy. I hand-drafted some schematics for parts racks to be prototyped and built by our fab vendor. But that was a small part of my job and I mostly solved production problems. However, I wasn't designing new products, just support equipment for the plant floor. I have an ME degree though, so I had some CAD experience under my belt.
Where? i can't find it.
Yup.
I'm an energy engineer and did a shit load of thermodynamics in college and the real world. So watching this argument is extra delightful. :D
It doesn't exist as far as I know. Physicists and engineers study the exact same principles, but one studies their application while the other studies their theory, and most of them can walk in the other's world fairly comfortably.
Its Banner ad costs vs. staffer or volunteer costs.
You just proved my point.
I don't mean they can do each other's work, I mean they understand each other's work.
Don't forget, cis and GayLubeOil are power users in TheRedPill. Most of The_Donald's culture comes directly from that subreddit.
I've been watching them in TRP for a few years now (every few months I argue in PPD against their shitty beliefs), and them making money makes all kinds of sense. They say the most outlandish shit.
I would confront someone wearing that shirt and ask them to justify wearing it.
Had no idea, thanks!!
He did, and even more so after his comments about Orlando. The problem is that he is supported by a bunch of crazies who never participated in politics before, and the conservatives don't know how to put the lid back on the jar. The average Trump supporter is someone who has paid zero attention to politics, voted on dog-whistle issues their entire lives, and only now care about the campaign process because they feel like the great orange beacon 'gets' them. That's why arguing with a Trump supporter is so weird. They've only been paying attention to politics for 6 months and have no idea what they are talking about. What Trump says on air is literally 100% of their knowledge on any given political subject.
I thought it was because he couldn't hold a rifle.
I stopped talking to everyone in my family for two years after far less shot was pulled on me at my step sisters wedding. They're nice now. I recommend.
Good advice thanks. I might try that with a spare HDD and see how it goes.
That's sounds familiar but I can't say for certain. I remember I downloaded a directx upgrade tool to try to fix it after reading on some forums but that didn't work either. What you described sounds like the same thing. I'll try a clean install and see what happens.
That's what they call themselves and their 'domreddit,' because subcategories and subscribers are clearly cucks. Fucking stupid if you ask me.
If I'm just a fleeting cast member in your dying dream I'm going to be soooooo pissed at you.
Anesthesia works way too well on me. A 30 minute eye surgery once put me under for 4 hours. I guess it brings out my inner ginger, being Irish and all. But I felt the same way when I woke up; that I wouldn't have known if I had died. No time passed and there was no sensation of anything, it was just a void and waking up was the strangest thing. But I didn't actually die, so there's that.
It's ridiculous to think that Reddit isn't being used like any other social media. I chalk up the resistance to accepting this as people wanting to think Reddit is somehow special and a 'pure' platform for people to be heard. I know the admins attempt to do just that, but their recent r/all changes imply that it's an ongoing battle, not something they have solved for good.
Are you building the last Interceptor? Looks awesome, man.
Holy cow, that sucks. My experience was way more tame: I was groggy, but that's about it. Anesthesia ' s a helluva drug.
My wife used it when she worked in communications for a University. *Everyone* uses directed social media. It's surprising how many people don't want to accept this.
Good points. I just take everyone at what they say, not why they say it. Motivation doesn't matter if they're speaking the truth, and everyone should be called on it if they are lying. So just treat them like anyone else.
CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY
Don't worry happens to a lot of guys
Something about not sending their best and hypocrisy yadda yadda. It's so confusing to keep track of the condradictions anymore.
Use a ratcheting tie-down next time. Soruce: my brother and all his shit cars.
That's terribly pessimistic. I think the three of them would have wildly different presidencies, especially with how they relate to Congress, but their legislative agendas would be entirely different. Hillary will be largely a continuation of Obama, Sanders will make a left turn, and I have no idea what Trump would do. Saying you dislike all three doesn't mean they are all the same. But if you want to sit out this election, that's your prerogative.
I came to a crappy realization a few years ago: politicians suck. If you think about politics in general, it's a bunch of people who have no practical skills. Sure, they may have been lawyers or something at some point, but they then chose a career that values only these things: * Being electable * Making deals * Outmaneuvering competition * Winning They are not experts in anything. Other people write the laws they sponsor, and they rely on lobbyists to tell them what is happening in the real world outside Washington. Their profession doesn't invent new technologies, generate new ideas, or do all that much to advance human kind. At best, they implement good technologies and ideas that will benefit society through legislation, and at worst, they do the same thing with bad technology and bad ideas. But ultimately, those things are created by other people: academics, inventors, think tanks, etc. But because politicians create laws, they always write themselves into the process of controlling society, so we're stuck with them. And creating laws is a powerful position that lots of people want influence over, so politicians are the gatekeepers to succeeding in society. The fastest way to succeed or fail as a business is to have a politician support or kill your product. So we rely on our gatekeepers to control our society, but by their very definition they are not knowledgable about what they are legislating and their skillset only includes the things they need to stab each other in the back. So knowing that, you realize that you'll never get a perfect, ethical, decent human being as a politician. They put on a good show, but in reality, they're all basically death eaters in makeup (I know a few politicians personally, and they make me uncomfortable when I'm around them - so sleazy). In order to get your technology and ideas promoted and possibly enacted into law, you need to find the death eater that represents your views and put vote them into office. If you're lucky, that person will represent your ideas and also be a bigger sleazeball than the competition, so your ideas have a shot at winning. That's why I support Hillary.
He has no idea what he's talking about and the more he says, the more obvious that becomes.
How do you know this?
Yeah, good advice. I also follow further back than if they were in a car, even in traffic, and I move to the side of my lane if they're lane splitting. My nightmare is hitting a biker or having them hit me.
Whoa, he's a gamer gating terper? No wonder The_Donald speaks so highly of him.
What did you have for Brexit?
Yeah, all those wars were the tits.
What the fuck? That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard someone do.
The biggest criticism Boomers have of Millennials is that we live the way they raised us. If they didn't want us to be the most inclusive and open minded generation, they shouldn't have told us those were good things.
John looked up, terrified. The number jumped. It jumped! It wasn't a small jump either, this was simply insane to imagine. He had been preparing for his single murder since the number appeared, but now he was panicking. Elsewhere, the rules committee was packing up their papers and standing for adjournment. It had been a long meeting, and some members stretched their backs, glad it was over. "It was a tough decision, but ultimately the right one." Mike said, extending a hand to his colleage, Jackson. "I hope so," he replied. "I still have my doubts, but maybe including all future ancestors in the number will prove out in the end."
&gt; idgi are you saying it's better to have less experience than more? No, it's better to have good judgement, which hasn't been exercised at our national level since around 1980, save for some isolated decisions. In general though, the theme has been to increase profits and remove regulation no matter the cost to society. &gt; Like lol is "ageism" supposed to be bad? In this context yes, since you're shitting on young people just for being young. How about you turn in your drivers license before you kill someone? Or at least retire from the workforce since people half your age are twice as productive because they actually know how to use technology. Do either of those sound like fair beliefs just because of age?
That a revisionist reading of your own words. You said the opinions of young people aren't worth much. &gt; your opinions about the world aren't going to be worth that much. How is that not offensive?
Then defend the fact that the 'experienced' in England were just duped by their politicians, who are now walking back on every promise they made about Brexit. I don't see how you can uphold experience as overriding all other attributes while watching the absolute disarray caused by the 'experienced' voters who were completely fooled and now regret their votes. If experience is all someone has, I'll kindly ignore them. I'd rather have an experienced smart person over an inexperienced smart person, but I'll take smarts over age any day. It's offensive because you're refusing my arguments against experience on the grounds that I don't have enough experience. Your circular logic has made you Impermiable to outside opinion. You don't know my age or status in life. You're writing as if I'm in high school and know nothing of the world. You're convinced that you know better because you're older, but you don't seem to know how old or experienced I am. Your arrogance is what I find so disagreeable. You don't care at all about what I have to say, and it's based on assumptions about who I am. When I'm older, you'll be older still, and ignore me still, as I'll never be as 'experienced' as you. Your certainty in this single viewpoint rivals the most naive teenagers I've met.
&gt; I'm just pointing out that regardless of what you were taught, if your experience in real life doesn't stretch back to before The Big Bang Theory was on TV, your opinions about the world aren't going to be worth that much. Which is particularly head-scratching in this context, where the youngest voters turned out to be correct, while the oldest voters contributed to a decision that has tanked the pound, downgraded the credit rating of the UK, and re-ignited movements for Scottish Independence and Irish reunification. And they had just two years ago tried their hardest to keep Scotland in the UK. I'm not pointing at 1,000 years of mistakes, I'm pointing directly at the generations that voted in this referendum, and how the experienced ones were duped by politicians and have so far tanked their country.
&gt; Yes they're not going to be much compared to people with more experience, all else being equal. You keep taking issue with this very simple truism. I take issue with your statement that experience is more important because we're not talking about all other things being equal - you've been trying to rewrite your earlier statement since you said them. I could give a shit about experience because I'm criticising a group of people that are less educated, less informed about the issue, and xenophobic, who happened to be old and swayed the referendum toward 'Leave.' You're the one that defended them on the grounds that their experience makes their opinions automatically worth more, or as you stated it - that the opinions of young people aren't worth much. Which is entirely ridiculous, and why I am arguing with you right now. I don't take issue with the truism, I take issue that you're using it to defend stupid people! &gt; Like in this specific example, do you think they didn't know it would be worse inn the short term? Everyone knew that. They didn't. The 'Leave' leaders were back peddling their biggest arguments within hours of the votes being cast. Every major news outlet has found Brexit supports who claim they feel lies to about the common market, immigration and the money for their Healthcare system. Their experience meant shit. &gt; Experience is important and having it always better than not. Sorry. Of course it is, but hats not the point, and you're trying defend a truism instead of your actual statements. I don't care about the intrinsic value of experience, I'm staying these people fucked up and that they have more or less experience is meaningless.
I haven't cheered that hard for a protagonist in years.
