They absolutely are micromanaging the hollywood execs, hence the firing of exec who talked shit about Aloha in emails.
The show would have benefited from less Daredevil and more Matt Murdock.
I don't know what you were expecting it seems your mind is made up. Going down with this ship will very likely cause you pain and misery. It takes two to fix a relationship.
I have no fucking clue what you are talking about. You are very hot, probably universally so. Go forth and multiply.
I can't find it.. But the make up artist looks like Rio Mariah but she appears to be speak English
Well if it was then I should be able to find it.. I remember the video because I always wondered who that woman was in the Rocco video. For context it was a four-way with Julian St. Joix(too lazy to google) and some regular white porn dude. They switched partners mid-stream.
That is the scene I was talking about. Is that not the same girl? I thought it was.
Stop using Axe body wash. That stuff leaches all moisture from you body.
Depending upon where she's from she might be waiting the appropriate time to drop a Papi.
Yeah Axe made my skin dry up like crazy. Do some nice moisturizing soap for a month it will clear right up.
What country are you from? Are you in the US?
No way. He spends more than half of each episode kicking ass. A little lawyering or character development for Matt would have been nice. As it is everybody is more interesting than he is.
Father in Law of the year right there. Ladies and gentlemen that's a real fucking man. OP. Move out of the house. Tell her you need some space. I'd start going to therapy ALONE. You need to see if you can deal with this without having a blubbering mess in the house with you. Good luck.
If your costs for coverage exceed a certain percentage of your income you don't have to get insurance.
Let him go. LDR are pretty hard and it sound alike yours is somewhat frayed anyway. Don't move or move in. Just let this stay dead. I wouldn't expect my partner with kids to move to me anyway. Sounds like he was his highest priority.
It might be forgivable if it was a one on one situation. Like she was confiding in her one best friend. But to tell a group, no matter how small, is kinda fucked up. I can't lie though I'e talked about sexual performance of girlfriends in the past with my friends. Only difference is it's been performance, something they can change, not a physical trait they can't.
Op I agree with this. I've been cheated on and it sucks but I'm mature enough now to know that it doesn't mean she didn't love me. People have all kinds of motivations. You know this now yourself. Even if you got back with him it wouldn't be the same. He wouldn't trust you. You are young and you'll find another guy. Just learn from this. It'll probably help to date more so you'll have some comparisons in your mind. Lots of assholes out here.
And his five other sponsors didn't pay shit.
And because of the Texas. Everything is built here for best case scenarios.
I wouldn't fully disclose to her at least not right away. Just break up and make up a mundane reason. You'll likely only be in the same town another year or so.
I disagree. The least attractive woman I had sex with was the best sex I ever had. She was very open and enthusiastic. Seems like the super hot women kinda rest on the laurels where there women who aren't as hot work harder. Just my opinion
First grip the base as you pull out of orifice. Second go to bathroom and fill with water to check for rips or breaks. Pour out contents. Then wrap in to and throw in the trash. Done!
Women willing to swallow are more apt to get you to the finish line. They approach the whole thing with more urgency in my opinion.
That SOB deserved one too. The guy fucking cried in the ring.
He's also the guy who thought punches to the thigh was innovative offense.
A lot of guys like him, win one and lose one, are going to quit with this Reebok deal. Even if they liked fighting who can afford poverty.
These same fucks who run this state are the people who wrap themselves in the bible and scripture at every turn. They seem to have no problem killing and imprisoning people that could be guilty and could give a fuck all about setting it right.
Someone was going to slap that bitch sooner or later. You did her a favor. She tries that shit with a different guy and girl it's a real beat down.
Isn't it the difference between being married and just dating? Dating people should be on their best behavior. They are auditioning for marriage.
Stay the fuck out of this. Like way the fuck out of this. If he was dating her at the time it's very possible he already knows about this. You can disguise pregnancies with clothes but I doubt he didn't see her naked if they were dating.
He's got an individual Reebok deal.
Long term care is expensive and only goes a few years max. Sucks.
You need therapy. I think k you resent his inability to give you a baby,subconsciously. Get help or this will ruin you.
Show me those policies. They don't issue them anymore. People live too damn long now
You can also talk to patient coordinator at hospital or the billing department. $1800 they an probably right that off if you have a hard luck story.
Call them and try to order them. Also their chocolate chip cookies are the best in town
Tell him but be prepared to lose your friend. I guarantee he'll stay with her and tell hers what you said.
Stick with the therapy and actually try the stuff they suggest.
Not true. Long term study of kids moved from bad neighborhoods to good neighborhoods. They earned more money than their peers who didn't move and had better lives overall as adults. http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/images/nbhds_paper.pdf
Discussing shit just gives manipulators a chance to manipulate more. The best revenge is indifference
In the future don't respond to the letter. Usually they are fishing expeditions. You go the site they give you in the letter and you are confirming information they didn't already have. Don't torrent man. It's just a big honey pot now.
Some guys do gear themselves up with the chatting and online flashing. There are a lot of flakes on those dating sites, mostly married and attache guys who don't actually want to fuck someone but get off on the looking. We probably need distinction on this issue from OP. I've been cheated on, someone full born fucking someone else, and it blows, like really blows and makes you question yourself. But as I get older and after being in a long time relationship I can understand how you can cheat on someone and still love someone and care about them. It takes a lot of work to not cheat. Perhaps OP's husband coping mechanism is to look at broads online blow a load and then go back to his happy marriage. I'm not saying OP should go with this or be okay with it but it might be useful to understand it if she wants to stay married to him.
What's the fucking fetish? Even if you delete this and repost it with a throw away it would put things in perspective. That said whatever your fetish is do you honestly think he'll break up with you if you mention it? He'll either say not my thing OR he could be up for it. Imagine how good things could be if he's up for. It's a risk but it's a small one.
Ben is that you?
Well it's false advertising because from the actual trailer it looks like only one guy gets laid. It's not a sex comedy. That said Balls out is a better title than Intramural.
I remember hearing years ago that he was scared to even go to Mexico to promote his fight for similar reasons. I wonder why he wouldn't move his camp to Denver or some other elevated city just to try to get close.
He's prepping the press for a loss. If Cain eon he'd look even more invincible.
This happens all the time with women her age. Want to know why women can't find good guys? This shit right here. Women all fuck the same 5 assholes. You are husband settle down material. He's date fuck material. Go be with someone who got her dumb side out of her system.
Couldn't you get a long one with a a suction cup and have her stand and lean over?
Her parents are fucking haters.
Yeah what your wife is saying is I want to fuck strangers but I want you around to do the Boeing shit they won't do. Yeah fuck her. If you don't have kids leave asap if a lawyer approves.
You didn't really have a marriage. You had a lie. Also get std tested.
For there to be an emotional affair don't both parties need to have emotions about each other? Seems like she's giving him hope where there is none and could give a shit about him. He's infatuated and she isn't. Your husband is pathetic but not a cheater. I don't know if thesis worth breaking up over. I imagine most people have one man or woman from their past who is their kryptonite. Fortunately for the both of you his kryptonite had no interest in him.
Why didn't you consider the family thing before moving?
What are your plans after fighting? What do you think could be done to get more minority women involved in martial arts? What's your favorite book?
I moved with someone and not for the. They chested and I was in a shit town by myself. It took a while but I realized this was an opportunity. Nobody knew me. I could do what I wanted without fear of embarrassment or judgement. Moving is a nice do over. So do that. Also take advantage of where you are. Go out and do Pa shit. See things. Join things. Live god damn you, said in Ed Harris voice.
I hope he didn't pay for that shit. Seems like a big waste.
I've been tour guide to relatives, including my mom. If this is the last dinner dude may actually be broke. I think it would be supportive of you to opt out or pay for your own dinner. Dude could have handled it better but a week worth of hosting relatives (breakfast, lunch, dinner plus gas,etc.) can put a strain of people who can afford it.
Yeah after the last SXSW the line went from 45 minutes to 2 hours. They need to fucking expand. If John can open a place in South Carolina he can add another cutting station and cash register to Austin. The food is already cooked when they open. It's just a matter of adding more people to cut and ring up the food.
I'm wondering if he just lives there regularly and wants to sound better off.
Red Rising. How the fuck is he wring himself out of the corner he put himself in at the end of Golden Son? I just don't see it.
Give John Scalzi a try. Most of his books before the last one are pretty hopeful and non dystopian.
I missed it. Bottom line don't do this shit Op.
You must converse about this but maybe ask her about hard limits? (What she doesn't want)You need some parameters for mental safety and your piece of mind
Have you guys tried couples therapy. I would suggest doing that before having another kid together. I actually think you might get to the bottom of your relationship issue. Sounds like you guys aren't together for very nebulous reasons. The fact that you'd consider this means you have a better relationship than a lot of married people. Before doubling down on kids maybe you should consider actually being a couple for real.
Don't know where you are flying to. This is what I'd do. Freeze it overnight take it out of freezer and put in freezer bag sealed tight. Maybe two bags. This is important because if you put it with your clothes they will smell like smoke otherwise. To avoid this I'd carry it on and keep any sauces separately. I've gotten through with small amounts of sauce frozen but that's not a guarantee.
Nothing is created in a vacuum. Unions started overprotecting workers because management can be crazy. People set up fiefdoms and do crazy shit and break the law. I feel like unions should do a better job of NOT helping shitty people but they kinda operate like lawyers, everybody deserves help/defense. They have a plan for getting rid of people but it's so onerous most managers don't want to put forth the time/effort.
I disagree. The media became deregulated and jobs started going overseas to non-union non-labor law areas. The disaffected unemployed worker has free time and watches this de-regulated media and hears all this bad shit about unions, put forth mostly by the companies that off-shored jobs. The bottom line is that most workers are better off in a union than not in one. Most people don't own businesses so anti-union activity is really in their worst interest.
The bitch was crazy, the end.
Don't give up the grip.
There's a cap? I though this shit was unlimited. How can they give you 1gbps and cap you?
It's also an attraction at one of the parks - too
Time Warner is stingy. Uverse is good the best for previews. They tell you when it comes on.
Is this true? Black American and fear crazy shit when traveling internationally.
Depends on what they paid those guys to fight.
What does J being poor and black have to do with anything? He'd be more likely to do time not less. Also if your sister has no money your folks can put a stop to this shit quick since prison communication is expensive.
You can't visit non-stop. If she's on disability or can't fend for herself he's not going to stick around if her parents aren't financing things.
She sounds like a horrible wife and partner. I'd leave. For real.
No need. MMa junkie radio is IN the MGM Grand if I recall. They would know.
I feel like Europe wants it both ways. It can't survive without under paid cheap immigrants but they seem to always bring their religion with them.
His post makes no fucking sense but I don't see it as anti-gay. He sounds pro-gay just really dumb.
I gave up a few episodes into season one. I felt the team was really poorly thought out and boring.
He can afford to sign guys for pennies on the dollar too since sponsors are so shitty in the UFC now. Kosch owns part of Dethrone I think. He can cake up pretty easy doing it with sponsors.
Blue Star is very good. I like the cheese grits there and the pancakes.
You should check with a lawyer. It might not matter in your state. Kids born in marriage seem to always get charged to father regardless of paternity.
You can get a health insurance waiver.
No get a bio bidet attachment. We've all been doing it wrong man.
I think anybody who goes to college can say that. Schools do a really crappy job of talking to students about how to get a job.
Okay his rib is okay. How the fuck is he going to make weight? On a good day when he's 100 percent he barely makes it.
That make sense.
This is also a great suggestion. The place is a gem but it's way the fuck up North. Very nice food though.
Menu isn't anything crazy but I think their approach with game meat and stuff was interesting.
You can get a waiver if healthcare is too high a percentage of your income.
Support groups often meet for free. Also it's pretty common for people who have been abused in some way to develop kink around those abuses. It's a way to own the experience and take back control. I imagine if you work on finding someone you trust you can work towards achieving orgasm.
You are drawing this out. You want to get divorced file. Don't hang around. Also it's much easier to leave since you have someone lined up. He probably doesn't. Even if I was willing to get a divorce I wouldn't want to see the phone bill. You want to leave leave because he's not a good match or he's got shit he won't work on. Don't leave for someone else. You are leaving your husband for a fantasy. Was your husband a bad guy or was the "spark" just gone?
Get her family on board with your plans.
The best sex is with fucked up people.
She was gas lighting you. Move on. It's possible you weren't perfect but neither was she. If she wanted to leave she should have said so. Instead she wanted her cake and eat it too.
I thought Northcutt left because Daddy said he they anode him tired or something.
We have video of her suicide?
Hire a cleaning service. They aren't that expensive and if she wants to fuck up her weekend doing more that's her business.
She's trying to make you break up with her. I think she met someone else. If you break up she can skip dealing with parents and honestly say you were a horn dog. Leave her.
He had a bad hamstring injury too but never talked about it.he was a late replacement if I recall.
If you are brain damage how are you supposed to make the choice to stop since you have brain damage? Your reasoning could already be compromised at that point. Regulators need to step in.
Does head scratch mean blow job?
Something isn't clear. Is he just a creepy boss who is being taken advantage of by an inept employee or is she interested in him? I can tell you that in any long term relationship you will be tempted. Adults don't act on it. In a way I see his point. If she isn't into Hi. He's firing her for no reason.
How do you think it got in the food? Also the employee s who've spoken out back up reports that the plant was not sanitary and they didn't care about issues reported. No recall. No notice to customers. They didn't care. Keep eating it all you want but I'm done. http://www.dallasnews.com/business/restaurants-hotels/20150913-former-blue-bell-workers-describe-dirty-unsafe-conditions-at-brenham-ice-cream-plant.ece
Are you seriously thinking about marrying her after 3 months? Also why are you okay being in a sexless relationship? It's not good or normal. Just run man.
I know people are knee jerking that he's an asshole but could we have a little empathy. Special needs kids are a huge thing. We don't know all the details. Fuck its possible seeing his kid struggle causes him so much pain he can't be around him. This is a real thing.
Tell the wife. Totally possible she already knows.
Try getting a hotel room once or twice a month to let loose. It seems you are into the sex but are inhibited.
Yes you do. Higher interest rates on debt,etc...
Correct. Higher rates for mortgages and higher medical bills. One person who can't pay their bills effects everybody.
Anytime a crime is posted about on a news site or reddit and the perp is brown.
Oh no... Sea level Cane, full camp Mendez and a re-motivated BJ Penn. Not again.
Let him know he doesn't have to be that attentive. If you get off from him getting off let him know it doesn't always have to be a production.
Start with Cinemax stuff and work your way up.
Wonder if falling energy prices had anything to do with it. The channel is state sponsored and the state's business is natural gas, which is pretty cheap right now.
Rocco Siffredi. He'll have Merkel eating out of his hand, and other places.
I dislike Jones and agree with DC but come on man. DC's been engaged for what like 10 years?
I've seen that in porn and thankfully in real life. In porn though that can't happen on camera because it isn't clear that it's "over". Porn is over when the guy cums due to the visual cues. You often see real orgasms in non traditional porn or with actors with good chemistry. Mostly its just fake shit though.
Dagnart you don't watch enough porn. Big dicks are a dime a dozen. These dildos have nothing on Jonah Falcon, Lex Steele, etc.. OP has seen enough porn to know this.
You said dildo's are designed to be unlike real penis. Well as a guy who's seen porn and unfortunately has been in a few locker rooms it's not average but it's not unheard of either.
Yeah that's a moral issue that it's entirely likely her husband won't give a shit about. Just ask him OP. He might be a little miffed but I think OP is being more offended on his behalf than he'll actually be.
You sound like a sensitive soul. This lady wanted dick and not much else. Go slow man. Do very informal low maintenance dates. You have much less to loose if she's bats hit. Wait a bit for these fun elaborate things.
You guys can get costumes and do cosplay.. Seems like you could make this a reality to some degree.
I can't help but think that Onnit's shit may not be safe either. Who fucking knows. Orin Hatch is a cunt.
Sometimes rightly so. Out laws are kinda fucked. If a woman lies about her age the law doesn't give a shit. Not justifying abuse or cp but "sex offender" doesn't always mean what it should. I once date d a girl who wanted me to sneak into her house. We were both adults she lived with her parents. I didn't do it but I can see where someone less cautious could have been fucked up.
I didn't see anything for sale there less than a dollar.
If I recall he had mortgaged part of the Beatles catalog to Sony for cash. He couldn't sell it. The whole tour he was doing was to get him out of debt.
If she fucked those guys for free would this even be a reddit post?
There isn't enough meat on the bone here. The story of a self absorbed idiot isn't worth a series. This would have been a good TAL episode.
I don't know
Is she crying from pain due to dryness or over stimulation?
Hooters? Really? You see less skin in the mall. Honestly I think Hooters wouldn't make any less money if they just sold wings. I know no guys who go there to look at women. Like zero. Your anger is misplaced in the breasteraunt arena.
Honestly that army guy (GI JOE) who took no shit and almost got drummed out for being honest was way more interesting.
Do you think he was bullshitting? It can be hard to tell with Ken sometimes.
I saw the Fronline about the issue and Will Smith was a horrible choice to play the doctor. HE totally should have played a football player.
Via. I've been to Bufalina and Backspace and they are okay but Via 313 is the only one I go back to.
I think you should correct it that it was Joe's agent he lost not his manager Joe says all the time that he's had the same manager forever.
Where have you seen anyone say anything about quotas?
They'd like the Awards show to be more representative of the world they live in. They aren't asking for quotas but you can keep clinging on that if you'd like.
I never talked shit about him. He's a win one lose one kinda guy. The UFC is full of them. I appreciate him being his age and doing it.
Your response makes no sense. Everyone boycotts places they don't agree. I have gay friends who don't ear chickfila and vegatarians who won't step foot in a BBQ restaurants on principal. They are well within their rights to do so.
Money and time. People with time have no money and people with money have no time. He's got money he should use it to make your life easier. If not then what's the point.
Lower? How about on basic cable.
Dude contact propublica as a confidential source. This is their bread and butter as a non-profit.
You could have declined but the cops could have also fucked with you trumped something up. Fact of the matter the law doesn't mean anything. You are at the mercy of the police.
This is great advice from a really bad screen name. OP I must ask have you fully considered a career in social work? I don't know what country you are in but it's really hard to make a good living in the US with a social work degree. If you stay married why not get a degree in something that has more stability and upside. I hate piling on but fuck I'd hate for you to have student loans you can't pay back on TOP of all the other shit you have going on.
I can't get into this. I have twitch on my xbox one and it's him talking but I can't hear who's talking to him. It seems a flaw and makes things less entertaining.
Let's also be fair. These for profit schools and code academies are convenient. Something traditional colleges could give a fuck about. They are especially convenient for people not accustomed to dealing with beuracracy.
The military has a history of going after people for whistleblowing. Which is a legally protected practice. Even if they don't go after people legally they still ruin their careers.
Or run a mortgage scheme.
Oh no.. Lyoto needs to stop or at least take a year off.
This sounds well and good but there tons of posts on here that people find out they aren't sexually compatible when they waited till marriage. It's just not practical.
Umm Daredevil would be dead or in a coma after all the punishment he took. He doesn't have a healing factor after all. Broken ribs can take months.
A guy making 40 and 40 just got tapped in half a submission.
Chris was a champ but he hadn't fought that many times due to injuries, steroid busts, etc.. I'm sure money was an issue for him. The Reebok deal probably isn't helping.
Because a glancing blow from Rumble crumpled him. An already compromised Arloski didn't get knocked out.
He looked gassed.
The reality is that if he participated in male gay relationships puts him in a higher risk pool for deadly STDs than a straight guy. Sure everyone should get tested but let's be clear their risk is greater.
Women say this exact shit all the time. Believe me lots of women feel after their 20s it's downhill.
Fuck you. How is what I said in dispute even a little bit?
Well it suggests that some people with this guy's name can't look white or at most a swarthy white person. Color lines also exist in India and Mexico.
Are you Mexican? I can assure you that those who look "white" are absolutely aware of it. It's not one big racial family.
It depends on the level of care needed. I looked at some before placing a relative in one. They varied from nightmare to nice hotel. I found a nice one that now costs $7k a month. Relative has dementia, is in a lock down unit so he doesn't try to escape, doesn't like to bath and often locks himself in his room. This stuff doesn't get easier it gets harder as they get sicker.
That's your mom's fault for not pressing the issue. She's creating her own misery. I've found most good parents don't expect to be taken care of.
Boring and high paid. Shields was on a old strike force deal and was apparently way overpaid for someone who lays and prays like he does.
how's that going to work in cold weather?
Only if Heyman gets to bring the old school cell phone with him.
Nina Hartley we need you in here stat!
Brad Pitt. Does a lot of good shit with minimal publicity. Also Henry Winkler because he doesn't seem ashamed of his life as the Fonz. Also Piers Anthony cuz he was awesome to a fan who showed up at his door.
So should they be banned from all clubhouses?
Yeah but if you are famous you have to recognize not people are going to be nicer to you than everyone else. His reality is skewed.
His 100 percent and reality don't always mesh. I'm not basing Joe but he's got blind spots regarding Zuffa and their tactics.
That's who the party is. I'm starting to think this will help down ballot. We'll get more Trumps.
Wages were stagnating before. We were trading manufacturing jobs for retail and low paid healthcare jobs.
How did he get caught?
Thankfully the camera will catch the murder.
London. If I asked for water they brought me a $5 of sparking water. I had ask specifically for still and even then it was brought warm in a glass.
Four Hands Outlet store. I believe on Burnett. Very nice stuff and good prices. Sometimes scratched but it' wall good solid wood furniture.
It is Fox News. Honestly it was the Amit Jewish shit that did her in.
Walk into a Christian Church this morning. At least some of them will be cosigning this shit.
Can't he be both? Most of the Gunman die so we never know if they were down with ISIS or not.
Guys date women with no arms or legs. Scars won't stop anyone who wants to date you.
Is he sending her this stuff or is it just him writing this privately? I think sending it would be the issue to me. Him having a fantasy life is allowed. If he just thought this stuff and didn't write it you would have never know.
She's very likely dating or is interested in someone else. Let it go man.
He'd be 50 by then.
Can' t warn about this place enough. She was there by herself. Lunch took more than an hour. Parts of it were ice cold. I appreciate her charity work but it's just not practical. Toon family from Louisiana to French Quarter Grill and they loved it.
No Republicans complained about the gun that killed a cop. Bush ran the same program with equally shitty results. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-11-17/the-guns-that-got-away
Did they actually explain that. Because the end of one season he had serious issues. The beginning of the next season someone asked him if he's okay and it's like yeah he's fine.
I watch that Blu-ray anytime I buy a new TV. It's the benchmark.
But are they less than pre aca?
Your kid is old enough to speak for himself. Depending. Upon the laws in your state you can also start recording these infractions as evidence.
They'll make him work to get those shares vested though.
I live in Austin and it was bad for about less than year and now it's back so hard people can't afford to live in town or the surrounding areas anymore.
No price point was provided in the initial calls. They just aren't calling back.
Thanks for the suggestion.
They were dumb enough to not say they were booked. Also if they were on the right side of history they'd have a lot of cake business from like minded people.
Go to Costco and get something that looks nice. Price be damned.
