I usually play multiplayer games on PC. I've purchased a ton of single player games like all of the Batmans, Bioshocks, Half Life, etc and they never get any play. Usually if I sign into Steam, I'm looking to play with friends. But games like Borderlands 2, Left 4 Dead 2, TF2, KF2 are what I mostly play. I definitely want the experience of multiplayer games on console, but I think just chilling and playing a single player game is why I want a console. But that is a great point about PC and Xbox. If Quantum Break appeared on PC, I would probably be sold on PS4.
My friends play on Steam. I hated the PS3 controller, so I guess I'm glad to hear it's become much better.
Haha. Good to know. I was considering posting there too. But the people here have been super helpful.
Yeah, I have a few Steam pals that have Xbones. But all of my IRL friends have PS4s. I think this might be tipping the scale.
I was conflicted because I've always been a Nintendo dude and only knew a handful of console titles for the other systems. Action-adventures are my fav type of games, so looks like I'll be joining the PS4 fam.
I use Steam heavily for multiplayer games, most of my friends are already there. One of the reasons I started looking at consoles was for the immersive single player stories, exploring, and adventure type games. And to get away from my desk setup and onto my couch. If Xbox tends to skew FPS game-wise, then you've summed it up perfectly for me. Thank you! I'll just have to pray Recore and Quantum Break come to PC, those games look so tight.
What games did you buy on Xbox one?
Thanks for this!
Thanks. I'll check it out.
Awesome. Thanks for the suggestions.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/like/161942072524?ul_noapp=true&amp;ul_ref=http%253A%252F%252Frover.ebay.com%252Frover%252F1%252F711-117182-37290-0%252F2%253Fmtid%253D1588%2526kwid%253D1%2526crlp%253D53601919689_324272%2526itemid%253D161942072524%2526targetid%253D154774689129%2526rpc%253D0.14%2526rpc_upld_id%253D62434%2526device%253Dt%2526mpre%253Dhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.ebay.com%25252Fulk%25252Fitm%25252Flike%25252F161942072524%25253Flpid%25253D82%252526chn%25253Dps%2526adtype%253Dpla%2526googleloc%253D9030930%2526poi%253D9030988%2526campaignid%253D239125209%2526adgroupid%253D14978428809%2526rlsatarget%253Dpla-154774689129%2526gclid%253DCj0KEQiArJe1BRDe_uz1uu-QjvYBEiQACUj6ogB9aNR0kcscpg6KQLswLTwTx4lDZHIUCgOR1l9de2gaAlBk8P8HAQ%2526srcrot%253D711-117182-37290-0%2526rvr_id%253D972384605152&amp;chn=ps&amp;lpid=82 28 on eBay. Plenty sold. 98% feedback.
Just gotta pile on that you guys are pretty awesome.
A little over the top, mate. Might be why you're looking for friends.
RemindMe! 5 days
Tell that to r/politics which is really just r/berniesanders and anything that dissents from that is down voted.
Some people work here and have to drive through it. Especially if you're coming from the valley for work.
Thanks for the info on this.
Geez dude, you went 0 to 100 real quick. I was kind of curious what your list was too.
Hilary conceded June 7th. But I doubt Bernie would do the same.
Pretty much.
Get your bed out of the corner and presumably against a wall.
Don't use toothpaste man.
Many types of toothpaste (especially those with whitening agents) are abrasive and will dull your aligners as well as create small traps for bacteria to dwell. Just use a toothbrush and water to clean or soak them in a retainer cleaner solution.
As opposed to scrolling the main page of this sub?
Use fairy lights.
Nobody has declared Clinton the winner yet.
Jill Stein fanboy here and the vitriol goes both ways. But here on reddit, Bernie supporters have the upper hand since everything is biased and catered to him other than a couple of specific candidate subs.
Warm water. 15 - 20 minutes is all you really need. Don't overthink it dude.
Thanks for this image. I'm trolling all of my Facebook friends and posting it on their profiles.
Man, you have some good points and I agree it sucks to be falsely banned and have to sit around waiting for a response/action. But your analogy is still a false equivalency.
I would not consider him one of us.
Oh God, I never realized how much I wanted this.
If it's true Omar Mateen frequented the gay bar, it's another self hating, closeted gay hating other gays because the world told him it's wrong. That is not one of my people, he did not murder his own. There is a clear distinction of identity here.
I can't believe you received gold for not reading the article.
Waze: Make a left onto Hauser from 6th street and then get pulled over by the cop sitting there because lefts are illegal from 4 - 7pm. Me: Fuck Waze.
Oh shit, there are other gay men of color on this sub. I know how you feel bro.
Yeah. I wanted to respond, but then rationalized it would probably fall on deaf ears.
For real. Have dudes here seen boobs?
Why does the conversation always go from gun control to BAN EVERYTHING. Guns can exist with gun reform.
The vote yesterday was for an update to the background check system adding a mental health check, for background checks at gun shows and online purchases, for delaying sales to individuals on watch lists, and for banning all firearm sales to those on the terror watch list. This is the gun reform our government is proposing.
Ugh.
You aren't interested in discussion, just downvoting and telling people to shut up. It's not worth my time to continue this.
Nah. I voted for Jill in the primaries. But I will not allow Trump to take office because I vote Jill again in the general. There's so many people who will be shat on with Trump's supreme court justice nominations.
Catalyst at the expense of people who would be very fucked over by Trump. He may not be able to pass shit through Congress, but there's still a lot of real damage he can do. Our justices are getting old.
You sure?
The embodiment of the comment you just replied to.
Bernie is truly inspiring.
Individuals don't make up the many?
The wall color, the couch color, the chalkboard. Yikes!
I'm not suggesting everyone, I'm suggesting enough. If enough people vote for Jill Stein over Clinton, Trump could have the numbers to win. If enough people thought the way you do, Jill Stein could be elected as well. But we both know the numbers don't fall that way given our bipartisanship.
Me too. Edit: why is there cake?
Word of advice, take photos on your cell every so often, so you can go back and look. It's hard to tell when you see your teeth every day.
I want to echo the attachments sentiment. Don't be afraid of them. Rarely anyone knows I have Invisalign until I sit down to lunch with friends and take them out. I have 8 attachments on all of my top front teeth. Not super noticeable at all.
Crest whitening strips or get it done in a session at your dentist office.
yep.
Good guy OP.
Great insight.
Ideally TV's should be placed at eye level. Ones that are too high put strain on your neck, much like sitting in the front row of a movie theater. Fireplaces come in all shapes and sizes, but I'd wager a bet that most TV's placed above them are too high. While room focal points do dictate television placement, it shouldn't be the only factor.
Yeah this is simply not true. It was a very polarizing finale that still sparks discussion.
He's an asshole, but if you're implying he should be rasped or made someone's bitch, that's pretty shitty too.
Glad you clarified.
Oh shit, no one on this sub has had a typo before.
I just played that section last night where you're driving in the Jeep through beautiful scenery and an amazing score.
When they are funny, absolutely.
I've been honked at immediately as a light turns green or when making a left/right turn with pedestrians in the crosswalk. For as much time as we spend in the car, people are impatient if they can't see why you're not moving when you have ROW.
Karma.
Was on sale recently for $7, worth it at that price. I enjoyed the game, cinematic and short.
Rape does indeed happen in county jails. Edit: Quick google search. http://ojp.gov/reviewpanel/pdfs_nov06/written-gennaco.pdf https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/agjae/i_was_raped_in_jail_ama/ http://5newsonline.com/2013/12/16/deputies-investigate-alleged-rape-at-washington-county-jail/
You're not using that word correctly.
Most people taking a few weeks off during the summer are going to travel and relax, not sit in their homes playing video games. I can do that after work.
The irony here.
I'd place a console table or bookshelf underneath the art. Otherwise the wall eats the art and it looks like it was hung haphazardly. The rug weirdly floats in the room with no anchor to either the couch or a coffee table. Even if you don't use a coffee table, you need one to help delineate the space. Rug is too small for the sectional couch, get an 8' x 10' rug. Oblig TV is too tall, cable management, and I'd prefer to see an actual TV stand.
I'm going to agree. I think the red stripes are perfectly fine. The blue diagonal stripes might be a bit too much and is probably the reason people here are cringing. That said, it looks fine to me and I think the sub is overreacting hard. Also props to you for taking the overly harsh criticism so well and not getting defensive about it in the slightest.
Or just a place without missing cabinet doors and handles falling off. The bedroom and living room were all we really needed to see.
Center it on the wall and get it out of the corner.
You can leave the match once defeat/victory screen pops up. Not during the match complete part.
I feel like I'm in Minority Report or a George Orwell novel.
Blues and oranges are opposites, yes, but they work nicely with each other in color palettes and are used in everything from [home decor](http://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/293144/list/opposites-attract-orange-and-blue) to [movie posters](http://www.slashfilm.com/orangeblue-contrast-in-movie-posters/).
Sansaveira and Dracaena Massangeana are two very low maintenance plants. Just don't put them in direct sunglight and you're fine.
The shelves are from [Ikea](http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/S69002469/).
The second photo is what my place used to look like, it's the same wall. Camera is the same, iPhone 6.
This sub latches onto the weirdest of things.
Get a bidet. Flushable wipes are a no no.
Thanks!
It needs to be at least 8 feet away from direct sunlight. Don't put it near a window. Try moving it in your home and then misting it daily with water. Dracaenas love warm, humid climates, but cannot tolerate direct sunlight. That's most likely why the leaves are yellowing from the tips. Water it once a week, but don't over water. The top layer should be wet to the touch, but not soaking. They don't need a lot of water.
But then is it finished?
What do gold medals mean if your team isn't winning the objective though? There may be another character that might be more useful in capturing the objective for the win.
The rug is too small. Your coffee table is too big and too close to the couch. Get a rug that your entire couch sits on and extends into the room. It will help set the boundary for your entertainment space.
Nothing bad to say about it, besides everything else to follow in my comment.
Rug is too small. Everything looks crammed in the corner. You could get away with keeping the couch i you added some accent pillows and throws. Everything is big and blocky, and rectangular. Try a round coffee table in the space and get rid of the 7 dollar Ikea Lack table.
Clicked on load more comments just to make sure someone said this. I've altogether stopped boosting dvas for the reason.
There is definitely such a thing as trash damage. Gold damage without gold eliminations just means you're feeding the enemies heal ults and giving them the upper hand when the team fight breaks out.
So we agree then, trash damage is damage that isn't capitalized on.
I lose to Widow more when she has help from a teammate and not because of a headshot during a jump (which is rare if at all in QP). An unexpected jump and good shield placement and she's done for.
I only come into these posts to see Bloodborne and Witcher 3. Then I go into the "overrated game" posts and CTRL F for the exact same games.
You're a GOD.
Cinder blocks.
Put a rug down. Rugs tie spaces together. They help define areas. They're comfortable to lounge on. They breakup the monotony of floor patterns make the areas you don't cover look even better. With those couches, you'll want to go with something simple and clean.
Coffee table is too small for the space. I have the same one with lighter legs. I'd look into getting something rectangular and not made of glass. Glass adds the illusion of space which you have a lot of in this room. Coffee table should be spaced 12 to 18 inches from the couch and chair.
I love that tick tick sound when you snipe someone. So satisfying.
And what do you want help with?
Yep. Hard to see from just this one photo.
Start a free book library outside of your apartment. Take a book, return a book, etc.
Don't mount the TV above the fireplace, for starters.
Plat Anas heal Pharahs? News to me.
Ana shouldn't be taking out Pharah by herself, by the time you've got your second shot off, that Pharah is likely focusing you and then it's over. There's no competition when you're out of scope and a Pharah is focusing you down.
After that first tick tick tick tick, any decent Pharah is focusing the Ana. The first two people I go after in any team fight is Soldier and then Ana. 2 shots versus 3. Ana's job is not solo killing Pharahs, she can definitely help a Soldier to finish her off though.
The idea of Sombra harassing a Pharah is laughable. If Pharah is anywhere close enough to a Sombra to be hacked, they're a terrible Pharah.
If an Ana gets a shot off on me, I'm focusing her first for the rest of the game.
Pharmercy is more common than Ana's who look up and remember there's a Pharah on the team.
Phrasing. That's not how that comment read.
Not sure what a Rein shield does against a Pharah above you. Or a Pharah who used concussive blast to separate the team or to quickly get behind the shield so she can focus hitscan. Pharah's mobility nullifies rein's shield.
Add me: memophilia#1734 and we can test out my bad strats.
I play in 4K elo just fine. The great thing about Pharah is she can be right above you and then somewhere else in less than a second. If you aren't using her mobility, you aren't playing her correctly. [Watch how close Valkia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc7nTHCWgxU) gets to his targets and how he uses positioning to disrupt the enemies formation. If you're trying to sleep dart a moving Pharah targeting you, you're doing everything wrong. And I say this as an Ana main.
Not sure what's up with your tone here. But add me (battle tag: memophilia) and we can do a custom game if you have five friends. http://masteroverwatch.com/profile/pc/us/memophilia-1734/season/3 And I linked you a highlight vid because I doubt you'd want to spend more than five minutes watching Valkia play. Here's his youtube channel, you can click on any video to backup what I said. https://www.youtube.com/user/valkia/videos
Okay man, there's no need for dodge excuses.
I agree. Ana + another character.
If you don't use the dining room table. Downsize. Get rid of it. Buy a couple of bar stools and put them at the edge of your kitchen counter. Then move your desk into the dining area. Getting my desk out of my bedroom was one of the best decisions I made.
Chaise looks like it will be too big for the space. But if you're set on it, get the version with the chaise against the wall.
So are you.
I scroll past posts I have no interest in.
One more time.
Going to second this.
The rug placement in this photo though.
It took me quite while to understand there was a mirror on the left side of the bed.
I think most people confuse minimalism and empty, especially in this sub.
Very nice bathrooms, but I think I prefer seeing spaces from your average joe.
Photos.
I'd advise spending 1K on a mid to high quality chairs. The eBay ones are typically PU leather or extremely cheap in craftsmanship. They don't have any longevity. Check out [Manhattan Home Design](http://www.manhattanhomedesign.com/eames-lounge-chair-and-ottoman.html) and [Modern Source](https://www.modern-source.com/products/eames-lounge-chair-ottoman?lssrc=popular&amp;lshst=collection).
The style isn't my cup of tea at all. But everything here works really well, it's got a cozy cabin vibe going on that looks extremely comfy and inviting. The couch, coffee table, and rug really fit your living room and I like how it all came together. Great job. Things I'd change: Upgrade your living room lamps, they have too much of a college-y, I got these off craigslist for $10 feel to them in an otherwise solid living space. Center the shelf the lamp is on behind the couch underneath the photo frame. Put your guitar in the middle of the two shelves. I would declutter the mantle a bit. Some of the times are butting up right to the bottom of the frame and if you had less items on the shelf and ones that weren't as high, it would look a lot cleaner. Your kitchen table is too big for the space. I'd get look at getting one very similar to that only lower to the ground where it will take up less visible space in the room. Bigger rug for bedroom. Not a huge fan of the flag above the bed, but that's just more of a personal preference.
Actually yeah. I like this idea.
Or a bunch of dudes secure in their sexuality who aren't frightened by the thought of seeing a penis.
Remember that hundreds of thousands of people have probably sat on the couch breaking it in over many years.
What are you trying to do, make it less fratty? If that's the case... Frame your posters. Remove anything beer related on the walls. Don't take photos with drunk girls passed out in them. Buy some plants. Purchase pillows for the futon. Purchase new sheets and comforters, white or gray for a clean look. Consider removing a couple of the flags (or all of them really). Take out the trash. Store your lighters and random crap away. Purchase small bins for the food stock and the gains gains gains on your wall shelf. Remove the stickers from the fridge. Remove the Velcro from the ceiling. Get that surfboard a wall mount and turn it into decor when not in use. Replace the $11 Target bins with a $50 storage bin/shelf from Ikea. And like store your drug paraphernalia awaaaaay. I dig the rug.
Put the TV on the back empty wall and then float the couch in the middle of the room facing it.
This made me laugh out loud.
Your curtains would look better if you positioned the rod 3 to 5 inches from the top of the ceiling.
Run an Ana, negates a lot of these things.
Press Tab. Or alternatively, when you see a Rein charging in, you know he's initiating attack, give it to him then.
Why? There are already so many Pharah counters in the game. Soldier. Roadhog. Widow. Bastion in Sentry. Soldier/Mercy. Zen/Soldier. Zen/Ana. Ana/Soldier.
This is borderline positive news for me. Claiming ally status for not overturning the progress of your predecessor is a rather low bar.
"Claiming ally status for not overturning the progress of your predecessor is a rather low bar."
I hear you. I'm on your side. But there is no such thing as a white voice or a black voice. And there's no 100% way to tell someone's race online unless they tell you or you see them. I'm contesting your blanket statement and not the racism you're facing. I typically get the reverse from you: "you don't sound black, you sound white." And that's 100% based on my background and where I grew up. Dialects, ebonics, slang, cultural accoutrements all effect how someone sounds. There's no real evidence of a characteristic physiological voice produced by people of different races. What differences there are, physiologically, are more than overwhelmed by age, health, and the deliberate use of the social voice. Tldr: There are tons of people who "sound white" but aren't white. So basing race off voice alone is not proof of who is perpetuating racism.
Glass table with dark walnut legs. Something that will lesson the cramped feel currently around the couch by allowing you to see through it. Everything in this photo is a rectangle, a nice round coffee table would create a welcome flow around the couch.
Bitch when someone calls you out for bitching.
Not really, it will get dirty the same amount any other surface gets dirty depending on use. The difference being glass shows more dirt and smudges due to being translucent and light reflecting off it. But in this case, that's what OP needs. Everything in this room is a dark, rectangular shade of brown, a lighter colored wood table would clash. A glass one preserves the look he's going, would help reflect light, would allow you to see the pattern in the rug below it (right now it's mostly covered by the couch/coffee table), and would remove the boxy cramped feeling the couch now has by creating a circular flow around it. The only downside is that yeah you have to keep up with it a little more. But for someone with a space/clean as nice as this is, it shouldn't be too hard. Please try and understand why a round glass table would be suggested instead of trying to combat the idea with "you have to clean it more".
I love when people do this lol. People commonly refer to barriers as shield, but everyone understood the original comment from context.
Anas PTR nerfs were ridiculous at first and gave her no sustainability. You died so quickly when grenade self heal was nerfed. I was always out of the fight looking for health packs. Most people wanted a grenade damage nerf.
If Pharah is getting hooked by Roadhog, she deserves it for poor positioning.
Just be a decent human being, honestly. Who cares whether people have their safe spaces or not. If it offends someone else and they tell you, like... just be a decent person and listen/stop doing it. It's not a totally out there concept. That goes for the OP as well who is doing the most in his replies here.
He's getting downvoted for terrible reasoning.
Don't play weekends. Don't play late nights.
Not too bad.
Well they were right.
Same. The amount of times I have to ask my team to clear Winston bubbles is ridiculous.
Damaging barriers does not increase the enemy's ult charge.
You placed higher than you ended though. That's pretty good.
I've seen both, but it's certainly more common with snipers who typically don't play the objective.
Looks good OP. Just touch up that ceiling paint and you're good.
The karma grab I've been missing out on.
Your tree upstairs is begging to be put in front of the window. It wants more light.
&gt; Only really good mercys can heal pharah very well, Pharah is the easiest character to heal as Mercy.
Because that's an extremely heavy nerd that would make Pharah unviable. The problem isn't Pharah, it's the combo of her and Mercy in the air together.
Pharah was buffed 8 months ago. She is only prevalent now because of the Ana/D.Va nerfs that ended the tank meta. And the Mercy regen buffs have been a help too.
Are we still talking about Ghostbusters? Holy hell, let it go...
&gt; That's silly, I can think of a very reasonable explanation: Women directors aren't interested in directing "major Hollywood films" Women don't really get a chance to direct movies, period. It has very little to do with them "not wanting" to direct blockbusters. I think this really speaks to your view on women more than anything. &gt; Should producers just pull them off the street and plunk them in the chair and stick a megaphone in their hand? Yes. That's **exactly** what they do for male directors. You were already sighted multiple examples of this. &gt; Do you have any evidence that shows women are being actively discriminated against? [Here's a stat study](http://annenberg.usc.edu/pages/~/media/MDSCI/MDSC%20LUNAFEST%20Report%2010515.ashx). Happy reading
We are all the human race argument.
Yes, we are all human, but we are not all equal. This argument is the first step in erasing the specific struggles some groups face.
Longer. I've had it enabled since I started the game in season two.
As someone who six stacks in QP, we do it to practice our strats. We play Pharmercy, Sombra/Dva, Winston/Genji, or anti dive Torb/Sym, triple tank. It's good practice and playing solo queue quick play is just not fun when you have no coordination and half the team is made up of snipers.
QP becomes fun if you have a four stack or higher, it ensures some semblance of your team working together.
No big deal coming back from spawn every 30 seconds.
Killfeed is *always* in your vision. If a sniper is not getting picks, they are not contributing to the team fight. The hanzo doesn't have to be in your line of sight to know that. Mercy gets quite a bit of hate by the community, especially when there's a Pharah involved. At any point in time there's a negative thread about Mercy or one asking for a nerf in this sub or the OU and COW subs.
Laughed out loud.
Flooring looks like laminate. Maybe a honey oak imitation.
I don't actually care either way. OP can title it whatever he wants, you're reading into it way too much.
And you're playing a Blizzard game and visiting a sub for it why?
Honestly, people come to the internet to complain. When things are going well the majority stays quiet.
I was hoping the Orisa shot it from across the map. Not so much luck and more the Mei was cautious of the Orisa coming to your aide. So Mei backs up but fires her finishing icicle into the newly placed barrier. If Mei didn't back up, she would have killed you.
Every time a character gets heavily nerfed, the people who invested time to learn that play style complain. D.Va, Genji, McCree, Ana, Roadhog, etc. It's the same thing outside of gaming. When Apple removes something from the iPhone, the masses complain because people just don't like adapting to change. We are creatures of habit. They'll get over it eventually (hopefully).
I don't know dude, if you stick your hand into someone swinging a knife back and forth rapidly, that's not going to end well for you.
"I better see this on the front page." Have we really gotten this meta with highlight plays now?
That had to be that players first 3v3 game. You simply don't fly into the MIDDLE OF THE AIR in a gsme mode that has a Hanzo and Widow every single game.
That close up you don't. It was likely on cooldown or she missed before he jumped on them.
Same here. There are some cool skins out there that I don't have. But the majority of the characters that I want them for, I have them for.
What are those constructive suggestions? Honestly asking because the only thing I've seen are complaints.
I have 15K saved up right now for the cosmetics I'll end up purchasing near the end of the event. I probably spent around 8K during Uprising, but I also didn't fully exhaust the amount of coins I had during that event. I will for sure grab the Sym/Lucio skins and a couple of dance emotes and call it a day. I want to make sure I'll have at least 3K bankedin case there's something amazing in the next event I won't get in lootboxes. I usually play once or twice a week, so I will admit that I played much, much more during this event than I usually do to bankroll coin and lootboxes. I would like the majority of the dance emotes, but that's simply not possible and I'm okay with that. I'm fairly happy with what I have so far.
So basically what you've said is Blizzard produced too much content people want this time around. I want the majority of the dance emotes, I'll buy the ones for my main heroes that I don't get and move on.
That already happens. I've jumped off the map to regroup with the team right before a Pharah booped and it gave her the kill.
Mei: "I hate everything. What the fuck was that" Reality: That was Reaper killing you, saving his Mercy, and you dying by not using any of your cooldowns. Not super difficult to comprehend.
Is the leaf squishy? This looks like overwatering. How often do you water it?
Semantics nitpick there, the context of what I've said should be easy to parse. But I'll clarify. I want all of the cosmetics that Blizzard makes available because who doesn't. I don't play Widow, so I didn't buy it even though it's a rad skin. I like the Genji skin from this event too and would love to have it, but I don't play him either so not going to spend the coin on it. At the end of this event, I will have everything I absolutely want.
At least they were original with the title, instead of the "Please don't be POTG" highlights posted every hour.
There were several posts about this already.
Dark bedding, dark wall. Replace the bedding with white sheets to contrast with the wall and to brighten the room. Erase all the stuff of the chalkboard wall and leave it blank, it will look cleaner and less high school.
Where? Off brand 60" TV's are that price, but I've never seen a 70" 4K TV for $500. Links please.
IF the other team has a Symmetra, you should be more careful of your positioning.
She's not broken.
Just play Pharah, Roadhog, Zarya, Winston, Mei, Junkrat, Widow, or McCree. She has a thousand heroes that she's weak against in the game. If you are getting melted by a Symmetra, either you or she is out of position.
Splash damage is different than damage dropoff.
