We also have skinny cow for ice cream treats!
I add egg whites and a scoop of chocolate protein powder, and top it with unsweetened shredded coconut and a few white chocolate chips
Me too! So many toppings!
In recipes, big T = tablespoon, little t = teaspoon :)
That's a great idea! I've been craving chocolate covered strawberries lately, and I hadn't thought of trying chocolate pudding. Thanks for the tip!
That's correct, but I often see them abbreviated the shorter way as well. I'm in Canada but I'm by no means saying it's a Canadian thing. I read all my recipes online anyway!
100-calorie bag of popcorn, cup of yogurt, or a 90-calorie fibre one lemon bar are my top three choices. If I have a little more room to work with, I'll have a Quest bar or peanut butter on toast. Occasionally I'll have a scoop of ice cream, but it's hard to stick to just one serving!
Congratulations! This is something I've wanted to do for so long!
Same here. I guess I have what they call "resting bitch face" (not a fan of that term though).
Hey, that's fantastic! Hope things go well for you.
Same here! No side effects, no babies! Can't say I have the same gas issue though...
Half (okay, maybe three quarters) of a large movie theatre popcorn
I have emetophobia as well. Hope you're doing okay.
Sounds good! Do they taste pumpkin-y?
Hi Dawn! I personally don't have experience with any of those books, but I've heard good things about Feeling Good so I'm thinking about purchasing it as well. You might want to check out the [Anxiety &amp; Phobia Workbook](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1626252157). I finished reading it recently and I found it to be quite helpful.
Great, thanks for the reply! I'll try making them soon!
Once every month or two. But my credit card gives me points toward free movies, so I usually don't have to pay for the ticket.
Never heard of this "danger triangle". I've popped pimples there before and I've been fine. I don't think you need to see a doctor. Just keep it clean. I have health anxiety as well, so I know it's hard, but try not to Google it anymore. It won't help you.
A nice cup of tea, a big blanket, and cuddles
Looks good! Good luck on your exam!
"It's accrual world"
I got to sleep in, the weather was nice, and I went on a nice date with my boyfriend.
I went to school in BC, and I believe it was mandatory from grades 4 to 8. After that you can choose to take a different language but I stuck with French until grade 11.
That's true. However in Vancouver, I think learning Chinese or another Asian language would be much more useful. I've only met a couple people who are fluent in French.
I like CoverGirl's Clump Crusher
If you click on their username there's an option to view their diary, unless it's set to private.
I love Daiso! But if I go there I'll come back with a lot more than just that bento box...
Looks good! I think I'll try making the adobo!
I feel the same way. I could handle blood no problem, but not vomit
That's not always the case though.
Have fun with stats!
Well in that case, congrats!
[This](http://imgur.com/n8Z63nl) is what my printing looks like.
Makes things a lot easier when I'm reviewing my notes!
HAGS
That's good to hear! Hope things go well for you. Do you have any plans lined up for further treatment?
Love your hair!
It takes a little longer, but I find it calming and satisfying! When I have to write quickly, it looks more like [this](http://imgur.com/1NH3lNn).
Thanks!
Your breakfast looks delicious! I've gotta try these tofu scrambles!
Have a nice bath and a cup of tea.
I prefer chamomile, peppermint, or valerian root teas because they're quite calming. Right now my favourite is [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea. My favourite candle scent is lavender. Throw in a bath bomb or some bubble bath and you're all set!
Try it out! I just got into it recently. I'm usually a coffee person, but I've been trying to cut down on caffeine to help with my anxiety. Herbal teas work quite nicely.
Tagalog
Herbal tea. I'm not a fancy tea connoisseur by any means, but I love trying new flavours!
If she's that sick, it might be in her best interests to rest rather than see you, unfortunately.
Same here. Feels good to finally be getting help though. Better late than never.
I'm sorry to hear that! Perhaps you can consider switching to a different SSRI? I've been on Lexapro for two months now, and I've had no such problems. No bad side effects at all, actually.
Too well. If I don't set an alarm, I can easily sleep for 12 hours straight. I feel like crap when I wake up.
A good cup of coffee.
It definitely could be anxiety. I've been through something similar, even went to the ER because of it, and it turned out to be anxiety. Keep in mind that since you're young, the chances of it being anything heart-related are very slim. It's still a good idea to get it checked out, though. It'll put your mind at ease.
I prefer the treadmill. We have one in our house, so I can turn on Netflix, and I don't have to worry about how I look.
Feels good to get the ball rolling, doesn't it? Good luck with everything my friend.
Cute! Your sweater looks super comfy!
Cute! The flower filter is super flattering!
Even better if you heat it up for a few seconds!
This is next on my list! Can't wait to watch it!
I've been kinda obsessed with them lately. They're so good roasted!
Great, thanks for the info! Looking forward to it.
Whatever works for you, my friend. Hope the medication goes well for you!
Yes, Lush! I love the bubble bars!
Not sure what you're into, but I'd get some bath goodies, a new book, and a new flavour of tea.
I love these! My favourite is the salsa ranch!
I've been on Lexapro for eight weeks now and it's been great! I've had no bad side effects whatsoever, and my anxiety has become much more manageable.
As others have said, there probably aren't any interactions. I'm taking Alesse and Lexapro, and neither my doctor nor my pharmacist mentioned any interactions. Besides, since birth control is so common, if your medication wasn't supposed to be taken with birth control, it would probably state that clearly.
Great choice! Enjoy!
With cinnamon and sugar if I'm craving something sweet!
Yeah, it's definitely different for each person but I've heard a lot of good things about Lexapro!
I've been on Lexapro for two months now and the dreams have been out of control! I never used to remember my dreams but now I have at least two per night. They're extremely vivid.
No worries, hope everything works out well for you.
My boyfriend and I watched the first season, but we couldn't get into the second season, so we stopped after a couple episodes. Is it worth watching? I do love Shonda's other shows
I wasn't able to keep up with many shows during school, so now I'm catching up on the latest seasons of Flash and Arrow. Also going to start watching Legends of Tomorrow, and considering Supergirl as well
Just finished season two of Daredevil the other day and I loved it! Make sure to check out Jessica Jones as well!
Yeah, I understand! I'll probably end up watching it at some point.
Good choice! Enjoy!
I started with Paxil as well, and the side effects were terrible! Switched over to Lexapro and had no problems whatsoever.
This is on my list! Can't wait to start watching it!
Hi, welcome! It's good to finally have an answer to what you've been feeling. Hope things go well for you.
Hmm, I haven't heard of this as a side effect! I've been taking escitalopram for a couple months now and haven't experienced this. Side effects tend to go away within a few weeks though, so maybe it'll be back to normal by next time. If not I'd suggest considering switching to another SSRI - there's lots of options out there and it's all about finding the one that works best for you! Hope everything goes well for you.
Which Fibre One bars do you like? I love the lemon bars. I've found Nature Valley's [Oatmeal Breakfast Squares](http://www.naturevalley.com/nv-products/blueberry-soft-baked-oatmeal-squares/) which are similar, but a bit higher in calories. Edit: Just noticed that they have a chocolate banana bread version (which we don't have in Canada). That sounds absolutely delicious.
I have to head over to Kernels and try this! Sounds amazing!
Ah yes, the jumbo bag! Got one full of caramel corn as a birthday present a few years ago.
I watch a lot of shows, and I play video games occasionally. I've recently gotten into meditation and yoga. I also love reading, so right now I'm reading a book about meditation. I also love going for evening walks.
Adult colouring books are great! Even for non-artsy people like me!
Hi there! I have health anxiety as well, so I understand how you're feeling. I've been to the ER multiple times, and I've had EKGs, blood work, and multiple ultrasounds done. Over the last few months, through counselling and medication, I've gotten my anxiety down to a manageable level. I know medication isn't for everyone, but it's helped me. And as others have said, don't Google your symptoms! It doesn't help. If you have any questions about my experience I'd be glad to answer them. Hope everything gets better for you, my friend.
Yoga and meditation are great! I've started them both recently and they make a big difference! I highly recommend them.
Have you tried cranberry extract pills? They're usually found near the vitamins.
Those cotton pads will fill ya right up!
I use just enough melted butter to make it stick. I also have a spray bottle for olive oil which I use sometimes, but it just doesn't seem to do the trick as well as butter does.
Hi there! I started taking escitalopram (a different SSRI) two months ago, and I've had no bad side effects whatsoever. Since everyone's different, you won't know until you try, but I highly recommend trying them. If they don't work out for you after a couple months, you can always consider switching to a different SSRI. It's all about finding one that works for you. I hope it goes well for you. Good luck!
When you go to the pharmacy, they'll ask you if you want the generic version or the brand name. I get the generic version, and it costs about $3 per month with insurance. Good luck with the Lexapro! I started taking it recently as well.
Hi there! I'm taking escitalopram, which is similar. It's been great so far. I've had no bad side effects whatsoever. If you've already been prescribed it, give it a try! Since everyone's different, you won't know until you try. If it doesn't work well for you after a couple of months, then you can ask your doctor about switching over to a different medication. It's all about finding what works best for you. Good luck, and I hope it goes well for you!
That's good to know, thanks for sharing! I've had some of their low calorie dishes before, which I enjoyed, so I'm glad to see there's more to choose from! I'll be checking it out soon.
Yeah, half orders are a great idea! For calorie-conscious folks or those who don't have a big appetite.
Same here. Even if I dedicate most of the day to binge watching, I can only get through a few episodes.
Sharing your experience is always helpful. There's nothing wrong with giving suggestions based on what's worked for you. Just phrase it in a way that makes it clear that you're speaking based on your own experience. Thanks for being so willing to help! It's nice to know that there are supportive people out there.
I saw this there and I was thinking about making it, but now I'm convinced! I have to try this!
Coffee
What toppings do you like to put on it?
Sounds rich and filling! I think I'll try it out!
Caffeine has a negative effect on me as well. I didn't realize how much it affected me until I cut down on caffeine (based on doctor's advice after I ended up in the ER after an anxiety attack). I'd definitely recommend cutting down on caffeine and seeing if it reduces the physical symptoms.
What helps me is thinking of all the possible scenarios. A counsellor suggested this to me and it works well. I write down the best case scenario, the worst case scenario, and the most likely. It helps put things into perspective.
Got help for my anxiety. For me, this meant seeing a counsellor and starting medication. I've also started learning more about meditation and mindfulness.
I find that when I'm studying, I'll mindlessly munch on whatever's in front of me, so it doesn't have to be anything fancy. Plain, air-popped popcorn is always a good choice because you can eat so much for so few calories. And of course raw vegetables are always a good choice! My favourites are cucumber and red pepper.
Good luck my friend!
Me too. Just discovered it a few months ago though.
If you're dealing with anxiety, you could check out /r/anxiety
Take a long bath (preferably with some goodies from Lush), drink some tea, then curl up in bed
I'd suggest a book or magazine, some candies, a little stuffed animal, and a small bottle of lotion with a calming scent (such as lavender). Maybe include some nice tea or bath goodies for her to de-stress once she arrives at her destination. It's so thoughtful of you, I'm sure she'll appreciate it!
Yeah, it might be a good idea to give her the opportunity to see what's in the bag beforehand (based on my extensive knowledge obtained through watching those border security shows lol).
Hi there. I'm sorry to hear that you're experiencing this. I was in your situation a couple of months ago. I had a pulsing headache which seemed to originate from my neck. It also hurt right behind my eye, and caused numbness in one side of my face. I saw multiple doctors who told me that it was just anxiety. I ended up going to the ER because I was so worried, and eventually saw a neurologist. After I had a CT scan and and MRI done, he told me that it was nothing neurological and that it was probably just migraines. A few weeks later, once I started to get my anxiety under control (which in my case included counseling and medication), the headaches disappeared and haven't returned since. I know it's hard, but try not to worry too much yet. It definitely could be nothing. I hope everything goes well for you.
Exactly. One pot is one serving for me anyway.
As others have said, it's nothing to worry about. Is it possible that your throat is just a little dry? Maybe due to allergies or a slight cold?
What do you like? Fiction? Non-fiction?
Way to go! You're gonna be swole in no time!
I prefer non-fiction, and I recently got into meditation, so right now I'm reading [The Mind Illuminated](http://www.amazon.com/Mind-Illuminated-Complete-Meditation-Integrating/dp/0990847705), which explains meditation in an easy-to-understand way. Not sure if it's your thing, but I'd recommend it to anyone who's interested in meditation and mindfulness.
Yeah for sure! I do have a Keurig and use it on occasion, but the coffee just doesn't taste good. Not worth the money.
I've been thinking about reading this, thanks for reminding me. Your comment has convinced me to start reading it!
Those muffins look delicious!
Hi there! I started Lexapro two months ago. Luckily, I didn't experience many side effects. I felt sleepy for the first week or two, but it went away. Remember that any side effects that you might experience should subside in a couple weeks. Lexapro has worked great for me so far. Hope everything goes well for you as well! If you have any questions I'd be happy to answer them.
Looks tasty! I love goat cheese, but I haven't incorporated it into breakfast yet, so thanks for the idea.
That's a great idea! I should do something similar. Any tips you'd like to share?
Hi there! I already commented on your post but just wanted to say welcome. Lexapro has been great for me, so I hope it works for you as well. Good luck!
[Schwarties](http://www.bestofbridge.com/hash-brown-potatoes-schwarties/) is a creamy, cheesy hashbrown casserole. So good!
Yeah, Suits is a good show! You can get all caught up in time for the new season starting next month.
I'm obsessed with Border Security! Too bad we don't have it on Netflix in Canada...
Hi there! I started taking Lexapro two months ago. I took 5 mg for the first week, then went up to 10 mg. It can take six to eight weeks to reach full effectiveness. I started noticing effects after four weeks. Hope it goes well for you.
We're here for you! I've been dealing with anxiety for the past few months as well. I wish you the best.
A nice cup of Valerian root tea. Chamomile and peppermint are good options as well.
I've had it for at least a few years, but I only realized it about four months ago. I had a lot of physical symptoms. After going to the ER several times and seeing multiple doctors, I was convinced that it was just anxiety. I've been on medication for two months now, and my anxiety is much more manageable. I also see a counsellor occasionally which has been helpful. On my own, I've been learning more about meditation and mindfulness.
No worries. My anxiety was mostly health-related. I had headaches and numbness in my face, arms, and legs. I also experienced pains in different parts of my body.
That the answer to anxiety is to just "stop worrying".
You too my friend!
Yeah, it's still a work in progress for me as well. Hopefully it'll get better with practice!
Good point. It's just not that simple!
I take medication to manage my anxiety, and I see a counsellor once in a while. I've also started learning about meditation and mindfulness. When I'm feeling particularly anxious or stressed, I usually go for a long walk, take a bath, and drink tea (valerian root, chamomile, and peppermint are calming options).
No thanks.
I love the way you laid out those vegetables.
What's the texture like?
Quite often.
I always drink [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea. It's a blend of valerian root, chamomile, and peppermint which I find quite calming.
Comfortable.
I take medication, and I see a counsellor occasionally. I find that yoga and walking are good ways to de-stress. I'm also learning about meditation and mindfulness.
Cutting down on caffeine can make a big difference! I've definitely noticed a reduction in my anxiety, especially the physical manifestations of it.
A good cup of coffee or tea.
Exactly. Everybody's different, so it's all about finding the medication that works for you. Fortunately I've experienced no side effects on the medication I'm taking right now, and it's helped me quite a bit.
Drink a cup of herbal tea. Valerian root is especially calming.
Hi there. I started taking escitalopram (another SSRI) two months ago. I have emetophobia (fear of vomiting), so I was hesitant to take the medication since nausea is a potential side effect. It took me a while, but eventually I worked up the courage because I knew the medication would help me. I started with half the dose for the first week, then went up to the full dose. I was lucky enough to experience no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first week or two. Now, two months later, my anxiety is much more manageable. I finally have it under control. The medication is working well for me and I'm so glad that I started taking it. Remember that even if you do experience some side effects, they should go away within a few weeks. If not, you can speak to your doctor about finding a different medication. Everyone's different, so it's all about finding the one that works best for you. You won't know until you try. I strongly encourage you to at least give it a try. If you have any questions about my experience I'd be glad to answer them. Hope it goes well for you my friend! I wish you the best.
As others have already said, don't listen to him. Don't waste your time trying to change his point of view either, it isn't worth it. Your mental health and wellness are nobody's business but your own (and perhaps your doctor and therapist, but you know what I mean). Do what's best for you. I wish you the best, my friend. Hope your therapy appointment goes well.
[Boom Chicka Pop](https://www.boomchickapop.com/our-products/) is fairly low-calorie. I can't buy the kettle corn anymore because I WILL eat the whole bag in one sitting (not a good idea, trust me). As others have said though, air-popping popcorn and adding your own seasonings is probably the best way to go.
As already suggested, you can skip the placebos. I like to keep a spare pack that I can take a pill from if needed. Whenever I lose a pill (which is more often than I'd like, I'm clumsy), I just take one from the spare pack and continue on as normal.
Your family doctor can probably write you a prescription. They might want to refer you to a psychiatrist though. I got my prescription from my family doctor, went straight to the pharmacy to get the prescription filled, and started the medication later that evening.
I worked there for five years. You'll get the hang of it quickly, I promise. If you have any questions I can try to answer them.
I try to get a good night's sleep beforehand, eat a nutritious breakfast, and try not to drink more than one cup of coffee (caffeine can exacerbate anxiety). I also study my ass off, so I go into the exam knowing that I know my stuff.
Trust me, you won't get fired. Everybody starts off the same way you do. The managers know this and they understand. You'd have to do some pretty terrible shit to get fired.
Good luck, and let us know how it goes tomorrow my friend!
It's probably best to ask the pharmacist. You can probably call the pharmacy if that's easier for you.
If it is, then I guess I'm extremely nerdy.
Tea is great! Herbal tea comes in all sorts of flavours.
I love this scent, it's so light and refreshing!
I do this a lot. A counsellor told me to think of all the possible scenarios. I write down the best case scenario, worst case scenario, and most likely. It hasn't completely solved the problem of course, but it helps put things into perspective.
I don't think he went into that too much. Just a part of anxiety, I guess.
My family buys these from time to time. We like to have Caesar salad occasionally, but a whole bottle of Caesar dressing would just go to waste in our fridge, so it's convenient that way. The Southwest flavour looks good though, maybe we'll try it next time!
Hi there. I'm sorry to hear that you're experiencing this. I was in a similar situation a couple of months ago. I convinced myself I had several different conditions. I went to multiple doctors, and even went to the ER three times because I was convinced that something was wrong with me. I was convinced that the doctors were dismissing my symptoms because I had anxiety, and that they could be missing something more serious. I had a CT scan and MRI of my brain, an EKG, and bloodwork done, as well as ultrasounds done on several parts of my body. They all turned out to be normal, so I've been able to convince myself that I'm okay. (The CT scan actually wasn't normal at first, which led to a couple months of severe anxiety, but that's a story for another time. It turned out to be okay in the end.) I'd suggest seeing your doctor just in case. It'll ease your mind. Medication is what's helped me keep my health anxiety under control. I know medication isn't for everyone, but if you think it's necessary, you can talk to your doctor about that as well. If this anxiety persists, I'd also suggest seeing a counselor or therapist. They gave me some good strategies to control these types of thoughts. I hope everything goes well for you, my friend. I wish you the best.
Hello Kitty. I love anything and everything Hello Kitty.
Hi there! It's great that you're taking steps to manage your anxiety. I started medication about two months ago. Just be honest with your doctor about how you're feeling. Keep an open mind and give the medication a try. Any side effects you may experience should subside a after a few weeks. It will also take a few weeks to start working, so you'll have to be patient. Everyone's different, so it's all about finding the medication that works best for you. If you try one and it doesn't work so well, you can always go back to your doctor and he can switch you to a different medication if needed. Good luck with your appointment! Let us know how it goes. I wish you the best.
I do like both of those things! I'll be sure to try it, thanks!
Yeah, most of the medications take from six to eight weeks to reach full effectiveness, but you might notice some effects before that. Definitely bring those concerns up with your doctor. You can always check again with the pharmacist just to be sure. They tend to know more about medication interactions.
Good for you! I have health anxiety as well, and I understand how hard it can be to stay calm.
I've gotten into all these recently as well. Agent Carter is next on my list to watch! If you're interested in reading comics, I'd suggest signing up for Marvel Unlimited. It's kinda like Netflix for comics. They have lists of the most important comics for certain characters and events, so it makes it easy to learn more about them! I'm currently making my way through the Daredevil comics.
I kinda love it!
I love these [Asian garlic green beans](http://www.thegardengrazer.com/2014/10/asian-garlic-green-beans.html)!
So cute! I need these!
Hi there! I started taking Lexapro two months ago. I had no bad side effects, besides feeling sleepy, but it went away after a week or two. It's worked well for me so far. I highly recommend giving medication a try!
Congratulations on taking the first step toward better health! It's a big accomplishment and you should be proud. I hope everything goes well for you, my friend.
I did the same thing. I haven't quit altogether, but I've cut down my caffeine intake by a significant amount. I have one coffee in the morning and decaf the rest of the day. I feel much better now that I'm used to having less caffeine.
That's great, I'm so glad! I definitely don't miss the mean customers, but mean people are always going to be a part of life, so it's good practice I suppose. I hope it continues to go well for you.
Cutting down on caffeine has helped a lot. I've definitely noticed a difference in my physical symptoms.
I completely understand. I could never cut out caffeine completely! I have one coffee in the morning, and the rest of the day I stick to decaf. Cutting down gradually seems like the best way to go.
A blonde roast coffee probably has much more caffeine! Just in case you didn't know already (or if anybody else reading didn't know), lighter roasts have more caffeine than darker roasts.
This isn't exactly an academic resource, but I love listening to the Grammar Girl podcasts. They're short and fun to listen to! I've definitely learned a few things over the years.
I have this as well. It's not exactly ringing, more of a whooshing sound like you described. I hear it in both ears whenever it's quiet. It started about three months ago, just as my anxiety was at its highest level. Not sure if it's related though. Both my family doctor and neurologist have assured me that it's nothing to worry about, but it's still annoying, that's for sure.
Her books are great too!
You too my friend!
That's great to hear! Hope everything goes well for you. I wish you the best.
Hmm, that's interesting. A counsellor suggested yogurt to me a while back. It's worth a shot I guess!
Either way, yogurt is a healthy snack!
That looks delicious! Did you use a store-bought sauce or make your own? I'd love to know the recipe.
When I was taking it, I didn't know which manufacturer it was from and it didn't matter to me at all. The pharmacy probably only has one generic version on hand, so I don't think you get much say in the matter. The generic paroxetine is the same so I don't think it makes a difference.
I'm glad to hear it. This really is a great sub! I'm thankful for it as well.
Greek yogurt with a couple spoonfuls of granola and frozen strawberries is my go-to light breakfast!
I've started taking medication for it and seeing a counsellor occasionally. I've also started learning more about meditation and mindfulness. Cutting down on caffeine has helped as well.
I started taking escitalopram two months ago. It's been working well for me so far. I've had no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for my first week or two. My anxiety is much more manageable now. I'm glad that I made the choice to start taking it.
Emetophobia (fear of vomit/vomiting). I wish I knew what caused it because I have no idea.
I've been looking for a low-calorie version of chicken pot pie! Thanks for sharing!
Hi there! I've been taking Lexapro (escitalopram) for two months now. It's used to treat anxiety and depression, but I take it mainly for anxiety. It's going well for me so far. My anxiety is much more manageable. I'm glad that I decided to start taking it.
Same here! I've cut down on caffeine but I could never give up my morning coffee. I love the ritual that goes along with it.
My anxiety manifests itself in several different ways. When I'm going through periods of severe anxiety, I tend to get headaches and numbness in various parts of my body. When I'm having an anxiety attack, I get that feeling in the pit of my stomach and my teeth chatter uncontrollably.
It definitely can be from anxiety. My sister and I have both experienced similar symptoms before, gotten multiple tests done, and it turned out to be just anxiety. Try to trust what the doctors have told you, and consider looking into professional help for your anxiety if you haven't done so already. I wish you the best, my friend. I hope everything goes well for you.
It's a tingling feeling, usually in my hands, but occasionally in my legs and feet. One time, I had numbness in my ears and part of my face that lasted for a few weeks straight.
