Flair removed. No longer a NiP fan. My 3.5k mmr pubs have more discipline than they have. I've been criticizing their Yolo style for a long time on this sub-reddit. I can not support a team that is unwilling to learn from their mistakes,
The exception that proves the rule!
As EE mentioned the other day, if Korea rises in Dota we are all lost!
Cheer up! We're not being deadly serious here. For the record I have a degree in Mechanical engineering.
The only way they could win yesterday was by NiP giving the win to the.
Yeah, it really should just be west and east in regions (NA in the same as the US). As I mentioned to another poster though, ping is the bottle neck.
They picked Jugg earlier in the qualifers and won so it's not that he's suddenly a bad pick. His biggest issue is his mana problems.
DotaPit 3 has one of the top 10 highest prize pools in a Dota tournament ever. It's baffling that it has gone to such absolute arse with this in mind and all the raves it was drawing for its organization earlier this season.
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN???
Play more WD and ES. Good aggressive supports are rare in low level pubs.
There's no questioning Qojva's skill but he seemed VERY off at time in the Ti qualifiers. Given Black's Gosugamers interview on some communication issues in the team it feels fairly obvious that his uncoordinated plays were the cause for some grief.
You are missing the point. It was the boring meta I was lamenting not Chinese Dota. To not offend anyone sensitive I'll remove the "chinese" word.
The Roman Empire is a better comparison, bringing stability and rulership but often through costly tribute and submission.
Love the work you put in, but what is a "Point of Interest"? Is this an addition by yourself or something that's actually in the game?
We are not talking about the same thing. Triss explaining everything to Geralt about his past in W1 would include tons of stuff that does not contribute anything to the plot and story of that game. It would only serve to confuse a player that hasn't read the books. I believe we have to accept that this is a game design decision rather than something that is supposed to reflect on her character in the game.
I dunno. Whenever I see Jennifer Connelly on screen I think "ass to ass".
You keep missing the point, the entire amnesia part in W1 is a designer vehicle for giving players of W1 a fresh start regardless of whether they have read the books or not. It is not a reflection on any of the characters in the game.
Techies now also confirmed to be a pro-Dota cancer as well as pub cancer. Versus a 4-melee line up versus only a support ranged Lina it was a great pick though. Secret's drafting is just levels above the rest of the competition.
Saw one when I was hunting the forktail with Eskel as well.
I have to say this sounds... odd. Sweden is hardly known for stringent or bureaucratic visa requirements.
He's actually a friend of Loda so I don't think that's happening. Also did you see him as a panel member for DreamLeague? Not the dramatic type.
What you experience in the dialogue in W3 is that the characters talk to each other like they have an actual history and they are friends. Even if the observer (ie the player) might not know the circumstances of a particular situation the in-game characters doesn't go off on some monologue where they address the air for a couple of minutes giving bundles of detail that everyone in the scene would already know. When a game does those things to me, I feel as if though it is treating me like I'm lazy, stupid or both (looking at you DA:I).
All the people complaining about the curved nature of the Griffin armor needs to check out historical armor from Europe rather than the stylistic ones you'll see in Hollywood movies. My best recommendation is the Metropolitan museum in NYC that has an amazing collection of medieval armor.
Even though I'm an Alliance fan I think this was mostly on Sumail doing some very questionable plays. [A] was extremely fast on punishing him when he was out of position.
Wish granted.
And accurate.
NiP throw incoming. When they get a slightly bad start they panic and try to just fight from behind to catch up, which means they just end up feeding and losing faster. As I've said countless times on this subreddit, they completely lack discipline and resemble a pub stack in these situations. You can see it clear, NiP are just running right at a LC now that's 10k+ ahead. LC doesn't even need to initiate. They are completely unable to grasp any other tactic than teamfighting or ganking.
Anyone got stats for Earthshakers being played in a core role? I feel that every time it appears it's extremely underwhelming compared to a true offlaner.
Infinite loop. Lucky I'm not OCD.
How does that saying go? He/she has a good set on her shoulders?
[A] picking Io+Tiny first and showing that they yet have not absorbed the meta. And just like the last time they ran it they go all utility outside Loda and Pajkatt. The result is NiP getting Leshrac and QoP AGAIN. [A] being draft hipsters while NiPs draft is as usual far easier to execute. **But** then another classic NiP mechanic strikes. Always trying to take every fight and throwing bodies in even when they've taken causalities.
Lol? They placed #2 in a LAN where they just beat out VP and EG.
Void is actually very fine and balanced right now. A situational pick but still viable in the right situations. The time where you pick him to get 4-man chronos however is past. These days he's better utilized to spend his ulti as soon as it is up just getting single pick-offs.
Secret is the obvious favorite. After that however it gets very murky fast. The Dota scene just now is just so incredibly competitive currently! We saw this weekend Alliance and Fnatic beating EG, LC and NiP ousting VP. Does this mean VP and EG all of a sudden are tier 3 teams? No, there's just so very little margin for error in today's tournaments.
&gt;Techies. 54 matches, 63% win rate Techies players have no friends.
Ah, an indoctrinated victim of the patriarchy.
I don't get it?
Byline: We are never ever getting back together.
So what if he touched some children, he's still Michael Jackson!
Exactly... hence the confusion.
Literally Stannis Baratheon.
How did WR escape?
They are a new team every month!
While I applaud CDPR for bringing us such a great game with a well-deserved high score a part of me is sad. Metacritic scores sadly are a metric for bonuses at many game developers. This has led to massive inflation for game scores in general. Old coot coming out now, but I remember a time back when GameSpot was good and their 75% score indicated a game that was close to great. These days a 75% score is a massive flop. Anything below 90% is basically a disappointment.
Yes, because I disagree with the score. I think W3 is one of the top 5 RPGs I've ever played (I've been around since the C64) but it is not 6% removed from being the perfect game. I can't think of any game that is.
I'm still waiting for someone to make sense of an AC ending.
Are you not trusting me when I say that's my opinion? Anyhow, you're missing the point, it could be any game in the 90% range of which there are tons, it's the game score inflation and the inability to really discern between game that's the issue. Since just about all AAA titles land around that score range.
I greatly enjoyed this... but please never say YOLO again Soe! Also, Cap's nipples. Btw, when will we get more claymodel vids?
A save game editor for this game is badly needed. Nexusmods, make it so!
Alliance being drafting hipsters again. It's like they willfully draft heroes shit in this meta to prove some kind of point (and failing at it).
All top teams abuse the meta, it's the smart thing to do if you want to win. The scene is so competitive today that the slightest edge sets you ahead.
Daedalus on Gyro instead of satanic. NiP throw incoming. It's like they have a mental aversion for closing out games they are leading. The kings of bad late game decisions - they are more interested in not losing than in winning.
Changing players is a long way from disbanding. At MLG they also defeated, Mouz, Fnatic, VP and Alliance who had earlier eliminated EG - so again, twitch chat level reasoning. EDIT: Lol I see you now only have 5 reddit posts, all saying NiP should disband and negative karma. I kinda regret even opening this discussion you're obviously just an angry hater.
But they didn't disband, which is what I was making a point against.
And I was specifically protesting about the disband part. As stated.
As Edgar Allan Poe noted, the best way to hide is in plain sight.
#productionvalue
Dota 2 now banned in Australia. They have shit servers anyhow.
Finally I code my hero to get a hissy fit if I click him 10x times! Oh Tides of Darkness... how I still remember you!
The exodus to HoTS is nigh. Dota Reborn won't be able to stem the tide.
Let's see, assuming 20 armor an extra 102 points of pure dmg is something like 180 regular dmg no? It's not MASSIVE for the late game, Tiny/Medusa and their ilk can reach those figures as well through items.
IT's funny, if I could skip the first half of Velen (up around til after the tower of mice) I would probably start a new game. Now I'm not so sure. I want to try Pillars of Eternity, it's supposed to be very old school. I guess I should finish DA:I first though. It feels like a chore though, got bored with the grind around the desert.
I'm sure they didn't qualify for any other reason. Kids seem to think that the only possible position a team is in is either Tier 1 or complete trash while in reality the EU+CIS scene is incredibly competitive and the top 15 teams in the region all being able to take games from each other.
You need to work on your reading comprehension. You also need a hug to deal with all the anger in your life.
7.1Gb Time to draw a pentagram of goat's blood on the floor and offer up my souls to the dark gods of bandwidth.
One of the biggest LAN's in the world, played in Germany. Not a single German player (kky doesn't count). Feels like there's a lot of room for growth here if the game would take a bigger hold in the country.
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/daffy_fapping.gif
Got me there. I always thought he was Swiss for some reason.
I don't know what Loda is doing any more. It's like he's playing another game while the rest of the team are all pulling another direction. If he had only shown up for that fight on the bottom Radiant Tier 1 tower they would likely have wiped EG and finished the game early. His jump into the Rosh pit was also pub level play.
"That's no lassies. Lassies got titties"
Draft and Loda's inability to carry the last year are the source of their issues. Akke, Bulldog, Pajkatt could still fit on any world class team. Mad actually plays good as a #4 but if his drafts can't get better he has no place in the team.
A plea for nuanced and reasonable discourse on Reddit? Good one!
CM's "balloons" aren't appropriately big.
AKA dirty console peasants.
Gift me Arcanas before you Del plz.
I don't agree that is the case at all, and I don't think it's any point going into the details of it since you immediately assume you've been a fan longer than I. That tells me it'd be the typical expect internet "discussion" not going anywhere.
He's mostly goofing.
Why Scythe though? Just for the control?
The management "Jacob" he speaks of, is that Maelk?
Nah, it's just Bulldog's online persona. The man is an entertainer and businessman.
You listen to him.
We can tell you love him but let's stick to reality a bit. His total earnings come out to 200k http://www.esportsearnings.com/games/231-dota-2 Isn't it embarrassing just throwing out blatant falsehoods like that which can be easily debunked?
I suspect all of Fnatic has signed.
The very concept that earnings are a definite measurement of a players skill/success is such a flawed notion to begin with that I can't take it seriously. Ti4 Newbee are the highest esports earners of all time so I guess they must be the best esport players of all time amirite :)
I'll give you a pass since by your own admission you struggle with English. So I'll explain that winnings and earnings are two different things.
If you only move in lanes, then Techies holds little power to you. The thing is that Techies should be counter-picked like other heroes relying on a narrow set of factors. Death push really cripples Techies, especially if he has a slow start with a late lvl6. Without map control Techies is the most harmless hero in the game.
I know some Wallons who would claim that to be an exaggeration. You love each other right?
I guess someone at NiP are celebrating this good news, with the unfortunate leave of Limmp recently.
Their fans are pretty used to it.
I bet they'll send a card to s4 and peeps.
And here I thought RTZ was the Kanye of Dota, but it was ppd all along!
Did you read the link? This was on his 5.3K smurf where he was being experimental.
Everyone pretty much agrees that the romances in W3 was one of the most lacking parts, for both Yen and Triss and how they interact they feel tacked on.
Ah, my mistake, I got the butt ugly Nightstalker immortal yesterday that I considered cashing in that I probably got it confused with.
Time to bet all the Maseratis on NAR and read a guide on how to DDOS. I can learn on 4chan right?
His squishiness makes him a liability in low to mid brackets however as he requires very careful positioning.
If Sing Sing can do it, then so can I. Right?
Dota hats rotate more €€€ than Greek economy.
http://www.twitch.tv/handsken/b/672397863 Can't recall the exact moment. He said it in Swedish when talking to Friberg/Xizst from NiP CS who he was stacking with.
Chaos Knight is the strongest of the fundamentals. AA is entropy incarnate. Weaver creates worlds/realities (there's no definite support in the lore that he created the universe though, seems like a misconception)
Batrider would like a few words.
[Nice la](https://i.warosu.org/data/tg/img/0210/25/1349633011941.png)
That's the joke
I know Llama will be casting a bunch on her channel. https://twitter.com/LlamaDownUnder/status/682972266552897536
Scientist here, I need more research material.
It's however greedy and provides little to the rest of the team. Maybe pubs make it work since there's little team play but I doubt pro supports will be using it.
Most notable opinion is probably the LGD pick over Liquid. Losing that Frankfurt early qualifier series to Alliance was just so disastrous for their invite status.
London Conspiracy won a close game versus PR in R64 which was definitely a Game for the R32 or even R16. Overall they've really cleaned up among tier 3 teams in Europe since transitioning from HoN back in October.
E Wolves and EnemyGG meeting already in the R32 is a shame. They are both among the top 4 for the entire American qualifier.
Given how strong LC have been lately that looks unlikely though.
Sad to see London Conspiracy being eliminated by STARK. They were super unlucky with their brackets having to also meet PowerRangers early. I have no doubt they'll be a force to be reckoned with in the next qualifier.
Bulldog is doing a very informative stream of the Steak vs Kaipi game currently. Breaking down plays very thoroughly.
STEAK = COOKED
Will be fun to see how ppd tolerates Thorin/Lewis.
4CL would undoubtedly have received an invite to the regional qualifiers had they locked their roster with a random support (after EGM left) so this result isn't all that surprising. They deserved their first place.
Aggressive tri-lane with a Puck? Someone explain that to me.
That's starting in the wrong end, a better way would be to have international qualifiers regardless of region.
This game reminded me why I'm not missing Tinker.
A pretty good 5th pick if the enemy doesn't have mana burn and lots of melee.
Harpy Stormcrafter just seems so rare to spawn though.
CK 15% winrate despite tons of buffs. I suspect he's going to be the cancer of 6.88 when he's buffed to the point that Phantasm just spawns 3 copies of him. Also, Terroblade winning games again! Haven't seen that since the illusion meta (6.82).
The stacking magic resistance on creeps probably helps. Also, like with many micro heroes it requires a special kind of player.
Better in terms of teams being higher ranked.
There's a special place in Low Prio Q resereved for Leafeator to the ends of time.
Somewhere in Sweden Akke is cackling madly with laughter.
It's official, Mamas boys are not 4CL. If Alliance doesn't do well at the major they are the Western European equivalent of Na'vi - destroying teams on the rise.
It was painful to watch. IT appeared as if they had some mental block that prevented them from going on the same target during fights.
Flair relevant.
Give LC some credit. They have looked very promising all season. There's a good reason The LC organization picked them up so fast after only two months as Princess Jellopy.
Fun for the whole family.
&gt; New account &gt; Instant negative karma &gt; Cancerous whiner Must be Ritsu
CoL really dropped the ball here, it looks like they got complacent. I still have them favored to win group B though, The first game was a stomp.
I think I was 16 when I stopped thinking accents was something to make fun of or be bothered by.
Elements had to play 4vs6 for game 1 post 20 min when suddenly Bat joined Dire on every initiation.
They're not doing this for free. They are marketing their brand.
Source? Not saying you're wrong but I've never seen any rule like this posted.
I feel bad for PoF. They just looked so impotent for both games versus CoL. The ending fight for game 1 was some seriously delicious Dota but CoL was under no pressure.
Good luck with that.
Sumail should play in the SEA qualifiers amirite?
The NA qualifiers winners performed better than the Europe qualifiers winners? That's an arbitrary comparison if I ever saw one.
Bad overrated pros with a Ti win and the latest premium LAN? If my pubs watched some pro streams I wouldn't have to tell them simple shit like buying arcane orb from side shop.
That support Sven was one of those things you never see coming. It makes sense though, max stun and armor provides a lot.
Should have just read comment history. Not even good trolling. You'll be deleted soon so bye.
I hardly play any more, not because of the community but because of time limitations. Still following all the major tournaments though, it's become a hobby.
All you people tearing up over Llama, how do you get by in your day to day interactions with society? Do you get anxiety attacks if there's a female cashier at the supermarket? If you're paired with a woman in some work/school project do you get a case of tourettes and let the rest of the world know your inner thoughts? I think third wave feminism has little to offer western society but they clique-ish gang up on Llama is just petty outbursts by small men.
I am aware, Blizzard had no inolvement however.
Is he on the actual panel or doing background work? The presentation says Commentator.
One day? You obviously didn't follow DL this year so why are you arguing something you have no info on?
It's a good hero for ratting. Figure out the rest.
You're looking at the teams and you're thinking, holy shit this is almost a line up worthy of a Major... And then you see Na'vi.
SL going out of its way to spite PPD
So the first match is between the arguably two most disliked teams in NA Dota currently. CoL for having 3 European players and Shazam for the Dynamic Duo of Mason and (mostly) Ritsu.
Nah, it's in 20 min.
I was equally surprised about the Manta. Unless you already have a ton of stats the illusions do nothing because they don't have any worthwhile passive like Viper or AM. Sure it's been in pubs forever but I vividly remember a good breakdown some months back on this subreddit how it provides very little.
Other than Team Spirit this qualifier had no real surprises on what teams would qualify. I'm really hoping DC sticks to their line up and work on their plays. To me it's not about their players but their drafts and item builds.
Only if Lich buys it.
Because you can't snap out of it.
AC AM? That must be some 8k MMR build my 9k Reddit rank can't fathom.
You win a grammy because you make great music. You win a Major because you play better Dota than everyone else.
We treat star athletes better because they're better people.
A girl with that user name? Translates literally to "bearded beef" and is a Swedish slang for... yeah you guessed it. OP tried.
Are you going to offer to sell me a bridge as well.
IT's likely not Na'vi themselves but the ton of hangarounds they have.
It's more than anything a sign of disrespect.
Competitively.
IF you can make your team mates understand how to fight around Natural Order it's a free win in pubs. Very destructive versus melee cores.
Have you looked at a map of Europe recently?
Alliance were supposed to have taken LH 1486 from FRA to MSQ at 10:15. Pimpmuckl also stuck in FRA has been rebooked on the 17:05 flight but it appears to be full and unable to accommodate Alliance. There are no more direct flights today and the only flight to MSQ via connections are by way of Moscow which would put them in Minsk at earliest 10:25 tomorrow. Looks like Alliance won't make tomorrows 2 early games and possibly not the DotaPit game today. EDIT: The team will go to Vienna tonight, spend the night there and take an early flight out to Minsk tomorrow. V1lat is saying SL is working on Alliance schedule and trying their best to move their games. ~~According to VPs manager they also appear to be stuck in St. Petersburg.~~ ~~https://twitter.com/vp_drAmer/status/686816905781448705~~
I guess it's lucky for ESL that they announced early and have already sold out.
Likely the team's last chance to make it to Minsk today: https://twitter.com/ErikBarge/status/686859513438277632 https://twitter.com/LodaBerg/status/686873326506119168 Unfortunately the probability of 5 people getting on a plane (not even counting their manager and Bulldog's fluffer) through waitlist after a previous cancellation is extremely low.
It's SL's tournament they can invite and disbar teams any way they want.
Completely unrelated to what I asked for.
That's a very mean thing to say about 4chan.
Check his post history. He's the biggest hater on this subreddit.
I don't see Dazzle or Oracle anywhere.
To what end?
5v5 mid Dota... what a time to be alive.
Ditya Ra hiding in the fog, but sending in his Alpha Wolf and telegraphing his position, dying as a result. I couldn't believe what I was watching when I saw that. I'm surprised they aren't' rushing a diffusal blade.
How is the "change" calculated Oracle/Earthspirit has 80/90 despite not being in Frankfurt. Also, the ratings while an interesting idea could use some work. For example Rubick has 0.55 in late game while he's definitely one of the best late game supports with his highest win % being in 50+ minute games.
Trying to go for team fights when the enemy had Enigma, Dazzle and Omni? As long as they roamed Io and SB they were doing fine, trying to fight into them as a team was a bad idea. Draft could have worked but the game plan was odd.
New hero picked by LGD- Errorblade something EDIT: Who is doing amazingly well.
There are only 5 players this entire season that has played the hero more than 5 times and only Goblak has played the hero more than 10 times. So in order to have a significant sample size you have to include older games. IF you want to make a more convincing case, present the stats rather than just making claims.
No, that might mean he's a better player, it doesn't mean he's a better Chen.
Dude, Chen is one of Alliance's most played and highest winrate heroes. This theorizing about him stealing farm is completely ignoring that. By the time Sven/Doom was picked Chen had already been taken by the other team (2nd) so your guesses aren't' even making sense.
&gt;football isnt as strategic by a fucking mile The world most played sport, with the largest economy, that employs hundreds of thousands of people. And you think Dota is more "strategic". If you truly believe this I can't offer you any further help. You do not understand the world.
Lots of "upsets" have occurred. I use the "" because with a bo1 format the volatility is so high that I don't know if you can classify a single win as an upset.
Looking at the number of recent Liquid flairs we shouldn't be surprised.
Anyone that loves Dota and have a basic understanding of setting up a tournament to garner a fair winner knows the game thrives on a bo3 format (Nahaz made this argument as well in his latest vid). I get the feeling SL invited a ton of team andonly then started thinking about how they were supposed to fit them all in a schedule.
I don't think anyone has argued that the accommodations at SL are bad. What people are saying (it's in the main thread as well) is that WCA had a better format, that gave a better sense of who is a fair winner.
[A] banned away RoTK, everyone seem to be missing that.
You're the worst kind of fan.
How stupid are you?
You don't get jet lag for a 3h flight.
Let's have a LAN. Let's do Bo1 group stage.
This is Alpine stalker level right here
Are we talking about Akke or Ineska? KappaPride
DED GAEM
Nice account SirBelvedre.
&gt; So bored I am actually enjoying Twitch chat. Send halp. If this occurs I unfortunately fear you are beyond help.
Oh it wasn't bad, it was horrible. -5v5 -Cramped area (Rosh) -Dire side opponent -Smoked opponent -Enemy Gyro+Dazzle. Execution is barely a factor during those circumstances because there's no room for it. Had they gotten a single pick off on the enemy first doing Roshwould have been a perfectly understandable course of action. Now it was just a super-high risk, medium reward play.
