dude.. wtf are u saying
so, a lot of plp sent gifts and stuff to win a "free" skin yet they didnt. keep thinking this isnt riot plan all along
he should have said "was garbage compared to the other TT Games"
keith pro career is so weird lol
if a random girl sexted me for no reason at all i would be so happy.
not sure if i have seen this in a movie, or i will soon..
suit up ted
tl;dr, why is tasting dog urine nsfw?
if u guys wanna know where the "inspiration" for this tat came from, probably a manga called prison school
a computer repair specialist for six years
i guess they arent really close.
i saw them at some manga popular sites a long time ago i think, google may help u more.
that´s what bothers me, werlib wasnt a bad top laner imo, giants weak link was adryh but w/e, lets see what happens on this new season
Hm... should i understand that plp peeking into others phones is something normal in usa? hm...
i dont understand the whole de ranking crap on cs go, honestly i dont see that in any other game. but, thats karma for u, enjoy.
i do believe the name of the arc is dumb, most plp use SA, since it wont spoil anything.
maybe, iwould like that but, the next arc is imo more epic so... a movie of that one would be better?
it was taken down? so no more multi-soloq?
so are u saying that lesbians are virgins forever? lol.. edit: i guess my comment its aimed more to mhaaad but im a reddit noob :v
dom prevented dat 5th dragon tho dude, dont be that guy
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
link to the vod? :D if there is any
no
I Would answer but dem reddit downvotes :&lt;
this guy knows
i swear if renegades loses to this..
why would u say that on the mic, this is advanced stupidity
she did otsu in gintama too
there are characters that stopped being used, like otsu and that purple prince (hata?) because those werent funny enough
watch the azumi movies, u will learn what happens to most students :D
we should get mods on this subreddit
this isnt a fair game to judge ren, but i think rf and crumbz needs to update their champion pool.
ayyyy
so? u have those.. hmm how do ppl call those volumen adjusting buttons? hmmm
perfection?
fear? terror? go watch penny dreadful :3, thats an amazing show
enough to not whine about such stupid reasons.
awesome
go for legends.
why the swearing dude? calm down
why would they keep the 20$? couldnt they at least give u back idk.. 3.50?
its funny when everyone stays there like "huh, what do we do now?"
gotta leave.
proven point?
fun fact, adding the 3 or 1 points system will help avoid those situations, pretty cool.
probably lol.
meh, its ok, do all that stupid stuff while u are a teen, thats the only way to learn.
pardon my ignorance, is there a huge diference between c++ and c#?
amumu?
bns pvp is wrong imo, it should be equalized on 6vs6 and 3vs3, non equalized on 1vs1. this way feels more rewarding. also, destroyer bots would have never been an issue
i super suck, what i do is work around X cooldown, at 4 stacks 2-f-lmb, usually by the end of the 10 secs of stage 4 searing palm i can start again. with FS i like to proc 4 stages of searing palm then activate fs and spam comet+lmb for 10 secs. now that we are here, sometimes the insta comet cd doesnt aply and i dont know why.
... yeah, we wouldnt like to have things like MYM, or things like the whole renegades/badawi, or something like chinesse teams dramafests, shall i continue?
so u dont want the scene to evolve? no one gives a fuck about a no nameish team, im extremely ok with these teams take over the scene as long as the big names of esports are still involved (fnc, tsm,navi,clg,g2,c9,liquid,dig,og,eg,...) pd: yeah, i want a navi serious league team.
league is dying since they released annie, and every new game is "the one that will kill league"
its should be giants or g2, spanish based orgs
well.. how many ultimate skins are out there? not like there are a ton. the ones they have should be the bests
we cant kill all the mosquitoes, we need to build a wall
are u saying that element owners didnt get any money and were forced to sell?
ofc, i know that :P, i just posted 2 different situations.
they cant do that..
Cool :3
liquid staff doesnt seem bad either.
and then rito went broke /s
i liked the anime, could been better, maybe ill pick up the games.
i remember that guy on the ... justin bieber roast? had someone joke something like " the only person who inhaled more smoke than snoop dog is Xguy dad at 9/11" it was super fuckd up but also so funny :(
the good ones?
i dont really follow cs go competitive scene so, u lost me there.
omg this!
now that u bring shameless up, mandy... or that asiatic girl lip meets at college
im trying my best to no laugh hard right now, im at work :(
so, im just lazy? thx m8.
no :&gt;
i want it to get movies. mass effect is the star wars of this generation, and imo, it could be better overrall... ill let myself out b4 angry nostalgic ppl bury me in downvotes
i will always hate bioware for misshandling this franchise so bad. after the awesome origins.. they decided to fuck it over, took away anything that made that one great and released 2 and 3 as almost hack and slash games, also the history... why couldnt they do what they did with mass effect?
have an upvote for playing this underrated gem
i had to scroll too much for this
wow, whats the problem with u
the lack of a gintama reference here puts me so close to crying :(
almost everyone lol.
that suicide mission, many ppl cheat the game by reloading after a companion dies somehow, carrying on with ur initial choices is the best.
go play life is strange then
i complaing about things like that sometimes, but there are a lot of things to do now... playing like 3-4 hours a day u cant even do all the thing avaliables. so, cant do ssp? do something else, thats what im doing. edit: that was b4 nebula event, now i can do ssp just normally, but i rather do things that feel more rewarding for my time like 4 man soguns and stuff
i tried to watch the tourneys on youtube, its not enjoyable... not like watching league or even cs go
just leave already :/ stop embarrassing yourself
we are gonna do it reddit?
a fucking idiot?
never, never ever, be an asshole to IT, some ppl understimate the things they can do to get back at you.
this didnt get golded? :(
lol
thats from a sit com..
Wait till chi master event that will probably be helpful
some reference to that will be on the movie, mark my words.
its funny how thats still a meme, he proved his point so far, since he said that the team (ren-&gt;envy) has been performing well enough.
aww man :(
read the name of that user
be like pastor maldonado, claim support to a fucking communist bunch of idiots that are in power, get their money so u can be placed in a team because moneyz, crash every 2 races and finish one in the whole year, the dream right there.
its like, pitcher throws, 5 secs of action, and ads, rinse and repeat.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPOILERS
i dont really like newish kpop tho, i "grow up" playing the korean version of the DDR, Pump It Up, and the music was awesome :3
there were games that lasted less than 30 mins.
let me quote something for you. promote: 2. To contribute to the progress or growth of. or 4 To attempt to sell or popularize by advertising or publicity. here, have a source http://www.thefreedictionary.com/promoting
i didnt get it :&lt;
i didnt get it :&lt;
U do understand that teams can still have imports right? just not 5 imports after 2 years..
i cover my mouth because teeth :&lt; it sucks
thats the whole point.
team liquid absent from this remembers me of the times when piglet arrived to na
why is that i come to this sub reddit like once every 2 or 3 months and i keep watching ppl mentioning league like this? i mean, get over it already... not a single fucking person talks about dota 2 in their reddit, why is the obsession with them still a thing?
they broke up after this. war is hell tho.
i dont follow dota 2 pro scene at all, i have seen previous TI finals but thats it, i ask because i kinda like the liquid franchise so...
no they dont, i enter league sub reddit daily and i haven seen a mention of dota 2 in months... and the fact that my post got downvoted proves how the inferiority complex that many of the dota2 players have has not improved yet. keep trying to bash league all u want, whatever makes u feel better.
last question, is this team liquid based on europe? i though liquid was an american franchise.
so im not the only one..
ic, thx.
nope, their halo team is from na, their league team too, that i know of.
fuck tnt man, and they ask why is ppl not using their tv anymore...
dying light is amazing
when you are poor as fuck, it doesnt even matter...
yeah but, im talking about new things.
phaymacy shopping can be stressful, i completely blacked out the first time i bought condoms, srsly, cant remember that and it must have been a super hard thing to do lol.
u got my attention at megaman legends 3: anything
he´s just the dude
why not? for some ppl the fact that their newly couple is accepted by their family is a big thing, there will be plenty of time to get pounded.
no, dont tell preformerr, just tell it to jasonml.
u know when ppl say "girls only like XX" kind of guy, and those XX are always an insult, then they go "thats not true, blablabla"? well... this.
her new best friend at least
this guy gets it.
omfg
wtf with $4000 u can spend a year... more than a year in my country living like a rich person, reminds me of that south park episode when kenny goes to rumania... say days:(
and that happened with w7? never tried it i think.. im not expecting it to fix shit
one of us, one of us.
venezuela, and i guess i dont need to add any more explanation.
there is no point on being "rich" here, u cant be on the streets after 6 pm unless u are a crazy mofo. its like the wild wild west with wifi
Deficio
fuck u noob, i do 1231231312k dps/min with my sword of moms visa
i have the perfect video for you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKC6XmsLWVQ
eu is on vacations
ikr, im not even a tsm fan but i like the chanting, i wish there were more from for the other teams.
if anyone is wondering why riot stopped doing cosplay contest live on their tornament (if they ever did, i dont remember) this is the answer. and im grateful for that.
here in venezuela if u sleep in your car, its not gonna be your car anymore... and that´s the only thing that will happen, if u are lucky
i love how the 2nd place meme died.
didnt know there was a comic
they added an SPOILER ALERT! if u got spoiled after that. well... thats natural selection of some sorts
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
thing is, if they do the sequels, none of these actors will be on it, because it must be at "reing of chaos". i can only hope..
batman v superman was bad, yeah, not because of the trailers, or critics, it was bad because the whole concept of batman fighting superman was stupid as fuck. there is a diference. foe me, warcraft was a decent movie, with a lot of actors that wont appear on a sequel because it will be about grown up thrall, with the experience taken from the mistakes made here so, i hope they do a sequel and that ill be a lot better, the reing of chaos story is really good.
this, omg i cant believe he just compared lol lore to wow's
thing is RT gives it a unfair rating... its absolutely not a "must not see" movie like they said.
i would like to be asked this by hbo tho
TWD spin of, the tell tales one, it would be a lot better than that FTWD Fiasco
i love how it is turning into a "why apple?" thread
not just videogames, its CS... i mean there are a billion games to do stuff with, lets pick the riskiest one shall we?
i would love to work at hbo, they are such a nice group of ppl there, putting out so many amazing shows...
like a picture used in response, " sonic and the glass house" get it now for your 3ds
dochun is so unpopulated that i dont expect anyone to mention a clan here
u dont play as nazis, also u dont play as terrorists in rainbow six
xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
i cant believe ppl gives away their pets, after watching this history, i could never do it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_VFm4KiRNU
i did not expect this. have your daily upvote
i saw that video and it is amazing how fast firefighters arrived, i know is kinda weird to say but im quite sure in my country they would have taken a lot more time to be there.
thx, just when i was about to click. my hero
this, we have adds too, but since seats are assigned, u can just enter in time for the movie only
but david... after all this time?
those fed tahm kenchs man.. so annoying.
it felt so "penny dreadful"ish, i loved it
i never understood ppl taking so much time pooping, i do that in like a minute always
is this a sillicon valley reference?
enjoy it, here en venezuela we cant even get the latam tourneys lol.
u cant just say the professional baseball teams from paraguay can beat any mlb team, and they will still be pro
lol... if he didnt do this already..
ikr, there is only one TOI for me. dem baium camps
i agree that ppl should use mn9 subreddit, but what else can we talk about here? that brand new megaman game that capcom showed at e3? wait !
for me is majoras mask, im almost alone on this but meh
dark doesnt mean bad tho
chains!
yuuup!
shame
is this feature being added to all the leagues or just lcs?
but dude, dota so hard how can a league pleb play it at pro lvl? /s
that kind of things is one of the few to make me kinda happy to live in a 3rd world country, no crazy shit like this or school shootings happen, no isis.. if only we could get rid of the "socialist" bs.
are u stan?
no need to be, time wasted having fun isnt wasted at all. Inb4 but ur playing ranked comments.
here we used to think like that, but i think the banks (puts on tinfoil) make their teller staff work slower and reduced the amount of people so clients feel forced to try out the new and fancy ATM.. thing is, people learned how to use them and now tellers are mostly visited by the elders, still slow as fuck compared to ATM.
its not beef, more like avoiding legal issues to come.
we do have a lot to worry about, just not massive shooting at schools or clubs on 31 dec. just saying..
all i wanna know, im kinda waiting for it to finally get legion :/
this, i dont think this was a "prorevenge" case, petty? sure.
worls collide was better than ignite if u ask me, not better than warriors tho.
replacing humans for machines at those kind of works is unfair, we need more moneis!
it is sad that ryu from bof cant make it to those games because it is named ryu and murikan kids would get confused, im all in for bof characters on this game :3
league has more champions than dota tbh this took too long. pd: i know dota has heroes.
what my gf does is sit near me and instagram the shit out of my cellphone batery, i even think she has almost or more of a fun time than me playing vg
i mean, i dont know what did u expect...
im guessing that u wanted to exclude pictures of oneself from your post but hey...
saying that the trailer was bad is borderline hating it because fuck it.
i learnered englando with playing le videogames.
i dont know what is a newt but i dont think anyone could avoid it, and even if that was prevented, it would happen on a later date.
idk honestly, i used to play dota 1 and we did captains mode, and the dota2 tourneys stream always had bans.
idk, when i tp im watching my landing spot and already clicking my next target minions/champ..
