I think you might lose a lot of money.
You are a pretty simple person.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AH!
Its okay, i survived.
PETE JUST FLEW INTO THIS TOWN AND HE'S HAVKING UP ALL THE WOMEN'S MEAT
FUCK THIS THREAD IM GONNA EAT SAUSAGE
You know the NBA has gone completely soft when we obsess over a baby in a post-game interview more than we obsess over the league's best players... It's time to forget about Riley
I agree
Everybody just needs to shut up about "riley curry is the greatest thing to ever happen to the nba since jordan" shit because that's how the NBA is treating it. There's been more coverage of her in the past week than curry or lebron.
Japa dog?
This is just weird coming from him.
AND
Right, but they sure didn't call New Vegas the Mojave Wasteland and same with D.C.
These all sound like some fun for a more advanced character, i will try it out wih my already-made character tho
The score's tied at 239 a piece heading into the 10th overtime in game 7 at the looney toon arena. LeBron has 200 points, Lola with 30, Taz with 5, and Foghorn Leghorn was fouled twice for 4 points. On Curry's team, Steph has 179, Bugs has 30, Daffy has 10, Elmer has 2 and Bills Murray has 8. LeBron is completely gassed- scoring most of his teams points by playing every single minute of the game, trying to beat Michael's space jam record as well as beat Steph. Steph, however, was tired but fine; and was capable of taking control of this game. As the buzzer sounded and 5 more minutes were added to the clock, Lola suggests Bron should take a break. LeBron shouts, but agrees- and in comes foghorn leghorn. In 1 minute, Steph scores 15 points and 5 assists to bugs and daffy, as well as 1 to a wide open elmer fudd. LeBron looks up at the scoreboard in disgust, and a gleam out of the corner of his eye catches his gaze- Bill Murray drinking out of a white water bottle. Some purple tape and black text written in hasty sharpie appear on the other side of the bottle, and Bill Murray stops drinking and sets it down. LeBron screams "timeout!" And the game stops with exactly 3:30 left. "Yo tweety, come here" the bird comes over to LeBron as he whispers in her ear. Tweety nods, then flys off in the direction of Steph's team bench. As Lola tries to draw up a strategy, LeBron can only stare at tweety struggle to carry the bottle, he gaze never leaving. She finally returns with the bottle exhausted, and LeBron takes it back to the bench. "Michael's Secret Stuff" the bottle reads, and when nobody is looking, LeBron crosses out Michael's name and writes his own. LeBron takes a sip, and immediately downs the whole bottle after realizing its power. The buzzer sounds, and LeBron is to guard Curry. "Time to change eras, old man." Says Curry. "Man, shut your mouth little girl." Says LeBron, who pushes off Curry to catch a pass from Lola. LeBron screams as he runs over Steph, tramples daffy, steps on Bugs, then finally uses Bill Murray as a launchpad to soar 40 feet in the air for the 1080 dunk. All of the looney toons' jaws drop, and LeBron shrugs. As the fame progresses, there is no stopping LeBron; but Steph is persistent. With 30 seconds to go, Steph trails by 5; another timeout is called. LeBron heads back to the bottle to find it's empty, and he immediately goes to the ref to complain. The ref gives him a warning after 25 death threats from Bron, and the game continues. In the huddle, LeBron gives his team commands. "Okay: Lola, cut to the basket. Bird, set some screens. Big Chicken thing, fly around and check some people." Curry gathers his team. "Okay guys, ughh, have fun out there." Curry gets the ball from the pass from Bugs. As LeBron charges towards Steph with a full head of steam along with Taz, Steph throws a 3-point alley-oop to Bill Murray. Down by only 2 now, LeBron takes up the ball. Dribbling around for 20 seconds, Steph's entire team is now on LeBron but he refuses to pass it. Finally, with nobody open, he shoots it; and watches as the clock goes down to 0.0: the ball still soaring through the air. "Yes! All hail the King baby!" He shouts. "Suck my nutsack MJ, you Chicago piece of..." LeBron stops talking as the ball hits back iron and soars back across the entire court- and into the other basket. Steph's team can't believe it, and the crowd goes nuts. LeBron bows his head into defeat as he goes into the press conference sporting an all-black turtleneck and skinny jeans. "LeBron, who is most accountable for he loss today?" Asks a reporter, eager to hassle LeBron. "I found that the officiating wasn't really up to par, and my teammates are fuckin' looney toons. Also my coach Bacid Dlatt doesn't know shit, and i play for quite possibly the shittiest team in the league; i mean i carried us here. I am the only reason we're here." LeBron pauses for a moment and looks down at his microphone. "But we play as a team, and we're all to blame really... We win together, and we lose together. As the press conference starts to end, LeBron reveals he is taking his talents to Acmeville.
My personal favorited are *"12 Angry Men"* and *"the Treasure of the Sierra Madre"*
I typed it on my phone in like 7 minutes so i guess that explains the quality
Already played this lol... I played a rapper from New Reno who just gets drunk kn vodka, whiskey, then jet and heads to the casino to gamble away
I write and publish books in my free time. Not even my closest friends know.
Or those vaults that crazy people usually have in their backyard in our world
What? You payed $400 for them, not using/needing them ever would sure seem like the college is just screwing you over, wouldn't it? And why would they do that?
Away for a week, can't play fallout until monday, don't have any fixer. Halp plz.
How so, if i might ask?
Sounds good, if i have to say! I never actually thought that people would want to read it right away... Should have though that through. I will make some adjustments to the story and will try to get it up soon!
Also, for anyone wondering what i mean by "stand alone": i modified the story so that the make character, essentially the courier, is lured in by Father Elijah the same way, but the story takes place present day, in our world. The Casino is in Mexico, and dean and Dog/God are humans formatted to best fit their personalities as if they were a ghoul or a super mutant. I did not add the story to the fallout universe simply because so much background required for this story would not only confuse the reader, but most of it would essentially be useless information and therefore blur the story. While inside the villa/casino, i didn't really take any elements away. The ghost people, the cloud, the holograms, the gala event are all still present. Included as well is the Vera/Frederick Sinclair/Dean story, as well as the backstory of the construction of the villa/casino by several companies and how Frederick Sinclair is utterly obsessed with security. I tried to keep it as true as i possible could, with exceptions to some usage of creative license. TL;DR: i adapted the original *Dead Money* story for audiences unfamiliar with Fallout Lore.
OMG JOÖ GUIS I CUNT BELIEVE ME TOP POST WAS ABOOT ZELDERZ LOLLLLLLLLLLLL XDDDDDDDDD
Still salty about grayson fucking allen.
If this was YouTube you would be seeing comments like: "This is fake"
Sorry, but fuck you.
First of all i think its a fading australian accent, and second she still married nick young ? If she was really racist "deep down" then why did she commit to a lifelong relationship with a black guy?
GAHHHH THERA NEVER GONNA BE ANOTHER TIME! DUKE IS GONNA WIN IN THE NEXTFUCKKG 5 YEARS WHILE WISCONSIN WAS WAITING SINCE 19 FUCKKNG 46 AN THEY MAY NEVER WIN AGAIN THEY WERW THE PERFECT TEAM, THEY SHOT WELL, THEY PASSES WELL. FUNDAMENTALLY THEY WERE THE MICHAEL JORDAN OF TEAMS AND THEY FICKING LOST BECAUSE TYUS FUCKING JONES AND HIS STUPID FUCKING UNIVROW AN GRAYSON CHICKEN SHIT ALLEN CAME TO THE RESCUE AND FUCKING FUCKED THE FUCKERS RIGBT IN THE FAT FUCKINF ASS GHAHAHSHSHAHA
Penis
Flashportal.com
Sorry, but everybody here has it wrong. You have to find unique personalities to steal talent from. IMHO, the best option is: Dirk Nowitzki, Nate Robinson, Blake Griffin, James Harden, and Klay Thompson. Sorry, but i think about this alot.
This. FUCKING. INFURIATES ME. What the fuck kind of friend is he? And that response... I've never cringed harder, worse than /r/cringe ... God damn. I'm sorry but i'm fucking pissed at this shithead. You don't even need to get revenge, just find a way for him to pay you back, be assertive, and make him feel like the guilty little shit he is. Trust me, i've been there- and if nothing works, you can always try the nuclear option of parents. I never liked it, but seriously thats a shitload of points... I assume you didn't buy those, so tell you parents how mich money those points would have been in real world money to have more effect. I can't believe he would just take your points to upgrade his shitty team. You must be the chillest person ALIVE.
So he calls you a pussy. Nothing happens. So then he says he will beat you up. Theres a 70% chance he wont go through with it. And if he does, or keeps threatening, then you have a reason to go nuclear. If you're upset then i don't know why thats not an option for you.
You don't have the energy to talk to your parents? You're odd hesitation is making me doubt your story as a whole.
Ya maybe him or Nate can go to the park and play the "wannabe" role. And if the movie were to follow the exact same pattern that the original story set up, Kobe could play Larry Bird, Zack Galifinakis could play Newman, and Johnny Manziel could play Bill Murray, being that he is the new face of Cleveland Football.
What the fuck i just requested this 2 days ago and it got downvoted 3 times and died
Upvote for including quite possibly the 4 greatest big men to ever play and not forgot them.
I disagree. In camps before official NBA workouts, (LeBron's camp), he was one of the most athletic guys there. He's still growing, currently at 6'9, and he's strong.
Is Boylan known for Defense? That would be great matching the two together.
Getting an experienced defensive coach like Jim to pair with a rookie offensive-minded coach like Hoiberg excites me.
You can probably choose between WAY more factions than that... I wouldn't be surprised if either of these factions end up being meaningless to the main story.
I agree, the text tree looks down right hideous. However, that was 3rd person, and he did mention that there would be chat in 1st OR 3rd... Fingers crossed. HUD also looks weird.
I GUESS IT WAS MOTHERFUCKING NOTHING
Did you watch? He tore down a building all the way to the concrete base and built it back ul
*"why hello there, LogJammer D'BaggageclingBron. Welcome home!"*
I love you
That's probably what she told them
I want to give this gold. Or bethesda. Or something. Intelligence was way OP
Or you are frozen in a chryo chamber, originally used for horrible tests, and you were the control person.
[Speach 100/100]Mind explaining damage Damage Threashold to me?
Comprehension? Only benefits magazines
I feel like he just printed out these pictures then colored them in.
Whatever you say.
Didn't Jerry West win FMVP when he lost in the finals? Or was that Magic?
I feel like either you or todd dodged all of the important questions we all have such as if a voiced protagonist is mandatory, dialogue wheel, etc
Don't forget Paul George
Getting slammed in 2 courts at once
Hey, they told thibs the same thing, and he answered the exact same...
LOL Thibs said the same thing
Cavs had the worst playoff roster w/ LeBron and the Warriors had the best team in the league... Don't act like it was a cinderella run.
That's a pretty good attitude about the whole thing, very Tim-Duncan Like.
17 Mil with the Raptors...Jesus
"I just don't know meyers...what if i can't achieve scalibrine level? What if i..." "Shhh...kevin, you need to calm down. LeBron is just getting in your head, that's all. Maybe San Antonio is the answer." "You know what Meyers... I can do this. I CAN achieve scal level. I'll go up to LeBron tommorow and say...i'll say... Uhh... Forget you, man! I don't need Cleveland!" "That's the spirit, Love! Now go getem tiger!"
How did you defect safely? What was your process?
Nice try, Brian Williams.
God damnit
WHOA! Are you the first person to do this? WTF thats clever man.
Wisconsin would be one of those teams
At least they made it to the national championship after facing the hardest schedule possible in the tourny then losing to Duke.
Seriously though, Fuck Duke.
Yao.
Dream: 72' Lakers vs. 96' Bulls Nightmare: 2010 Bobcats vs. The 05' OKC Hornets
Ya! Don't forget Ty Lawson! But that's pretty much it.
Love your analysis.
*center. Do you live outside of the U.S?
Marquis Teague was also good in International play as well as summer league so...
Is it just me or is Dylan like the ultimate school shooter name?
This sounds like something i might do my first ever playthrough, just to get a feel for everything.
Oh.
Love it
Lost to the Nets?
porque no los dos
Shut the fuck up, Kevin.
ITT: people not understanding community references
Im a bulls fan but i usually play suns just to make things interesting
What does it say if you have less than 30 Speech?
Ashamed they didn't mention censorship... But then realized it was NBC.
Blonde, British accent, snowboarder, attractive.
Ur mOm partipatud hersulf.lol
ITT: people getting downvoted for stating their opinions about a game everybody on reddit "must enjoy"
DO YOU LIKE THAT?!?!?
Worst troll ever.
Silence, Ye Shallot. No but seriously shallots and garlic with butter is scrumptious.
I LOVE YOU
Somebody had to creat the "big bang". Who created that? Must be a god. Who created that god? Who created THAT god? The notion of the whole universe and life is crazy, therefore the gods must be as well.
⛽️🅰🆖
Your title is VERY misleading. PJ wasn't singling out LeBron on purpose, he said "for example", and i don't think he thinks that the league pampers LeBron either. Every single player in the NBA travels every game. Its a fact.
You had no friends as a child
No, he said "for example", then chose LeBron; he could have picked any star in the NBA that gets away with traveling, which is basically every single one. Derrick does it, Jo does it, everyone does it. LeBron is just the big name he could think of first.
F4LL0UT M4ST3R R4C3
Le F4LL0UT 4RMY H4TE C0D?!??!!!
Not at all
Damn that life
KAT or Okafor
You favorited the porn.
They do. Flares as well as fire can also cause this.
Fortunately, i can provide an opposing view for discussion purposes. I really was leaning towards Amita for the course of the Campaign, she really seemed to have the better plan. I agreed that the only way to keep Kyrat going is to establish a market on an international stage by selling anything we could find, even if that meant opium. Sabal's POV really seemed unnecessary to me; i didn't really care about the culture or the religion, i wanted the best for the future of Kyrat. But in Yuma's hallucination, i saw Amita draw more and more comparisons to Pagan Min; killing civilians in the name of Kyrat, destroying religion we were trying to keep for the locals, and she was biased on the POV of Kyrati customs and traditions. I was pretty horified, so i had no choice- Amita had to die. I never cared much for Sabal but push came to shove and eventually i shot Amita. And to keep things short, i let Pagan Min live. I never wanted to kill him, i wanted to side with him and i wish i could have. I wanted him gone however, and i'm glad i got the option to let him leave. I wish i could kill Sabal after that, i don't think he would be a good king. Besides, he idolized Mohan even knowing Mohan was a ruthless killer of a leader, like Pagan or Ajay.
He was awesome in FC3, but he was still all about business. He was there to work, and left accordingly,
1) more choice. I wish i could have sided with Pagan in FC4. 2) more story. FC4 was REALLY short without all the side missions, like 3 missions total in the north, come on! 3) Malaria(jk) 4) new location obviously, probably in some made-up South American country or maybe even the middle east 5) new enemies, FC3 and FC4 NPC's were the exact dame with a new coat of paint on them. 6) controllable regions. FC3&amp;4 had outposts you had to conquer in order to "control" a region, i want some change
Yes, FC2 was always my personal favorite.
Respect, i loved it. The Map Editor is my favorite feature in the FC series and i use it extensively, you must do the same.
Wrong, there are 5 endings including the secret ending available at he beginning of the game.
You didn't wait? Was the crab rangoon not good enough?
Worse than Malaria made me laugh my ass off
Lol Jack's face at the beginning made me laugh so hard
"And continue to make stellar moves like drafting Kaminsky over Winslow" This is an awful move, the Hornets have like 6 big men and didn't need frank regardless of how good he fits into triangle offenses/is better than winslow
Honestly. I picked the knicks and started to rebuild and i was able to trade for tim duncan, tony parker, zach randolph, mike conley, Gortat, bradley beal, jeremy lin, gordon hayward, and MCW.
So bad that there wasn't even a troll 1.
Because Kareem, Bill Russell, Elvin Hayes, Willis Reed, and Wes Unseld were "skinny white boys" He grabbed 55 boards over Russell, the guy who has the finals trophy named after him. Show some respect for greatness.
Even if it isnt true Klay is no way best SG in the NBA, especially after 1 good game.
Casablanca, Citizen Kane
I &lt;3 Chris Copeland. Dude is a stud, so many memories watching him.
#i checked the facts and they play out best Speak English #in terms of winning Bill was No shit, he belonged to one of the best teams of all time and had the finals trophy named after him This doesn't really make a case as to why Wilt wasn't a boss
What do you mean?
Stop
/u/DrDickle don't worry at least you won't be playing Paul Pierce again in that 4th seed :)
#Cavlin
Cool
Okay, that concludes the second round then.
Its almost over anyways
People on reddit refuse to believe that Kanye is a good dude.
We get it you watch political debates
Not yet
After deleting facebook and hitting the gym
Choo
I agree, have an upvote or two.
This. Everybody on this sub assumes that just because Russ had more ringz, he is better. Well the reality of it was that Russ had the help of 7 all-stars and it was 8-2 vs. Wilt and Hal Greer or Jerry West. Also that Wilt got 55 rebounds over Russ in one game.
1. Wilt is the most dominant player to ever play the game, i don't care what era he's in. 2. Steph Curry is a beneficiary of the rule changes due to his lack of strength and superior quick release shooting. 3. I hate the Warriors 4. Jordan and Tracy McGrady may be the most talented players of all time. 5. Earl Monroe is one of the best ball-handlers ever 6. Oscar is tied with Magic for PG greatness 7. I think LeBron has earned those wins from the Bulls every year, there was never a "fluke" year 8. Kareem&gt; Hakeem 9. Gilbert Arenas wasn't a legend 10. Ben Wallace won't make the HOF despite his defensive prowess 11. And here's the big one: obviously the MVP trophy is a big wonky in terms of how it is won, but i think you have to have a unique personality on and off the court to win it. A unique and different playstyle that has "changed the game" one way or another. Nash is an example, Curry another. Kobe had 35 PPG and led a YMCA squad to the 7th seed and still got snubbed.
Happy father's day LeBron, cause you're Jimmy's son
He has a 78 standing three. 78.
💯💯💯💯😁👱🏿🔫👱🏿🔫👱🏿🔫👍🏼⚡️🚀🍌🤔🤔🤔👤🗝🔑🔑😂🚤🇧🇭💯⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️🌚🌚🌚🌚🤕😴😩🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Congrats, you mafe it to the semis! Contact your oponent and go to the ship!
Jack it til u make a mess is what my uncle always said
Animal Farm.
JU MUST DRINK DA WAHTTER YUNG BAS
I remember when theh said they were giving away practice jerseys for the first 2,000 and we got in at 1,474(never forgot) and we didn't get anything. I saw a total of 5 people walking around with practice jerseys that day. But i got a Rose bobblehwad once so thats nice,
Ur weird
First person that comes to mind is Dariq Williams
I did
I heard /r/gonewild fucking hates them, too! But that's just what i heard.
R Kelly?
My stomach hurts
Just kill every politician within a ten mile radius of the loop
K
I've heard the name La-a before. Ladasha.
As an ex-officer, this may work. Or not. I actually had someone try that on me a few years back, in the southern cesspool of Alabama. They asked if they could pay the fine "in another way", and started touching the baton holstered in my tool-belt. I smashed their mouth with the butt of my gun and dragged them onto the road, keeping my foot on their neck (as you are trained to do). I screamed, "You NEVER touch an officer's baton, do you understand?" They tried gargling a response but my boy Tommy O'Neill (a real sweet guy, he only joined the force to pay the rent for his grandmother's cottage) smashed his fucking fist into their chest and slammed them against the hood of the car. "Thanks, friend." I said as he restrained the perp. "Anything for my partner," he said, smiling. He stood the now-dazed and confused criminal just outside the door of the police cruiser, then kicked him into the car using both of his legs. I threw some cocaine on his passenger seat and started burning the old family photos and letters that he had in his glove compartment. You probably think I'm a bad guy, but no one ever asked for the criminal's name. Abdul Shaki-Natasa, a known terrorist-sympathiser and anarchist. (The suspect was later released due to misidentification).
Is there more than 1? No way i found it that fast
Bucks beat the Warriors. Bucks &gt; Warriors
So are you a Lakers or Twolves fan? I must know.
Lakers are #1 in the league in upside Just oozing with upside
The Supersonics moved to OKC faster than Katrina made the Hornets
Hopefully soon
As an ex-officer, this may work. Or not. I actually had someone try that on me a few years back, in the southern cesspool of Alabama. They asked if they could pay the fine "in another way", and started touching the baton holstered in my tool-belt. I smashed their mouth with the butt of my gun and dragged them onto the road, keeping my foot on their neck (as you are trained to do). I screamed, "You NEVER touch an officer's baton, do you understand?" They tried gargling a response but my boy Tommy O'Neill (a real sweet guy, he only joined the force to pay the rent for his grandmother's cottage) smashed his fucking fist into their chest and slammed them against the hood of the car. "Thanks, friend." I said as he restrained the perp. "Anything for my partner," he said, smiling. He stood the now-dazed and confused criminal just outside the door of the police cruiser, then kicked him into the car using both of his legs. I threw some cocaine on his passenger seat and started burning the old family photos and letters that he had in his glove compartment. You probably think I'm a bad guy, but no one ever asked for the criminal's name. Abdul Shaki-Natasa, a known terrorist-sympathiser and anarchist. (The suspect was later released due to misidentification).
I think the point he's trying to make is that Jo was a frontrunner fro MVP and is still only an 84 ovr
How do you make these?
Unfortunately we're already in the finals and on XB1
Lol just win the finals
Yes i know reggie, chuck, and cwebb can't be in the game. I get it. Or just downvote me to shi its cool
They're ultra sensitive
Im a badgers fan so i got lucky on that one
Kings. Only way i know is wisconsin badgers fan
Hes already in
memes
What if he was traines by bruce lee
Thanks. Like i said, i don't play MyTeam. These downvotes make zero sense. He helped me, i thanked him. Fuck me right?
Im not even a nets dan but i rejoice. Huge news, good for Brooklyn, good for basketball.
Trade Lopez, Young, and Johnson for some young guys and picks. Build a future and blow it up.
And that's somehow worse than not getting to LeBron at all?
Well the system he played him prevented him from being a good defender, they were the fastest paced team in NBA history.
There are many conflicting theories at why but the main reason is that they simply don't want to be in the game. I know Chuck said "it would be weird to have people play me in a game".
*moments*
##FuckTheKids
Idk if Kerr likes him though.
I like your enthusiasm!
#you need to show it Lol
Lmao did you actually just say that...haha
Steph Curry is the GOAT, surpassing Heat legend Ray Allen and 2015 Prime Kobe as the greatest shooter ever./s
Only correct answer
Hahahahahahahahaha But fuck you
Now whoever they draft will be the butt of a joke where they call him "water cooler" if he gets good
I would. DeAndre aggresively nailed tjose winning FT's
In case that didnt work: http://imgur.com/a/wDdof
Bored. I wanted to take the most memorable moment from that monster game 6 vs Boston, and this image is definately it.
Hes a warriors fan he just started watching basketball cut him some slack
Holy shit this wizards team flops more than the raps
What a little shit. #FuckTheKids2016
