Just looks rusty, no?
Seriously? Where do you work a convent?
They look like people who are average Americans to me. Probably have jobs and such. Trash level not detected
That's a serious set of tits. Three thumbs up!
It's obviously rust and corrosion
Ewww
Damn that looks amazing
What's a R2? (R2D2)? And how old is this girl?
What this from Hustler magazine?
She's sounds a little lost. Trash level: low.
Ignorance level: **maximum.**
Á la Jurassic park
Too bad nowadays it probably has a pretty tame formula. Back when they started making it, it would have alcohol, chloroform and heroin. With a touch a aspirin.
Yes it's skin crawling gross, isn't it?
Haha well I don't know about there but Hamilton has a disproportionate amount of white trash scum bags to normal people. Kinda, really sucks.
I agree. I know it must be difficult going to your life is a man when mentally and emotionally inside you are a woman. But it's becoming easier in society now to become the person you think you are inside and also physically change your appearance to match what you were feeling mentally. I'm not saying it's as easy as going to the doctor and getting a mole removed, but this individual in the picture based on what I know about him definitely deserves the courage award. It takes so much courage to overcome what he has and accomplish everything he has done after losing two limbs. My apologies for any spelling mistakes I am using voice to text.
Oh I agree with you 100%. And I'm sure it does happen other places with the exception of countries that allow you to just buy the toy by itself. When I was 10 years old I would buy small bags of chips to get a sticker with a picture of my favorite wrestlers on it (Jake the snake, Andre the giant etc). And there came a point when I was throwing the chips in the garbage and just keeping the stickers.
Dude. You've got a booger in your nose.
The ripped up shred of paper for a price tag looks like something an idiot would make.
I wish I had some of that stuff. Wouldn't make my vegetarian girlfriend happy. I have an alligator head at home. Small one. I like the one you have standing up. Where did you get the elephant foot? I was guessing rhino btw.
Especially since they're all the same price you just gotta pick a blonde, brunette, big tits or ass. And youre good to go.
Are you talking about a specific movie? Hope so. Shia lebeouf is such a shitty actor. Wickwicky. Fuck he's terrible.
My ex-wife had to go through the same thing at your daughters age. I know how stressed out and afraid you must be but everything will go fine. This day and age with the medical technology and practices it we have you have nothing to worry about
Both of them being close to the same age if not the same age exactly makes it less infuriating. But I'd be very mad still.
So hot
You sure she's alive?
They look like they do not give a shit and that they wish he hadn't really done that. What a lame move.
Is that Zach Braff?
Wart!!
A filthy carpet?
Acne. Go to a doctor&gt;dermatologist and they can help hopefully.
Props for posting a brave photo btw
Ouch. Near your pussy?
That's all you need sometimes. Good luck with it all
Is this real at all? I've never seen the photo
They're both female. Just jumping on the other. Hardly a WTF moment. Lame!
Really? Wow. I never knew any while I was single. Would have liked to find out
I hear ya. Must have gotten to you and slowly felt like "you" we're hurting them, am i right? I'd last there a short while only.
Gross. Never!!
Awesome. Nice find.
Bad shop job
I find this very hot.
Should have just showed 3 pics from different angles on your arm to get a perspective of it. It's cool though.
Is that his skin or the "peel"?
Thanks for clearing that up. Is it his skin or the "peel"?
My girlfriend has at least one as well. Doesn't seem to go away. It's been there a few months at least. I'm convinced that it's a "pimple" or something similar. And if it was squeezed old keratin would come out. Like a blackhead etc
Do you have keratosis pilaris? I do and I have to squeeze the clogged hair follicles to get rid of the gross bumps they make on my arms and other areas. I hate it. Tanning is the only way that gets rid of them. Not sure why. If I go to a tanning bed a couple times a week for say 5 mins on medium strength it fixes me up.
I don't doubt that they might be uneducated and annoying but the idea of what's really trashy is being pushed a little to far. I mean a pregnant chick smoking is one thing but fat people with balloons and a few shitty tattoos isnt really the worst thing ever
How do you find the really good artists like you have here?
Text this big is kinda....too big. It looks good technically but it's just too large.
Sucks
She's very good. Super popular. This is on her Instagram
It's really cool
Probably unluckiest. That shitbox could have at least got a few hundred for its insurance claim. Now he's stuck with it still.
That was awesome! Ahahahahahaha
These two shouldn't be allowed to text. Their thumbs must be the size of carrots
Why the fuck do people add strangers to Facebook and then have these arguments with them? Why not just delete them instead of a three page argument or better yet don't add people you have zero interest in
Jeremy Wade was hunting for some really massive suckers on his show, when he was going after Alligator gar.
The difference between a dedicated rock musician, and a spoiled rapper who storms off stage when a fan says something offensive to him.
I'm so jealous. That's an amazing haul! Where do you live to get such great berries already?
He looks like a huge douche bag. My condolences OP. I have an idiot step brother also. Luckily I never have to see him. He's a stoner idiot too. Got arrested for having a grow-op in his rental house few years back. He's a total idiot so I feel your pain. http://imgur.com/b6wynTp http://imgur.com/RjSAlry
How many lengths of vagina lips does that tattoo have? I'm counting 3 flaps long.
I've been to jail for a short period a few years ago. I'm a recovering addict so it was inevitable. Anyway I would have never ever let me kids come see me that way. That being said it's a baby in this photo. So it wouldn't know what's going on per se.
It just looks like a black and grey blob with a scary face. Kind of sucks
Weak
Beautiful! I love the colour tech.
Germs. And poo on the handle.
Why's it green?
So no video or after pics?
Damn. Those are huge blackheads. I've never had one that big. Sadly I have almost perfect skin.
Why am I down voted? I know the guy
How do get so close to some one chasing the dragon with him seeing you?
He's not free basing. He chasing the dragon
Idiot
Holy crap. A blue whale?
Looks like a smiling crab- monster. Way to traumatize children.
I hope your last name is Rhodes.
He is a quote from one of the UK men that hired Louise Hunter for a "party". Make sure you're not eating as you read. "When I arrived I found the living room covered in plastic sheeting, and the two girls in the living room chatting and the rest of the guys drinking and chatting. Having got changed into my latex the party got underway, with both girls pissing on each other, and inviting us chaps to piss on them. French kissing Kira, covered in piss was a memory I'll keep for a while, as was licking piss off her amazing tits, all the while being encouraged to do more. I rimmed Kira's ass hole deeply while she rimmed another chap preparing to shit, she tasted great, with other peoples piss running down her back too. Once the shitting began, both girls were keen to stuff their faces, covering each other, sharing shit from numerous guys and asking for more! I had time constraints meaning I had to leave before emptying my arse, but really regret not doing so- these girls are the real deal! Looking forward to the next one."
What a rats nest.
Thanks. And yes it makes sense what you've said.
I first thought the guy on the ground was crawling under the guy taking a crap. I was like "these two into scat?" Until I saw he was passed out on his stomach.
Looks like they did a good job with that old Asian man though.
Obviously it is Photoshopped. It's a real kids toy but what would be the use for having a mouth like that?
Looking at the artwork on her wall, it's safe to say that she's definitely crazy. .....I'd still bang her.....
Then you have a boring life.
Ahhh sure. Why not.
Momentarily confused boner
I'm in Canada and that's also true here. It's fucking bullshit. No wonder so many dads that can afford support don't give it and would rather just buy the kids clothes and pay for hockey and camps etc
How?!? Show the foot before and after please
His breath is growing moss.
Somehow I doubt that very much
🎤call HG Wentworth. 877-CASH-NOW!🎶
not on video and then sell it
Sorry should have mentioned I recently went through the EXACT situation with my GF and her family etc
That's funny I did a project on the whales when I was in grade 3. And now I'm a marine biologist. .....actually I have no job :(
Because you're low class. Only reason I can think of.
Why does the skinny older guy go for it? When bald beefy man just stands there?
Honestly, I've seen this before. And without a doubt I'm 110% sure it's probably, most likely a velociraptor.
I think he found his cat. Btw tell him to mow his lawn more than once a year.
No pic of yard? Downvote! DOWNVOOOOTE!
Oh god that gross. Where on your body is that? Can you video it being squeezed?
I don't know how to get/check for mine. My tonsils are not very visible.
Chat agent? Wtf
Noo lol. Is u? Her caption....?
That suit is awesome. I'm wanting to get the right drawing of that diving suit for my next tattoo. If anyone can help....btw
He is banned for 7 days now! What gives? What did he do?
Oh did it? That's good. Yes could be the ones I take are different. I'm sure that they can't all be 100% the same I suppose.
Now that confusing!
Why would it? That's the most normal thing to want.
Wow she could be rich!
Yep. Definitely him. Source: fucked up human and monkey doll common bait van.
Oh I know. You're talking to a former punk rock boy. Oi!
Start at her balls and work your way up.
I have literally never smelled that bad in my life. And I'm a heroin addict in recovery who has at certain points in my life not washed for a couple days.
I gotta say...I am impressed. Biggest one I've ever seen. I'm a recovering heroin addict. So I've been seriously constipated in my life. And I've never EVER dropped a brown trout that big. 🙏🏻
Sorry if i missed it somewhere but have you decided what it was? Blackhead? Splinter? Alien implant?
Pore of winer? What's that?
As gross and painful as that sounds I'd like to have seen it.
good for you. That's usually not what gets people to quit. Not by a long shot. It often has to be jail, family stop speaking to them or overdosing multiple times. Even then that's not always enough. I've been using on and off literally my whole life starting at 13 and what finally did it for me was being thrown out of my house by my girlfriend and being on the streets for a week with no money, clothes etc. now she's being very very supportive and is proud of the progress Ive made since that relapse and its all been for the greater good.
This looks very good
Gin blossoms? Come oooooon
Yep. Pretty much what I thought they would.
Told her it said "tuna" wrote it upside down
She's very beautiful.
The "black" of his butthole? Whaaaaa?
Never seen one.
Looking for the name of this. Can't ever find it online. Looks like a dream
Says "porn queen" under the logo. Nice touch
This is the most cringeworthy selfish and stupid thing when people do this. There was one a girl posing giving some poor guy a bottle of water. Was just as bad.
Yep
I love how he wipes the gayness off his butt at the end.
I wish I was that thin
Googled it. Mostly pictures of memes saying not to google it with a few diseased vaginas. Gross but not what I thought.
Men are not allowed to form opinions anymore. Please take notice. That is all.
That's a wary virus though. Not a Groot virus.
I love how you guys describe this shit like you were ACTUALLY climbing the mountains somewhere. Or like you actually have gone outside in the last 6 months. I play games too. I have 2 GTX 970s but Jesus....I think you go a little too deep into this stuff.
Had the exact one from the gap 2 years ago. Wasn't too sure about it.
Was about to comment on the same thing. Darn it.
Your wife is quite the cutie. You better shape up or ship out you drunken hooligan!!
Fucking alcoholic. Guaranteed he lost his license and had to watch the kids for the afternoon. So he decides to shoot over to the LCBO before anyone notices. I hate that shit.
Oh man. Big Ang? I'd rather drag my nuts over broken glass.
She's hot. Bottom line.
Basically like I explained. There is a company that has a video of how they do it on their website. They are located in or near Milton, Ontario if you wanted to look it up.
Yep. That'll do it.
You foolish spice grinder
You mean you haven't called the police and done it yet? What's wrong with you? You could still get your stuff back.
When did it start being OK and social acceptable to use meth?
Jesus!!! I thought it was a duck with no beak!!
You look like a huge douche bag. Put a fucking shirt on. Not that it will help much.
You look like you hang out at middle schools Looking for dates.
Your douche bag level is off the charts. Seriously knock that "look" off. Those sunglasses are for WWE wrestlers.
The clothes. The face pubes. The fact that the best photo you can take has you next to a toilet like it's your best friend. Anything else?
Bi-curious you mean?
So you know you're good looking you just come her to validate yourself? That's fucking sad and makes you undatable
I hate that face. Makes me wanna smack him for some reason....
Why does everyone just speculate what camera and lens OP used. And what program he used to edit it post? Just let the guy freakin answer. Everyone know-it-all that answered has been wrong.
Oh man OP. You're not feeling well are you?
I could have sworn you were going to mention your English PHD, m'friend.
I love it. Something retro and super cool about it.
I'm on methadone and this happens to me. Not that bad of course. But it still happens. I was told it causes water retention but now I see that is what is happening, correct?
Toronto or Halton PS?
Skillet?? I thought it was supposed to say "Skrillex" but got spelled wrong.
What's the deal with that flag? I'm Canadian and haven't bothered to look in to it. All I know is that it's usually in the back window of shitty pickup trucks when ever I see it. It's from the civil war I know that much. Was it used on the side that was ok with slavery?
Glad to hear that you are clean. Keep it up. One day at a time is solid advice. And always kick yourself forward, not down my friend. I didn't have this water retention when I wasn't on methadone. I've read many places that it does cause that. Plus first hand I can say the weight gain is horrible. 60 lbs plus once I hit 80-85 mg! But ya my ankles do that same thing when I have socks on all day or so.
That's not semen...
Lemme guess. Water colour tattoos are trendy. Sloths are in 1/4 of the photos on the internet right now, so trendy also. And you decided you would be oh so on the bleeding edge of you combined both? You're a friggin' douche bag for that move, man. What a stupid idea. Why not get the words "Harlem Shake" tattooed on your chest. Will be just as relevant in 5 minutes from now.
You're leaving it this way? Man it's looks bad now. I'd fix it
Ya or batman or some Pokemon shit
Don't you have to be a member there to see pictures, OP?
Her face has expired.
Oh man. Sloppy cunt Joyce.
Jesus. I thought it was your bed with a meat coloured bed spread when I first clicked on it.
Well duh! Taste it, OP.
You're killing our trashy boners. Please stop!!
What?
I now pronounce you moustache and moustache. You may now moustache the moustache.
That's a really sweet message.
My uncle's. ~~chop~~ shop at closing time.
It is. Made me feel good that someone else became so happy about what happened in your country today.
Not very exciting.
Fixed it for ya..... "Can confirm, ~~/r/trashy~~ any guy will fuck anything that isn't fat."
These are getting harder and harder to understand in the slightest. But I agree it sounds trashy. Pussy ass faggot booty pampers momma bihh bitch ass dog.
Looks like maybe it is...
What!!?
You're a dude I'm assume?
Not to mention it's not a happy thing to be an addict. No one wakes up and thanks god that their an alcoholic or heroin addict ever morning. Being an addict is a very sad lonely place and sadly the only way to cope with that for most is to keep getting high or blackout drunk
Where's her child?
The words "badass" and "cosplay" don't belong together. Here I'll fix it. "Gayass cosplay". Fits with any photo.
Gonna go check if they are still super glued to that bar. To . ~~fuck them both~~. see if they're OK.
Keep going. Get all the dead skin off and you might get lucky.
It's a mole. Most pups have one or two
OP, I'm just going to go for it and ask you. Are you fucking stupid?
Never heard that one before. Wish I still hadn't.
Aren't there usual 80 people just hanging OFF the cars not to mention its jam packed inside? Why did one woman just hop off when it's stopped?
What a smug face he has. Dirty bastard.
Huh?
What were you doing in the sketchy neighbourhood to begin with OP? Buying drugs?! SELLING DRUGS?!
Yes....and?
The other guys. Will Farrell movie
I'll be honest. I edited the photo to see her butthole.
