Really depends on which effect you plan on getting, it looks alright with confetti imo.
well gg bois
god damn it refs
god damn it kc.
Pats can stop the clock on defense but chiefs cant stop it on offense. lmao
god damn it newton
same. considering steaming is 102.5 keys, i can see this going for 95-120, like sketchy said.
God damn op, too soon
How do you even survive?
Not really.
Vel'Koz
Rammus. Rolling around would be fun as hell.
That's pretty lit.
Holy shit, that's epic as hell
https://i.reddituploads.com/5224defe72b84b8d97d852f52ea942e5?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=a2b6ac494c178d57cb56617fabdc7f21
I want Butt also
And everywhere else for that matter!
Well i mean they won most of them with tannehill
I think the entire league loses when Osweiler plays
Jesus LOL
This game is one
Landry you're still down by 13 chill lol
THERE YOU GO DOLPHIN BROS
If we lose and kc wins, kc goes up to 2, we fall to 5
Cool, SD is up.
WR
Oh fuck you Talib
McGloin looking pretty good.
Talib stole my nonexistant wife
Ah shit, who replaces Allen? Joseph is out.
Use it on myself for being in a room with both of them
GO CHARGERS
Suck a dick.
Uh NFL, I reccomend you dont show KC commercials in a Denver vs Oakland game.
Alright McGloin that was on you
Well, lets see Cook I guess
I know it isnt looking too good, but we're a 2nd half team people.
Holy fuck thats a lot of Chiefs fans in SD....
I saw the Dolphins I know as well today :(
COOK EM UP COOK
CRABTREE COME IN
Our backup for Cook is Crabtree btw
He was in pain and throws were inaccurate
These refs can step on a lego
Crabtree is still better im pretty sure
I mean he got to the Super Bowl before....
Its fucking infuriating when we're playing for everything
The fuck CBS? Winning play is a hit to QB(not a sack) that injured him? Fuck you CBS
Well if we lose and KC wins we're against the Texans...
I dont care what you say, but there's no excuse for allowing 24 points against one of the worst offenses in the league. Something is clearly wrong.
We're fighting for the bye + home game.... Also we didnt do this shit against the Colts
Oh shit.
Concussion by running into a guy's leg, it looked unoticed for a bit.
Cook is actually looking pretty good
So do we start Cook going into the playoffs?
Chiefs, 2-0 against us
In other news we get a bye week considering we're against Texans
Cook is alright, playcalling + broncos defense setting him back. 6-24 still.
Falcons game was no where near as bad as the first Chiefs game.
2 and fail
Maybe making 2 trips in playoffs? :)
To be fair, they shut out KC.
Penn is down. Just fuck, i wanna die.
God finished the Chargers and he is now trying to finish us :(
Ah, thought they shut them out, mb.
Brees and Brady are QBs that come to mind quickly.
God fucking damn it Jim Nantz. Look what you did.
Chargers have been finished, and therefore God has moved onto fucking the Raiders over.
Get well soon Derek xoxoxoxo
Fuck me
The last game could of went better, but im fine with 12-4, better than last year. Now, let's go out there and fuck the Texans up a 2nd time.
FAT Fuck Aqib Talib
Congrats!
Giants win vs Patriots cuz 3li
I was expecting us to only get 9 wins tbh
Fuck thats hard
Do it Lions i believe in you
Ah fuck AFC East and NFC East + Ravens and Titans
&gt;Las Vegas Connor Cooks That hurt personally man :(
NFL just trying to get us and Texans out the way lol
My boy Matty Ice
Its also on ABC for people who dont get ESPN
Excuse me Connor Cooking/Matt McGroin vs Brock Lobster/Tom Absolute Savage is an exciting QB tag team matchup
I can actually imagine him saying that during the commercial break
Yeah I try to remember this. I get pissed off in a lot of games, especially when we're behind, then I remind myself we're the best we've ever been in 13 years, and have a winning season + going into the playoffs.
Raiders reporting in!
Looks tough, especially considering our divison is going to be better next year it seems. I think we'll be good enough to handle it, we went 12-4 with one of the hardest schedules this year.
&gt;For me, This season has felt like one big letdown. Me too :( We went 12-4 though, so thats pretty good, we did better than expected in a tough divison. I was so hyped up for postseason though...hence why its been a letdown
[*]
Its a joke lmao
Look at the rest of his tweets
Giants, it's due to happen again...
Titans and Broncos, maybe Redskins and Bucs
Ok.
"Washington football club"
Giants might be considered underdogs against Packs
I do the same thing when im at higher levels, when I start to get lower I skarmy clone mirror clone to take 1 tower then go back to browsing reddit
Lmao
Holy shit 99.9 for Grimes?
The execution of the winner next week
Titan bros
King of LoL R34
F
What's an Ozo?
Yea I saw this a million times here already.
Fuck.
This league is a fucking joke sometimes.
Eh fuck it AFC WILDCARD Raiders over Texans Steelers over Dolphins DIVISIONAL Patriots over Raiders Chiefs over Steelers CONFERENCE Patriots over Chiefs NFC WILDCARD Seahawks over Lions Giants over Packers DIVISONAL Giants over Cowboys Falcons over Seahawks CONFERENCE Giants over Falcons SUPER BOWL Giants over Patriots
LETS FUCKING GO BABY
I wanna die
Browntown
Oh shit
Career game in INTs? :)
Espn or abc
LETS GO CLOWNEY
Yes please :(
LETS GO BOIS
I have terrible news sir
Screen pass on 3rd and 9 ffs
See you in the afterlife
That's literally going to be this game
Lets run it when the run game isnt working...
Fucking Musgrave....
This game is 100% on playcalling so far...
Really...
Ok?
Where was this offense the last few drives :D
Reechard and Richard
Well shit they discovered TEs
Raiders
100% not 90
Me
If Dolphins win winner plays Chiefs
Cook that person is not on your team
Why is Osweiler suddenly good against us
Exactly my thoughts Also doesn't help this is his first career start against a #1 defense...
This has been a horrible ass 3 weeks
You guys didnt even make the playoffs lmao, you no room to talk shit
Cook 4-14, jesus...
Can we keep hurry up offense? Looked like it worked very well when we used it.
I guess the same guy for the Chargers
&gt;Tie Uhhhh
fade every time
Good shit reeeeeechard
We're winning this shit next year. No worries.
Come to life offense please...
*cook makes a good throw to cooper* *cooper doesn't catch it* fuck me :(
They're enjoying their moment. It's pretty obvious what's gonna happen next week...
FIRST DOWN
Alright I hope I never have to see Cook's face ever again after this game
I dont like him purely because his chin
Well thats probably the game. I don't really care we lost(I mean we probably weren't gonna win next week anyways). All I care about is that we have a team built for the next few years, and going to dominate for the next few seasons. It's been a good season. To 7-9 to 12-4, first winning season in 14 years. First playoff berth in 14 years. All of that's a win in my book. Go Raiders. Raider Nation for life.
We had Carr for 12 of those wins...
Safe to say the league fucking hates us lol
COOK THREW A TOUCHDOWN??????
Musgrave is fucking fine. We had a top 10 offense, firing him would be like firing a head coach after a super bowl win.
I don't really care that much that we lost(I mean we probably weren't gonna win next week anyways). All I care about is that we have a team built for the next few years, and going to dominate for the next few seasons. It's been a good season. To 7-9 to 12-4, first winning season in 14 years. First playoff berth in 14 years. All of that's a win in my book. Go Raiders. Raider Nation for life
Carr? Lol.
Garbage time desperation
Eh, he can be part of the blame I guess. The playcalling was pretty awful, but the way we played didn't help.
Or you know, that's the Mexico City game...
Lol
SPOOKY
I think we were better!!!!!!
lol
They're not your friend, *pal*
lmao
fuck these memes
RIP Meme Magic
The terrifying Seattle Parrots
These are dank as fuck
Disappointed NBC didnt use [this](http://i.imgur.com/06teOBz.jpg)
No they dont.
Yeah, the only team I see regressing is maybe Denver. The divison is going to be fucking terrifying next year.
:(
Bud Light jinxed it for Arizona
Lmao
Ajayi just wanted a hug
Fuck you Gary
Big Ben is a patient runner
Hoping Giants vs Packers is at least competitive.
amazing playcall
Yeah, these playoff games have been fucking horrible so far.
Go for it
How tf did he have that much time
They go on suicide watch if Giants win
Good Ole Playoff Manning
RIP Jordy
*commence 4th quarter manning*
gg
I'll be surprised if they beat GB(assuming you guys lose)
no
# THE PROPHECY WAS FALSE
Flair
Pats, Steelers, Falcons, Packers
With a fucking 3rd string QB lol
Texans to the Super Bowl
Packers vs Giants was alright for the first half, it all went to shit after that though.
An answer could not be found.
Cook isn't Brady... Patriots also have a way better defense
