sooooueeeeee
&gt; every single thread is full people talking about how unelectable he is. I'm seeing just as much proSanders shitposting. Someone just submitted a link to Bernie's campaign store page: http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/380pdl/bernie_sanders_campaign_launches_store/
&gt;But three new papers from the Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary Policy at the Brookings Institution challenge that popular assumption. The research, released Monday, finds little evidence that the Fed has widened the gap between the rich and the poor. If anything, the central bank has given the biggest boost to those in the middle. &gt;That’s because the largest asset held by most families is their home. When the Fed targets higher inflation, debt becomes cheaper -- and mortgages become easier to pay down. Those with the biggest mortgages relative to their income tend to be middle-class, middle-aged households, making them the winners in an era of easy money, argue Matthias Doepke and Veronika Selezneva of Northwestern University and Martin Schneider of Stanford University.
What does this mean?
There's really no debate. Putting the NSFW tag was a very nice thing to do as a lot of folks appreciate the warning and arguing it wasn't required is a bunch of silly, non proveable semantics.
I still don't get how it ended up in between the two concrete slabs? Am I missing something? It looks like the slabs collapsed on it?
I'm like, why would they move the trade deadline? Derp.
HAEGAR DOUBLE 3-0!
&gt;Lets hope our offense can get something going tonight. Your wish has been granted!
Something was definitely done.
boss cast dot net has a permanent link in the sidebar to espn two
revenge baby
&gt;Man I yelled so hard after that last out my neighbours probably thought I was demonic. I didn't need your yelling to think that! /dadjoke
&gt;[“I’ve never argued against any technology being used when you have an imminent threat, an active crime going on. If someone comes out of a liquor store with a weapon and fifty dollars in cash, I don’t care if a drone kills him or a policeman kills him.”](http://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2013/04/23/rand-paul-shockingly-now-supports-the-use-of-drones-on-us-soil-to-kill-americans-so-what-was-that-filibuster-thing-all-about/)
Bernie Sanders. The internet already got burned by ron paul so they can't look to randy as the new savior.
lol, you submitted a gamecast!!! I love it!
&gt;She already loosing ground to sanders faster than when Obama was running. False.
[The GOP loves chimps and that other guy](https://docdlp.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/reagan-bonzo.jpg)
&gt;Once we are adults, we should be able to use the word nigger in the proper context without No sweetie. That's not an adult thing. Adults have respect for other people and don't mind some good old politically correct rules that show respect for other people.
Dead link and it still got 15 upvotes. Good job Sanders brigade!
Stickied. Weigh in people!
Not really. This movement back and forth is an actual feature of a two party Democracy and has been going on since inception. Back in the day, say post WWII, conservatives had to move left as the country itself was feeling friskily progressive. And then after a few decades of feeling progressive, the people moved conservative in the 70s (as a reaction to what they deemed the excesses of progressive-ism) and we moved right. Thus we got Reagan and morning in America and deregulation and tax cuts and war on drugs, etc. And that movement is highly predictable and happening again as we speak. Notice all the polling of how the people are turning left and how in 2014 elections all the progressive shit did well despite the Democrats losing their elections. There's even long historical studies that show these movements have happened like clock work in America. My favorites being "Generations" and my favorite: &gt; Presidential Leadership in Political Time: Reprise and Reappraisal - Stephen Skowronek Which explores how Presidents actually react to this societal mindset and govern accordingly. Thus why Obama and Clinton had to govern as Republican-lite and use triangulation to get anything done in a highly conservative era. Explaining it as "Republicrats who work for billionaires" misses so much good scholarly and historical information that would really help a lot of Americans stop getting mired in the day to day of politics and start seeing the trends that are indelible.
The young folks on reddit don't want to believe that Democracy in a two party FPTP voting system really is a long game of patience and dedication to one party and the principles that you shove that party to adhere to. They want to think that progress happens fast and furious and one person will come along and make change lickity-split. But the truth is that Democracy such as ours is a slow mother fucking game and elections are about turning out a small sliver of the base and change comes when one side unifies and stays on message, doesn't attack itself and wins elections...over decades.
It wasn't just the Republicans and the religious right. America itself moved to the right in the 70s as a reaction to the huge post WWII progressive lurch and what America saw as liberal overreach. It's a natural movement in the continual back and forth between the two ideologies going on here since the beginning. And here we are again seeing the conservative era overreaching and becoming extreme, turning off Americans and forcing the whole shebang to the left. Poll after poll is showing this movement which is just how America rolls. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory
Stop being so cynical! Look how well Ron Paul did with reddit's support behind hi- oh wait...
&gt; Obama was much closer in the polls, had name recognition, is black, and had the support of some establishment democrats like Reid. Plus he had a political machine behind him (Chicago) that was one of the largest and best operations to ever make politics in America.
We've actually made huge progress on legalization in about 15 years (since Cali and MMJ). And that progress is speeding up each year. But attacking this other person and going on a tirade about how impatient you are just sounds silly.
&gt; Mushrooms do not have this effect at all. Nonsense. I did shrooms a lot in my day and have watched inexperienced users get all twisted in their heads and have to be talked down in very dramatic fashion from all sorts of bad trips (usually at concerts and such). The only difference is that in my day, the cops weren't shooting first and asking questions later. Also the reason you should always have an experience 'tour guide' when you trip.
It's very relevant and a good post. Don't listen to the grumps in this thread.
Grifters gotta grift.
But he was the figurehead of the start of that severe right wing lurch. He set the tone with starve the beast, tax cuts for the rich, government bad, welfare reform and all the other things that are now being abused and seen for the failures that they are.
&gt; Every call is recorded, every text, every forum is stored on a database and that database has to be searched; its like looking for a 3 x 5 recipe card in the library of congress or a specific pair of jeans in the Mall of America. Citation? Thanks!
Well, he was a liberal by today's standards when he was governor of California but had to make some pretty big shifts when becoming president. There's some great literature on how President, the ones that govern successfully, have to adopt the tenor of the times into their style or they get nothing done. America in the late 70s and early 80s was racing to the conservative side with aplomb so he was right at the start of one of these shifts. Makes sense that you are correct in your assertions and yet, so am I.
Breitbart gets killed automatically here for its long history of absolute garbage "journalism".
&gt; Republicans will 'spring back' from their extreme to appeal to new voters This is what will happen in a rather boring fashion as they open their tent, quietly eschew their extremes and reform their platform. Great write up, well said.
Actually the article referenced in your article has the detail: &gt;GCHQ and the NSA are consequently able to access and process vast quantities of communications between entirely innocent people, as well as targeted suspects. &gt;This includes recordings of phone calls, the content of email messages, entries on Facebook and the history of any internet user's access to websites – all of which is deemed legal, even though the warrant system was supposed to limit interception to a specified range of targets. http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/jun/21/gchq-cables-secret-world-communications-nsa Good stuff, thanks!
Sounds exactly like what is happening right now post Obama...
okay. What exactly have you done to advance the cause?
I very much doubt that. &gt;I neglect small needful tasks because I obsess over the big picture. Sometimes I just cannot get anything done. Plus anything mundane and routine makes want to puke. I haven't leaped this hurdle yet, but at least I know it's tripping me up. &gt;Edit: Oh yeah, I used to a HUGE know-it-all. I couldn't simply listen to a person. I had to chime in with an anecdotal relational story, or some corrective statement(Well actually....) Ugh I can still hear myself. That is one area I feel like I have done some good work. I know longer feel the need to do those things, and I can typically let a person walk away without their opinion and not feel the need to debate them. Dude. You are awesome. Hang in there and keep workin' on yourself.
Take care my friend.
Well, it does happen by more than people dying off. Believe it or not, our political history and process is much more nuanced than that.
All we need to know is that this sub actually broke 100 subscribers!!!! woohoo!
On reddit, it's the bad guy in everything to the 13-24 boys that use this place.
&gt;u.lolbroken - Fucking apes... Seriously over FUCKING because shoes they represent some shit gang that is not yours? There's the racism. Knew it wouldn't take long!
&gt; Millennials now have jobs too, and vote. they need to vote more and in bigger numbers &gt;Back in 2010, the last midterm election, fewer than a quarter of voters ages 18 to 29 showed up at the polls. This year (2014), it's looking even worse: 23 percent of voters under 30 are expected to vote. That's according to Eva Guidarini of the Harvard Institute of Politics, which studies young voters. http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2014/10/08/354187589/millennial-voters-are-paying-attention-so-why-don-t-more-actually-vote Voting in midterms is killing the left.
It's a concern troll and not a very good one at that. Engaging with that user is like asking to be trolled.
You avoided both my questions: A) why expand government into our lives for B) something we can show is not happening.
No idea why you need to call that human being a moron. It kills your point really.
&gt;People have a tough time with aggregate effect of small changes. Because Americans think they are rugged individuals and bristle at the truth that really, they are a herd animal and things like raising the smoking age or requiring vaccinations actually do a ton of good...for the herd.
&gt;this is an absolutely pointless overreach on the part of the government. No it's not: http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/12/us-usa-health-cigarettes-idUSKBN0M81VN20150312 &gt;Raising the minimum age to purchase tobacco products to 21 or 25 years old would significantly reduce their use and tobacco-related illnesses in the United States, a study published Thursday found, suggesting that states and local authorities should consider passing such laws. &gt;If the minimum age was raised to 19 years old, smoking prevalence would decrease 3 percent by 2100. It would decrease by 12 and 16 percent in the same period if the legal age was raised to 21 or 25 years old, according to the study conducted by the influential Institute of Medicine and a panel of experts. &gt;U.S. smoking rates have dropped sharply from 42 percent of the population in 1964 to 18 percent today. Along with many other measures aimed at curbing smoking during that period, states have established minimum legal ages, mostly at 18 years old. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which sponsored the report, cannot increase the minimum age to buy tobacco in the country from 18, but states and local authorities can do so. This is sound policy and saves money long term. You know, fiscal conservation. EDIT: that's it reddit. Downvote people adding information to the conversation.
You and me both. My day to day is so filled to the brim with "be here" and "do this" that I wonder how I function really. These unions are coming soon though. If I had the thought then in a world of 8 billion brains, several others have also.
Hit the wrong thread. Apologies.
I added it to the right thread. This is a good law.
You do, don't you?
barbehque? You seem like a one man/woman army?
"I make shit up because anything else would require actual work!" -- ToatsMcGoats9
&gt;why did transportation industries bother? I don't understand this. These figures are individuals and PACS lumped together. So maybe the individuals in transportation have a LOT less money than the very wealthy (by comparison) individuals in the finance industry? I think your framing of the question just seems odd. If you hover over transportation in the graph it pops up with 187,000(ish) from individuals and the rest from a PAC. So my guess if transportation just has less cash in it than other ones. As for the 'why bother' part, Why wouldn't they want to give if they like her and want her to win. 200,000 isn't chump change. It all adds up. Maybe I'm missing your point.
Sufjan is amazing. Great second date experience.
Be careful, those streets get a lot of folks looking to pray on tourists and whatnot.
Check out their positions: - Opposed to using the government shutdown and debt ceiling limit as negotiating tactics [11] - Supported the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA).[12] - Support for business globalization, free trade, and offshoring.[13] - Qualified opposition to financial regulation.[3] - The Chamber views some reform as necessary, but opposed the Dodd/Frank legislation that was passed, asserting that it would damage loan availability.[3] - Campaigned against portions of the Sarbanes–Oxley Act.[14] - Opposes the DISCLOSE Act, which aims to limit foreign influence on U.S. elections.[15] - Opposed the Affordable Health Care for America Act.,[3] - Opposes action on climate change. The Chamber believes that climate change is real, but disputes the scientific consensus that warming mostly results from human activity and questions whether anything can be done to reduce climate change. The Chamber emphasizes the economic impact of climate decisions.[16][17] - Supported the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Chamber_of_Commerce#Positions_taken IMHO them and ALEC need to be drop kicked into the Atlantic ocean. And if you don't know ALEC its even worse than the USCoC.
And he had one of the largest and most well disciplined political machines (Chicago) the country had ever seen. Bernie has a tiny fraction of the ground game Obama had in place when he started.
Oh I'm not one to poopoo a good smear but I'm saying some attacks are weak as fuck as these are, especially when you have better stuff. Like for instance, the dog thing with Romney was weak. The painting him as an unscrupulous hedge fund, vulture capitalist was a fucking brilliant attack. That's all. Have a great night!
What? Can't just have a nice conversation and have to turn it into a pissing contest. No wonder your post is dead in the new queue.
Anyone think he'll make it through the preseason roster trims?
&gt; He can do a lot of the dirty work that Sanders refuses to do. Why wouldn't he do it himself? Why does he need a lackey to do it?
Oh I agree about the entertainment personalities stuff 100%. Something about preening and getting catered to all the time turns their brains all wanky. Worse part of working in the industry often times. That and the hours. ugh.
History of Chafee's (R) to (D) switch: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2013/05/30/a-brief-history-of-lincoln-chafees-party-identity-crises/
Wow they have a few QBs: Barkley, Matt Bradford, Sam Kinne, G.J. Sanchez, Mark Tebow, Tim Probably has a chance with those meatballs.
RISP, RIP
AND JUST LIKE THAT I AM WRONG! HIT WITH RISP!!!! 3-0
3-0 Gators end of the first!!
Need to pile those runs on big time. Michigan is famous for their comebacks.
A sitting lame duck president to one that we've allowed their actions to spelunk down the memory hole? No contest!
Getting and runs with RISP is a huge get for this team lastly.
Bottom of the third, Haeger strikes out batter with bases loaded. Still 4-0 Florida! SOMEONE UPDATE THIS GUY. I HAVE TO GO!
Huge strike out to end the 3rd inning threat!
where in the living hell do you get this info? hahahahah!
He'd beat out Jesus Christ for Son of God by 10 points!
How exactly would you go about doing that? Specifically.
So the university is 'liberals'? Just more anti-PC hysteria which is much more visible and concrete than any of the fever dream PC people or organizations. I've been watching the anti-PC movement grow since the late 70s and to see it finally reach a fevered pitch is actually quite hilarious. Is there overreach on the PC front? Sure. Is there a lot of people with agendas using the anti-PC hysteria for their own ends. Oh yeah. See FOX News or reddit itself for the kind of screeching and whiny anti-PC nonsense that shows the movement has reached it's 'jump the shark' moment.
&gt;On Friday, 250 mostly armed “protestors against Islam” encircled a mosque in Phoenix, Arizona. Jon Ritzheimer, the organiser and avowed atheist, called the event a “patriotic sign of resistance” **against what he deemed the tyranny of Islam in America.** &gt;“My aim is to expose the true colours of Islam,” Ritzheimer told CNN’s Anderson Cooper. What tyranny of Islam in America is he talking about? Only tyranny i can see is American police officers, corporate America and the politicians they've bought. Other than that I see zero Islam tyranny.
I would love to see it reduced to like six months...along with getting private money out of the entire process. We can make whatever rules we want for our elections and getting the side show quality and insane barriers to entry with the money aspect would be my dream come true.
&gt; Sure looks like that education helped Obama understand the constitution.... When you have no argument, point at something else and make an unrelated point.
Hahaha! I used to have a metric system lunch box when I was little during those years when we were actually considering switching over...sometime in the 70s.
Be careful or he'll ban you from r/conservative...
So it's fine until they go over it. I don't like either but saying their unconstitutional is 100% personal opinion as you nor I are the arbiters of what is or isn't constitutional. Right. Yet you said: &gt;The Freedom Act is a direct violation of our 4th amendment to privacy
The far right is obsessed with social darwinism: [Social Darwinism is a modern name given to various theories of society that emerged in the United Kingdom, North America, and Western Europe in the 1870s, and which are claimed to have applied biological concepts of natural selection and survival of the fittest to sociology and politics.[1][2] Social Darwinists generally argue that the strong should see their wealth and power increase while the weak should see their wealth and power decrease. Different social Darwinists have different views about which groups of people are the strong and the weak, and they also hold different opinions about the precise mechanism that should be used to promote strength and punish weakness. Many such views stress competition between individuals in laissez-faire capitalism, while others motivated ideas of eugenics, racism, imperialism,[3] fascism, Nazism, and struggle between national or racial groups](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Darwinism) And the base of the GOP eats this kind of mean, fuck the poor, fuck the liberals shit right up.
Happens a lot more than people think. Never ever fuck with the people handling your food.
Probably to cover up their own inner self loathing by lashing out at strangers in a mocking comment.
Hell yeah!
Registering is creating the situation where you are able to exercise your right or privilege to vote. The government should bend over backwards and make the entire process easy and foolproof so that we can exercise that vote. We should also be able to vote online. Silly really.
"... are necessary to counteract a tide of laws aimed at making it more difficult for some people to vote." &gt;Like illegals, felons, cartoon characters and the dead. What are you saying? Are you saying illegals vote? Felons? The dead? Are you making reference to people jokingly putting fake names on registration forms? Are you saying daffy duck votes after some kid scribbles that on a registration form? Because none of that happens.
&gt;I've broken no rules and you disagree? Aren't you the one that told me to get a life? LOL Yeah you did. &gt;Don't ask for votes or engage in vote manipulation. http://np.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_what_constitutes_vote_cheating_and_vote_manipulation.3F that comment could totally be construed that way. FYI
No. He's a starve the beast, kill the unions, trickle down corporate hand out Koch sycophant member of the GOP. He's pretty much the devil. Plus he's got that beady eye thing going. Reddit hates weird looking people.
&gt; The problem with online is that it can be rigged through hacking. The real world process can be hacked just as bad.
Fine by me.
Absolutely. Most of the hate stuff on reddit is just that. venting. And the subject of the vent is less important than the actual source.
&gt;These kinds of articles don't add much. Of course they do. Right or wrong they get people talking about how politics in America shifts and cycles through different leans over time. Hell, it gives me the opportunity to throw down a link about the cyclical theory of politics: [The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historian Arthur Schlesinger to attempt to explicate the fluctuations in politics throughout American History. Liberalism and conservatism are rooted in the “national mood” that shows a continuing shift in national involvement between public purpose and private interest. Each of these cycles includes a phase of dominant public interest, a transition phase, and a phase of prevalent private interest.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory) I'll never understand how anyone would decry a thread where people are discussing something like this. There's great discussion here.
&gt;But can somebody please point me to a Republican objection to early (and/or more convenient) voting, or automatic registration, or any of these measures to increase voting, that is at all coherent? There isn't one. Folks'll come along in this very thread and say things like 'If you can't get to the polls on Tuesday then you don't deserve to vote'. But you won't get anything nearing a logical solid substantial argument. Source: everyone one of these threads in r.politics over the last 24 hrs.
I can prove it exists in such small numbers that it doesn't even affect a small local election. Would you like to see the mountains of evidence? The great thing is that that evidence was compiled by the last Bush administration over several huge elections and many years and they found so little it was stunning really.
You really shouldn't edit your post after I responded. Of course it exists. And when it does happen, in those ultra rare circumstances, it is caught and prosecuted. So why do we need to expand government with huge onerous voter IDs? That's my question.
Back in the day, accounts could accrue unlimited negative karma and then like a year or so ago, they capped it at negative 100. Sucks huh?
I'm just happy a thread about Japanese Buddhism came up and I'm not getting accused of being in a cult :D !!!
So the proper answer to your comment is: I don't care. cheers
&gt; That just seems like a cop out. Not for you to decide. Give people as much time as they need. The government should bend over backwards to make voting convenient. Everything in your comment is based on making voting some kind of painful austerity like duty. That's ridiculous.
That defense is special really. Just like softball.
2 more runs! Seminole meltdown!
Okay. Huge getting two outs with bases loaded. Let's turn this shit around now Gators!
WOAH!!!! JJJJJJJJ
JJ &lt;3
I went there for grad school. I actually rooted for them in basketball games against teams like Duke and UNC. Go ahead, let me have it!
Hahahaha! Bader just hit a home run 8-2!!!
Have their been a lot of haters?
In the ear with a corncob!
Welp congrats then.
What are they saying?
It's great...
WE DID IT!
OMAHA! Man this team is hittin' its stride at just the right time.
/thread
Ah look at that. The only really smart comment in the thread languishing at the bottom. Meanwhile, 'Go Bernie Go!' type tripe rides a wave to the top.
1st article shows zero corruption, second is a dead link: &gt;Oh, Noes! A 404!
&gt; oversee the destruction of Libya I see were down to making shit up?
And guess what right wingers? This kind of nasty ideological overreach in Wisconsin and many other red and purple states is exactly the kind of actions that lead to the long term backlash that will get a huge expansion of the welfare state. As has happened over in over throughout the history of this country, one of the two ideologies will overreach in their implementation causing a swing back in the other direction. This is one such overreach that will cause said backlash. Thanks Walker!
The right is in full on 'overreach' mode. And as we've learned throughout American history, this kind of overreach creates exactly the opposite reaction from the other side and regular Americans that expands the very things the overreaching side are trying to tear down. Welfare state, left wing activist judges, more taxes on top earners, more regulations...do you want more government? Because, right wing, that's how you get more government.
ITT: they pretend to support private sector unions and point their anger at public sector unions. Yet somehow in another thread they'll be talking about how good right to work laws are and attacking private sector unions under that guise. Don't fall for it. We the people need to not only support unions in ALL sectors but start thinking of new ways to unionize our collective power as the spenders. How about something like robust consumer unions where a million or so people point their purchasing power at corporations and say 'heel!'
Jesus dude, we get it. You think this is someone spamming. Give it a rest.
I know right! And in his 2008 campaign he promised us world peace and unicorns and that I would personally get a pny! THANKS OBAMA!
It's the Sanders supporters. They don't add anything, they just downvote.
Weird. This comment just popped up again in my mail as if it was brand new.
This makes me think Nader has a reddit account. Sounds very familiar, usually coming from negative karma accounts.
Will it be an all SEC vs ACC CWS?
&gt; i don't see why /r/politics[2] can't adopt that rule. Because they'd have to actually monitor threads. They stopped doing that a long time ago.
Probably a /r/HailCorporate user. They think everything is a marketing scam.
Take note of this bullshit Sanders supporters and remember it when you throw the same bullshit attacks at Hillary. It makes the entire process dumber and for nothing more than to tear down your supposed ally. Democrats and liberal and progressives have to stick together because this country has got to keep moving left if anything is to ever be accomplished.
&gt;Typical response from the party of hate. Please stop saying that line Captain. That user did no such thing and your response is sounding very canned.
&gt; I mean....won't this be every election? The majority party will always have more seats to defend. It's all about wave elections in the Senate: 2008 Democratic wave = 2014 heavy Democratic losses 2010 Republican Tea Party wave elections = 2016 heavy GOP losses
But muh Laugher Curve?
Cept ain' t no one laughing but the rich!
Florida vs other team. Florida wins it all.
Lucky for me, I like Sanders and Hillary and am able to parse their decisions, careers and campaigns without an all or nothing, black and white angry obsession. I can enjoy supporting both candidates in this discovery phase while avoiding sounding like a a silly teenager.
Not really, we're used to seeing such libertarian claptrap and just ignore it.
Congrats! What a great day for you!
Is sicking predatory lenders on 18 year olds compulsory? Is drumbeating into their heads the need for college or else, compulsory? Or how about the massive frauds of the 90s when lenders were caught paying off aide counselors at schools to lie to students and steer them to subsidized loans instead of grants and work study. Or are the massive fines that can double your base amount owed should you have any issue that would keep you from paying like sickness or mental illness while tightening bankruptcy laws compulsory? Same nonsense attitude as cutting food stamps or aid for the elderly or helping the mentally ill. America loves its fuck you, got mine attitude even if it means destryoing the lives of our up and coming generations.
You handled that really well. Make sure you give yourself a pat on the back for holding your boundaries AND being a compassionate person to your mother.
Right now? I'm at work! Ah fuck it, I'm in.
I wish so bad but no, I'm just being a smart alec. I'm stuck in SoCal just dreaming of spending the next week watching games and partying like a rock star. Please have a few for me!
One downvote does not rise to the 'subscribers' of /r/politics
Is that a burger? Yep, now I'm hungry for a double double...
I find arguments like yours are usually spewed by folks better described as 'born on third base, thinks they hit a triple'. Chew on that.
&gt; On top of all that she is way more hawkish that Obama Can you be specific? Other than the rhetoric of a woman having to act tougher than a man reaching for the highest office, her and Obama are virtually exactly the same on foreign policy.
Look at this thread and others, just Bernie puns and fanboi circklejerking. They don't read the articles, they come to downvote Hillary!
&gt;The first one was over 2500. Now I wonder what group of people would vote shit like that to the top? Hmmm...
How can I miss you if you won't leave?
I'm sure this post will rocket to the top! /s
&gt;The difference is that Bernie is a good guy and people see that about him. Ron Paul was not such a good guy. I'm not talking about likability, I'm talking about smart marketing. This is about the supporters and campaign people (who use this sub a lot.) &gt;What was backlash against Paul will only be momentum for sanders. What? I said Ron Paul not Rand? &gt;And he is already so much bigger than Obama was at this time. What? You're just making things up. Never mind...
This attack is repeated in every thread and is really weak.
I don't know. I'm sure there are studies that would answer that. I do think the system in the US is more about fits and starts and ends up creating progress even when it seems dead in the water, but I just don't know. Something interesting though is the theory about the cycles that America repeats like clock work: &gt;[The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historian Arthur Schlesinger to attempt to explicate the fluctuations in politics throughout American History. Liberalism and conservatism are rooted in the “national mood” that shows a continuing shift in national involvement between public purpose and private interest. Each of these cycles includes a phase of dominant public interest, a transition phase, and a phase of prevalent private interest.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory) That and books like "Generations" by Strauss and Howe show how at every level of our society is a shared mindset that cycles back and forth from progressive to conservative over and over. So I guess I would like a better system but totally believe if we vote, we can make huge differences.
We'll know more in the fall too. The percentage becomes clearer as the winter gets closer. This time last year I think it was a high percentage as well and then dropped dramatically through the summer. Crosses fingers.
&gt; Still hard to believe that Carroll who is so laid back, is a 9/11 Truther. Really? Like thermite, jet fuel can't melt steal beams truther? TIL...
Attack = she's not saying anything, hiding Why it's dumb is because: - her positions are the most picked apart positions of anyone save Obama - she's given 4 policy speeches and has another coming nest week - 90% of America doesn't give a shit about the race yet. So its falling on internet only's ear. I have no idea how you went from me saying something is a weak attack to talking about campaign finance or why we have to lop someone's head off. I'm just gonna leave you to it...
Why would it start working now? Nobody but the internet 10% are paying any attention and the real world has heard it all before. Clinton scandal fatigue works in funny ways. Bill's approval during and post impeachment was like 63%?
&gt; could only joebiden save them all? He does have a camaro so...maybe?
Oops, I don't think he or she thought that one through!!! lol
*Still holding breath*
Scratches ass.
/jerk It's so weird to have gone through this in real life. Being in my 40s I abandoned my love for music and put my consumption on cruise control for AOR music stations and just rehashing 70/80s rock, ignoring modern music. Then I got hit on the head so to speak and it reawakened my love for new music in the mid 00s. I eschewed nostalgia for exploration and over the last decade have found that we are in a rock/indie renaissance that easily rivals the 60/70 music explosion. Now I have my 40s aged friends come along and 'today's music sux' etc etc and I try and give them stuff that should be knocking their fucking socks off (Mount Eerie, Grizzly Bear, Deerhunter, Interpol, Sufjan, war on drugs, etc etc) and they just shrug and say 'meh' and return to bitching about how there's no music in the era like Zeppelin and Pink Floyd, smh Getting old and nostalgia is a trap a lot of people fall into. Rail against it my friends. Fight, fight again the dying of the light!
Aw man :( I jelly. Represent for us, 14789632! And have on for me!
Wow, college baseball is really starting to arrive. Grantland, huh?
I dig through all the music sights like Pitchfork, Sterogum, Tiny Mix tapes etc. But I really rely on one of my favorite subs: http://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads So fucking cool and those folks there are pretty chill. I also just did a lengthy write up for another user. Check it out: http://www.reddit.com/r/lewronggeneration/comments/39kmv3/rip_real_music/cs4ecue This is just a fraction.
I am totally addicted to the album hooked me and I'm obsessed thing. And its so wonderful to feel that feeling of discovery and newness. Have fun!
So you came here looking for comments to mock? I think that says a lot about you, not r.politics.
Libs are trash? That's quite the username.
So really, you have no idea why it was removed? Duly noted.
We both surmised what that meant and you started yelling at me that I was wrong. We're talking past one another. Not too much fun. cheers.
&gt; my version is literally what they said. You are going in circles now. "Not up to snuff" could mean bad content, could mean it leaned too far left, could mean that it was internal drama. Spin spin spin
Fuck no they don't. That's your job!
&gt;racketeering suit filed in March by Larry Klayman of Freedom Watch. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Klayman He sues everyone. he's sued the Clinton's 18 times alone. He's sued : Ground Zero mosque Facebook Esquire magazine Rachel Maddow SEAL Team 6 NSA Ebola he's Freedom Works...
&gt; none of the indie stuff I like really have much room for guitar playing. What? That's an awfully huge generalization considering how much music is being created right now. Sorry to be blunt but it sounds like the same kind of excuse making that they jump through.
I didn't know we were doing conspiracy theories. here's mine: He's doing this to give the Democrats running in 2016 something to separate themselves away from him on, a way to say, 'I opposed the President and am not in lockstep with him'.
&gt; I think he's a little too much left Cruz is too far to the left?
Ambient has blown up the last few years. Crazy how popular its become.
Here's the list of how they harassed people: http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/39c0n3/cmv_reddit_was_wrong_to_ban_rfatpeoplehate_but/cs27yt4?context=3
Here's the list of their nonsense: http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/39c0n3/cmv_reddit_was_wrong_to_ban_rfatpeoplehate_but/cs27yt4?context=3
I've been on this site a long time and those same kind of users have been here in much smaller groups, harassing people and generally treating people like shit. Now they've grown bigger and more emboldened and are once again shitting all over the place. I've built wonderful communities I love but can't even tell people to use reddit because of this scumbag baloney. I've introduced girls to this place that left running and screaming at the sick and diseased mindset that permeates this place. FPH is the first of many that will be booted from this private commerce website, If reddit wants actually growth in the monetary variety it has to make people feel safe and FPH was the opposite of that.
&gt;Fuck that. This website was made for the people, not for the fucking money. Sell-outs, that's all Pao and the rest of the board has become. The real world says different. This is not your sandbox dude, this is an expensive and rapidly growing website someone put years of work and million of dollars into. Hopefully all the kids go elsewhere and leave the adults to build communities and add value here. Whining about SJW fever dreams really doesn't add any value.
Having boundaries in general is really important in life and especially dating. If it's important to you then go with it.
Liberals and midterm turnout gave you 2014. A good win for the right but it has absolutely zero bearing on 2016. 2016 will be more affected by who is in power of both houses being turned on and POTUS election left wing turnout which is much higher for POTUS elections. My prediction (and an easy one): - Hillary - Dems take back Senate because the GOP is defending the purple seats won in the 2010 tea party election (24 GOP versus 10 for Dems) - GOP keeps house but its by 6-8 seats. That's just nationally.
&gt; By trying to stay out of the press on every controversial issue Clinton is increasing Americans distrust. You mean that's how YOU feel? Because unless you've done polling on this, you don't really speak for "Americans".
&gt;108 subscribers lol
Reagan was at the right time and the right place. He was a California liberal union man that morphed ala his excellent acting skills, into the Republican union busting, anti-government lie. Reagan rode the natural American cyclical wave that was flowing back to the right after being hugely liberal post WWII. As naturally happens in American in remarkably repetitive fashion, the collective mindset was sick of liberalism's overreach - the hippies, the free love, the expanding welfare state, the huge regulatory apparatus - and America pushed back. So Reagan rode that wave of anti-regulation, anti-government, anti-tax and supply side religious fervor all the way to a landslide. But it wasn't his doing. He was but the actor chosen for his clearly defined persona cultivated by that same liberal Hollywood that right wingers like to deride. I'm sure Reagan was pleasant fellow and I am sure he did plenty of good things but, he was not a saint nor was he a visionary. He was a product of smart political minds that understand how America shifts and took advantage of that predictable movement. ----------------- And oddly enough, here we are 40 years later beginning the exact same kind of cyclical movement back to the left after so much right wing overreach - massive tax cuts, land wars, financial fuckery due to deregulation, killing unions - and all that overreach is creating the movement back to the left just like it did in the late 70s/early 80s. Welcome to the burgeoning new progressive era. RIP Reagan and Morning in America!
Niche sub is niche!
Okay, how is any drama ever gonna top the fattening? Have we reached the apex? Is it time to retire this sub? I cannot even imagine what would have to happen to top this cluster of fuckery.
I've been arguing with people in political subs too much. I can't figure out if your being mean or love me! Either way, I'm going to get a beer. Good luck in your game this weekend.
http://dailysignal.com/2015/01/15/political-startup-ranks-conservative-liberal-2016-candidates/ Cruz and Rand Paul are the farthest right candidates.
Will there be a blimp?
Reddit did this with Ron Paul as well. You can't use reason or facts in these threads.
Hillary had more votes than Obama and lost by a sliver delegate margin.
This comment is closer to science fiction than any kind of reality.
&gt;Only a complete idiot would vote for this wench. There's simply no other explanation. You have to be a complete and utter idiot to ignore everything she actually does and still think she's a good candidate. Ah, "wench"? There's that factless, childish, immature garbage that makes reddit sound like a middle school cafeteria.
