I've legit had a tan since end of February/early March. Vancouver what! ;)
Title makes it. Bravo.
Looks like my bedsheets in a pile. What a shit sculpture.
Brilliant
My galaxy s6 Lifeproof case fell apart in multiple areas within a couple weeks. Rubber around camera peeling, screen cover really marked up, rubber around sides peeling, audio jack cover kept on falling off (eventually lost), mini USB cover chipped twice and no longer closes, back cover completely scratched up - Do not waste your money on them!!!
They're all over he world. Seriously, go outside.
5pm
Fuck, really need to get this octoclick spasm checked out eh.
Chantelle is one lucky woman.
You think more people being born is a good thing?
Cananida
Hmm, a gas station coffee, or a yard of ham? Decisions.
Maybe she should of picked a better place to take him then?
Ah, thought the same!
Asshole is the new pussy
I don't understand how you could be T-boned on a single-laned rode unless you were blocking an intersection.
Repost
We live in the future. This is awesome.
What did they say?
This was mandatory in the Canadian curriculum when I was growing up.
I came here to say this sub is always Mt Ranier /Mt Hood.
Wow that's ridiculously cheap. Average house price in Vancouver, BC is now $1-million.
Subscribe
Lol. I only seem to date taller long-legged women, but this is pretty funny.
Fuckin Steve
Even though they're going to decemate half their countryside (including the largest fresh water lake in Central America) building the world's largest canal?
Looks like Gaudi
Best
It really seems at this point, from am international perspective, that this state is really saying FU to the rest of the "republic", and just doing what they want. Hell yeh.
This is actually the legit fact.
Seems like 100% whining in the industry though. Source: 1) just finished construction on a software company office. 2) this thread
Found the American
- Woof! - Damn straight!
Wait, SK doesn't have daylight savings?
Well in this time, China industrialized rapidly, and Canada developed techniques to extract oil from the tarsands, so you do the math. Otherwise they would be on par with the States.
Ketchup Maine lmao
It triggers me seeing this buffoon have more money than me, someone trying to make an honest living.
I have been there 3x and therefore have never questioned it's existence. I have never met a Belgiumist, but am intrigued. When are the meetings?
Or speak.
The irony here is that I pay my rent via my internets
Pretty sure you would of been fine with safe n sound and regular drywall.
I'd say in the next year or two you literally won't be able to buy any property for &lt;$1MM in Vancouver. Edit: Less than
They said the same when George W Bush got elected the first time.
I was throwing a roll of tape up into the air repeatedly yesterday whilst talking to my boss until I missed it and hit the work truck. He did not look impressed. I've been interested to know if these things work.
I find this extremely interesting.
Ah, the American education system at its finest.
A lot of American chains Canadianize their logos.
Rest In Peace in piece?
Also first thought.
Hopefully statements like this will deter religious extremists from committing such violent acts.
Blat blat with a cat
This reminds me of the "newest STL superfan" that went viral. "This sport is awesome and insane! What's happening?!"
Great response.
But if they end up getting a pens goalie....
Canucks trade their first round pick.
As I said earlier, Canucks trade their first round pick...
I'm not going to add fuel to the fire, because I've never met the guy personally, but I know his old classmates, and people in WPG... I wouldn't pay anything more than a prove-it deal.
As a Habs fan, I endorse this comment.
This is why we buy Kovy.
This post is so incredibly accurate. I commend the poster for an obviously experienced, but also well-formulated two-cents. Great post.
I mean, the real question here, is what sort of box do you opt for when you international-ship a prize horse.
*drones FIFY
Yikes. They probably will. Martyrdom-an-all.... That's a real scary thought.
Terriby written, this article is.
Womp womp
Face palm. You don't literally eat the bud.
Don't worry, teens suck. You're about to enter the prime of your life. Be excited!
People are so judgmental.
I've read that a rough NHL:KHL ratio is 1:0.80. Edit: corrected auto-correct
Sounds more like the AWESOME train if you ask me.
A handful of protesters picket on Saturday's up by the chicken factory at Commercial and W Georgia.
THIS is peak Vancouver
70% of people on the trails in the city. Another 20% opt for flip flops instead.
Yes, we totally do: Sydney Funnel Web Spider: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_funnel-web_spider Redback Spider: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redback_spider Tiger Snake Bite Melbourne: https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jan/06/tiger-snake-bites-father-and-son-in-their-melbourne-home Is Venomous: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_snake Not to mention the sharks, crocodiles, really scary jellyfish, and the most dangerous of all, dropbears. At this point, I'm either failing to see your sarcasm, or convinced you really ARE the Tourism Board of Australia.
Oops I just posted something similar. Kudos! :)
Death by snoo snoo
This comment applies to m-BOOOM
Yeh, they got it from the French, who are still the masters. The rest of the English (for America, "English")-speaking world has already implemented said sense of humour. If you are unaware, you should check out American political comedy by the LEGENDARY John Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Bill Maher, Seth Meyers, British ex-pat John Oliver, Canadian ex-pat Samantha Bee, etc, etc. Some great stuff. I'm sure others can add. Case in point, he's getting hammered at home, comedy-wise, too. He's seriously done-gone fucked up international relations with Europe to the point that he's not welcome. THAT is no joke. Unless you're not American. I personally find the empire-to-ashes scenario fucking #hilarious
It's the only special of his I actually find slightly funny at some parts, and this is specifically one of those moments. Otherwise, I'm not a dad (that I know of), nor balding and rounding 50 (that I know of), ,and find his material completely unrelatable. I honestly have no idea why he's considered an icon. On the flip, he's dope as for nulling scalped ticket numbers in Vancouver, cuz, fuck scalpers. What a boss. Full support.
Will admit I haven't watched wrastling since about 1991, once I was 9 and found out it was fake, along with Santa. Is wrastling a 3hr tv show now?! I zone out for actually sports. Can't imagine watching the Ultimate Warrior v André the Giant for 3 hours! Edit: jk, I know they're gone and it's really sad cuz they were as awesome to me at 9 as monster trucks and the ninja turtles were.
Chapter 34: Don't fuck up the promotion you've been waiting for the last decade.
That is going to be a really long poop
Brilliant
... #Feminism
Meanwhile in Poland, the Domesday Accord led to a Spanish inquisition.
Close enough
#drugzrbad Edit: hashtag, not bold text
I don't get this one. Please enlighten me? Edit: NM, sorted it out
Anyone can get that degree online these days anyway
Hypnotisk.
We're gonna need one of those Costco-sized jars here compadrés.
We wash our ziplocks.
Let me introduce you to the concept of spending all your money on alcohol.
Jar of peanut butter + spoon = you
Wow so cheap! Source: Ex Toronto, current Vancouver (we feel your pain).
If you enjoy beer, we have a tonne of craft breweries in the city. Check out East Van, the subculture hub. Walk north up commercial from Broadway, do a brewery tour at the end (Parallel 49, Bomber, Off the Rail, Strange Fellows &amp; more are all in close vacinity to each other).
Found the kiwi.
I don't get it
I do! I never got any swag on either of my buses this morning :(
Plot twist: Those weren't Translink employees
The last couple times I've applied for jobs some companies haven't even bothered to call or email a decline. How times have changed indeed.
They do a GIANT corn maze every fall outside Vancouver with craft breweries serving beer at bars in within the maze. Even our corn maze is max hipster.
I tried 7 different services for my Galaxy S6 (locked to Fido) when I went overseas. None of them could provide me with a code, and had horrible horrible customer service, if any at all. Most of the sites kept my money for several days/weeks until I threatened reporting them to the authorities. Several of the websites were run by the same person - I consider it to be a scam.
ZEPPELIN RUUUUULLLEEESSS!
DICK-tation. I wanted to be DICK-tator but this bloke in year 12... Became DICK-tator
Because they didn't want their personal info compromised?
Nunchuck skills, axe throwing skills....
Hi, male here, this is exactly what I wrote, but deleted in fear of sounding like a horrible person. Thank you for being a voice of reason. Unless she explicitly (literally my words too) told or motioned for you to stop, how are you to know? Of course "no means no". But you have to say "no" in some sort of way first. Not sure if it's a good idea, but have you tried reaching out to her to talk about it? Tough break. Just don't ever make advances towards women. That's my solution. Let them make the first move.
That's all teachers do. Source: dating(ish) one.
I can video chat with someone half way across the world for free on my touch screen pocket computer.
Can't tell if really dumb or really witty (craft beer doesn't come in "30-packs").
As I said in the beginning, this was all planned with the shake up. Didn't Bettman even use the excuse that "The conferences are uneven as is" to deny QC a team? Such bull...
Bettman asked teams not to leak
Still a stupid name
The amount of complaining I've heard about it being hot in Phx... It's almost like it's a stupid idea to live in the desert!
Really? I find it the same as other political capitals I've been to (Ottawa, Canberra, etc) in that it is fairly boring. Night life is ok I guess.
Because malls are doing so well these days...
Who cares?! Especially considering the Aquilini's are notorious assholes.
It's the racism I disagree with.
Yeh the city really deserved it in comparison.
Haha great stuff
I've never ever seen that.
(CLB)
I mean but seriously it looks rigged. Didn't see that happening for QC or WPG ...
And then Roy came along and goalies learned how to goaltend.
I feel like they will be trying to now.
It's so good, but I can never watch any more than the first verse.
The best case scenario is that they move back to Quebec where the owners would care....
I feel like the Habs would take a gamble on him. Also need scoring. Have wanted to reunite him with former teammate Galchenyuk the last couple years as they had mad chemistry in junior.
And he would of gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you meddling kids!
Thanks, TIL about deferred contracts!
I'd imagine at least 90% of the younger NHLers are bro's... "jock" is pretty synonymous with "bro" IMO.
Yes, definitely will take all the help we can get.
We have. Open your eyes.
Please no.
Well it was in the USSR, which was a different country.
Came for the hockey news, still turns into a rant about how high housing prices are here. Touché.
Me too. CLASSIC.
Thanks for sharing! Great idea. I would send gold-for-coasters, personally.
Yes. Beard power.
Wait, was going to make an NSW joke... But your Newtown comment... So this hockey themed beer is in Australia?!
It is. The French (France) gave taken a shine to it too.
Coming from a Torontonian?
Brilliant.
Or used M. Knife Shamaylan. Alright I'll see myself out.
I was waiting for them to interact. I have no idea how you keep your train of thought with someone talking right next to you for that long!
FINALLY. I'VE FOUND YOU SOULMATE.
Pitchforks?
That's some Chuck Norris level shit right there.
I watched the first episode and it screamed Indy. It was a bizarre interview format. I wasn't a fan, but in all fairness maybe I didn't give it a chance.
Nailed it.
I'll add one nobody will probably suggest: F-Zero 64. Great racing game.
Jesus. I'm starting to believe the conspiracies that he IS immortal...
Fuck being "cool". Just be you. That's "cool" to me. And I'm cool.
showerthoughts
"If we vacuum less, nobody will want to come visit" *-The aliens, probably*
That's very sweet of you. I love playing gift tricks on people! I once came home for Christmas after travelling for many years, and I almost killed my mother via heart attack. Still worth it.
Contact the band. Relay your gripe. They'll prolly hook you up.
Goddamned you. Make me upvote a Leafs fan and everything?!
Story Czech's oot.
Definitely Germanic. Not Swedish by any means, as it didn't follow the traditional Scandinavian naming structure of "*_son", or "son of _". But, European nonetheless. So close enough. Not being a dick, just saying. :) Edit: wordssons
IF I HEAR ANOTHER LEAFS FAN SAY THAT THEY WERE A LIFER, I'M GOING TO SMACK THEM WITH THEIR CROSBY/OILERS JERSEY SO HARD, THEY'LL ADMIT TO BEING A LEAFS FAN
SEE YOU IN QUEBEC CITY IN FIVE YEARS
ONE TAVARES SIGNING RIGHTS FOR A SLIGHTLY USED PACIORETTY PLEASE
NOT SORRY
Uh no. Atlantic by far.
Wouldn't be the first time I've heard it's popular amongst the biker crowd.
This guy repeats second grade
Is anyone?!
Have you checked yamkipedia?
Depends on one's definition of "shithole" really, doesn't it?
Sorry about that. Was a life goal.
Amazing.
I mean, they were, you just haven't got to that time yet.
Toronto is the centre of the universe. Half of the regional media don't even know Dallas has a hockey team.
Classic. I can never get past the *wipe the equipment off after use* part though.
I have travelled fairly extensively, giving up most of my material possessions along the way - but this makes me miss my old systems! And don't listen to the jerks, it's not the size of the tv that matters, but what you do with it! ;D
Hey, you gotta stay one step ahead of the game.
I flew them last year, everyone spoke English.
If anything, hopefully this makes the lineup go faster therefore creating a higher demand for burger flippers. Probably not though.
LPT: Save money for a car. BONUS LPT: Save money.
DJ on the peak speculated he'd run for Premier.......
*taps nose in affirmation
The logo is a broken jpg symbol
They'll prolly cele more tbh. This could actually be an exciting tourney.
No Doan either.
I see your point. But, these athletes generate billions in revenue. They could of maybe split the insurance costs and then the players could represent their countries, the NHL could get international attention, and the Olympics would of probably generated far more revenue.
And the Swedes, Fins and Russians... What are we looking at here?
I not gonna lie... This one wooshed me for a minute. I'm now left questioning my reading comprehension skills.
Thank god I'm already on the toilet.
Very sad. Mental illness is very real. I wish him the best of luck, and hope he finds inner peace.
That duck pond just be deeper that it looks...
Lol @ oilers comment
I think Friedman deserves it. He's very professional. I can't comment on Marek as I'm not too familiar with him.
It looks like a VERY happy (male) rabbit
Yeh this is why this wasn't an accident. They were testing you.
I don't use the term "hero" very often...
I paid $65CAD at the game store 😐
Seconded. I will go out of my way to buy this coffee.
Do any of those teams have decent puck-moving LHD prospects?
