Went to a wedding earlier this year where the Various Nefarious were playing. Absolutely mind blowing.
Kings Canyon, Northern Territory. On the way out we kept on laughing at the couples coming back in. No talking, no smiling, just stern determination on their faces. 6 hours later, we were that couple.
It was about 4 years ago and the middle of your summer. I was a lot better looking back then, so maybe? :)
Even in my belly! Seriously, the best liquorice in the world. Got hooked when my brother worked for neg micon, would always bring back the good stuff.
Yes. Exactly like that! What is it?
So excited, he's shouting?
11 years this year and your advice still holds in our house. Why split the chores? It's my house too, my kids too and just as I like having free time to myself at night, my missus does too! my input on the question: do be true to yourself, don't forget there's another half to your entity now.
Thanks, man. You've stilled the troubled waters of my soul. :)
**quite different from what I've found here in Australia. I think the sensation was a combination of this and some top-notch softis. It's so hit and miss with the quality of the soft-serve here.
Or as expensive! Blew my mind when we bought 4 slices of cake and 4 muffins for my daughter's 5th birthday and it cost AUD$80. Regardless, 10/10 would visit again.
No shoes, no service.
Read your comment, had a chuckle and thought "my wife says the same thing about me". Then looked at your username and went "Holy Fucking Shit! Is she on reddit?". Then I had to trawl you history to make sure you weren't her (sorry!). Good news everybody, /u/LivinginAdelaide is not my wife.
Ssh! Maybe. I have young kids. Does anyone with young kids really "live"?
You want to get stabbed through the heart? Because that's how you get stabbed through the heart.
Pilot: Ground, this is VH134 request clearance for runway 21. Ground: Repeat VH1..wwwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! Pilot: VH134, I repeat, VH134! Ground: Roger VH1...wwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Classic Indiana Jones.
Eminent Domain sounds like it will fit the bill too. Recently played it with the Escalation expansion and found it thoroughly enjoyable. Has the Lead/Follow role selection mechanic with deck building. It's possible for the engine to be kicked in first turn if you're particularly keen and the strategy you want is evident in the lay of the planets. Otherwise, it's in play by the third turn at the latest. No spatial reasoning required at all. Turns are quick and there are clear end game conditions. Sometimes it feels too quick, but there are optional ending conditions to increase the game length.
Shut yer cockholster. That's a complete fucking fabrication, you dick mouthed galah.
A crossfitter, a vegan and an atheist walk into a bar. All the other patrons left.
Gave it away when she asked him "Are you ready to go?" and he replied "I've been eagerly waiting for it all day!"
I'm not a conspiracy theorist normally, but I don't see this going away through any sort of law reform. Why? Because cash can't be traced (easily). I'd bet there are powerful lobby groups on behalf of big business that are telling the government it's a great way to offset the costs/bonuses of law enforcement agencies while encouraging the populace to move to a cashless society where the tax people can trace transactions and the NSA can build a better monitoring program. You know who else it benefits? The guys the lobyists represent - the guys who put together all your information and spending habits to better target you.
Yes! It was the single go to sport for me in every Winter Olympics compendium on any game platform ever. My obsession caught on and it became the go to tournament between me and my friends when playing.
The three Rs: redaing, riting and arthitmitc.
1: continued 2: about 3 3: about 3 4: exactly 2 5: no.
Maybe not this weekend, but will be there in December. Enough of the 20 hour flights already.
Just one more validation of my choice to not read that pile of tripe any more.
I just drove through Niantic... didn't see any unicorns on coats of arms.
Lol, I was playing with the town of Niantic, Connecticut. I'm an aussie who's holidaying in the states, just drove down from Boston to NY via Niantic. Niantic is also the name of the company/google that makes Ingress. Thinking of the nyan cat. I dunno. Grasping at straws? :)
I was drunk.
Did the box get a trailer all to itself or did it have 50 odd suitcases piled on top of it?
What happens when you're visiting a cold climate city in winter time and you don't want to be cold, but you just need to stand?
You rolled high on the intimidation and persuasion checks with the first encounter. Please, please be careful with the second one. Hit the cops up with the new information.
To give another anecdote about why Telstra was so bad for Australia: For a long time, Telstra operated the only cable that linked Tasmania (that big island south of the mainland :) ) to Victoria. I worked at Internode during this time and can tell you it was cheaper for us to pump data over to the states than across to tassie. The Tasmanian government weren't having it and built their own link... that then sat dark for years while political and corporate forces held them down.
entering. smells like a scam, tastes like shazaam!
Rest in peace in peace overweight prostitute?
The War Zone by Tim Roth.
Playing Twilight Imperium 3. 12 hours of boardgaming goodness.
Married 12, two kids - 6 &amp; 9. I was 30 when we had the first one, wife was 33. She wanted kids, she thought there was more to life. I grew up in a big family and always thought I'd have kids, but never felt like we were ready. Realised that I'd never feel ready and that I wanted them, so it was as good a time as any. First year was amazing. Cut back to 4 days a week work, one solid day looking after the baby each work week, and it was fantastic. Second year, major depression (work burnt me out and the kid just didn't sleep). Third year, the next one comes. At this point I realised that all the time I was thinking it was hard having a single kid, you've got no idea how hard it is until you have 2. (Have heard that 3 is even harder then with 4+ you've got the game mechanic sorted out, the engine ticking over nicely, and it all gets easier.) Anyway, decided that 3 is just going to be too expensive (we like being able to afford holidays). I've got to tell you, having kids is a blast. It's hard work. They take time, energy and money. Each Saturday and Sunday morning is spent taking the kids around to various commitments they have. Then, twice a week in the evenings, one of us is out of the house until 8-9pm taking the daughter to her dancing. Spare time ~~and spare money~~ is effectively nil. (Re-reading this, I realise that they don't drain all our money. Yes, I'm not buying a new computer every year, but we are taking a couple of week long road trips every year around Australia and fly back to the states at least every second year.) But I fucking love it. Watching them come up with their own observations on the world is fantastic and seeing them develop their own mental model of how the world works is an absolute delight to behold. It's hard listening to my daughter jabber on. She makes up the most fantastical stories. Talks for fucking hours and, much to my disgust, takes her books into the toilet. My son has a much more technical mind. The wife is often out for work (higher paying executive role) in the evenings or interstate for business, the kids just pull their shit together and we operate the household like a well-oiled machine. There's bedlam and there's laughs. There are tears and there are smiles. It is that bad and it is that good. With kids, the gamut of life expands. You lose time, but you gain joy. You lose the luxury of being self centered, but you gain a steadfast knowledge that you'd give your life for theirs. They teach you a new dimension of love and bring another dimension of happiness. You know that you're going to make decisions that now involve a lot of compromise, but others are going to be thinking of you. I guess what I'm trying to say is this: they change your life, they don't end it. How you adapt to that change is the telling of how you're going to be as a parent. Good luck! :)
Every time I think about being a parent I'm reminded of that science fiction story where an ascendant being helps another being ascend to their level. Then, when the newly ascended asks "what's next?" the first being replies "I don't know.". Now, if I could only remember what story that was.
Really? I'll have to watch it. Thanks.
The few arguments I've told my close friend about are the ones where I've been the jerk and was cognisant that my position was irrational. Luckily, it was, few, so I don't come off as being an arsehole. :)
Nah, even if he was a New Zealander, we still would have claimed him in the headline.
Over-pressurization? I understand the concept. Where's the extra air coming from? Is there a chemical oxygen generator on board?
Two copies of Monopoly? He should ebay one of those. At least, they're out of the way in a place that implies: inconvenient to reach, hardly ever played.
Just finished a 12 hour TI3 game this weekend. In retrospect, I can clearly see where I threw the game, but still finished with a great sense of satisfaction. Landlords of Waterdeep (with the expansion) is a great game for those looking to step up from the "lighter" games and introduces other mechanics nicely.
I am part of a weekly boardgaming group and we go away for a boardgaming weekend 2-3 times a year. We've made the agreement that TI3 no longer gets played at those weekends, rather we pencil in a Saturday outside of our regular times months in advance. The lead time serves to both appease our partners and provide ample time for people to trash talk and think out strategies.
I was going to call you out on that as I had bought VB in Washington DC. It seems the Brickskeller has closed, though :(
[The Grind](http://www.thegrind.com.au/) have their base of operations in a warehouse in Hendon and are always roasting whenever I pop in to pick up a bag. I think they roast all their beans. They've an outlet in the Central Markets. Often speak with the owners when I go in, all the staff are knowledgeable and can ask the right questions to get you a bean that's after your palate. Have been going there for 5 years and will not go anywhere else.
To clarify - the sync speed (which is the speed at which the modem can talk to the DSLAM in the exchange) is a function of the quality of the copper phone line. Then there's throughput which is a function of congestion and/or rate limiting of the data flowing across the link. (e.g. your ISP has limited backhaul to the exchange, so your throughput is slowed down; the webserver you're downloading from has a crappy connection, so it can't pump data to you as fast as your connection can handle it; your ISP has edge routers which rate limit p2p stuff; ...and so on.) Are you talking throughput or sync?
We got one from a breeder here 5 years ago. Local queen, American sire. Breeder was super helpful, somewhere down noarlunga way. After paying more than double her original cost in psychiatric vet care and medication we, sadly, had to put her down. It was just one of those bad luck of the genetic draw. :( Spoke to another breeder recently and they told me I should have gotten in touch with the original breeder as there was a full guarantee on the dog. Little did I know. A bit rambling, sorry, but hope it helps if you find yourself in the same situation.
Internode used to. Maybe they still do. How far into your degree are you?
I can't think of any off the top of my head, but I'm eager to see if someone comes up with something. There are frog cakes and custard slices, but they're not savoury or "easy" to make at home.
I can imagine the "Litterbox Convention 1973" being negotiated amongst the neighbourhood cats. Article 1.i: All cats are created equal. .ii: /u/ThatSquareChick's sandbox is for all. .iii: There will be no fighting in the sandbox. .iv: There shall be no spawn camping around the sandbox. Article 2.i: Muffins is a douchebag.
I once got a single bottle in a carton of Pale that was just water. The other 23 were just fine, though.
Also really good as a shibboleth. Worromoroo paints you as an enemy combatant pretty quickly.
Also, look right, then left, then right again when you're on the footpath. If you're behind the wheel, look left, look right, look bike.
If you're in a safe labor seat, it's going to be a long wait.
Unless there's plans to move the part of hendon that's covered by the woodville exchange into the port adelaide service area, my part of hendon's not even on the list.
That's funny, my brother came and helped jump start my car two weeks ago. Yesterday we were working together on my Auntie's house and he tells me "Remember when you laughed and asked if I kept jump cables as a matter of course in the tray and then said you were surprised I didn't have a compressor? Well I put a compressor in there and a snatch strap for good measure. I figure when we're camping if anyone is stuck I can pull them out."
Which bank does flat exchange fees? BankSA does 3% on transactional accounts.
Or decide you need a variety of taste and start chasing the elusive saisons.
Stegmaier did make Viticulture, which is widely enjoyed. Not sure of what the reception of MERCS: Recon is, which is what one of the designers of Myth released.
Won't they see the routing information as going via the host machine's mac address?
He's a bit more full on than just opposing gay marriage, though. Happy Clapping world views don't mix with good government.
I think his point was that no one was fighting here?
Yar, fair enough.
In the context of the original post I was suggesting that having a VM isn't, in itself, a guarantee of anonymity.
St Clair is pretty, but a fair whack of bikies and drug dealers have purchased there, according to my mate Ms. Policeman.
The odds of surviving a heart attack are shown to increase greatly when someone administers chest compressions. Not even breathing/lung inflations just god damned compressions.
The bull.
In college or out of college? In college? Started with, gulp... VB, then on to Java for OOD concepts. Out of college? Perl.
Blade Runner. The director's cut is far superior just for the "intelligent" ending. The final cut version is pretty much the same, but nicer looking.
Take action. Instead of watching the scene play out in front of you like some sort of train crash sequence in a movie, do something... anything.
Yeah, I think it was purely an exercise in getting eager students to see how easily they could throw something up on the screen. Like, vomitous. But, people were graded on how smartly they thought about control flow and modular break down of concern.
Significantly different in artistic merit, but very little story difference between the director's cut and the final cut, which is what I meant. You've listed some great reasons to check out the final cut for anyone interested.
Well, if you need someone respectful to remove them from your farm, drop me a line.
Can confirm - dropped the ring three times while trying to propose.
It's been ages since I've picked, always up through Kuitpo. Any recommendations?
TCO is much higher in the church.
Absolutely. A giant playground that was adult sized, made of all metal with plenty of moving parts to rip off fingers and break bones! It was the best adventure park SA had to offer. Do half a day there, then another half a day soothing all the burns in the Murray. The new one is exceptionally lame in comparison.
Really? * tithing * membership fees * upkeep of property * incidental costs associated with social inclusion Then there are the additional mental costs that are paid with the strain of trying to conform to the moral and social mores dictated by the church. Don't kid yourself, it may be "free" to attend, but it's not free.
Hang on. They got married in a helicopter, hovering over the ceremony while it was officiated via walkie-talkie and they wouldn't pick you up from school with a rope ladder? Outrageous.
Pretty much any church you become a member of. What you meant to say was that you've never had to pay for spirituality. Religion, on the other hand, has your wallet bent over a barrel.
I'm sorry to hear about your loss, Pecker. Now, I've seen enough 80s action movies to put you back on your path. You've just passed through the first part of Act I: Loss. Take this post as the second part of Act I: A Call to Arms. It's time for you to man up. You gotta fight boy and this is how it happens. Act II: - learn and practice more devil beats like the paradiddle and introduce syncopated rhythm. - attend her church and join the band. - subtly introduce the devil's beats - you will be challenged by the alpha-male in the group, it should be her boyfriend. If it's not her boyfriend, demand a trial by combat. - you will cop a beating, but with the Lord's help you'll win Act III: Now that you've won her back you've got two options. A) Settle down or B) Take her camping in your new pickup truck which leaves the whole saga open for a sequel. Godspeed.
Highest gun fatalities per capita of any western country? Yeah, keep on calling them stupid.
Try it with everything else unplugged. Try running an extension cord from another room (possibly another circuit). Does the power trip just using the desktop or only when the R9 390 increases power in a 3D game?
Cost is your biggest disadvantage. The PSU is only going to supply 400w, even though it's rated for 750w. This is called overrating. Future-proofing is you biggest advantage. Upgrade your video card or throw 5 extra HDD in there? The PSU should handle it ok. Put enough extra stuff in there that it draws 750-800w* and you're gonna get funny operation. Draw over 800w* continuous and you'll produce smoke from the PSU. (* these are rough figures.)
Posting [inane](http://imgur.com/gallery/9xCV5v1) questions to ask Reddit that they could answer for themselves with a little application.
Ah, so you won't be paintballing either.
Commonly known as a lemon tree in Australia.
Wife did the same late last year, chemist down Semaphore rented them on a weekly basis. Just ring around a couple of chemists, you'll find one pretty quickly.
I upgraded to Marshmallow last month, no more landscape for me. :(
Lol, dunno who downvoted me, but such is life.
You call that a Big Wool? Now this is a [Big Wool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Merino).
How much water usage does it account for?
Man, your country is eating itself, it's no wonder that anyone with enough brains to become a psych is choosing not to.
Yes, you can. I was lamenting to myself out loud. Running a Marshmallow ROM based off a CM variant on a Galaxy S3 that frequently suffers from a) rotation not functioning (auto and manual) b) drops all data when receiving an MMS because it can't switch APNs properly.
I hate to break it to you, it's called long service leave in Australia and you get 3 months fully paid every 10 years of full time employment. That's on top of your minimum 4 weeks every year annual leave and 12 paid sick days.
Farmers Union Crows Klub.
&gt; there's really no downsides to it as a hobby. Plenty of downsides if you do it for too long.
This is straight off of /b/
Friend here pulled 109 laps of a roundabout. He thought it particularly amusing when, circa 60s, a bus pulled up. Circa 80s, the bus driver just forced his way through.
Tax concession if you work outside or in the zone.
You missed the etymological description that the [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Track_ballast) entry gives. If the OP is interested, [these machines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballast_cleaner) are beasts that rip out the ballast underneath, clean it and return it back under the rails as they move over it. There are you tube videos of them in operation.
We have their wireless at work, does experience occasional drop outs for a couple of minutes and bandwidth seems quite variable.
You wanna go sleepy sleepy?
It has a predominantly green background, typical of circa 1930s paintings.
[Camel Up](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/153938/camel) is a fun romp. It does have betting themes which may be off putting, but my kids enjoy it (6&amp;9).
When he meets a gator Does he get dead Or does the gator Get him instead? Nobody knows Florida man.
They didn't state the purchase price of the car though. edit: Just realised that you're flabbergasted at the rate. Was thinking: that's not bad - I just got 6% on my car loan, then realised you're discussing USA lending rates, not Aussie rates.
It'd be really cool if we had these tubes that went between everyone's houses and we could just send stuff through those tubes.
DigiMail^TM
I don't know what enrages me more - a bully like Cory being voted in or Bob Day not announcing his affiliation with the party in his mail-out pamphlets.
Australia, I'd definitely trade out Australia.
I've put my writing team to work on your sentence: &gt; People like repetition, kill your babies.
When you're adulting tomorrow, would you mind picking up a TV stand?
Or he could have misspelt wife!
Seriously. Imagine you're living in a share house and you've just picked up the craziest fucking room-mate imaginable. You're constantly yelling at them to pick up their clothes. They don't cook or clean. They don't pay rent either. You're constantly buying them food and, because the fuckers never got a license, you're driving them every.fucking.where. Saturdays are a write-off. Your room-mate has soccer and irish dancing, you've agreed to take them there. Sundays are a write-off. Your room-mate's got a birthday party to go to and you've said you'll take them because they're too scared to ride the train. They do crazy shit all the time, like randomly tripping over their own feet or using so much shampoo, every sink and drain in the house has bubbles coming out of it. That's why you talk about them all the time.
Hey Dude, don't call me dude.
Have you considered that it's possibly the only time they've got to listen to their own music without being interrupted? I built some nice speakers before having kids. Still have a set. You know what they're doing? Playing fucking "Hello Charlie" or "Girl meets world" or "Operation Ouch". You know what they're not playing? Gojira, Napalm Death or The Pixies. That's my car's job, apparently.
Australia. Pro: Don't worry about the kids being shot. Con: Everything is sooooo expensive.
&gt; peddling death and destruction and misery Well, she's not wrong on that front.
Could have been a sticky note on the mirror.
Ah, get it now. They're all packs of stuff you could buy in game. Thanks for the clarification, I'm a doofus for not working that one out myself. :)
Nah, the one where I didn't realise they're all in-game purchases rolled up into a "sale".
It's the denial that's the problem and actively fighting against any move to stop their profiteering of another persons pain.
Yes. You. Do. For some people, their kids are their lives, that's all they think about, that's all they talk about. Does that style of conversation make me sick? Absolutely can't stomach it, but the other extreme you're proposing isn't any better. Friends recognise what's important to each other and that's the conversation that should be had.
Uh, what [variant of Simple Green](http://simplegreen.com/en-au/household/products/) should you use?
&gt; Brewmeister All grain. The Cooper's machine is extract based. I'm not against it, good on them, but let's compare apples to apples. Brewmeister gives the brewer many more parameters to play with and remains an involved process. Brewdroid is a mix extract, set and forget type deal. One can make great beer, the other can make good beer. The Cooper's version appears to simply be a mechanism through which they can sell more of their extract kits.
Lol, it was looking rather bare when I was last there!
Well, the Victorians call the South Australians "Mexicans", so it's siesta time in Adelaide. Then again, when I lived in Sydney, we called the Victorians "Mexicans", so it's probably siesta time there as well.
The four part mini-series: Lethal Weapon 1, 2, 3 &amp; 4.
Top kek, gold for copy paste with a little bit of modification. What am I talking about? I program for a living - that's the entirety of my working life.
All buttholes are vivid when you're squinting.
...ensuring Activision covers for the damages they've inflicted... in a way that doesn't have us wasting time in a courtroom... starting a crowndfunding event later today... to cover: what we are missing out on the largest event. Sincere butt-hurt.
An ex brother in law used to work at AMD back in the 80s working on the masks of some RISC processors. From memory, he never got any formal qualification higher than a diploma from a community college, he just kind of worked his way up. Do you think it's still possible for someone to do that now in the industry or were the 70s and 80s the bad old days in the industry?
12 hours and 12 minutes until the draw! You bloody ripper. Rock on. It's a good hour past 12:30 on 30 June here (ACST), but if a US company is going to include Aussies in their competitions, I'm not going to argue with them.
So you're stronger than most people a quarter of your age?
Honestly, since when has some nobody recording themselves and posting it online become a cultural reference point? Maybe I'm just old and you should keep off my lawn.
Just one hour to the noon time, Just one hour away. Ain't no fucking problem, I can do that any day.
I'm gonna bite. Who the fuck would stop you from trying to close your door?
How could someone having involuntary movements from a seizure consciously cover them up with other movements? Not possible. edit: For the record, I dislike her immensely and don't think her entitled arse deserved the presidency. That doesn't make what you wrote correct, though.
Hahaha, really? In USA elections Soviet politics fuck you.
I concur that there's something wrong with her, but it's highly unlikely that she has trained to cover it with a forced action. Maybe that lizard theory is not too far off the mark?
I would have preferred anyone who appears more trustworthy, honest and had a view that aligns more closely with my own.
Not necessarily. The unopened can of beer floating in the ocean, found while we walked around an island in Fiji, was a god-send. Complemented the coconuts nicely.
The missus got me a 3G 1060 as a present, shopping off a suggestion of "at least this level as a minimum". I considered upgrading to the 1070 or 1080, but knew I wouldn't be running 4k for another couple of years, so sat with the 1060.
Jeanne Claude Van Johnson.
There was a period between 2005 and 2009 where he wasn't.
Sorry you had to live in LA. /FTFY.
On the world's biggest ship?
&gt; "that matters why?" Yet another reason to call him an arsehole.
You fuck. You fucking arsehole. His wife is a fucking legend and he appears committed to her. source: met them more than a few times.
I guess it's up to Danny himself to say whether it was wanted or not to classify it as assault. Has he done that?
Ameritrash vs Eurogame: heavily themed mechanics vs streamlined abstract mechanics. Boardgames.
iDisagree. It's bold and shows initiative.
&gt; Holden vs. Ford vs. drunk driving laws Oh boy, you paint a beautiful picture.
Maradonna vs God.
Photos or GTFO.
Is that because we've been fucked over and NBNco are delivering the last mile over an ageing copper network?
And you've also got to navigate the retailer having purchased sufficient CVC capacity to avoid contention for resources too.
On facebook? Ads are the creme. Your information is the money.
I'm just sad I have a new graphics card that I can't adjust the colour of the LEDs on because I refuse to "log in" to the geforce experience. Guess it doesn't really matter, because there's no window on the case anyways.
The world just gets crazier and crazier. Don't worry, market forces will sort it out.
I think you'll find 'let isItWorthIt' is vastly superior.
Please, please, please tell me she sells cloud storage.
Don't worry, people get tattoos with even lesser understanding of the full meaning.
Rodney Rude does it better: Hey Santa Clause you cunt, where's my fucking bicycle?
Yeah, he first tried to clean up with kanban, then later with just-in-time, but never was able to completely break with lean manufacturing.
They came out and said as much in an interview when it was on the charts.
And that he's frustrated by how hard it is to be spiritual in any meaningful way while making the euphoria last.
Don't worry, the market will sort it out.
&gt; built across the street from the University, You know mace is more effective when heated and, with the can being aluminium and all, it didn't retain its heat long enough from the old station.
Hahaha, like that's going to happen. We have the capacity and capability to realise that right now, if not 15 years ago.
&gt; assuming that corporations would stay in the US &gt; UBI If we extend the U in UBI to be, at least, global - then it will work.
What was the return?
I don't see any coprophilia restaurants on the list and I even put Burnside as my location.
I wouldn't know ZizzazzIOI from a bar of soap, but I have seen good shows from the Blackwood Players previously. Another troop - extremely amateur, but fucking fun - is the Unseen Theatre Company. They traditionally stick to Terry Pratchett adaptations... it's been years since I've seen anything from them, so not sure if they're still active.
No, he's talking about Adam Hills.
Yes, SNL. He's a yank and /u/MisuVjr is being a dick.
Saturday Night Live.
Fuck I'm Lubed.
Do you know you've got a doppleganger? /u/MisuVjr?
Question 1: Can you tell me about the stack you used - front end and back end? Question 2: If this is a hobby, what do you do for a living? Question 3: Are you looking for work?
I've seen plenty of fresh-off-the-boat Russian and Ukrainian immigrants who would beg to differ.
We got fucked over. People bought the lie that boats needed to be stopped over fat pipes.
Holy crap, they do, don't they!
This might work. A local Port Adelaide councillor got his street diverted to dissuade through traffic.
You could try the well established and carrying a large range Games World in Adelaide Arcade. Alternately, games paradise.
Well, it wouldn't be Radelaide without the quota of crazies.
That is a fucking savage burn... chappeu!
Woah shit.
Does she call you Gamboni?
Fucking Dans.
Oh wow. Have you seen that with sound?
Popular mechanics is either on the pulse with their miniscule readership base or very out of touch with the world.
Can you afford to be drunk? Good on ya!
AWS for serving up Angularjs? Directly interfacing with google? Know any java? Spring?
You should get those mammaries checked out.
&gt; alegbra Never seen anyone wear a bra on their legs before.
