The easiest thing is to get a new band, but I like to come up with creative fixes too. 1. Determine the ideal position for the loop. 2. Drill two tiny holes in the existing band. I have drills smaller than 1/32". You could force a pin through using pliers for grip on the pin. 3. Find suitable leather from an old coat or shoe upper. 4. Cut a doner piece the size of the loop that you want. 5. Sew the two ends of the loop to the base of the band using the two holes made above. You would use the two holes as well as wind the thread around the outside edge of the band. 6. Use nylon thread if possible for strength.
I don't know the age or model of car and that could help. Why is that tape around the hose? Check the fluid levels and see what is leaking. If it is brake fluid, drive slowly and guardedly to service after filling it. An oil leak you can keep topping off until it's bad enough to warrant a fix by way of mess and expense. An antifreeze leak is tricky. Most leaks get worse and antifreeze is under pressure so it can get worst fast. The insidious part is that air is drawn into the system and causes hot spots in cylinder heads that eventually can cause a blown head gasket valued at many times the leak repair cost, sometime the whole engine. Leaks can't be ignored until you know exactly what you are dealing with.
A vice is generally mounted on a workbench. Anyone with a workbench and vice probably has an abundance of other tool including scissors. For lengthy cloth, I have an electric pattern cutter. The razor-blade in the vice would not be good for cloth or paper because there is no slicing effect. Still, i don't discount this idea completely as there may be a use in cutting something. Cheese? No. String? Yes Fingers? FoSho
That all seems rather intense for a new year's resolution. Step 1: Have some discipline. Step 2: Make a decision to change at any point in the year when you discover change is desired.
Generally all you need to do is pull out those remaining thread pieces along the seam. They will pull out more easily from the back. sometimes it helps to take the material and roll it between two fingers on each hand to loosen them. You can also use fingernails on the back or even a seam ripper very carefully.
It's a nice looking watch because of the color. But it is a cheap watch with a movement equal to what is found in a dollar store watch. The band is proprietary and not made for any type of replacement or repair. The buckle end that you show from Amazon is designed as a replacement if you have a suitable mating end on your band. Your picture does not show the buckle end so I can't tell if you could install it.
Since it is new, don't screw around. Craftsman stuff is returnable. Go with something else. I suppose you could play around with shimming the short side with washers, but why? I never have this problem with mine. But again, I leave the jack in place when under load. It never moves. Use a proper dolly if moving a load.
It's a bedroom door so you probably can't hurt anything. The problem is that you loose 1/16" or more of door space at the closing side and this usually causes issues of jamming, tightness, rubbing, etc. If it does not and you can live with the "custom" look, OK. It's not that hard to carve out the space for hinges with a chisel, but there are risks of damaging surrounding wood. There are tools for it, but old craftsmen can do it quickly with simple hand tools. Scribe the position with a pencil or whatever. Take the chisel and hammer in the perimeter. You are both marking the position and setting the depth with this procedure. Then chisel in from the edges to avoid damaging other areas. Try to go about the right depth. You can shave the space deeper as needed. One key to his is to have an ultra sharp chisel. I would be using a 1" or so, but I have an assortment. Actually, what I really do is use a Dremel type rotary tool with a router bit free hand if necessary or with a small table. Depends on what tools you have. But I still would set the depth with a chisel on the edges for accuracy. PS&gt; A "5-way" tool also works as a good chisel for these.
Based upon reading your answers to the posts, I surely suggest you contact a professional for service. You will end up paying for a service call. The actual repair could be very minor. There may be some simple reset. On the other hand, a control board may have been damaged by the surge when power came back on and that would be costly. I lost a security camera to such a surge this summer. I think this is your best move.
Usually, refrigerator/freezer trays have a stop mechanism at the far end of the travel. It's not very complex. It consists of a "speed bump" at the end. You were caught speeding. Place the tray in the slot and lift it over the speed bump and slide it in. Pass me a beer.
There are not many parts to this device. It's mostly a heating element and a heat sensor. The wiring in your picture looks pretty clean. So I guess there is a short in the heating element. It would be unsafe to use if it did start. Consider yourself lucky. A heart transplant of the element is probably not warranted financially. You could confirm all I'm saying by testing with a multi-meter. Check the resistance of the element. It should measure a few ohms. If it measures zero, you confirm a short.
I'd certainly hold off on spending money at this time. I have seen a simple reboot like you did last for six months or until the door was left open by a kid or kid like adult.
Agreed, unless this is the end that the dog chewed up.
I've ruined lots of glasses and screens with compounds. Be sure to post pictures of your results and the technique you used.
Congratulations! Your reply makes my day. PS&gt;Yes, sometimes I just scribe the pattern with a utility knife.
I knew where this was going when you said "set of scales." You only need one scale for weight checking and I suggest a digital model. You don't want to be subjectively reading an analog one. Stop eating sugar and all processed food. That is all.
I can confirm this answer. And I add that you can take the old belt and measure around the circumference. Then measure the width. The angle of the V if it's that type is a factor also, but just eyeball it. Better yet, measure the inside width and compare with replacements. Hardware, appliance and utility vehicle stores stock a wide assortment and can match. Further, Note how much play you have for adjustment of the belt. You may be able to use one slightly longer or shorter as a replacememt.
Looks like a 3/8X16 machine thread to me. I'd hold it closer to the ruler to be sure. This would be an extremely common size, although the head is less common. Depending on what you use it for a simple he head might work as well, but not something with a tapered head. When you find what you think is a match at the store, hold the threads next to each other. The threads should nest together perfectly.
The internal connection where the prong of that plug meets the wire inside is failing. This drives the resistance up and causes heat. Eventually there will be arcing and more heat, even fire. You can't continue to use such a plug. A cheap plug end can be purchased at the hardware for a few bucks. You would need to strip the wires back to install it. If you are unfamiliar with the procedure, have a friend do it, and watch if possible.
Buzz killer here. This is the time to consider various ways to gain a job skill. Either go back to regular school or a trade school of some kind. Learn how to cut hair or something. I realize these things take start-up funds you probably don't have. There must be "gub ment" programs available. If this direction fails, find a job with a tradesman who could eventually sponsor your for a trade. My details may not work for you, but the direction is bullet proof. Your first goal should not be a job and money. It should be finding a way to improve your skills.
Off hand it sounds like the drive stripped a gear. This is the buzz. You know it has power. There is no generic fix. You have probably already tried to coax i to work by manually helping it to dance. If that doesn't work you will need to disassemble it and observe the defect, probably a stripped gear.
From the picture it looks like that pivot arm is pressed into the chair portion. You don't have equipment to remove it unless you could cobble up a drive piece with a C-clamp. You could beat it out with a hammer and punch if it were quite loose and I bet not. Your next alternative is to design some bracket to duplicate the function. This would be the job of an avid tinkerer that owned perhaps a welder and an assortment of metal pieces to fabricate with.
I have no experience with this product. Facing a $400 alternative, I would surely give this a try. You will only be working with the damaged part and not spreading the damage. You can always replace part.These products largely depend on the skill of the applicator. I could see cross-purposing this material on siding, garage doors or mail boxes.
I'm not positive what I'm looking at there. When the rust is that bad the screws could be hopelessly rust-bonded in place and require drilling out. Other times just the head is rusty and the threads are pristine. So try removal first. Heating is helpful in making them de-bond and unscrew. A small pencil torch would work. Don't over do it. It looks like a good Philips head on the one. Always use the perfect size driver and push hard in while turning. Another approach is an impact driver that imparts torque and "normal" force at the same instant and can break threads loose. But don't bother buying one if you don't already own one. You could try putting the proper driver in place and tapping a few times with a hammer in hopes of loosening it. And of course there is the obligatory suggestion to wet them with a "Liquid Wrench" type product and let it sit an hour. Lastly, you could deeply slot the heads with a Dremel type tool and a cutoff wheel. However, the head looks so small that the head would probably split off the first time you tried to use a flat head screwdriver on it. That's all I got now.
Yes, but you can always purchase an annuity with a portion of the cash received and achieve the security of yearly payments of the level you choose. And remember, the cash up front proposal is merely the discounted cash flow of the long term payments based on estimated interest rates. The Lotto itself buys an annuity with that SAME cash when the winner chooses long term payments.
I don't drink at all-any more. I work out constantly every day and keep track of my pulse and bp. My resting pulse is from 38-46 as a rule. Rarely, in summer it will spike to 98 or so. I know I'm in trouble and that trouble is dehydration. I need to re-hydrate to avoid an afib type situation. Dehydration is related to alcohol consumption. I suppose as a laymen that might partially account for your experience.
You may even be one of the lucky ones. One study I read compared the fitness of people who were sedentary and those who worked out. They measured various criteria on control groups of sedentary people before and after workout programs extending so many weeks. They found that most former sedentary people did increase fitness with the change to a workout schedule. However, some people actually LOST a level of fitness. In other words, this small percentage actually was fitter by maintaining the sedentary lifestyle. It doesn't work for me. Just throwing it out there.
Speaking as a long term wearer of glasses and frequent flyer on the accident express here. I have had body crashes while skiiing, running and biking that involved head and eye impact while wearing glasses. At no time has a lens ever done more than crack or get abraded. However, the frames have done substantial damage to my face and eye area. One bike accident required a dozen surgeries to the eye area that cost 10's of thousands out of pocket. I have always wondered if not having those frames there would have saved me damage or allowed worse actual eye damage. On the other side, I also spend time in the woods and frequently am impacted by branches that hit the lenses and they prevent what might be serious corneal damage. So there is a trade-off. As far as the difference between cheap and expensive frames, I can't see how a cheap frame would hurt you more than an expensive one. Sure, they might break and require replacement. But an expensive frame is not going to save you from damage either.
If you had consumed a meal including beets, that would look like blood and be harmless.
I agree. And the more he tries to fool with it, the more he owns the job. You can see that the wood thread is covered with material other than wood and the wood piece was sunk in plaster. If I were fixing it I would use a 3"X1.5" block of wood screwed to the wood in back. Then pre-drill in the center of the new insert and thread the knob in that hole. After that I could slop plaster to fill or leave it for the next guy.
I can't see a way that it is dangerous. Sometimes if you see such spots on the inside where it cooks, it can be a sign of a hot spot caused by microwaves that are not stirred properly. This can sometimes be a problem if it overheats. But your spot is OK.
I can hand feed pencils fast enough to sharpen more than I'd ever use. People still use wood pencils?
Almost all the threads look like they are pulled rather than torn. This means there could be hope in the hands of a real professional. I remember the old Ban Lon shirts would get a thread pulled out and look bad. I could stick a thread puller in from the opposite side and pull it back through so the look was perfect. That was a single thread. I see the coat is made in China. Just how expensive was the coat as that is a primary determinant of how much should be spent.
I would suggest the wall anchors that pull in from the back and use machine screws. The reason is that this type is designed for removal and replacement more often than the ones that merely cut into the drywall and use self tapping screws.
Used furniture often goes for pennies on the dollar. Some especially high end items could be better. You could attempt to sew your couch together with nylon thread and a curved carpet needle. I have doubts about the thread pulling out of that material that looks like thin vinyl. The major reason you see that tear is because the inside fiber is light color. I suggest you color that light area with matching color. The color will be readily absorbed by the fabric. This may be a better solution than risking a greater pull out of threads. I've never seen indelible marker in that shade. Maybe a dab of wood stain would do it.
It has broken rather cleanly with a single piece rather than chips. You already know that it was not very secure to begin with. There is just not enough meat behind the plate. I would NOT use screws. I would use clear epoxy or fast wood glue as suggested and get the best appearance I could. This will be quick and easy. Then I would add a second lock that is more secure with long screws. This could involve some creative thinking for placement.
First pull that stick out of there. Then you will have a hole that you can fish through. A tiny "easy out" could work, but you would need to be sure not to apply much pressure because you don't want to expand the hole. Use just enough pressure to grab the stub. A tiny screw would work as well too. Again, restrain yourself from tightening it. I would not wish to disassemble a laptop for such an easy task, but if you were looking at it from the inside, there may or may not be a way to push the stub back out.
Those screws look very short. There should be a vertical 2"X4" or 2"X6" just beyond the exposed wood. I would find some 4" #8 screws to replace the existing ones. They will grab the wood from behind there and secure the plate. Pre-drill the holes with a 1/8" drill to prevent cracking and apply some dish soap to the screws before driving them home.
Assuming you have retraced your steps and R&amp;R that part again with the same result, there are two main possibilities. Either the part you received is bad or the original diagnosis was faulty. Try putting the old part back in. Look, the friend made it work without the new part even temporarily. That suggests the control unit may not have been the cause.
Those adapters seem pretty solid. The drivers load and it works. You will see Windows doing its fine work. The glitches come more with the headsets, mainly the cheap ones that I bought too many of. Sometimes they pair up. Sometimes they don't. Sometimes they appear to be paired and still don't work. Sometimes the mic doesn't work, but the earpiece does. So stick with a reputable source where you can get a full refund or return. My worst experiences have been with eBay direct shipments from China.
If the control panel is getting hot, that suggests some high resistance in there. Maybe a wire is loose or a connection is dirty. You could fix those. You could not have done anything wrong operationally by using is in any mode. Test the other functions to see what works. Read the microwave manual and practice with it so you have that option ready A basic microwave has two functions, power level and time. They generally default to full power and that just leaves selecting the time. When the bell goes off it's calling you for dinner.
If it's just Yahoo and Hotmail, they have had issues where their server has been hacked to give up email addresses and passwords. Changing your password does not help if a hacker has the whole database.
If you don't have name tags on them you may be catching the same frequent flyers. Who doesn't like a vacation and some strange? I predict it will be fine. Google says 10 miles is the magic number for relocation, but not over 40 miles.
Invest in a decent respirator($25), not a simple dust mask. The carbon canister will take care of the odor and protect your lungs. Put the mask in a sealed plastic bag after use to make it last longer. This is a tiny investment over the long haul. Use it for paint, ammonia, bleach, etc.
I use an unfolded paperclip for emergencies. For example, when shopping for a TV in a store or garage sale without a cable hookup, at least you can tell if there is any picture on any channel.
I think your ideas are on target. I would not use L-brackets. I would use 4"X4" plywood plates and long screws into the studs. They might be 3-4" screws, pre-drilled and soaped up before driving. The cabinet just tilted away from the weight and because it was not balanced to start with so your idea of shimming is good. But pull it into the wall first.
If you have an old extra computer with any Windows OS you can buy a cheap web cam for $15 bucks and install it to free iSpy with motion sensing. Just let it run. I changed to this route from true security cams after many failed after weeks or months. I find web cams bullet proof. Of course you need one that will focus at a distance.
The fruit flies did not multiply that fast. You had hundreds to start with. The vinegar device does work. Maybe you need to perfect it a little though.
I assume it is broken between the two arms there. I too see the head of a rivet or pressed in pin of some sort. You need to get into position to pound that pin out from the other side or drill through the center from this side. You don't need to drill the full diameter for a stable fastener. I would start with a 1/4" hole and go from there up in size if needed. Use a smaller starter drill. You might even be successful in taping threads in it so use a 13/64" drill and try taping it 1/4-20.
Some will automatically do that up to five minutes. It's a feature that saves time. I'm all about using as few clicks as possible whether it is the computer or microwave. I use the microwave many times per day cooking anything from eggs to sweet potatoes. I will use a time like 1444 for 14:44. Over time I know about what I need. For example 777 is really 8 minutes and 17 seconds in microwave language using modular arithmetic.
I have weighed 123# and 206#. I have run marathons at 123# and 176#. I have eaten junk and good food. I keep daily records. I can say from experience that exercise seems to have almost no affect on my weight beyond the temporary day or two. As a compulsive exerciser, I can exercise as much as six hours per day. I get no weight loss without cutting calories. I believe that the body adjusts to these things and prevents too much loss by cutting metabolism. In my mind, all a person needs to do to lose weight is eliminate sugar, treats and any food that is processed. No boxed cereals or products with more than one ingredient on the label. Do this and go on about your life. You can expect your weight to normalize over time.
I would also consider using epoxy on the floor. It will seal the floor and be extremely durable. Quick and easy. Preserves later options.
The switches are marked NC or NO for normally closed or normally open. The continuity side of the multi-meter will check this. Most of thee micro switches are standard fare available at electronic stores or the internet. If you go to an appliance store, expect to pay up to 10X as much.
Take something small like a pin or tiny flat heat screwdriver. Carefully pry in that space you see to move that locking device open more, Then stick the plug back in the slot and it should lock more tightly. They float a little, but are locked in by that tang. That should do it. PS. It simply got yanked and was not locked tight.
I did not mean to imply that your microwave is any more dangerous than another. It's just a general admonition of safety. There really is nothing of consequence to burn in a microwave. It is a metal box. If food containers overheat, plastic can produce smoke and tiny plastic pieces all over the living space. And the smoke from my inverter board fire was thick and came on strong. I was standing right there and smoke filled everything before I could stop it. Panasonic could not fix in in 2.5 months. They put three sets of inverter boards and main boards in before the appliance company/Panasonic gave up and gave me a brand new unit. Now I stick close.
In the old days you could rob one that would work from an old radio, space heater, fan, dimmer switch, noise machine, record player, tape recorder, timer, etc.
You have an opportunity here for complete customization. You don't know what it was and could only duplicate it by chance. I would take all the measurements and start looking for donor parts new or used. The ideal situation would be finding a complete lamp that would nice and have a pole with the right diameter to mount either in the hole or with a tube used inside the stem. Whether is goes inside the base or inside/outside the lamp pole is up for grabs. If the fit is not a perfect press fit you need to come up with a locking mechanism above and below the table top. You could epoxy something that was a close fit. Otherwise you need a ring with a set screw on top and bottom. No, hose clamps are not aesthetically acceptable. Yes, many lamp stems are 3/8", but few are finished off like that. They usually have an outer tube about the size of the hole.
Who needs a mirror? Hand face coordination is key.
If you have a file you could also file two flats 180 degrees apart for a better grip.
OP says bolt, but perhaps he means nut. That's why I did not suggest a slot and screwdriver. Pictures are so helpful in getting the right information to people.
The down hill neighbor is usually responsible for maintaining the grade. It sounds like the tilting retaining wall is not performing. This can only get worse. Check your local building ordinance people if possible to see if this is the case. If so, begin addressing the original problem before throwing money at your side, which you may ultimately have to fix as a practical matter. PS. I just invested $12,000 to repair my 150' X6' retaining wall. The neighbor's driveway has sunk down near the wall. My insurance company(SF) says he's on his own.
I'd fight like hell before taking the door off. Maybe you already have. I would grab the stub with a long nosed vice grip really tight. Then I would pry with a shim between the pliers and the hole to gain leverage. At the same time, I would have an assistant pry up and down on the door so you could find the sweet spot of looseness in the bolt. If you have a slim pry bar, this would be used at the bottom of the door. Or you could jamb a putty knife under, but that is not too strong. You could even put the putty knife under and a piece of wood or something under it close to the door and step on the handle. This way a single person who is coordinated could do it.
I see mostly prep issues with the old work. One split is on a seam, probably not properly taped. If there are stabilization issues, we could only tell that by pressing on the areas to detect movement. The craftsman on scene would determine if screws can be added or sections need to be replaced. Listen close to what the contractor tells you and why they want to do it a certain way. The original surface may not have been cleaned of salts and this caused the lack of bonding. Perhaps there are more than one coat of texture up there although it looks like one. A quick scrape and paint should be cheap and easy. If it doesn't hold up you could go the next step. If you start cutting out sections you can add more problems and expense.
Cosmetic fixing is easy of course. I suppose there is a companion piece on the left side of the garage. You could consider cutting them both off flush with the cross beam. You can say for sure the piece that is extending beyond the cross beam is not structural.
Then why not just unbolt them and replace? Much easier than the repair of one.
He sure did a hack job on that bed. He could have used a Forstner bit to avoid the wood chipping out. Or a Roto-Zip bit to make a custom size rectangular hole to match the USB. Or just practice getting up on the other side of the bed. Redneck solution: Use a bed pan.
That outer ring pops off. Then the bulb unscrews. You could pry under the ring, but be careful not to damage the ceiling. Use some thing plastic to protect the ceiling from your prying instrument. You might even be able to use an old credit card under the edge. A plastic spatula might work and protect the ceiling as well.
Buttons are hard to match. Just go to the store and buy a new complete set and sew them on. If the material behind the button is torn out, then back it up with something compatible in appearance.
You have identified the conditions where the ABS is activating prematurely. If you were not on ice, sand or otherwise slipping then the ABS should not have activated. The reason your brakes seemed affected is because the ABS was cycling them off/on. You don't want this under non slip conditions. If you are not trained to work on ABS then get it checked out professionally.
Yes, they do not want people repairing their own equipment, especially if they are not qualified. There are various tamper proof screws used and this is one of them. Drivers are available. However this screw may be recessed enough that just sticking the right driver in a hex tool might not be able to reach in there. What I do is take an old slotted screwdriver, probably 3/16" flat in this case, and cut the middle section out with a Dremel tool and a cutoff wheel. That gives me the needed slot on both sides to match this screw head. These screws are not tight. I always replace them with normal headed screws when closing. This is another reason to scrap out everything and save the pieces in an orderly way so effective repairs can be achieved.
Beautiful view. Some context would be helpful. What are you trying to accomplish? Do you want to change the glass, clean the glass, or establish an escape route? This could be a very dangerous undertaking. Glass is heavy and it will sail if dropped from that window. Special precautions are needed to protect you and strangers. This could be a job for a professional with a crane lift working from outside, again, depending upon your goal.
If the desk is wobbly, it's because of poor construction and needs to be reinforced. Hot glue does nothing for it. If a leg is too short(unlikely) a shim may help. But the desk pictured is on carpet. Carpet doesn't care if a leg is short.
I was 35 and paying more taxes than I was bringing home. I decided to stop working on the supply side and work on the conservation of resources side. Now some 35+ years later it is still working out.
I assume you want to preserve that drain tube. The area under there has been eroded by water flow. If you want something semi-permanent then convert that flexible tube to hard tube and make the transition to whatever device you are using to drain with that solid tube. But first back fill the space with pea-gravel to about 4" below grade and fill in the 4" with concrete. Normal cheap concrete will be OK, but I have switched to fast-set that costs more. If you are not prepared to work fast, use regular mix.
They say make-up sex is the bomb.
I think lots of people, including myself, use sleep time to solve life's problems. Random dreams can be a part of that I believe.
Speak for yourself.
Hypothetically, perhaps they could not catch me.
In the USA you can put a beneficiary on the account and the money is theirs if you die. No taxes or probate involvement.
Marketing is largely about reading consumer needs. Most people don't repair things these days. Repairing or making repairable products has limited appeal. If you disagree, start your own business and prosper. PS&gt;I always marvel at the modularity and quick repair techniques used by NASCAR. I long for those features in an every day ride. I'd take a five point racing harness over air bags. But I am a dynasaur.
In my opinion, hospitals play a financial game with the players, namely insurers and Medicare. If they accept federal funds, they are required to provide a certain amount of free care. Emergency rooms take all comers if they are provisioned to do so. When a homeless person comes in or someone else without insurance, the hospital bills them the full boat. It's an inflated figure. Then they make a feeble attempt to collect and write it off. This high bill allows them to have a higher average price for their service. Then Medicare/Medicaid comes along and allows 50% of the average price and the hospital gets what they needed all along. This is just my general concept of what may be going on. My brother was in the hospital for three months and uninsured. His bill from the hospital alone was about $300k. The hospital offered me, a brother, a quick deal if I'd just sent them a check for $150K. I declined and they wrote the whole thing off for the $300K.
You are being hosed. For some reason, they don't want to complete your repair. Perhaps they damaged the computer. Perhaps they are waiting for a broken computer with a good motherboard to appear so they can cannibalize it and bill for a new part. There is no valid reason to delay that long.
In theory, everything will work fine. It's best to check the list of compatible modems that Comcast will allow. It would be easier if you did not need a modem that had the phone feature.
You can easily check your internet speed by going to a Website such as Speakeasy. Check the download speed from various locations. You need to define what you mean by slow Internet. If pages load slowly, that could be caused by your software, your computer processor speed or low RAM. What you perceive as slow Internet could also be cause by your anti-virus program or trying to run multiple anti-virus programs simultaneously in competition. First check the basic speed with Speakeasy. Then look at the task manager in Windows and see what your resources are being used for and if you are overloaded. Eliminate junk with CCleaner. Run the registry cleaner too. Run your browser without add-ons. You can narrow this problem down by hitting all these areas.
I and maybe many of the people here are not the norm. I took everything apart from childhood. I longed for my own tools. Owning these skills is very satisfying. But the person who specializes in brain surgery or selling real estate can make so much more money on their specialty that it would be downright silly for them to contemplate repairing their own TV. I can buy a $10 Pixi Glitz smartphone. Why would I repair it except for fun, which I do? That's just the way it is.
That's a pretty reasonable guess because I have heard of local cities charging $500 for "false alarm" calls and EMS often charges that for a run.
Until you diagnose it, you don't know what or why it is loose. I Has the solder really come loose? Is a piece of the motherboard cracked? Or is the jack itself mechanically worn causing the jack-in to feel loose? Solder?=Resolder Cracked motherboard=Epoxy in place Worn oversize inside jack=Pinch the input jack slightly for tighter fit
You could find the make of door and look for parts from them. Other companies have caps too. Call around. I try not to buy anything. The time savings alone is worth it to me. Pull off the good one and use it for a guide. 1. Maybe find a piece of solid plastic and cut off a slice. 2. Fill both holes with caulk-silicone or painter's caulk. You would need to dig this out to pull those screws. 3. Buy a short piece of wood dowel in the right diameter. Cut a slice off and plug the holes with that possibly using painter's caulk around the edges. Then touch up with white paint. 4. Find some silly putty in that shade and push some in there.
This smell should be gone soon. It always is with my sealer.
This could work with JB-Weld and some dexterity. First practice positioning the handle exactly where you want and where it fits best. Maybe even mark it with a China marker on the side of the handle and indexed on the lid. Mix up a batch of JB. Don't mix overly long unless it's not the five minute and you have plenty of time. Dab a little epoxy on the lid. Then put a pile of JB in the cap. Put the cap on the lid, maybe even holding it upside down initially so the epoxy won't run all over. Place the handle and lid down. While holding it down with the handle, clean around the edges for any JB that slipped through. A rag or Q-tip with alcohol or acetone will help. Let it cure and the JB will have formed an internal "stent" to bind the two together.
Two good points here. The longer the epoxy takes to cure, the stronger as a rule. The long set JB-Weld has twice the strength as the 5" and more heat resistance too. Yes, do this work on the drawer outside the fridge and at room temp. It might just work and you can always go ballistic later.
Just as an example, smoking is a sign of weakness to me. It suggests lack of self control. Same with obesity.
The vinyl concrete patcher will be fine. I love concrete bonder. I mix it with the water 50% and paint the surface being covered. If you can wait 28 days before drilling the nearby holes, that would be ideal. If not, wait at least 7 days and take your chances, probably still OK.
This should work if the OP is very patient and uses minimum heat. There is no air under there. It must be a fairly new and pliable floor too. It could stretch right back. Maybe a small block of wood under the mallet would prevent damage.
I like this. Nothing to lose by waiting.
I surprised as I have cleaned my many laptops with various solutions and had no problem beyond streaking causing re-cleaning.
The release could be triggered by pushing on the tape, but you must have done that already. SD cards are released that way. The whole player should pop out allowing the cover to be removed. Sometimes you just have to keep at things until that "ah ha" experience happens.
The shame is how some great looking young women give up in middle age and beyond to become heifers.
I don't know anybody with that type of shoe, but I will keep looking.
Nobody has posted in 20 hours because nobody knows how to fix it. I don't either. You need a professional unless you are just going to cover it with an arm rest. Some things can't be repaired.
You can find lots of stuff for free like addresses, phone numbers ans social media info, such as Facebook. The courts in various areas have online search. Counties have property searches by name. Put all the pieces together and you have an idea about the person. The pay sites often can't cough up more than you can find with effort. I keep a list of my favorite free sites and it comes in handy.
This was my concept too at first and it's a great idea if he takes it apart. It could be done without disassembly by drilling a 1/32" hole on each side of the remaining pieces keeping as much meat as possible. Then run steel wire through the holes and make a suitable loop to attach to the key ring. The flaw in this is that the plastic may be so oxidized that the next piece will break off. Going through the body would be better if possible.
It happens infrequently to me, but I have been in rain storms so intense on the road that you see nothing. You keep going slower until you stop. This in itself is very dangerous on the X-way. I would think an autonomous vehicle would be forced to stop and take their chances with a wreck from behind. It's nearly equal to human judgment at that point, but the lawsuits would abound.
You are definitely missing something. The dryer is working and doing it's job. The dryer is sensing that restriction and cutting back on the run time cycle of the burner or heating element. Try venting inside for a quick test and you will see a difference. I don't care what anybody says, 45' would be way too long. And a 90 degree bend counts as 5' so you really have 15' of duct equivalent.
Just clip them together for a quick test before soldering. This is always good practice anyway.
I would not throw it out. After all, you can use is subject to the focus issue you know about. A Canon forum might provide specific repair information. They are modular. They will come apart. I see the lens assemblies on eBay from time to time and they can cost as much as a used camera. Fixing with purchased parts is a fool's errand. Learn what you can on the Canon forum. You might buy one of these being sold for "parts only" on eBay and get the lens cheap. Or you could buy a used one that works and have this one for backup parts. I could never bring myself to throw it out.
Don't fall for the Okie-doke. Everyone feels guilty of something. They know this. Ancient Chinese proverb goes, "Beat your children every day. If you don't know why, they do." Donate to the Salvation Army instead to assuage your guilt.
I think it's better to peel the loose pieces off so they don't interfere with anything. You could try to glue the edges back down if you have sufficient clamps to hole it tight while they dry. Don't try it before they are perfectly dry. Instead of clamps you might try screwing the edges down with a 1/4" wood block while they dry. Perhaps a staple gun might work too if the edges are flexible enough.
Maintain normal body weight. Normal is not the average for Americans.
It sounds like the drum roller bearings are worn, which allows the drum to spin off-center. This creates the sound and the instability that you thought was an unlevel situation. It's an easy replacement, but you have to remove the entire skin of the dryer to perform the replacement. There are videos and web sites a plenty showing you the procedure and to make a final diagnosis. Do you feel play in the drum? Are you losing socks between the drum and the body of the dryer? You already have the noise so I won't ask that.
The worst part is that you are breathing all that dust that you see. He should have used a vacuum made for drywall work.
Are you sure you are making contact? Perhaps you are coming up short.
If you want it right you better replace the wood. And make the hole first so you know it is round. Or you could add a top layer with a good hole. If size is not absolutely critical, draw a bigger round hole and carefully finish it.
Resist the urge to scrape it with anything except your fingernails. First keep it wet for a few minutes. The whitish paper part should then come off by using the fingernails. The other part is somewhat insulated by the waterproof layer of paper on top. Try to grab a corner with the nails and peel that layer off to expose the vulnerable part underneath. Gentle heat from a hair dryer should soften the glue. Take you time and don't give up like that last person who worked on it.
I believe this is just coincidence with you moving the machine. When it was sitting there before the move, it had electricity to the board waiting for you to select something. When you unplugged it and re-plugged it you effectively rebooted it like a computer. There may have been a minor surge, but probably not. It was just ready to go and the re-boot tipped it over. Something on the main board has malfunctioned most likely. When you say it turns on when you plug it in, you don't know that more than the fan and light are coming on. You don't know that the secondary(magnetron) is actually turning on. You could put a cup of water inside to check this. If only the light and fan are coming on, there is a remote chance that one of the door switches has failed. For example, a micro switch that is normally open has failed in the closed position and turned the light/fan on. The reason it stops when you open the door is because there is a second back-up switch. I'm making lots of guesses here. I know how to trouble shoot it, yet I still would go buy a new one at that age. The new one will be more powerful and much lighter. I would avoid the newer "inversion"style machine as they are very expensive to repair and offer you nothing in return.
So after all I said, it reset itself. Great. My treadmill has done the same thing.
I would consider using a 1/4" plate of wood inside the drawer and incorporating that black piece of hardware. Bolt it right through both pieces of wood.
The blade has cut its way into the plastic. If you can't reverse it out you will need to pull up where it is stuck and a chip of plastic will come with it. The performance should not be affected by the chip.
I can't see what the rest of the construction is. I offer these possibilities. Could the hinge be lowered a few inches and the old cut-out patched? You could pre-drill and add screws cross-wise between the hinge screws and above where the splits are. The screws could come from either edge of the board. Perhaps longer screws would reach good wood or a through-bolt could be used instead of a wood screw.
You don't need to "replace" freon(R-22). You may in fact need to add some R-22 if there is a leak. Maybe the problem is not a leak. If there is a leak, you want to fix it before pouring expensive freon into a leaky system. The technician comes out and checks the system. He checks the pressure in the system and how much freon the system holds. Then he could give you an estimate of the cost to fill it. So you have the service call, maybe $100. Then the first pound of freon may be $100. Each pound after may be another $75. Fixing the leak depends on the source.
You could always bypass the jack and wire it directly through to the inside. You need to pull that cover off to get to the wires inside. Cut the jack off the wire from the power, strip those wires and solder them to the inside. Protect the wires from straining and breaking again. Alternately, you could replace the inside jack that you ripped the center out of. You might have one in some other device not used around the house. These jacks are available at an electronics store or on line. Contact the manufacturer of the device. Look online for a parts breakdown so you can order the right part.
Adding to the thought of resistance causing heat, the resistance comes from the incomplete connection at the plug. The plug is just two prongs(USA) shoved between two somewhat spring loaded brass plates. And the attachment of the wires from the device to the plugs is usually a crimped fitting. Resistance is inherent in these "loose" connections. If they were soldered, the resistance and heat would be lower. The wires themselves have resistance and heat build-up. Any time you feel a hot plug or wire, the cause should be investigated because it can cause a fire.
Without pictures I must assume it is the most common type of wheel warpage that all bikers experience. This is very simple to repair by adjusting the spokes as frankzzz suggests. This is normal bike maintenance. Best thing to do is some research and acquire this DIY skill.
I had a friend who called everyone "sunshine." Who does not want to be linked to sunshine?
You are out of luck with the suction cup. People repair dents like this all the time by using a dent puller, which is a screw type device with a weighted slider. The metal is weak and bends back easily. You end up with many holes all over the area. The holes are then filled with Bondo and sanded out to your level of ability.
You are not likely to find cheaper rails new even online. It's a crap shoot hoping to find rails at another garage sale or the Salvation Army. You have a bargain cabinet that you can use for storage until you get lucky. It would not be worth it to me to make a set of rails, although it could be done if you have sufficient resources in the junk box. The rails have to be straight and stiff. Anything that achieves that would work. The ends could be made of wood.
If the rim is only warped a little, it's won't bother you much and won't hurt the tire in any case. The problem with a bent rim is that the brakes will grab unevenly. It's like a car with warped brake rotors. It is annoying. Only you can decide if you can live with it.
This is especially good with new shoes where you expect problems. Do it at the first sign, before blistering. Older shoes can develop a defect. Sometime this defect needs to be cut off or ground down with a Dremel type tool. An easy fix is to run duct tape down the inside of the heel and out the back.
Or some butane lighter fluid from a can.
Looks like a proprietary plug end. You are not likely to save much on price. If your device-end portion is OK, you could splice in any cord you have around the house and spend nothing.
eBay has a rack for $10.91 with free shipping. Check the measurements to be sure it would fit.
Home Depot, Lowe's and everybody else sell access panels often used for plumbing. Very easy to find. Very easy to install. Various sizes available. No need to patch what you have. Cheap and aesthetically OK. Just look.
You've been told right. I download everything to avoid the drama of connection problems on the treadmill. Seems there is EMF feedback from the DC motor that takes out the connection.
B sure 2 turn ur volume way up.
I can't see whether the wire is the proper gauge or not. What I don't see is a ground wire. They do make GFCI units that can operate without a separate ground, but I doubt that is what you are trying to install. You need to connect a ground there among other possibilities.
I got seven computers running and I never bother to image any more. I never get viruses or BSODs either. But I have repair disks available and copies of all versions of Windows 32/64. I keep a backup of all my main files on multiple disks so nothing is ever compromised. Even imaging has become obsolete.
Courageous the cowardly dog used to dig like that too.
That's a very old house with lots of rotten wood. The rafters are cracked and that's why they are sistered on places. What I did on a similar roof is sister all the rafters from top to bottom and apply jack studs in the middle. You could park a Buick on the roof now, but who would want to do that? I'd remove those short sister boards and do this right. Lot's of work ahead, but simple.
Copper supposed to be good for hair growth. I started taking copper supplements just for kicks as I don't have any lack of hair. I forgot about it and after six weeks my hair was falling out in the shower. I stopped taking it and that was the end of the temporary loss. Anecdotal story, but whatever.
I can fetch a stick and poop in the right place for treats any time.
It might take some time for the gas to flow. Your wife may not have held a light there long enough.
It looks like two screws would remove the handle. Then something could be pounded in the hole to expand the tube-maybe. That something would have to be round and only slightly smaller than the inside diameter of the tube. Chances are slim that OP would have such an item. Another idea would be to cut the tube at the kink with a hack saw. Remove the kink with long nosed pliers or something jammed in the hole. Test that the handle will go in. Then sleeve the cut tube and epoxy the sleeve.
Your description is also broken. You have numerous options. You could pop rivet the closer to the door using 3/16" rivets. Chances are great you don't have the rivets or tool. You could use larger screws that grab the hole. You could install a hollow wall anchor. You could install a threaded rivnut. Again, no tools, no worky. You could bolt through the door if outward appearance is not important. You could bolt from the outside in if appearance is important. You could relocate the closer to a slightly different position, say half inch further out. You could drill holes outside the edge of the closer bracket and clamp the closer in place using a bracket. You could weld, solder or braze the closer to the door. If these ideas fail, I have more.
And the fact that it is curved makes repair more difficult. I would take advantage of the filigree that covers the glass by applying heavy adhesive there. It won't show any light because it is blacked out by the filigree. For example I might put a coat of Eclectic Goo on all of the filigree and set my pieces in place. Wait for 24 hours and go from there. Make sure you are able to put both pieces together before locking anything in place or do all the pieces at one time.
I like to to use a powered stick blender to mix paint. It does a tremendous job without creating bubbles.
Maybe a piece of the plastic has broken off so the red piece will not stay in place. Apparently, this is a power or charging jack. A short could do some damage, but a shock is not possible with low voltage DC. The center of the jack receives one connection and the outside neck receives the other. Generally, the center is positive and the outside is negative(black). You can verify this by a diagram imprinted on the device. It will show a circle with a line to the center and a plus or minus sign indicating polarity. If you can establish this connection properly, the device will work. I can't spot the center electrode on the jack in your picture. Perhaps that is also broken off. You may need a new jack. These days, we have so much junk lying about that you might find something you could salvage for this project. A replacement jack is your best bet.
I second everything you have said here. I can only add that if op is getting water on the floor, that condensation must be coming from a leak in the connection right there on the floor. He could prevent the damage by fixing that leaky connection. Also, I would put some insulating barrier between the flex pipe and the floor as an added barrier. I sure hope the tube inside the wall is solid instead of this corrugated pipe that collects lint.
Best guess is that you had nothing they wanted and they did not want to carry useless junk and have to pawn it somewhere. Maybe they specialize in guns, cameras, laptops or whatever that was not there. A cookie tin, sure, everybody takes those.
Yes, a set of four Simpson Strong Tie brackets and screws would hold it fine. No need for bolts.
I just go for walks and bike rides with my camera. Some day I'll score that Zapruder film and be famous.
It's really difficult to get anything to stick to that shiny baked surface. At some point soon, that problem will resolve itself because it will break and the more porous surface inside will be available. I'd be tempted to break it off and reglue/seal it with epoxy.
Just Google round bath ceiling heater and you will find what look like direct replacements. Most have fans you can't use. I found one that has heat and a fan to force the heat so that would fill your sound deflection requirements. http://www.westsidewholesale.com/nutone-154.html?keyword=Google_Shopping&amp;gclid=CIvPt57uqNECFQsIaQodSioEKA
You got three good holes to work with. Cut a plywood plate and mount it on the bottom using the three good holes. If people can drive around with one lug nut missing, you will be fine with this.
Well, then go with the rivets. The 7/8" rivets are very commonly available. I found one inch grip rivets cheap too with a large flange. I use these all the time. The 3/16" rivets are much harder to pull than the more standard 1/8" people are used to. I took a rivet tool and added extensions to the arms a few inches to make pulling easier. https://www.nutsandbolts.com/large-flange-aluminumaluminum-blind-rivets-316-x-1-large-flange-aluminum-aluminum-blind-rivets-qty-25-p-3094.html
I use DMSO occasionally. Spread some DMSO on your skin and within seconds you will smell an garlic type smell on your breath. It penetrates the skin and enters the blood stream that fast. So there must be other products that also penetrate.
It appears that the dielectric union on the left has failed and allowed this corrosion. It's not hard to change and it should be changed before it leaks. Any decent plumber can do this.
If you go to something more aggressive like this or "Bar Keeper's Friend", always test it where it won't show, underneath or on the side for example. Start slowly and keep checking for damage by wiping it off early until you are sure it won't take the shine off.
Further, we have no background on this issue. We're just looking at a stub in a wall. How thick is the wall? Can the other side be accessed? Which direction does the pipe run? Can this individual run be shut off? Is there a plan to use this exact spot for water? Does the poster have access to related tools? These answers could make the solution very simple.
I favor something thin of course. Something with a little flexibility is helpful. Plastic is OK. Sheet metal is easy to work with. Sheet metal gives you the option of making a splint that winds around both sides completely or partially.
A simple Google on this dryer says that code 64 is telling you the heating element circuit is now open. Generally, this means it is burned out.
So the meter has been relocated and this pipe is inactive. Why not just chop off the pipe slightly within the wall and patch the cement? I think we were all over thinking the situation.
Not exactly a scarecrow, but confirms your concept. We have an owl statue deployed around our pool and it keeps the geese and ducks away. During the off-season we take it away and the ducks return.
I think condoms, ductape, bleach, rags and garbage bags would be the right combination.
If the play is not too bad, this fix will last indefinitely. The wire of course will add to the wear on the teeth. I would prefer to use a strip of solder or multiple strips as needed. This works for other metal screw repairs like a door closer or a license plate bolt. The extra pieces sticking out are easily broken off to hide the repair.
I disagree with the contractor. Concrete resists flexing. In time that edge will break off. I'm surprised it is not cracked already. It is freezing because water is getting under there and freezing, thus expanding upward. The water is not draining because the substrate does not have the proper aggregatge. There's too much packed dirt or clay. You might improve the situation by removing that filler between the sidewalk and drive and replacing with backer rod and elastomeric caulk to prevent water entry there. No complete guarantee as some water can still enter from the side, but this is something you can do yourself.
Depending on your location, neighbors and municipal code, you also need to consider where you put that extra water.
Looks like hot/cold and a drain pipe in the wall for a previous sink. I would not be surprised if one of the pipes even felt warmer than the other.
Depending on the damage, this is a situation where a fire and emergency damage company would step in and re-mediate the damage. You could try to tarp off the deck from above to limit water entry. Call your insurance company. If they can't help you with the damage they at least know who to call.
That would not be an addiction to me. There have been times where I bought and consumed 20# of carrots in a week. I'm a high intake vegetarian for the most part.
The local honey sold at my vegetable store must be pasteurized. I used that for years with no problems. I also used local honey from a friend's farm with no problem. Then last summer a neighbor had a sign out for honey. The neighbor's mother had a farm and bees. It looked well packaged and very professional. But it was not pasteurized. Now honey kills some bacteria. It can contain amounts of botulism spores that are harmless to adults-they say. First batch causes no problems. I buy another 40ozs. After a few days I'm afflicted with diarrhea and other unpleasantries. I change my diet, but not the prized honey of course. The situation worsens until I make the obvious discovery. It was the honey. Unfortunately, they also say many of the benefits of honey are lost when pasteurized. I'm going back to the store bought honey tomorrow.
Heaters are cheap so repairs are not common. Plus, the manufacturers resist any DIY repairs on their products for safety reasons. Usually, these heaters completely die from the overheat switch going open and you would be done unless you had a replacement part. That could happen to you if the thermostat lets the heater run-away as it is doing. There are contacts on the thermostat. I bet those contacts are frozen together, literally welded together, preventing operation. I would carefully open the contacts and file them a bit with a nail file or even sandpaper on both sides. If you don't go nuts you won't take off enough to change the operation. It's not working now anyway. This is much like filing points on the old pre-1970 cars.
Sometimes it's the obvious things that stump us. I have great reservations about telling you how to do anything because you admit you are not familiar with electrical work. I have all the meters to test this in place. If I did not and needed to assure myself that the new fixture was working I would CAREFULLY push the black and white wire into a working outlet to see if it lit up. You MUST keep your fingers well away from the bare wires to avoid a shock. If it lights up, you know your connection above is faulty. If it does not, maybe the switch is in the off position. If changing that does not work, something is disconnected in the fixture.
The position of the windows has changed over the years. You are not likely going to affect that without replacement. But the latch can be made to work again by adjusting its position. I have done this in two different ways. One way is to Dremel out the mounting holes enough to move the latch where you want. The other is to shim one side of the latch with home made shims made of metal, cardboard or simple washers. The key in doing this is proper diagnosis. There is lots of trial and error involved. I have shimmed as much as 3/8" to fix a door wall just recently.
First thing I would do is assure myself that there is no moisture issue from above. It could be as simple as condensation from lack of insulation in that isolated spot. I don't really see evidence of leakage though. I see evidence of movement, which is extremely common. Tape and compound is too intense for me with a small spot like this. I would use painter's caulk and paint over it. There is some flexibility in the silicone. Or go with a paintable silicone caulk to begin with. I like to overlap just a tiny bit. With the painter's caulk I can do this and smooth it with a fine brush using a mist of water. Yes, if there are loose flaky edges, you want to take them off before proceeding. Run a screwdriver along there or the point of a can opener for example.
I think you want a more professional repair, but I will throw this out in case anybody wants an idea for sleeve repairs. It looks like the ends of both sleeves has become raveled. I like the feel of something soft and warm on my wrists for a jacket when running or just outside. What I have done is find an appropriate pair of socks as donors. They need to be quality socks with the right color and fairly thick woven upper areas. Crew socks have sufficient length. I cut the sock off where the elastic weave meets the bottom. Then I fold it over to double it. I sew the donor sock to the prepared sleeve end. Preparing the sleeve end involves removing the old sleeve end. This can be done by using a seam ripper and methodically "unsewing" everything. Or a redneck way is to just cut the whole thing off with scissors. It takes practice to make this look good. It probably takes me an hour to do one jacket using a sewing machine that has an arm that can be inserted in the sleeve. It could be done by hand too.
I repair computers and was given a computer for free. I don't usually snoop, but I do casually look at files before updating for my use with the same or newer OS. I made the mistake of looking at some emails and discovered that the husband was cheating with call-girls while on business trips. Often they say that the wife always knows. I don't know, but I don't think so in this case. Regardless, I have to take this secret to my grave with a bunch of others.
I'm not positive about forever, but I've stayed with State Farm when I think I could do better on price elsewhere. State Farm took me on when I had a ridiculous driving record as a youth and others would not. And their price at the time was not overwhelming. I've also been an AT&amp;T customer for almost forever. It's always a monumental hassle, but they have always negotiated price to my satisfaction. As of late I have learned never to bother with their "overseas" representatives. They are utterly friendly, understanding and cooperative. However, they make promises that are never executed. Find the American rep and I am successful every time.
I think about how small I am and the seeming infinity of the universe from a human standpoint. I wonder where my molecules came from and where they will go next. I do this both from a spiritual context and purely scientific, if they can be separated.
They say if the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I never want to be that guy. I like to have every tool possible available so everything has a solution. So my handbag would have as many tools as possible, starting with the basics of screwdrivers, pliers, Vice-grips, box cutter and a small flashlight. In fact, I actually do this already, but please don't call it a hand bag. Thank you.
I have always associated this smell with the perfume called Estee Lauder. I realize this is a stereotype, but that name comes in my mind any time I sense that smell. I probably saw that brand on various dressers or something over the years.
I think it is made to operate continually, although it will wear out sooner because there are internal parts that are wearing. Thermostats only operate for so many cycles, for example. It reaches a terminal heat depending on the thermostat and then turns itself off until the next cycle begins. If it ever overheated, it has protection in the circuit to break the current flow, sometimes permanently for the device. It also, by current standards , has a safety cut-off switch if the device falls over. Never operate such a device on anything except the floor. Always make sure there is nothing within several feet of the front as there is no safety protection to prevent ignition. To that end, most modern heaters have a limit to the heat coming out the front and disperse the heat with the fan to prevent fires. Bottom line for safety though, never leave a heater running without an awake adult present. I've had two close calls myself and learned my lesson.
That's sure worth saving. Find a power source and go with it.
I use tons of white crew socks. I mark new socks with letters and numbers on the side at instep level. I match socks after washing and fold them over. Then I can stack them in a drawer neatly.
I don't expect any damage. Washer solvent contains as much alcohol. Wipers are designed for use under this condition and for 1.5 million wipes
Good suggestions and yes, pictures would be helpful. I'd love to see what the previous owner did. HVAC straps usually rust outside. And that threaded rod standoff may have been done because of a high load or deterioration of the fascia or rafter ends.
Is that a copper line? Freeze leak? What will tomorrow's fix be? Soldered coupling? Shark fitting? Inquiring minds like to know.
You don't say what is wrong with the "safety piece." I suppose part is broken off so the switch won't turn on the blender. The 100% right way is to order a new part. A DIY way is to glue the piece back or fabricate a replacement using plastic or sheet metal JB-Welded in place. A more redneck way is to bypass the safety mechanism entirely so you can turn it on at will. This is done by adding an extension to the switch lever so it can be operated from above. But this is unsafe so I could never recommend that you take that approach.
Also, sometimes the tab at the bottom of the fixture where the light screws in is not making contact with the bulb. In that case it can be lifted slightly with a bent paperclip. But this is supposed to be a new fixture so that should not be an issue. I mention it for completeness.
Looks like a submarine hatch. Water in the bilge.
I like the way you got a selfie in there reflecting off the paint.
What you have is a failure in the secondary circuit. That includes the magnetron, capacitor, transformer and diode. Any of those could cause this failure, but the diode is most likely and cheapest. It could be $5. I don't know as I save the old ones from discards. They are generally interchangeable. It looks like a resistor, maybe an inch long plus leads. Don't just go buy a magnetron. It would cost half as much or more as a new oven anyway. Changing it only involves generally four 5mm nuts once you get there. Don't touch it until and unless you have thoroughly diagnosed it and know what you are doing. All the parts can pretty much be checked with a proper meter. For starters, you could find and pull the diode. It should only conduct electricity in one direction. If it works both ways or no way, it is defective.
If there is suction, why do you say it is bad? Are you getting any flow to the outside? Get outside there and feel that by hand. It sounds like you are really getting no flow and just risidual pull you sense with a tissue, unless it really swallows that tissue. There's no special secret. It's blocked or not. Maybe there was some shipping packaging near the vent. Also, you have two 90 degree bends and some length to deal with.
You'll be fine unless water gets into the intake. Whether this could happen depends on where the intake tube is located. You could Google for it. Chances are it's OK since you have had no problem yet. Cars are use to going through puddles and splashing some water into the engine compartment. You could always tape some plastic over the opening where the hood is sprung and that would prevent water entry.
It's a useful hack, but only when you need to lift something with the tool. Otherwise, the eye-bolt can get in the way of close-quarter work.
This is a challenge. You can't see to fix it right. We don't know what types of glue you might have. We don't know your skill level and you want something magic to be set in motion before bed. Challenge accepted. Keep the glasses on while searching for supplies. This fix will use thread, floss or string. Strong thread is best. Then hunt for something to use as a splint. It has to be something you can cut to about an inch and the height of the arm where the break is. Cut two of them. You could use plastic, piece of a metal can, even really tough glossy paper from junk mail if necessary. What you want to do is hold a splint on each side of the arm where the break is and wind thread around and around. Cover the whole area moving your finger position as needed. If you could tie the thread, that would be a plus, but not mandatory. Now start applying your glue over the thread. Spread it with your finger. If it's quick drying you could give it multiple coats. Keep the glue away from your lenses so it won't mark them. Chances are most glues would clean off with finger polish remover anyway. Sometimes I will tape off the lenses by winding masking tape around them. And tape will do. It does not have to be precise. You could wind a rag around them for that matter. Take your time. Work methodically. If this works the arm will be locked in place. Best of luck.
Just anecdotal info here. I knew this man who looked like the stereotypical Down Syndrome individual. His voice had that sound as well. He behaved socially withdrawn too as one might expect. I came to know that he was trying to get into med school, having fulfilled most of the requirements. My mother used to teach special needs girls. They were all considered learning disabled. These were grade school level at the time. I met one later on who was attending Wayne State University. People sometimes have tremendous ability that only needs to be unlocked to be recognized.
I'd just take a Dremel cut-off wheel and cut a slot in the screw to unscrew it. Yes, because of the depth of the hole and size of the wheel, you will also be cutting a slot in the plastic, which should not bother anything.
Best guess would be the water level pressure switch.
I've always mused that I could go by getting run over by a garbage truck while jogging. That is most improbably as garbage trucks make a so much noise, but the mind can tune everything out when you are in the "zone."
I bought a new $185 camera off eBay for $30 with a minor flaw in the flash. I never use the flash and this camera almost takes pictures in the dark anyway. I've been using it all year to the exclusion of six other cameras. I'm addicted to cheap thrills.
