There's been a new Scarlet Spider for years-- Kaine. And he worked out of Houston. And he was **awesome**. I am not even kidding.
Yeah I saw that TIL too.
&gt; Men want advice, women want someone to listen to them and then validate how they feel (i.e., "man, that's tough, sorry about that!") You had me until here. Even as a generalization this is stupid. In my experience it varies far far more on a person-to-person basis. You'd be amazed how many men I've known were talking to me looking for validation, while how many women were looking for actual constructive help. I have yet to notice either gender which leaned one way or the other. Most people want a mix. Anyone who believes this aphorism is a fool.
Oh sweetie, you don't understand the appeal at all. Doctor Who has always been and always will be really cheesy. Even at its absolute zenith the show is a giant mound of six kinds of blended cheesy ridiculousness. You're essentially saying to someone "don't worry the first season of CSI is dumb but they drop a lot of the nonsense technology after that." You're both straight-up lying to get someone to like your favorite show *and* failing to understand what the show's key appeals even are.
Then he looks like the sex offender too oblivious to realize everyone can see him wearing mirrored glasses indoors unless they exclusively play outside in sunny weather.
Women in a lot of athletic and even professional fields tend to have uniform standards that accent their sexual features to a much greater degree than men. Not every woman minds this and a lot of them enjoy the uniform style and that's good too, but as a standard it should be eyebrow-raising at the least.
Whenever someone points out about how weird it is that women are held to a "sexier" uniform standard than men I'm reminded of--oddly enough--Star Trek. Star Trek has been notorious for literally 50 years now for dressing up its lady characters in provocative outfits relative to the men. Sure a lot of the guys got put into weird sexual outfits too, but it wasn't as common, revealing, and by 1982 in the movies and 1990 on The Next Generation the standard had relaxed enough that men weren't forced to wear the tightest suits possible. The ladies on the other hand.... And that's cool enough. No one is really trying to speak for every woman who was on the show, but notice this-- all the regular cast members who were initially put in tight, revealing eye-catching suits like Troi and Seven of Nine were all much more well-regarded whenever they were put into the standard uniform. They were still unambiguously beautiful and feminine, but now they didn't stand out like a sore thumb around a bunch of comparatively sensibly dressed guys. I bet it was easier to concentrate on set too.
No. You are. I mean that too. You could have just drank alone with your thoughts but you came to us. You're gonna get through this man.
I would trade GRRM for Lemmy, Bowie, and Rickman in a heartbeat, no contest. We might even see more books that way.
Was a kid at the time when this aired-- it was lame then too.
He built himself Iron Man shit on a working class kid budget without slinging drugs. If that's a bitch then sign me the fuck up.
Aw baby fell for the clickbait and is mad.
Aw it's not about taking the land, it's about holding it. Idiot.
If you're going to play the "it's a satire" card, then know that Rent is a pretty shitty fucking satire. Most satires have at least some element to tip their hand, but in Rent is plays everything as straight as you can imagine.
I haven't been a fan of Tina Fey's output since about the midpoint of 30 Rock aside from her book, but when that woman is on she is *on*.
Nah, the order goes: * II: Wrath of Khan * IV: The Voyage Home or VI: The Undiscovered Country depending on your preference * Galaxy Quest * First Contact the rest is entirely optional.
John Darnielle is a crazy hard-working dude and his creative energy is fucking **commendable**, but yeah as a very big fan it takes no genius to spot that he's a very limited vocalist and he works against making his lyrics enjoyable more often than not.
**Cry For Judas** is solid, but really? **First Few Desperate Hours** and **This Year**? This Year is good but not a great way to convince someone The Mountain Goats are something *other* than whiny teenager chronicles. First Few Desperate Hours is also good but I can't endorse it. **No Children** on the other hand, showcases them at their 10/10 best. For a third spot I'd take maybe, **Love Love Love** or perhaps **Heretic Pride**, or **Pigs That Ran Straightaway Into The Water, Triumph Of**. Yes these songs are all hook-heavy and "simple" relative to how off the map Darnielle's lyrics can go, but it'll at least get people to respect that he can crank out a really good tune.
It's fake. RiskyRobTV still gets paid.
Hasn't that been happening in Seattle for at least 25 years or so now?
Hunter-gatherer ancestors also ate those fats in extremely low amounts relative to what they eat today.
Not you and the people who upvoted you though. You're the ones who *know*. (I upvoted you)
Including something a bit more specific, like Tinder information. There are assholes out there who send the "your husband is cheating on you. Search his phone for proof." message just to stir shit up.
Well friend it's because we all have to deal with it. It's not that there's no sympathy, but come on what are you doing about it? Guess what? When I get passed up for a lady's attention because a 6'2" dude with a strong jawline and smug look on his face shows up, I'm pissed. Do I fall down and cry? No. I move the fuck on with my life. When my ex-girlfriend in high school decided to shame my 6" dick for not being 8" I was insecure for years. I still am to a degree. Does that mean I have to just give up enjoying what my dick is? There are plenty of women who don't seem to mind it. And it cuts both ways. Do you think the women I've been with have been my "first choice" in terms of sexual attraction? Hell no. Were they the "only ones I could get?" Also no. And guess what? They weren't unattractive at all. Does it chafe sometimes that I'm not a big shot? Of course. But life goes on and just because you're not a movie star doesn't mean you don't get to have an awesome life. So go have an awesome life.
I know right? The compassion drips from his post. Oh wait, not compassion, entitlement. That's the word. Yeah weird how I can get those confused. Oh wait, it's not weird because no one would ever get those confused.
Angel as well. It's frustrating, but that's the entire point.
I should not have read this after reading about prions, because now I'm freaking out.
That's a fair consideration. I'm referring specifically to trying to weedle out information of third parties or sources, or pumping her for information like "was he bigger than me?" Details don't mean **all** the details.
&gt; Ya it is more of a book of humor Then don't fucking source it.
Pity there's likely little rehab in there. Just a lot of management to keep him in line.
Do you even Enterprise?
I'm sorry about whatever happened to you and whomever may have touched you.
It's a sweet bit and Patrice was dynamite at delivery, but it does feel like it's missing the point a little too much for the sake of Black-on-White/White-on-Black comedy. Patrice sells it 100% and it's funny, but it's too broad to catch on.
You seem cool, but as others have said what are you doing to communicate that you're interested in commitment? There's a market of guys out there who are into that, although yeah you run the risk of finding a douche willing to say what you want to hear to sleep with you or some lunk who thinks he wants marriage because he's infatuated with you. As a guy in a similar boat it's hard for me because most women I'm attracted to seem to be locked down in serious commitments already, and those that aren't either have kids from prior relationships (don't want), are just looking for hook-ups (not my bag), or are looking for "Mr. Right" and aren't willing to compromise in the name of mutual growth. It's a numbers game, and I'm sorry it's bothering you so much. I can feel a variant of that frustration and yeah thank god we're happy in other areas of our lives. Still, good luck.
I work in a hospital. I know 20 guys offhand who can do that except one writes novels in his spare time, one plays the guitar, and one is a whiz at home improvement, one is really really buff, several are almost nurses making solid money with great emergency response skills, and so on down the list. Almost all of them have great girlfriends/wives. I'm in a similar boat so understand I'm not saying this to shit on you-- "a good ability to help people when they are in need" is the bare fucking minimum for decent companionship in this world.
Well what do you bring to the table? Do you keep yourself clean and presentable? Are you plugged into the world to some degree and contribute? Do you have any passions or hobbies? If you want them to like you then you **have** to have a good answer for these. And moreover you have to like yourself. No one wants a guy who isn't happy with who he is.
When reaction time can be measured in fractions of seconds? I'm personally skeptical but optimistic.
Nope!
Tell me something I don't know.
With acquaintances, strangers, or work colleagues this can do more harm than good because you're bringing an explicit sexual dimension into the equation instead of one that's relatively nebulous.
&gt;I haven't had a real girlfriend in a very long time, and a good sexual encounter in a long time. For the most part I'm ok with it and trying to get my shit together elsewhere, and my life isn't that bad. Literally the very first thing I said. I also don't put women on pedestals. That's precisely why the problem is annoying-- my body and mind aren't on the same page.
Body language, mostly. Tone of voice helps as well. I understand how tempting it is to dismiss things.
Oh you children. Scooby Doo has been doing the crossover thing so long I'm willing to bet it predates the Bicentennial.
Given the use of ballet it makes me think "everyone wants to be successful, until they realize the rewards aren't worth it."
/r/GetMotivated likes to encourage an animal ferocity that pretends that luck doesn't exist. They're wrong. The worst is when it's someone like Peter Dinklage acting like his work ethic somehow discounts the role of luck or that acknowledging that luck plays a role in life undercuts his effort. It doesn't on either count. No one is ever saying that the successful weren't hard-working or that they weren't exceptional or that their hard work mitigated the role of luck, but they still got lucky in a myriad of ways that no one can plan nor account for. They weren't randomly struck by lightning or delayed that extra 5 minutes by a traffic accident that prevented them from a crucial meeting they might never be aware was crucial, and they were lucky to be born into an economic class with reasonable health that allowed them to pursue the opportunities they wanted in the first place. Acknowledging these factors does not take away from someone being exceptional, it just acknowledges that they're not gods. It takes the truly brave to understand this and go at something whole-hearted anyway.
&gt; 3) Being underpaid and under educated, solitary isolation is a tempting way to deal with a problem child until your shift is over. Then he's someone else's problem. This is my biggest worry, because while banning Solitary is unambiguously A Good Thing I worry that in the long run it's going to contribute to the burnout of the few people willing to take on this difficult job.
[Wonderella made this joke way better like half a decade ago](http://nonadventures.com/2011/07/23/the-long-con/)
For me it's more like "I know I'm ugly but maybe you're into that?"
It's not my thing but I recognize good art, a fun time, and lots of good fanservice for the ladies when I see it.
Oh it's that guy.
At work I'm not really well-integrated nor respected, which is fine as I'm not really looking at it as a career, but it does leave me feeling isolated more often than not. I'm about to go in for 4 out of the next 5 days doing 12.5 hour shifts, and while it's far from the worst job I've had it's going to involve a lot of twilight isolation. And I started school and while I'm happy with my participation, I feel very out of step and challenged by the social aspect. I'm older so I've got the 21 Jump Street problem where the younger students are visibly less mature but more in-tune with modern education, which is fine but leaves me feeling on the outside and before you ask **no** there are not other older students in these particular classes in the same boat. It's also annoying because I'm a natural shit-stirrer and loud-mouth with little grit to back it up, so I'm suppressing my instincts as experience has taught me that running my mouth doesn't collaborate well and ends with me being humiliated. Thanks for listening. I really appreciate it.
Yeah I tend to be pretty avoidant, but at work I think it's because I have a hard time reading other people's needs/demands, a harder time doing smalltalk in an office where I'm an extreme gender minority (often the only guy on a staff of 16), so it's easier to let other people come to me with what they want while I manage my own corner.
Adults whine all the time did you really think they were joking?
Undercover cop on assignment develops split personality from imaginary future drug, ends up brain damaged in a rehab facility that takes braindead junkies and uses them to help farm the plants that the imaginary drug is made of. His police superiors set him up to do this with implied triggers that will help them blow the lid on the whole operation. You just don't notice because 5/6th of the movie is told from the perspective of the junkie as the junkie and you're made to feel his confusion as his brain turns to mush. Woody and RDJ are effectively comic relief and a red herring respectively.
That's a buzzword for "remake" because remake gathered too many negative connotations.
If you're located anywhere near me I'm down. EST? (I know you were being facetious)
Depending on the end, that's surprisingly doable. I'm a beast to the East. Springsteen country.
You're a bit snobby, but the criticism is fair.
I don't care about being better later because there's always a later. I care about being better now.
Counter intuitively you can do more of a favor to him by showing how badly he's done at respecting boundaries. Whether he can learn from that experience is on him.
This has been pretty popular for years in the right circles. It's also amazing at 4 am. Don't know what you're smoking to get so freaked OP.
They'd have to undo 25+ years of shitty practices to do that. Anyone who is fooled by any PR is a child or an idiot with no sense of history.
I imagine if it wasn't for the popular Star Trek movies of the time it would have died a quick death.
He's notorious for being an ass.
I'd watch a movie based on those stories. Seems like a good vehicle for rising comedians.
So you're kind-of a weenis huh?
&gt; You probably look hot jogging on a treadmill and if you don't yet you will. Challenge absolutely accepted. I'm like a bag of bowling balls that wheezes.
Oh hey look that thing that everyone totally saw coming is happening **how could anyone have forseen this!?**
Yeah that's what I thought he meant. /r/blackpeopletwitter is just super stereotype-y and encourages black/white divisions period, which is a soft form of racism. Not some weasel-y "I'm gonna assume you're white so did you know that the sub is racists towards whitey too?"
Use a proxy.
Develop skills and interests that bring something to the table. Girls your age are about as dumb as you but in 3-5 years will jump on you if you've got your shit together and something to offer. If you want to go nerdy look into stuff like blacksmithing/metalworking, music of any stripe, home improvement of all sorts, and of course things like finances and real estate. They're more acquired tastes than anime or video games but the dividends they pay are one hundredfold greater.
Someone paid you for quoting a book
Oh puppy I told you stuff that nerdy girls I've known dig in their men. Develop it now because you never know when you'll run into someone who can appreciate it.
It's a *visual* medium. Am I the first person to ever notice this?
Nah. Unless you're having serious trouble finding the things *period* (you're not), then it's not on that level.
That is what they said. There were loads of nostalgia posts and it seems like Firaxis or whomever just assumed a skin update would sell it, not noticing that Alpha Centauri was a *lot* more than just "Civ in space."
"Things people born after 2000 sincerely believe"
I'd be wary. The reputation is a bit overblown. It's not bad but one of those games that substitutes neon as a shorthand for 80s and hides behind literally everything you could criticize (subpar gameplay, bad meta jokes) as "its supposed to be that way it's a cheesy 80s movie." Try Metal Gear Solid V for some actual 80s gameplay you can hit some Outrun to. No neon but a much more Outrun spirit.
Yeah I was confused. I didn't see Felicity or characters talking about where Felicity is. Are we sure this is a Green Arrow book?
It's set during the 80s and actually looks/feels like the 80s.
If your flair is anything to go by its because as a Mei main my inclination is to torture D.va
Katheryn Winnick is still my top pick but she's a pipe dream. Brie Larson will definitely suit this part well.
Yeah; there's breaking free of self-pity and seizing self-actualization, but that's a totally separate issue from being challenged by external forces and failing that challenge.
She's been around on TV a while, but Vikings is what she's known for.
Nathan Drake is one of the most boring characters I have ever seen in fiction. Krasinski deserves better.
Look up the late 80s Christmas special that has all the "Main" Muppets, the Sesame Street gang, and the Fraggle Rock crew all in one house.
* Iron Man 2 is messy because of a compromised script but is actually pretty damn good. ------------ * The first Thor is wildly underrated. * Chris Hemsworth is great as Thor, but his accent hamstrings him. * I actually *like* Darcy and Erik Selvig. I hate Natalie Portman, even though I like the role her character serves. * Loki is vastly overrated for the same reason the Joker is vastly overrated -------------- * The first Avengers has the best structure and the most fun battle scene in the series, and deserves rightful props, but Joss Whedon's script and direction have already aged very, very poorly. Any interior shot is nigh-guaranteed to suck. Scarlett Johansson looks lost half the time. What the Avengers Initative even is is very poorly spelled out. It's just messy. * Mark Ruffalo in Age of Ultron was *terrible* because his character both went inexplicably backwards and had his social intelligence severely downgraded. * Joss Whedon can't write Chris Evans' Captain America for shit. * Age of Ultron needed to be either much *more* lighthearted and romp-y, or *severely* intimate and dark. Trying to split the difference is why it's such a bloated, overlong movie. In light of Civil War I'm inclined to go with the former. * Quicksilver in Age of Ultron was fantastic and Quicksilver in the X-Men movies is the *worst*. * Making Loki's Scepter the Mind Stone makes narrative sense, but still feels like a cheat. * Ultron in Age of Ultron was a great deal of fun ---------------- * The Mandarin twist rules you weird nerds. ---------------------- * Vincent D'nofrio's Kingpin has the worst affected voice and it ruins his performance. It ruined Season 1 of Daredevil for me. * Krysten Ritter is a great actress and I love her in other things, but she was horribly miscast as Jessica Jones. It ruined that series for me as well. * Agents of Shield didn't "get better" halfway through Season 1. Aside from Kyle MacLachlan's amazing Mr. Hyde, Adrienne Palicki's amazing Mockingbird, J. August Richards' decent Dethlok (I just like J. August Richards and want him to have work), and Clark Gregg being Clark Gregg the series is not worth watching in the slightest.
Literally no one but me knows who these men are
It's John Carter of Mars' powers.
Maybe some strafe boosts. There's only vertical mobility boosts, no horizontal mobility.
Your username says otherwise. With love.
Literally autistic here. I don't feel your advice applies. Most of where I go I'm relegated to having to eat shit because I can't fight back. If I'm on the internet and holed up I can at least make headway in contributing to the world and don't have to be made to feel like crap for existing. "In the garage, I feel safe. No one cares about my ways. In the garage where I belong. No one hears me sing this song." "Oh but you know the song is a metaphor for teenage insecurity, awkwardness, and unrefinement and how we all have to grow out of that eventually..." Literally autistic, remember? I was struggling against that current for over two decades to little headway. Being a recluse and using the internet as my window to the world seems to be the only solution that's working now that I'm leaning into it.
&gt; I agree. I've seen people handwave the lines in TA as Steve himself taking refuge in his Cap persona while he's adjusting to being dumped 70 years in the future in the middle of an alien attack, but after AoU, I think it's pretty clear that, as you say, Whedon's vision of Cap just isn't consistent with the character as presented in his solo films. And personally, I prefer the version from his solo films. Exactly! My favorite was when I criticized the line in /r/movies one time and got dogpiled on for my "militant atheism." Goes to show right? &gt;Word to everything about Banner in AoU, too. I thought Whedon wrote him really well in TA and he was one of my favorite characters in that film, so the way he was written in AoU was a huge letdown. I've seen a lot of criticism of Widow's characterization in AoU and even agree with a lot of it, but I think Bruce got butchered the worst by far. He wasn't even recognizable as the same man. Yeah Widow got badly served to be sure, but Banner, just oh man. The worst part is you can see the better movie struggling to get out. Instead of having Banner open all mopey and insecure about collateral damage how about he's all *cocky* and enjoying being part of the team, not really as concerned with damage like he used to be. Then when Scarlet Witch mind-controls him it's a wake-up call rather than "oh god this thing I've been chronically afraid of forever has been justified for the seventh time." &gt;This one I do have to disagree on. I thought it was boring and Clint's generic Supportive Wife and Adorable Moppets were super bland. The only real redeeming feature for me was Thor stepping on the Lego. Great little character moment. I meant more that it worked narratively as a place of calm and respite... which the movie then screwed by having them fuck off to Korea for a protracted action sequence followed by the Vision crap and followed again by the protracted Sokovia crap. The Korea crap needed to be fitted into the South African part of the storyline. It didn't bother me but I do see what you mean by Clint's perfect wife and kids. &gt;Also, I guess, Cap ripping the log in half with his bare hands, but that was for purely shallow reasons. God bless Marvel's costume designers. :D Yeah I'm a straight man and even I'm glad to see Disney wisely using him and Hemsworth as man-candy for the ladies. I mean I get Scarlet Johansson in push-up bras and skin-tight leather so it's only fair.
Because why would higher classes need a set of social rules dictated by a "higher power" that give them convenient excuses for tithes, opulence, and retention of status?
Marvel comics was founded in 2013
7 million players. They can afford a little indulgence for the long-term.
Pft, you wanker. Why would I be here if I didn't have some inclination to do that already? It's not like this shit gets spammed on /r/all like /r/The_Donald. You aren't breaking the current system and you damn well know it. You're either naive, a dumbass, trying to marshal followers to a cult of personality, or some combination of all three. The main reason non-capitalist forms of society don't take root in the West is the perpetuation of the false identity that one day everyone can be a master of slaves. The second reason is because no one has the leverage nor infrastructure to break the back of capitalist momentum and only the resource-poor have any inclination to forego the creature comforts capitalism provides. The third is because there's no denying that capitalists mobilize fantastic and nearly bottomless methods of retaliation to any serious challenger. So your only real alternative is to wank off on subs like this while you hope for the magical army that is never going to materialize, or the cataclysmic world event that finally reshuffles the global deck which is also very unlikely.
I don't personally think he is, but regardless I get what they were going for-- he's still the insecure fat kid deep down so he affects a big "scary voice." I just didn't buy that because he's *already succeeded*. Part of the point of the Kingpin is that while he's a mush when it comes to Vanessa and his childhood demons on the outside he's the picture of confident, intense power and the voice just undercuts all of that. Seriously a good example is his cameo in Season 2 when he talks with the Punisher for the first time. Takes where he has the voice? Awful. When he doesn't? He's fucking scary. You're still perfectly aware of his humanity, but he actually seems like an adult.
Well like I said they're great "general Captain America" lines, but closer to the version of comics Cap where he's usually portrayed in his 40s. Chris Evans' Cap seems more like he's 28-30, so what are written as world-weary authoritative lines come across as posturing instead of commanding. And hello spectrum friend. We are indeed everywhere on the internet.
&gt; That Natalie Dormer scene kind of makes it seem like Cap is still pretty virginal and awkard around women. He didn't want to screw up what was blossoming with Peggy. &gt; As does his discomfort when Howard talks about Fondue with Peggy. He wanted to ask her if they were fucking but because it's the 1940s and Cap is kind-of dorky he went with an awkward method. &gt; And he was still waiting for his right "dance partner" when he thawed out of the ice. Yeah he never really said that. He ducked the issue until Peggy was literally dead because of how attached to her he was.
No sweat.
My rule of thumb for cool is that what is truly cool is never trying to be cool. You can even think of it thermodynamically if you're a dork-- trying to be cool takes energy which creates heat which in turn makes something hotter than cool. Rule of Cool should only be invoked by a GM and table consensus through something the player wants to do that bends or even breaks some rules, but the player attempting to do so must never be reliant on the Rule of Cool and their action must serve a function other than "wouldn't it be cool if..."
Think positively-- it's a microcosm of the problem Marvel had when X-Men, Fantastic Four, and Spider-man were tied up. Those rights not being available forced them to get creative and really up their game in selling former second-stringers like Iron man, Captain America, and Thor. Now those guys are some of the most popular heroes and a Captain America movie can outperform a Batman/Superman combo flick. So while I **really** want to see the Phalanx and Annihilus and the Negative Zone in the MCU, this too will force Marvel to dig deep and be creative about which cosmic properties to bring to the screen.
Even as late as John Byrne they were still using the "lower gravity" thing to explain at least part of Superman's powerset, although it doesn't really matter either way. But yeah O.G. Superman is such a direct riff on John Carter it's surprising no one got sued. "Stranger from another world where the lower gravity makes him more than a mere man, but a champion of the people. He can leap great distances, has the strength of ten men, and his senses are sharpened beyond even the most highly trained soldier."
I don't owe you shit.
They even show this in the movie as every woman he passes on the street is repulsed. Again why the cafe goes along with it, I couldn't tell you.
In a Greek sense? No, I don't think so. In a "sympathetic pity" sense? Yeah Castle's up there.
[OP blew his shot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fdcIwHKd_s)
Quicksilver is older by 12 seconds
Uh.... yeah. No. Here's the secret: All the really great superhero stories don't require you to know much about the continuity beforehand. ------------------------ Do you think I know that much about DC's Western characters or Arion the Atlantean Wizard from pre-1986 continuity? Of course not. But I was still able to follow and appreciate *Crisis on Infinite Earths* just fine. On the other hand Final Crisis is going to be nigh-impenetrable without annotations and a cast list because frankly it's not nearly as well-told. --------------------------- The rule of thumb with comics that newbies never follow because "they want to start at the beginning" is that regardless of where you start you pick an issue and then you work your knowledge base outwards unless you want to slog through literal decades of 1930s garbage before you get to anything resembling the heroes and universe you know and then two decades more before it starts to coalesce in a satisfying way. If a comic is too dense or incomprehensible, you pick up a different one. Eventually you hit on some ABC book like Batman: The Long Halloween and you're off to the races. ----------------------------- Now granted DC has been kind-of a dumpster fire for about 12 straight years now, but even then you can figure out a fair bit with Wikipedia and reddit. ------------------ So yeah, the big "Rebirth" push? Not that important in the scheme of things for newbies as you might think. That's more the fault of DC for not pushing "Marvel Now!" seasons of comic books to offer frequent jumping-on points, instead doing that weird half-assed thing where they try to clear the table and reshuffle their deck simultaneously.
Which is why it's hilarious to watch you guys eat crap like DC: Rebirth and call it chocolate.
It benefits their business in absolutely no way to not have projects announced for their shareholders and to give tie-in companies a head-start on what to expect. Plus fan buzz and press over these things.
Because Cranston would be a casting "get" for the MCU. There's nothing mystical about it.
There's no set time. You can skim over in less than an eyeblink or spend hours dissecting each line. That's one of the interesting things about comics that keep them from being "books with pictures" or "key frames of movies." You can read them in a non-linear fashion and entirely at your own pace.
Just a reminder that this guy has more sex with hotter women than you ever will. /r/theredpill /r/mensrights and /r/foreverunwanted await you with open arms. E-- [uj] either a lot of y'all can't pick up the sarcasm or we have some very sad MCJ users in the audience.
Oh puppy, we were saying stuff like this back in *2000* when the cinema landscape was mostly dominated by Matrix wannabes, much less a $10 billion franchise juggernaut like the MCU. What people used to call the "superhero movie wave" has proven to be more of a superhero deluge that has settled and formed a lake ontop of the blockbuster industry. League will slot in just fine.
I have nothing against this, it's the kind-of concept that lends itself to a bevy of great interpretations. I just don't know what vision they possibly have for this remake. A fun Hollywood romp is what they tried before, they're definitely not going to go the lit-nerd route of Moore's book, but what else really is there in-between for a high-budget special effects adventure movie?
Functionally next to nothing.
So I see. Interesting.
A class does not translate to action, nor even necessarily understanding. They know that though. They're taught how to pass off and mollify with euphemisms or coded language because "fuck you, we're doing business and you're getting in the way of *me* making money."
&gt; Brian Tee Might be. He's closer.
&gt; Daniel Henney I am spending way more time than I thought checking out Asian beefcakes today.
[Learn your history kids. It could save your life.](http://imgur.com/m1s4MYy)
Jesus Christ 30 years and the high watermarks are still some Elseworlds side projects. I love those books too but it's honestly kind-of sad that DC still has nothing it'd rather show on top.
No one but uneducated swine say that Citizen Kane is the best movie because they recognize that "best" is a meaningless benchmark in fiction. Citizen Kane was a massively important movie, is what they say, because it was, and it happens to remain very watchable and modern for a movie of the period. Watchmen didn't redefine shit btw. It was a trendsetter for "dark" styles that rarely worked out well in the long term and a misguided notion that treating a superhero story with metatextuality was the same thing as revealing depth. The only "dark" book that proved genuinely revolutionary work from that era was Miracleman. The Dark Knight Returns had a lot of technical influence too. The rest was actually pretty *evolutionary*, there was simply a crest between the relaxing of the Comics Code, the rise of the Adult Reader/Fan-turned-creator, and the market shifting to comic shops wherein experimentation and refinement in storytelling was given much more freedom to explore. No. The sadness is that after 30 years DC still beats the drum of those side projects when there have been dozens of other worthy works: All-Star Superman, 52, Green Lantern: Rebirth, Morrison's JLA, most of the Veritgo books from the late 80s/early 90s, Blue Beetle v.3, The Court of Owls, Rucka's Wonder Woman, Simone's Wonder Woman, Azarello's Wonder Woman, Birds of Prey, Young Justice, Secret Six, and many more. It says a troubling amount about the faith they have in their own recent (re: past quarter-century plus) work, as well as the manchildren who still cling to those two books (I've written term papers on Watchmen and TDKR rocked my world when I was 14 this is in my wheelhouse).
It's done that for most of the X-Men movies.
&gt; The cynic will say that Anet does this on purpose in order to force people to buy HoT. Other people might say that the introduction of that many new skills and traits always causes balance problems and that Anet hasn't been effective yet at addressing those problems. I think it's a bit of both. Balancing everything out really must be a scary and time-consuming proposition, and that proposition yields relatively little in the way of immediate or even moderate profits with the passive benefit of encouraging HoT purchases, so....
I think the timeline goes a little like this: * Hulk + the Avengers save New York * Thus the world governments are leery of taking Banner in because it's a bit like telling the world you want to arrest Santa Claus for getting cookie crumbs everywhere. * Cap, Widow, and Falcon expose Hyrda * Thus the world governments are caught on their back foot and wary of pressing onto the Avengers * Age of Ultron happens, where the Avengers fuck up three cities to clean up an in-house matter related to scary space bullshit involving magic rocks and killer robots. * Thus the world governments finally have their window to step in. They probably want to crunch Banner in particular, but he's MIA. They definitely want to crunch Stark, but since he's the heaviest hitter in their corner they basically decide to give him an informal pardon in exchange for his compliance. That logic doesn't *entirely* hold by the end of Civil War where Stark is telling Ross to go fuck himself, as all that's going to do is bring Ross to harass Tony, but hey 95% of the way ain't bad.
Who cares
Yeah this is going to get spanked hard.
If you aren't starting with the 70s Super Sentai and doing airdate-order viewings between those series and Kamen Rider then I don't even want to fucking know you
&gt; Introversion is the new label for quiet egoists, who want to hug themselves for being so sensitive. I know I'm not the only one but it still feels vindicating to remember other people see this too. Hugbox time!
&gt; essentially its weather you feel mentally drained or stimulated interacting with people socially That isn't a predisposition the same way you aren't predisposed to feel energized or drained while driving a car or playing a video game. You can feel either depending on a host of circumstances wholly unrelated to your brain's fundamental wiring. That's why it's pseudoscientific bullshit for people who'd rather invent a nice label to excuse their self-interested tendencies.
Yeah everyone acts like cheese/camp means you *can't* enjoy something, or if you do you must be somehow not noticing the cheese/camp. 75% of the time I'm watching Star Trek it's to laugh at it, but I do so knowing it's in on the joke and the remaining 25% are dedicated to the occasional good/great episode and fun worldbuilding stuff.
&gt; it's superheroes, not a fucking soap opera Sweetie I have some bad news for you if you think superheroes and soap operas have no overlap.
I'm a really hardcore fan, and Marvel has only made one true-blue casting misfire of an established character in their entire mega-franchise so far: Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones. Everyone else has hit their mark to varying degrees. *Everyone*. Trust in Marvel, they have earned it.
This was the biggest mindfuck in non-linear storytelling since Nolan's Batman v Wolverine: Dawn of Magic
If you think that's anywhere near the threshold of weird for Japan or anywhere then you're a lily white wimp.
Bronze Age, with an honorable mention to the early 00s, if we're talking raw average quality of story. That said every era has its virtues and drawbacks.
You two both sound really immature. Take some time to grow up and learn from this.
I've been around since the dial up days son. I remember when memes were just image macros. Impact font wasn't even codified as a vaguely corporate standard. Internet Memes have never made any real world sense. They really haven't. That's nine tenths of why seeing them used on flyers and commercials and shit, even when used "correctly", is painful and liable to end up in this sub.
I mean long running series known for melodrama, left field tone shifts, inconsistent creative vision, rotating casts, stunts like shock deaths or surprise resurrections, running in perpetuity? Nah doesn't sound like any superhero comic I've ever read. Now let's go read Civil War 2 and DC Rebirth again
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Yes but not exclusively consumers. They do produce some form of good or service in order to be able to consume after all.
Makes me wish for true blue Hellblazer art. The pop art student stuff off the vertigo book was way cooler
Welcome to super early YouTube
She's the asshole for not thinking long term which is a huge danger sign when it comes to taking care of a living creature. You're a bit of an asshole for not understanding that the desire to take care of, nurture, and have something to come home to are the base reasons anyone ever gets a pet. Still, given the allergies, she's the asshole for not recognizing a bad investment.
I predate 4chan by as many aeons as 4chan does these whelps. The channers were weak in my day. We called them "the board that eats itself." They were little more than runoff vermin too weak to proliferate anywhere else. I come from an older time, and there are times older still. Primordial boards of shadow boards and pure text. Such gods are still rumored to walk among us.
I've worked in hospitals and seen how people can die. Believe me, overdose on anesthesia is near the top of the list of best ways to go.
It would... if you had access to the chemicals you needed. That shit is kept on a tight leash for that exact reason.
Nah I'm not gonna freak because you have a pragmatic approach to death. How do you think I knew about the chemicals being hard to get? It really is probably the gold standard of methods though. There are gases but you run the risk of the damn thing not working and you mentally retard yourself. Anaesthetic just stops your heart after you go under. Even a bad failure would likely leave you close enough to death that you won't come up again.
Cool. I don't think so and I adore Ritter in other things. She was wrong for the part, I'm very sad to say.
And if it did you wouldn't give it a second's notice
I remember a friend having a book version of this around 98 or so. Man it has been a while.
Yeah. Well euthanasia definitely isn't there yet, and the hoops you'd have to jump through to do it yourself are pretty damn ridiculous. I'm sure there's some dime store concoction that would do the job but you'd need to be obsessively studied in chemistry and pharmacology to know it, and any info on it suppressed the same way bomb making instructions or RFID bypassing tips are suppressed if not censored.
Because you're on the fast track to the point where there are no kids left.
Nah. Just uncle Reinhardt
Well that's as good as it reasonably ever gets
She absolutely needs coverage from teammates, preferably a tank.
So cut me that check boy-o. Or at least Grant Morrison he did a lot of the legwork. Then tell your boss how hard it's going to be making a Holocaust victim unsympathetic for the sake of a broader thematic point. (No seriously most fans would sooner give up masturbation than spurn the "badass antihero with tragic backstory" angle of characters like Magneto, Loki, and Doctor Doom even though all are still ultimately villains, and I'm including the most famous Xmen writers of all time in that category.)
You are either very, very young or deeply uneducated.
This one is pretty common.
gb2 gbs E-- I am slightly alarmed but not at all surprised how many people are getting this.
Whatever rationalization keeps you afloat champ.
[t.hanks but no t.hanks the nadir will never be beat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfxXug5ZMdk)
Sweetie this is the WB the only thing they've reliably put out in 30 years are Batman movies. Just let them stick to what they're good at.
yeah /u/karatemanchan37 for fuck's sake get it together
I have zero nostalgia for the original, I just think the entire concept is right wing wankery (nothing against the right wing; wankery is wankery).
Intelligence and wisdom are two different stats for a reason
More know than you'd think
Bingo. Find a middle ground between handler, friend, mentor/teacher, and stranger. Articulate and learn to articulate where things stand between you and her both physically, developmentally, and emotionally on a regular, consistent basis, especially when things are not OK. Autistics can have a lot of trouble feeling oriented to the larger world so do your part to keep her calibrated. Let her know that you will work to earn her trust but that sometimes you need her to respect your authority implicitly. Find her preferred methods of communication and develop those. During calm times ask her what you can do for her during meltdowns or overloads.
Everyone wants to play the ethics card unless it's the people they call their team. I mean this for right and left wing jackasses.
Funny Johns only brought him back because Jordan was a hero when he was a kid. Fuck Geoff Johns man. So talented when he isn't pulling fanboy bullshit
A lot of people with active sex lives aren't nearly as uptight as you
Manchild uncle
Excuse me, **Wil**ennium
Yeah there was a lot of overlap between Japan and the west in the eighties. They fed into each other.
It's been sixteen years since Banjo Tooie. Infants born that year are now getting their drivers licenses and applying to colleges. For a solid ten of those years it looked like a follow up of any kind was impossible. Be grateful for what we're getting son.
You got what I was saying. Have a cookie.
Then your school kind-of sucked because the one I went to had us getting our shit together at 16. That way we weren't blindsided our senior year.
[uj]A lot of them are guys who feel disempowered because they're not strong, talented, driven, successful, and above all powerful/rich enough for their liking, and whether they realize it or not they need a target they can get away with hitting. So marketers and the bottom 10% of truly crazy motherfuckers feed into that by recasting literal minority demographics and portraying them as this nebulous, concentrated "other" full of unreasonable demands and a particular focus onto men like them. Then this mentality gets fed into via internet echo chambers. Even if they never leave /r/movies there are enough pure content threads on the "Sjw boogeyman" that conflate the bottom 10% of crazy radicals with everyone who is saying "Hey shouldn't there be more Asian leads? Shouldn't these lady characters be treated with a bit more dimension?" The fact that most people are absolute dogshit at discussion and argument on the internet in-turn fans the flames, and you quickly devolve into everyone slapfighting, name-calling, and above all *factionalizing*. So soon you get these fissures and divisions that feed into themselves, and grown-ass men who honestly believe there is a cabal of women, LGBT people, racial minorities, and "cucks" actively fighting them and worth a moral crusade over. They unironically believe in the sexist, racist garbage they spout because no one believes themselves to be a monster, and challenging those beliefs often means taking an uncomfortable inventory of their lives. Or I don't know, they smell bad and have stupid face. I couldn't really tell you.
I'm not a fan of his movies but credit where it's due--that is a fantastic poster. Very derivative, but in the best way that makes it seem fresh and new again.
I watched it for the first time out of raw curiosity a few months ago, and it didn't work out well. It's not bad, it's not good, it's just dull, which is the worst thing a campy (no pun intended) movie can be.
I'll take "confrontations we will never see" for $400. Seriously if the manga somehow ends with an actual resolution to the Guts/Griffith Eclipse debacle I'll eat my hat.
&gt; Steven S. DeKnight He's a writer. He's got 4 other directing credits to his name and they're all episodes of TV shows. Speaking as a giant Buffy/Angel fan who was watching episodes he wrote/directed literally this morning (Why We Fight and Shells)--I have no faith in his ability to direct a tentpole blockbuster.
Oh yeah you mean the world where a man uploaded his consciousness into a bunch of 70s hard drives to help covertly run a secret Nazi mad science cult with a plan to hijack 3 flying aircraft carriers to simultaneously wipe out gigantic chunks of the US population. Yeah, that real world. Kid I know where you're coming from but what you don't seem to have understood is that the first Captain America movie was deliberately "pulpy" in that it was a deliberate evocation of the look, feel, and tone of the 1930s/1940s "Golden Age" comic books Captain America was first brought up in. It was the right tonal choice because trying to cast Captain America and his moral code against say, Saving Private Ryan (even a heavily sanitized version) would have looked absurd. So Marvel wisely kept the whole thing swimming in a sea of borderline cartoon sensibilities contrasted with the very human and real moral center that they needed to establish in Steve Rogers. That's why Winter Soldier and CW work so well because they involve that man very much from an entirely different world than the rest of the MCU working like a white blood cell to clean up messiness inherent in a system no less cartoonish but more tonally grounded.
Every pale white girl who can mug and put on a bad accent would make a great Harley Quinn. That's part of why she's so popular.
That is very weird.
&gt; To say he's lost his passion for making Berserk maybe a bit misguided in your impatience, or maybe it's right because he did try out other mangas other than berserk. The dude has been writing it since 1998 ffs. Point is good things take time... You sound *just* like apologists for The Wheel of Time and A Song of Ice and Fire, and even the Kvothe trilogy-- sunk-cost chumps who can't admit that the author of the story they liked has crossed the threshold wherein an ending of any kind is likely, much less a satisfactory one.
&gt;Knowing that those responsible got away with it scott free and are now forever beyond my reach has been the source of more suffering by far than the stuff they actually said and did at the time. It has undermined my belief in justice and left me feeling like I am uniquely okay to mistreat, where others are not. First, let me say that I relate to this 100%. What keeps me up during the bad nights aren't what people said, or did, nor even that I didn't fight back, it's knowing that there was and is no recourse. The sense of disempowerment is so thick it threatens to suffocate. Whether you believe me or not, *I get it*. &gt;The reason aspies continue to be a popular target for harassment and violence is because there are not sufficiently severe consequences for it. &gt;This creates the perception that we are an acceptable target for humiliation and violence. I think the only way to counter that is a series of high profile, successful prosecutions of NTs for bullying persons on the spectrum, with consequences that last their entire lives (just like the effects of their bullying). Going to stress again, I agree with you. But you're describing a "what", not a "how." I am not a lawyer, but I imagine there's a lot more to deterring bullying than establishing precedent. For one the legal eagle in my family is always fond of saying "it's not about what happened, it's about what you can prove," which of course means that prosecution attempts can be reversed. Not being defeatist, just saying if you want this sort of strategy it requires the grieved parties to have their shit on lock, and in case you haven't noticed co-ordinating Aspies is like herding cats. &gt;For this reason I would urge anyone here to pursue prosecution in cases of bullying that constitute criminal acts, to the furthest extent you are financially and legally able to. Bite deeply and hard. Take the proverbial "pound of flesh", so that bullies can experience some of the suffering they have caused and to stay the hands and lips of would-be bullies in the future. This really is going to sound defeatist but all you have here is sentiment. Do you know who the worst bullies I've had have been? People who feel insulated by their money and status. Status can be a paper tiger that just requires careful maneuvering and strong allies, but you can't fake the power of money, and when status *isn't* smoke and mirrors it's like swimming upstream--a lot of work for little headway. If you truly want to combat bullying you also want to combat the notion of privilege and class, and to do that you're fighting against base institutions of humanity going back to pre-recorded civilization. While it's commendable to want to improve the lot for all ND individuals like us who have needlessly suffered, creating a privilege for NDs requires leverage that many are never going to have. That's not to say "suck it up and take it" or "every man for himself," but I find the best good can be done through indirect means of subterfuge rather than trying to publicly challenge anyone in a legal arena. Sun Tzu's sentiment in "The Art of War" basically says as much-- if you are fighting directly and in the open you are either 100% sure of victory or you have no other choice, and if you have no other choice you have fucking failed at war.
"What would you do, if you had a million dollars?" "Reflect two ultimates at the same time."
For the Silver Age that's pretty damn mild. Did you know that The Thing from the Fantastic Four was also Blackbeard? Because [The Thing](http://imgur.com/uWbbEH5) is totally Blackbeard.
Well it took them 25 years but they did it.
Well that's the insidious part. At the end of the day it's a documentary to at least partially get money primarily from the demographic who needs to hear its message the least. I hate that what I'm about to say could be misconstrued as an inverse example due to perceived factional belief, but this documentary isn't that dissimilar to "God's Not Dead." Neither are going to truly challenge nor convert anyone who wasn't already heavily disposed to the ethos presented.
Yes.
&gt; Nah he doesn't think he's that good looking. Then he takes the value they add to him for granted. Looks are very far from everything in a man, but they do matter.
&gt; That's not what she said exactly. She said she would make it ONLY if it made sense. Actor doesn't act overeager. Turns out that actors can act.
&gt;Yeah, cause recasting The Hulk was such a problem. The Hulk was a special case and you know it, being by far the most well-known MCU hero pre-MCU and having had multiple adaptations in one decade with multiple actors. When Marvel Studios can stick the landing after losing RDJ, then we'll talk. I know you said /s but come on. &gt; I think if it makes sense to bring Red Skull back, they should do it with an actor who WANTS to be Red Skull. I am so sick of the "ew but the make-up" actors (I am looking at you Mystique). I would rather have an actor who wants the role than a "star" who doesn't, for whatever reason. Ok you have no clue how uncomfortable makeup can be. Have you ever been on a stage or in front of a camera? Between the costumes, and lights the heat is *intense*. Concealing the sweat is a real thing, and there is very little actual glamour or comfort when in actor is in the thick of their craft. Now compound that with glued-on rubber/plastic/gel/silicon prosthetics and heavy greasy paint that requires you to not only sit in a chair for hours on end every single day for months. You can't sit or eat or relax while you're in the gear. You have to endure endless touch-ups. Now imagine you're doing all that except you're also functionally naked. It is bullshit the way practical considerations like politics or logistics get in the way of making a good movie, but as far as bones to pick makeup is low on the scale. "BUT THEY MAKE SO MUCH MONEY..." so the fuck what? Money is on perceived value, not as compensation for torturous conditions. We pay Doctors for the sum total of their intelligence and training, not because we expect them to perform all of their care in unbearable conditions. They might have to, but that's not why we pay them so highly.
"Hey boss remember that Del Toro pitch 'Justice League Dark" we said no to a while back?" "Yeah" "Redditors and other weirdos won't shut up about it." "Like 'Deadpool' won't shut up about it or 'Scott Pilgrim' won't shut up about it?" "'Scott Pilgrim'" "Greenlight an animated movie." "Good idea."
k.
