I honestly don't get the joke.
It's a myth. I also bought him a house. edit - shit, forgot to logout of the throwaway
I remember something about how she wanted to try for a role on Becker. Which in her defense she was on like 7 seasons of when I think that season when she left was the last one. I can understand the decision. They should have just killed off Dax altogether.
The Dominion War arc was my favorite arc in all of Trek. I prefer the serialization. I think those two things gave the show a certain edge. You can see it in Ron Moores post DS9 show BSG. Everything just has a more realistic feel, and non-serialized shows are more for the casual viewer. I guess at that point they figured a large portion of fans who watched every week could handle a storyline that lasts longer than 44 minutes.
Yeah, Federites mimicing Klingon culture was always cringe, Sisko was the only one who could pull it off.
Ah, ok, interesting. I mean, he is a tailor after all, he's already half way there lol. I thought it was going to be about Bashir and that time he and Obrian were talking about how much they liked each other and how Obrian likes Bashir more than Keiko.
They spoil Raw every week as well.
I prefer the instrumentals. Especially ones with a 2-3 second intro like Brocks and Ambrose. Edit: At least I dont think theirs have lyrics, if they do I guess that shows how much I pay attention to the lyrics.
&gt;There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again. -/u/SuperkickParty
The left hand never shows up.
Thats how my LED lantern works, I guess it has a sensor in it or something. Wyatt fumbling around on the bottom for a on/off switch doesnt seem as cool.
Lol, but you are blowing it out right? The air flow is detected by an electrical switch which switches to "off", which stops the current. It's the same concept, but we are in the middle of the "Forever" part of "Then, Now, Forever", so they are still trying to find a way to seamlessly integrate the technology. The Raw set/lighting is fucking bland, as long as we are talking about technology. Like look up 3D Projection or crazy light painting on youtube, I think WWE really needs to adopt some of that stuff. Growing up the pyro and entrance music played a huge part in getting me amped for the show, it's something that's missing and is being overlooked, imo.
Good Lord. Has the cape always had spots or is his the first one to use them?
I was looking it up and found that it either is/was used to represent Ermine tails, which were apparantly super expensive and thus kingly.
For some reason that cape looks way better, even the spots.
The Naziland episodes were some of my favorites.
Muradin was allied with the Paladins, which were Alliance at that point, before he was killed by Arthas after he was consumed by the sword of the Lich King. So I'm thinking it's just a new hero card. Did Muradin reappear in Wow? I never played it.
You're so jealous. It's sad but also kind of cute (:
Oh Jesus fucking Christ.
It just bugs me because Arthas was obviously being a cunt before they got to the mountain but that was like the final act that really just destroyed what little humanity he had left. I really liked the character of Muradin so it's not that I'm upset about seeing him again, it just kind of takes something away from Arthas' betrayal.
That's a good point. Although I don't think Gul'dan can ever really die.
There entire streaming service is on Game Of Thrones back. I'm not saying if that's good or bad, it just is.
Untrue. He is in a very secure financial spot and able to do whatever he wants *because* of this guys and everyone else buying his shit. He does have a responsibility.
My real problem is balls in water.
Crap. My opinion doesn't matter though. As long as their data shows people aren't spending less because of it and also as long as they need the money they are saving off it is what's best for business. But seriously Big 4 at least need their own sets. EC has its own set, which is the chamber itself.
Have you watched any of the "30 for 30" ESPN documentaries? They cover a wide range of topics, each one has a different director. They're pretty cool.
Maybe in like 20 years ESPN and Netflix will do a "60 for 60" documentary and one will be about Vince struggling to hide his condition from everyone
I'd rather spend 9.99 to get the cards I need to at least be somewhat competitive
The once oh so familiar attraction doesn't come back when you're 30 either. The next woman who is able to convince me to hang out with her will probably be the one I marry.
&gt;Edit: Just saw the other 700 Summer comments FTFY
I thought that was the hint since Pratt runs with the raptors in the commercials. They have been domesticated, perhaps only the raptors.
I was, I could be, more here now than before I am
Every move he makes is counteracting the gyros. That thing is fighting like hell to keep him on, but he is instinctively pushing the handles back forward because the counteracting force makes him feel like he's falling backward. If he just stopped moving or lean forward he'd be fine, but he's stopping the lean because he doesn't trust that it won't tip over. Trust the machine!
It's a way to play the game and win quickly which causes thousands of people to bitch because they can't alter the decks. To put it in perspective, is a ring out a victory in Soul Caliber? Yes. The person who gets ring outed then bitches about it being cheap because they didn't have the presence of mind to roll to the side.
Core hound is horrible because it gets outed by BGH with it's battlecry. I've won quite a few games with a tundra on the board. Saved my ass on numerous occasions, especially if you craft a couple Highmanes.
Tornado's create alot of wind. I mean, I'm not a scientist but it's the same reason a boat won't sail through a hurricane.
Found Kripparians account guys.
I believe the Icy Vein deck is just a little older, and is a totally basic deck, as in it only uses cards you start out with. You don't need any crafting or purchase packs for their basic decks. I will say it's better to buy expansions, you *really* need those cards. Worry about the packs later. I always play two tundras. Their high health and ability to give other beasts charge can be a lifesaver. I always run two Houndmasters as well so you can actually make it's health 9 and give it taunt. The first thing I'd do is level up your hunter to 10 to get those class cards. Then you can go into the crafting section and make you two Savanna Highmanes and two Unleash the Hounds, and all trap cards except Snake Trap, in that order (if you can't do it all at once just keep at it, remember you can disenchant cards for more dust, don't overdo it though you never know what you might need, but I wouldn't worry too much as you're just starting out). Highmanes have 6 attack and drop two 2/2 hyenas on death, so what I like to do is save up a tundra, then drop a Savanna, then houndmaster it. That's an 8 attack on a charge from the Highmane. I've never really had messed with the Buzzard, it got nerfed before my time, but try it out, it just depends on your deck and how you play it. Also again, I'd go with the expansions first. Then use those cards to make new decks to use in Arena or Ranked Quests and use that gold to buy new packs. It's a much better investment, you're not gonna get far without those expansion cards.
My hometown news team!
It's on like 90% of paper cups in existence.
So someone saying definitely they do not want to do something is "all but confirmed"? Lol I wish I had your optimism, SCSA isn't that 18yo from domino's who you start talking to and find out she just got kicked out, and then doesn't want to fool around but you guys get drunk and fuck. Then she moves to Alaska for 10 months and comes back with a kid that apparently belongs to you. Yeah, Ive had a bad week.
I honestly was expecting way way more. I think it would have been better suited for posterity to just show close up shots of her face and then the reaction shots from people in the arena. It killed the entire episode for me. And in 5 years it's going to look even worse. Look at something like HP: TDH where they use the dragon to escape from Gringotts, and that was how long ago? 5 years? And it still looks amazing. They should have bit the bullet and sunk a few more dollars into that scene.
I thought she was gonna go get the other dragons to help
I prefer clams.
I have been wanting to say something similar since last season. She's very one dimensional and honestly at this point in the series I wholeheartedly dislike her. I can't really put my finger on it.
Even if he hadn't of redeemed himself the incest thing wasn't a negative for me with him, or any of the characters really. If that's what two people want then that's what they want, it doesn't effect me at all. I actually got into an argument with co-workers about this topic lol.
I just made a post about her in the post-show discussion thread. I thought I was the only one who was getting really sick of her. I can't identify with her at all, and she seems callous and uncaring 99% of the time. The lingering reaction shots of her when Jorah was fighting reminded me of Twilight. I'm just upset because they're ruining what was at one point my favorite character. At this point I almost hope she fails.
I think it would be a nice match as far as "concept" but in practice it would be a somewhat boring brawl. I'd rather see KO/Lesnar as well but I doubt they'd risk that match-up at a WM. Too big of a chance to take on Owens at this point. She was actually from here but her sister had moved there with her new husband so I guess she decided to go there after she freaked out.
I'd find this hilarious. Not something he can get fired over.
I'm pretty sure you can complain all you want, it's just how you do it. Also most of those places have you sign a Social Media policy upon hiring, which would then definitely make it possible. Without that though I'm not sure how easy it would be.
I understand what you're saying, if it was just some random dragon shot next week or whatever, yeah I see your point. But this is possibly the series defining moment, I think it's a little more important than you do, I guess. And yeah I know they had a lot more money but it was almost 5 years ago, usually the price for animation and such of a comparable nature go down over a time period like that.
I don't see it either, any normal human wouldn't turn away from that. The only thing I can think of is that they are downplaying it until the time of the official announcement to get the maximum pop. I mean why else would he say he's not going to do it? I get the whole playing for more money thing, I guess I just imagine Steve/Vince in a no bullshit kind of way. If that's the case then I'm sure Steve knows that Vince knows that Steve knows he wants to do it.
Also the Daily Show live comes on at 11pm, 3 hours after SmackDown, and it's on 4 days a week.
He fucked it up. Ideally it would have went &gt;book it how smarks want it &amp; it'll become mainstream!!! &gt;&gt;FTFY Then maybe it would have been funny.
How old are you? I'm genuinely curious, I'm not attempting to mock you. I can assure you the message boards and sites of the late 90's wouldn't even be recognizable next to their modern day counterparts.
Wait. What do you mean "the person who plays the music"?? All the wrestlers have a unique electronic sensor in their boots that triggers the music when they reach the entryway.
Giuchie, Giuchie, ya ya dada
No. Come on guys, let's bring this baby to the top!
The dragons are still young and inexperienced, this was probably the first time he had to take on a group of humans at once, his first battle. He didn't even shoot flames from the air, he had to land first. I wouldn't really compare them to the super war dragons of her ancestors....yet.
Well. He would have had to have been close by all along. I got the feeling it was implied that she was doing some sort of psychic summoning.
Because if she had then Stannis wouldn't have decided to kill his daughter, and I'm sure she wanted that to happen. If he's weaker mentally then she has more power over him.
Oh, so she's a god-figure of sorts? Ugh. I'm liking her less and less.
The Unsullied strength lies in numbers and their inability to feel pain and emotion. Grey Worm was a special case. Fighting in an actual battle and fighting urban guerilla style are two different things. Their main weapon is a spear, it's best used in combat in groups, not 1 spear vs 5 people with daggers. The writers/directors *do* appear to be trying to maintain their reputation. They are always in small groups when they get destroyed. Look at the end of the episode where they were actually in a loose formation. They were offing those attackers like it was nothing. Also, they got their ass kicked in the arena because of piss poor planning. Dany had like what, 3 or 4 guards in a crowd of thousands? She's fucking delusional.
I have to disagree with the first part about their length of training. I mean seriously, go outside and pick up a stick and imagine 5 people standing around you trying to stab you. One on one yeah, but they looked outnumbered by at least 4-1, if not more.
Who is whatshername?
Fucking apologist.
What does she have to do with Stannis though? Or are you talking about that little brat princess? I thought she was an incest-baby.
The 49th state kind. It's actually pretty common but obviously huge cities don't spring up around places with 3 weeks of daylight, or the opposite if it's winter, 3 weeks of dark, the sun won't rise.
Understandable. Bringing her back could be absolutely the worst thing for her at this point. If she did do something to the princess I don't think she'd be long for this earth.
But...if she does kill him it will be ***shocking*** &gt;finale guys fuck yeah we kept up expectations by totally swerving EVERYONE in episode 9. So uhh...what now? &gt;&gt;Inside the Writers Room, tonight, on AMC
There are book spoils at the bottom with no warning guys, be careful.
North America, however the phenomenon can occur anywhere in the polar circles. Alaska is just what most people think of when it's brought up. Edit: I thought this was a reply to a comment I made about Game Of Thrones haha
Not the bottom of OPs post, which I thoroughly enjoyed. I was referring to the bottom of the comment list, at least if you sort by New and not Top. Edit: I reported it and it's been deleted. The mods are quick on this sub.
Unfortunately someone who disagrees with you isn't proving your point. I thought that before I even knew of Reddit, from personal experience. Sorry if that's too much for you to handle.
I literally thought she was going to explode in a fireball and a trail of fire would shoot away, leading them to where they needed to go. I may have taken it to literally lol.
If it was in the books then I can see your point, but that scene didn't imply rape to me at all.
Ah, the religion of peace. Are you sure you don't want to try to use a Hitler reference to make your point? You're already half way there.
Good. That sub was a toxic shithole full of assholes. Good riddance.
I'm not down with that. Yeah free speech whatever, if you're gonna say hateful horrible shit you don't deserve the right to say it.
You would have been correct about 3 years ago, unfortunately for you I lost 200 pounds and am now healthy and happy. Sorry (:
No, considering I don't know what that is.
The woman who looked like Dany in the whorehouse when Ty was trying to sleep with the whore and couldn't bring himself to do it.
Did you find your dislike for her slowly grow since Drogo? I really don't like her either and I feel weird because I think I'm supposed to.
I honestly don't think it's the same. Posting pics of people from facebook or instagram with the first name and town/city visible, saying hateful things about how you wish people would be dead or die. No. I subscribed to the sub myself and it's not exactly "oh he's fat, haha, loser", it's that times a million.
If you mean "we" as in r/conspiracy, I assure you they wouldn't even blink and they'd be happy we are gone.
There are plenty of other sites, they just all suck. Try Voat, everyone thought everyone was going over there a few months ago. A shift like that happens organically.
You don't register and sign a user agreement when you walk into a bar.
I can assure you it happened. I'm sure the mods deleted it when they saw such posts but the place is a bastion of hate man. I'm sorry but no one will convince me a place like that deserves to exist on a privately owned site. Edit: and even say they managed to get all those posts, people wishing for death and such is toxic and negative and keeps the whole human race down. Some people like to revel in hate.
I didnt, I edited it in before this post. You're right, I have no evidence other than browsing the sub ~~all~~ every day. Personal experience.
I find the vileness of that particularly group of humans interesting. It's like watching a show about serial killers.
He played his character from Starship Troopers in Stargate: Universe.
Rich Catholic donors in her geographic area lobby for Sainthood.
Can we get a kickstarter going for his legal defense? I'm good for $20.
Because lots of people use it and the media runs on fear.
I wish they'd organize a hearthstone tourney. I'd be all over that.
Or you know, any human on planet earth that enjoys pasta. But I guess you're right too?
One season miniseries
Depends on how much money they make. If it takes off it's not going anywhere.
I don't think it's just the close range thing, at least with the SoH attack, they were outnumbered. I swear it's like no one has been in an actual fight. It doesn't matter how good you are, if you're outnumbered 5-1 and get rushed you're gonna get your ass kicked.
They were also missing that reverb yell (Hyah-yah-yah-a-a-a) they used ten times an episode the first season of Spartacus.
I don't think she was sobbing because she felt she was being raped. I think she was OK with it, she was just overwhelmed by everything and kind of freaking out.
Young and childless. Mmmm. Add hairless to that and we have an episode!
*We* aren't, tumblr is.
Disgusting.
I'm fat, that doesn't make me blind. She's gross looking. And the fact that she revels in it makes her even more unattractive.
They only say that because they feel it's what they are supposed to say. 90% of these cows yammering about how hot she is would say fat guys are gross.
Well, they are both characters made up by humans.
I also subbed to the.. sub, but for different reasons. It's like watching a TV show about serial killers. The hateful toxicity was just mind blowing to me, because I don't think in such a hateful way. In any case, posting pics of a model or whatever, it's different than posting someone's tinder pics or facebook/insta pics. It's just wrong.
I'm actually Catholic, just couldn't resist.
I don't understand what you're saying happened.
Any lifting move done on Show gets huge pops, I'm sure that helped. But... I have to say I am surprised at how big that reaction was.
My new Sony doesn't have it. Bummer because I don't have a PS4 yet.
Oh hahaha SHIT
Wow. That's so crazy man. Is that easy injury a sign of steroids?
I don't know about hundreds. Maybe a handful. But again a military skirmish is not the same as an ambush by militants in an enclosed urban setting. It's apples and oranges. I'm sure I could provide as many examples of untrained crazies causing a huge headache for an obviously superior foe.
Well Iraq and Vietnam for two.
Robert's Rebellion is too big of a chance because you're losing so much of your main cast.
Yeah, I just don't see how all this shit can be tied up in one more season, at least not neatly.
Oh, I didn't actually know that, I just kind of assumed he did and everyone knew. But I didn't know he admitted it.
I don't know honestly. I'll be the first to admit I can't put my finger on it. It's just something about her I can't relate to. I honestly think Dario has something to do with it. That's why I'm hoping he dies so I can have my favorite character back.
I know lol. I was saying like I don't see how it can be shoehorned into one more (the final) season.
That was yesterday...
Maybe don't use the same email for private correspondence and fan mail? He has time to review drawings for that dumb coloring book, he gets no sympathy from me.
I know you can't respond but I'm confused. &gt;Any book readers found posting in this thread for any reason whatsoever, even if using spoiler tags, and even if they are not spoiling anything, will be banned. So even if someone said like "Dragon glass is my favorite" or some such they would get banned just for having already read the book? Wow, y'all are pretty serious around here. I like it.
Lmao Jesus. What's the story behind this? What's the significance of parking spot #22?
Wtf lmao
Got it, I really enjoyed that clip
Good riddance.
Oh not at all, just don't bitch about some fucking emails from people who made you a multi-millionaire when you obviously make time for whatever you want to make time for.
I can sympathize with that but come on man. If that was the biggest problem I had I'd be in heaven. I just get annoyed with this attitude like "oh my god my story has transcended it's intended medium and is seen by millions a week and has become a cult phenomenon bigger than anything even I ever imagined. I'm.fucking.rich. Emails?!?! You sick motherfuckers can't you see I'm trying to *"work"*?"
HBO, I will buy two of everything you advertise as long as people keep crying like little bitches about "censorship" when they agreed to a Terms of Service upon registering for a totally free service that no one is forcing them to use.
They might not be idiots. It's logical to think he would know/be able to offer insight, especially if you don't follow along online. Even more logical to think he wouldn't even read it. Edit: It didn't bother me but that might be a book spoiler, I'm not quite sure about the rules yet. Just looking out for ya
Ugh. You're joking right? It's not about TOTAL weight, it's about where that weight is. It's called load balancing.
You're right, that's why I don't read them and have no plans to.
I didn't see the whole video and assumed in the original clip she stated that's what she was trying to ride.
It's weird you know, I had like 8 upvotes on that post and in the span of 10 minutes it went down to -1, lol I watched it happen. Some fanboy is multi-accounting, it's cute.
I want another Unreal Championship, that game was the SHIT
It's a pretty big problem. The good news is the admins can tell when someone is doing it. They might get away with it for a few weeks but they'll get them eventually.
I really thought I was the only one who couldn't stand it. It's popular only because of the exact reason you stated.
Don't play with my heart like that. If they all died and the show ended forever I would be so happy.
What a cute, rosie cheeked little child. All angelic and innocent looking. Stay young
My $10 is staying in my wallet. I'm not spending money on some conceited elf when I can't even whore her out.
I really thought with the wildling lady getting so many speaking lines/camera time that she was going to be a recurring character, maybe not for the entire run of what's left of the show, but something. Jon could have banged her, at least. Even worse, she was a damn good actress. Loads better than those Sand Snake chicks who were obviously cast for their "ethnic" appearance, yet they're all still on the show. What a waste. The way she was killed was off-putting to me as well. She just crosses her arms and gives up? What about her daughters? I mean, the groups of kids are the undead, she just killed like 50 of them. Yeah, I get that she was supposed to be traumatized and couldn't bring herself to harm these zombie children who she may have known when they were normal. At least go out fighting.
I call that the "WWE Effect" or "Bookin ain't easy" E9 also had a pretty common finish. When you want to stretch out a conflict, you don't want either side to win/lose and look stronger/weaker before the PPV (season finale), so the match ends in a DQ by outside interference (Drogon)
After you said that I went back and watched it, you're right. The other guy had thick vertical stripes on his shoulder pads.
They aren't a combat vessel, they're explorers.
When I got out like that, between food, drink, and drugs I'm spending at least $120. For that I could get a highly attractive escort for a half hour and not have to deal with hundreds of retards. Js.
I honestly stopped watching around 2002ish, when the Rock left and SCSA retired. I came back around last year's Rumble. But that was one of the first things I noticed.
This has been posted 100 times over.
&gt;It feels to me like the PPV's are the new Raw, and Raw is becoming the new B-show. True that.
That doesn't seem like something that's copyrightable, especially since its not something being sold.
Seems like it would have been smarter to ask for a more reasonable amount. Now people want him to lose the lawsuit based on his obvious greed.
I didn't say I wanted him to lose, but he's off his rocker if he thinks he's getting 100 mill
&gt;Bam 20 bucks to have girls ass crack on your dick through jeans. 20 bucks could get me a gram of dro. Having a girls ass rub on my dick through jeans just doesn't do it for me. Maybe if I was 14.
From the Wall Street Journal.
I just keep reading it over and over and can't figure out how *someone* didn't say *something* to him.
Untrue. Do a little more research about the medicinal properties of cannabis oil and THC. I also have a tincture and a THC pill I take that is prescribed by my physician.
Well it is their first try..... ... ...................
www.kat.cr
Oh OK, thanks. He's probably seriously regretting losing all that money that just flew out the window.
"My King, you know only what you know. The Lord Of Light knows all. Greyjoy has a part to play yet."
It's gold satin or silk, either one would work. I'm sure that's a custom pattern. You're best bet would be to show them some photos off your phone. Another route would be to buy a gold satin or silk robe and start off with that and make some alterations to it.
I thought he was looking over at where Dany is in that building behind it.
How do you explain the multiple resurrections? It's certainly not "controlling the elements". They do exist.
I don't think they care about what George is doing. Unless you're implying he is writing the scripts, which he isn't.
It's not really a spoiler. Think back to S1 when Joff was showing Sansa the dragon skeletons. Their heads were as big as a house and they live 300 years.
Think back to S1 when Joff was showing Sansa the dragon skeletons. Their heads were as big as a house and they live 300 years. Drogon could *barely* handle a handful of the SoH, he's obviously got a long way to go.
I wish they would. She's dragging down the whole show.
*yawn* Poser. Edit: And they didn't explain it, so God is continuing to forbid it and obviously agrees with me.
Oh! Haha I thought you were talking about me, I'm from Louisiana
Yes.
Wanted to post this on the top comment for visibility. &gt;That number is the third-biggest debut of all time behind "Avengers: Age of Ultron" ($84 million) and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2" ($91 million). It wasn't the top opening Friday ever. The title is bullshit.
Gosh, are we still doing this?
Haha, someone should pop a brazzers logo on that
So of all the powers you only used blink? In any case, it was one of my favorite games of all time. Can't wait for part 2
They also stole the Angle milk truck idea from the IGN.com pro wrestling boards. I was there for that one.
Oh god, are we still doing this?
Oh god. Not fucking Sheamus. Jesus Christ.
So, the message is "Buy the network and see the same crap you just saw on Raw"? Fucking pointless.
Shit, Championshhhhia match begins with 8 minutes left on a NBA Finals match-up that's tied 77-77. What to do.
Guess not :( I was thinking the same.
I'm out until Brock comes back (tomorrow I hope)
Interesting. I don't see how else they could have fell.
I think that might be the point
Ambrose had hooked his forearm through the belt and Rollins was trying to unhook it. They were both holding it as they fell from the ladder but they hit the ground and Dean rolled away. Rollins wins.
https://youtu.be/ECfRp-jwbI4
Maybe it's just an out for when Brock leaves again? I have no idea. Unless they're gonna do Champion Sheamus v Brock, which sounds horrible.
I don't think it's a rule, at least it's not stated anywhere. More of a suggestion.
Who is RBD?
It was very dark, but it was dark outside too.
Well what's he gonna do? Say he was cast and thus destroy the entire cliffhanger? Think about it
His skin color does change to pale blue, but I can't tell if it's a result of the men carrying torches walking away from him or a trick of the light.
Yeah even Jon :( however Olly doesn't exist in the books (the little prick) It just depends I mean, the book definitely expounds on *everything*. It's a totally different style it's hard to compare the two.
The books end where Jon did, so you'll be waiting 10 months for your answers.
&gt;He's literally going to be revived before the opening credits of the season premiere
What?
It didn't even make any sense.
Body double.
They write it but they aren't given carte blanche to do whatever they want. On a show this huge, those scripts are run by the big wigs before production, and if they sense a tremor in their pocketbooks that's the end of that line of writing. Kind of like if they decided they wanted to kill off Dany, it would never be allowed to happen. Money talks.
Who is the cuckold?
