Exact same thing happened to me. Im heated.
Yea that does make me feel a bit better. Wow making me feel better than Newegg did with just one message
I should've went with Sapphire of XFX instead of msi. Considering they had way more stock. MSI sold out after ten minutes.
- video rendered from a RX 480
Don't you mean 29-1? Lost to Utah second to last game of the season.
Ah
You can take it anywhere. SJSU recommended me to do Fullerton since it was better
Exactly
That's animal abuse
If Lebron didn't get punished for kicking Iggys nuts then why shouldn't Zaza?
Harrison Barnes was in that series
It's great for your value and being fast food, no one can deny that
Andrew Bogut...
Just a reminder lebron has never won a ring without a superteam
Just like your argument of "73-9 means nothing without a ring" then why does it all of a sudden mean something now?
Wtf I never implied that, the only thing I implied was that lebron couldn't win without superstars and Hall of famers
They were up 3-1 but the injuries and suspension completely plagued them. You can't even deny it. Bogut was out the series, Curry was playing on a sprained MCL, Iggy was barely running on his tweaked hamstring, and then there's Harrison Barnes.. playing like he's injured but just shit
Even your own fans agreed game 4 was rigged
I'm interested. Tbh I've been eating terribly and been trying to control myself for awhile now
I agree. Does that also mean I can't pay off my tuition and fees monthly as well for housing..?
What do suites offer compared to normal?
Hey! Keep me updated as well on what you do please if you figure it out!
I live in central California but once every few years I come down to my grandparents condo they own in Laughlin and I think it's fantastic, especially at night. It's beautiful
I wish I could block you
I've got a 480 8 GB
PM me
Why would someone trade a better laptop for a worse one with a dent..
You aren't gonna find 2 1070's for 330. Lmao
Why do I get downvoted just cause of misleading text..
I got a 480 8 GB.. can do 360 shipped.
Would you be willing for a 480 8 GB?
Link??
Yea but unfortunately eBay takes so much with fees including PayPal ☹️
Honestly a 980 Ti is cheap and only performs 5% worse than a 1070. Good luck!
Could be a bad PCI lane on your motherboard. Try a new PCI express slot. Edit: Could also be a DOA GPU
PC part picker. It matches compatible components of your choice and price range
PM'd
Then it's definitely a bad card. Even if drivers weren't installed you'd still get a display of some sort.
I'd invest in less ram and a spend a little more for a 1060. 1050 Ti won't get you the highest settings at 1080p 60 fps. 1060 would be a great option.
Some games are just terribly optimized and that's why both CPU and GPU usage aren't high.
When you pulled the card out you could've possibly fried it through static discharge.
Possibly. I mean once I fried my MacBook Pro doing something similar. The laptop still worked just when it was plugged into the wall. Meaning if you fry it, it doesn't mean you fried the entire thing. Have you ever seen the oven method for fixing a graphics card? I'd suggest researching that on YouTube. Even LinusTechTips did it on a dead GPU and it worked!
Thanks, VRAM is way more important than real ram
Yes always up to date
You're not going to find that for that price.. just letting you know so you don't waste your time. Go for a 980 Ti instead. Cheaper and performs better
Anything but a mini. Best brands are ASUS and MSI
Mining has caused every RX GPU to inflate in price significantly in the last week
How do you find out if it's downvoted? All my phone says is "Vote"
Ah on mobile it says nothing
I can bet.. 430$ for a 4 GB model at least let it be 8
EVGA and no not really. It just performs a little faster. 3 FPS max difference between superclocked and regular
I wouldn't go with the founders edition. Reason being the blower style card. Temps will get hotter and fans will get louder as you play games
Well when Vsync is on, it's like a lag spike.
You'd be surprised
Yea keyword. Might be. Can I guarantee that's the issue? No but right now the card is garbage so your last resort is to put it in the oven hoping that static shock wasn't the issue. Why don't you try offering him some solutions?
"Took Elephant"
Nope high. Sometimes normal.
Yea I think he's already thought of that
That's what confused me. So I do need to purchase a parking permit?
Thanks!
Thanks!
Agreed with big black cock. If that's your lowest budget then I'd consider opting for a cheaper case and spending 50$ for a 1 TB HDD just for games
You're sure the PC is turning on right? Even without drivers the card would still show signal
Needs more RGB's
Thanks!!
Do you also happen to know if those dorm fees (7500$+) are for one semester only or for our full college year?
Prebuilt ones off eBay are usually pretty good. If you were to just buy parts then it would come out more expensive.
Congrats! You just picked a system that Pixar would use to create a movie
Google is your friend. This isn't an uncommon issue believe it or not. In fact I don't even think it's a bad part. Google: "PC starts for a few seconds then shuts off"
They're all over the place. Just be sure you double check it comes with a dedicated GPU. I've seen some with good specs yet has integrated graphics and people claim them as "gaming" rigs
If you have the chance I'd be sure to upgrade that 128 GB SSD to 250. Some programs don't allow to install to any drive but the C drive so overtime it may fill up. Plus speeds for read and write are faster based on amount of storage
Mounting bracket Edit: Come to think of it, each case is different, you'll have to google your case along with "hard drive mounting bracket" at the end
Well that's what I'm saying. 980 Ti is cheaper than both of the above
His 3330 would significantly bottleneck a 1080, it would perform like a 1070 at best
Not going to lie I originally thought you replied to my 989 Ti comment that's why I commented back, lmao my bad 😂
Reset the CMOS. Pull the round battery from the motherboard and leave it for 5 minutes. Reseat the battery and power on the computer. Works every time it seems like
Is your hard drive also installed? If so you need to open computer management then go to disk management and make the partition an active drive letter. Then you'll need to manually go into the hard drive and send the shortcuts of your programs on to the desktop.
Here's the thing. In gaming, there's no such thing as future proofing. New hardware comes out like hot cakes and modern hardware drops in price. A year from now a 1080 Ti will go for 290$ max. You can't future proof because of the mass changing market. Especially when it comes to 4K
I'd do a fresh install maybe a bad install.
1050 Ti and a Ryzen 1600 would be a good combo
Yeah but those motherboards are expensive as fuck lol
I'm just gonna warn you now if you ship it. When I sold my Xbox one on eBay with 3 games and no controller I used USPS and the cheapest shipping possible, it still came out to 47$
Every time I post you take it down that's why I'm doing an opposite post
+1
I have a question. I'm thinking of buying something from r/hardwareswap but if I'm doing a paypal transaction do I just simply send money to them or do I have to use a certain service in order to insure my money?
Used 980 Ti
As far as I know if you have any incompatible parts, the website will give you a warning
Science studio..
That's eBay. On here they've going for around 280
Yea was really hoping I'd lower him down to somewhere at 325$ but I made the mistake and rushed the deal. Thank you!
Also how does 6 GB VRAM look future wise? I'm kinda worried coming from 8 to 6
Newegg.com
That's one terrible processor. Lmao. That'll bottleneck any graphics card you put in there. It was decent 6 years ago but now a days it won't run anything. Take others suggestions
My bad. I've always learned different from that, quite useful to know thanks :P
980 Ti's have been going for a lot less believe it or not. Unless you're talking new
Why the fuck do you have an i3 with a 1080 That's like Tom Brady dating Amy Shumer
Not too long, maybe 3 years
There are no such thing as drivers for a CPU lol. The only drivers are motherboard drivers and most of the time it's only useless bloat ware. Open device manager and see if there are any devices with a yellow triangle that pop out. If so then install the necessary missing drivers. It's also a smart thing to update your bios but make sure you download the right firmware for your board otherwise you can brick it. As long as it's the right board you're fine. Good luck
Look for the SSHD's. If those for whatever reason are out of your budget then look for Black edition drives. Those offer the best speeds
lol I know I just wanted to comment something so I could come back to it
CPU's are for computing. Graphics are for rendering. Games require graphical rendering meaning they require an adequate card. However if you pair a potato processor with a GTX 1080. It'll perform like a GTX 650.
Pcpartpicker.com
Doesn't necessarily mean he will be playing at 144 though, even if he's averaging 110 it'll be an upgrade over 60 or 75
Nvidia and AMD have gone completely bankrupt due to the success of the PS4 Pro. As a result they are no longer manufacturing video cards and they're becoming scarce. Quite terrible for the Pc market as pc gaming May die off soon..
I had an FX 6300. A potato could've ran better
Lol....
Do you think it could be not using enough thermal paste? I did a CPU install a few years ago and I didn't put enough paste on and this led to the system constantly restarting. Be sure you have enough otherwise your system will keep shutting off to protect the CPU from overheating
Nah your PSU is fine. Even a 1060 would be fine. However if you ever upgraded to a 1070 I'd recommend bumping it to a 600w Edit!! I saw you're purchasing windows 7, DO NOT DO IT!! Kaby Lake processors are NOT compatible with Windows 7 and it WILL NOT boot. You NEED windows 10!
Perhaps not enough thermal paste on the CPU
I'd suggest putting the stock cooler on and testing it, if it came with one
If I could build a PC at age 11 you can too
Isn't Father's Day over?
Newegg
B150 M3
thanks for the heads up. Got me stressed
No ones going to sell you s 1070 for 275$
Who in bloody hell would downgrade for that
Going from 8 GB to 6 GB and RX 480 performs better in every DirectX 12 Game
I used chrome cast last season and it worked fantastic so I'm sure Roku would work just as great
I share my account with a family member and we stream at the same time on my account so I think they're cool about it
Nope not anymore. Legal issues
I'm seriouds you need to stop
I like to watch basketball on ABC and football on NBC
Is there a still strong modding community for the original skyrim?
Hm I'll try that thank you. And I tried looking for firmware for my ASUS drive but couldn't find anything
Yes but no one ever says “I fucking hate this team”
At the time he was a Warrior.
Right?? I just thought it would be cool to share
[I sure did!](https://imgur.com/a/HHrUq)
Yes he did, I believe it was July of 2014 and he would sign stuff until the end of August!
Why is there a watermark in the bottom left corner
Two of those wins are against the Cleveland Browns
Yes but it was the 1-14 and 0-15 Browns he faced. Our roster is more than capable of beating them without Brown and Bell and Ben
Because of shitty traffic in California, I have a 2 hours commute there and have to wake up at 5 everyday, yay!
Yes because of the team’s success and it was a new stadium, but prices did lower. Significantly
No
I’m pretty sure this is normal. The processor only runs at max frequency when it’s performing heavy duty tasks. If you’re running the processor at max frequency then the battery will die quicker. The current issue that’s going on with older batteries is that the processor is being throttled during heavy duty tasks
No idea.. the regular EarPods fit perfectly
Me too. I wonder what the second version may offer
I agree with him. I have an 8 Plus and sometimes when I have just 3 apps open, one of them doesn’t stay open in the background
Yes!
I don’t even understand why I’m getting downvoted for an honest mistake haha
I said “I don’t think policy kicks in till February”
We want Jacksonville AND Kansas City to win
Thanks!
Good idea
I understand software is not perfect; however, iOS 11 is a very good example of irresponsibility. The battery life was abysmal, apps would consistently freeze, and many graphical glitches. There were even reports of speaker phone not working in 11.0. It clearly wasn’t ready for public release and they shouldn’t release something that clearly isn’t ready for the public and just assume everyone can wait a month or two for software that properly works.
I don’t think you understand what we’re referencing to. On the iPhone 6s’s there’s adhesive holding the screen to the body and the only way to separate it is with a hair dryer or heat gun. If you didn’t encounter that then it’s possible the phone was already opened prior.
I’m dying to find out who wins this game.
Not sure if the year makes a difference really but it’s an 04
Was it running synthetic though? I’m running conventional
It’s hard for me currently because I work between 5 AM and 7 PM and most places are closed by then. Then I’m leaving really early on Saturday to LA and have to be there at a specific time. I’m thinking of just getting one on my lunch.
Mike fucking Mitchell
Don’t have the time unfortunately. Need it done by Friday as I work 5 AM-5PM and commute to Modesto. Leaving to LA Saturday morning
I commute 180 miles a day so thanks!
Why is Todd Haley doing QB drills
I just bought a pair a couple days ago and never even got this function to work. I just assumed it was a defect.
So then wouldn’t that mean the truck drivers are responsible for visibility if they choose to not air up their seats that would significantly help identifying cars close by
As if Harden was going to play defense
How is Chris Boswell not first or second team?
Probably -EarPods -Apple pencil -Silicone case
Exact reason I picked up a 2012 MBP a couple months ago. Everything is replaceable.
This same rule was at my high school...
I bought 400$ playoff tickets for the Steelers game and am paying 160$ in service fees. Fucking sucks.
Many of us rather have upgradable ram if it means adding 0.2mm of thickness to it. Same reason many of us would prefer a thicker phone if it meant bigger battery
Angry birds
Did you just ask if a screw is going to affect performance
I’m assuming it’s trying to be an Alexa/Google Home competitor. We are all Apple fans but we can all agree that Google assistant can do so much more and is significantly cheaper. Maybe it’ll be worth it though as the above user mentioned if the speakers are amazing
iPad you say? “What’s a computer?”
Nope. Go 8 Plus or X or nothing
I’ve always preferred higher decks in football, it’s better than lower decks imo
I’m glad I was able to return mine today
I don’t even have any music. I press the play button and it immediately pauses. The only way I can get rid of it is by rebooting my phone.
I did. Did absolutely nothing for the widget
I’ve had the original Xbox one and I bought the Xbox one S and still have this issue once out of every ten boot ups
I just downloaded an update at 150 KB/s a second when my internet speed is 45 mbs down. Even Xbox’s internet test tests my internet that high
I know how internet works. Of course I’m not going to be downloading at 45 down, but there’s no way in bloody hell my download speed should be 100 kB/s. If we do the math to get my internet download speed which is 45/8 then I get about 5 mb/s download. I’d be happy just getting 3 with my Xbox Plus what world are you on to think 150 kB/s is normal for a 45 mb connection?
I just want a new NCAA game :( Lol never been downvoted before for wanting a game. Guess no one should want games then by that logic
No
I prefer jackoffs
I’ve seen many many YouTube videos testing its water resistance and one person even put it at the bottom of a 25 ft deep lake for a week and it still worked
Ah okay wouldn’t know. I live in Cali 😂
Would prefer not. Router is in the Hall way and my Xbox is in my room. It’s about 20 feet away
True story
I’ve tried pressing the play button but nothing happens. I’m guessing because I don’t have any music I just use Spotify or pandora. Glad I’m not the only one with this bug
I was born here. I’m only 19
Thanks!!
Fuck you!
Everybody? Well I mean I’d love Shazier back
His calf
That’s an idiotic statement. Sure, the titans beat them twice but to think they’d do better against New England IN New England where the weather is freezing compared to playing at home against the Titans is absolutely stupid. If they played the Pats twice, they would’ve been killed more than they would’ve by the Titans
People will probably complain about those pushes but they were perfectly legal since it’s within 5 yards
He was getting man handled but it was legal since it was within 5 yards. Even if he caught it he would’ve probably went out of bounds though since that left foot landed out
Are you talking about Jack or Jill?
Same thing I do when I get fired from work
So hue Jackson is a better one?
Well you stated he doesn’t have a job because he isn’t a good coach. If that’s the case why does Hue Jackson have a job if he’s an even worse one
He’s down
Lmao fuck the cheating ass refs
He can still be getting interviewed by the Browns.. he’s not getting l interviews because he’s considered “bad”
