You can verify his Judo rank or lack thereof in about 15 minutes. Judo is REALLY REALLY strict about keeping records of who has what black belt rank.
Step 1. Actually train BJJ. Step 2. Participate in the subreddit community in a meaningful way via discussion. Step 3. Write stuff that is applicable and accessible to the community you are posting it to. You violate pretty much all of those. You don't train BJJ, you don't participate in the community, and your post itself was poorly written and kind of crappy.
If your post were written better maybe that would have come across.
Yup. That's the most straightforward way to lose weight.
www.joshjitsu.info It's primarily focused on BJJ and BJJ related training philosophy. Some of the articles can be more widely applicable, like http://www.joshjitsu.info/2011/11/circles-pyramids-shotguns-and-lasers.html but most of them would only be interesting if you are training in grappling of some kind.
Pretty much. He's able to get the bow and arrow, so never has to transition to the back. Imagine not being able to get that grip, so instead of finishing with the bow and arrow right there you have to hug them instead and take the back. I do like his pressure on the collar like that, I'm going to have to try that setup.
Everyone had BETTER be washing it regularly in this subreddit.
Same stuff I use. Works great.
Um, Cobrinha always has been and always will be my #1.
Sure, but mount is worth as much as it is primarily because it's a dominant striking position. Your submission options are actually a lot lower from mount than from side control because of the angles you have to work with. So awarding 2 points for the lift seems a reasonable compromise and a way to encourage good behavior like blocking the lift or releasing.
Video views aren't even peripherally related to this topic. Kimbo Slice has more views than Rodolfo, doesn't make him a more respected or admired fighter. Your anecdote is not evidence. You can say you feel that way, you can say that people you know feel that way, but you can't use that to make a sweeping generalization about the community view.
&gt; but the biggest problem would be that your opponent would have to be wearing something you could easily grip that wouldn't rip or come off This isn't true. Using your feet to pressure the biceps even without any grip allows for a pretty effective defensive guard, especially against the untrained. And a solid wrist grip without sleeves lets you do almost all of the same spider guard technique if you want to. However spider guard is used in self defense to slam upkicks into your opponents face, not do anything fancy. You just post on their biceps, then kick them in the face, then return to posting.
/u/rand486, king of the internet, comes through again.
I appreciate the concept behind that, but the setup for that guys leg lasso made me cringe. I don't think I would ever go to the leg lasso until I cleared that trapped leg. Otherwise you lose a lot of your control and ability to sweep, and set yourself up for things like this kneebar. I suppose it's good to know this in case someone fucks up and lets you trap that leg and still throws the lasso on.
We're bigger than /r/martialarts and more active, strangely enough.
You don't have the upper body extension that you get with a spider hook, which means your opponent can pin your bottom leg, clear the lasso, and continue to pass. You should use the spider hook until you clear the leg. RDLR + Lasso is not a place I would want to be. I'm sure there are some people that play that position really well, but it's a lot of risk for little reward in my opinion and I would rather play elsewhere.
Reduce your volume, increase your weight. Replace all of your isolation work with plyometrics. Keep the big compound lifts. Lat raises, cable crunches, curls, facepulls, tricep pulldowns, those can all go out the window. Drop your reps from 5/5/amrap to 5/3/1 where that last rep is 90% of your 1rm.
Switch for a couple of months, see what the change does for you, how you feel and how the workload feels. Then once you have adjusted to the heavier weights, if you are starting to lose the hypertrophy that you want then pick up the isolation work again until you hit the balance you are looking for. You are unlikely to lose a lot of your definition while you are still lifting because it's not as if those muscles aren't getting worked pretty hard. You might be slightly less swole at the end of the day, but you'll be a hell of a lot stronger.
Sure, if it's a violation of german law the way he's doing it then that's on him to deal with. But it's also a normal and common practice for all MTG players beyond the most casual. I don't know if that will make a difference to the german courts or not.
This is one of the times when I recommend a break from BJJ For about 3 weeks, then start weight lifting. Squats will fix your knees if done properly.
How come the only thing I remember from reading these books is my favorite characters getting murdered every 20 pages, while the TV show seems to have them raging across the landscape in invincible fashion?
OK, I watched the video twice more and I didn't see a single instance of an active RDLR hook. The bottom guys leg is pinned, it's not active. He can't use it to do anything. This technique is Dillon stepping around a weak hook unopposed in order to hit a kneebar. If the bottom guy had a spider guard hook and was pressuring up so that he could free that bottom leg and use it as an active RDLR hook then that kneebar option becomes a hell of a lot more difficult because you don't get a free step over. This whole technique relies on your opponent choosing to go to the lasso without an active hook.
Someone reaches out to shake hands and you establish the dominant sleeve grip and start reaching for the collar.
What crash? I haven't had a post caffeine crash since 1999 when I stopped taking caffeine pills. I was up to 3000mg a day of caffeine at that point, which will make you hallucinate just FYI. I drink coffee up until like 2 hours before I go to bed....
Apply steady force in the direction that they are weak in. No need for bursts generally speaking.
I've seen 4 year olds doing well in the kids classes. Wrestling/Grappling is a very natural behavior for kids and it's easy for them to understand the idea of it. A gym with a good kids class should be a great place for your kids at the 4 year old mark and up. 3 might be a bit young for it still.
Consider it a magic trick. I can still do pushups on just my thumbs. It would take me a bit to get the hang of doing a single thumb again, but it doesn't do anything for you beyond look cool.
No, but I did have one of the Serendib Efreet's that is the green card with the blue mana symbol. I actually was able to hunt one down when I started playing again and pick it up as a bulk rare. It has a place of honor in my binder just to remind me of the good old days.
Depends on how much pressure you are putting on the arm and how resistant someone is to pain. If you are hyped up on adrenaline and concentrating on fishing a knife out of your pocket then you might not even notice that your elbow got torn apart until well after you have stabbed a dude to death. Adrenaline is a crazy thing. That's one reason why I don't rely on joint attacks if shit has gotten super real. If one presents itself I'll hit it and transition away since damaging an attacker is generally helpful, but my goal is never to hit that armbar. My goal is to get to mount or knee on belly where I have full control and full view of my opponent. then if they start digging in their pocket I can take control of that limb and stop them from getting whatever they are going after. I can also keep an eye out for additional people who might be coming to kick my head in, and I can strike or disengage as needed.
The is if you are unaware that someone has a knife, and you have already engaged them. There are ways to correctly control a person to prevent them from deploying a weapon. You should use those. The person in our example video did not.
It's because it's a staged video from a Ninjitsu school. The knife is fake, the blood is fake. That's also why the armbar looks like first day whitebelt shit done by someone who has had an armbar described to them, but is trying it for the first time.
I can think of a few people who would have a problem REALLY cranking on an armbar, even in a situation where their life might be on the line simply because they are the kind of person that just really doesn't want to hurt someone unless they absolutely have to. It takes a certain amount of will power to follow through on something that you KNOW is going to fuck someones joints up that bad.
To combat the wispy stuff I pull my hair up in a topknot like that and then get my wife to shave that under layer of hair off. It cuts down on the heat and eliminates the wispy stuff without sacrificing my glorious flowing locks.
Hey JiuJiu! I haven't seen you post in a while! Welcome back to the party!
"An armbar" is not spiderweb. There are control positions which can also allow you to armbar someone, but the armbar itself is not the control position.
&gt; it forces you to stay still Ahh, here's your problem, you're shitty at grappling.
Adrenaline is a hell of a thing. There is a real precedence for people getting their arms seriously fucked up and not even realizing it until hours later. So you shouldn't ever 100% rely on pain to incapacitate an opponent. If you get a chance to break a limb you break it and you keep going and use that to facilitate the choke that is going to make sure the person is no longer a threat.
You guys are always so obsessed about the idea that some random other dude is going to come out of the shadow and kick your skull in, yet the VAST majority of evidence indicates nothing of the sort. Should you be aware? Yes. Should you shape your entire repertoire around that possibility? No. I can choke someone unconscious while watching for additional threats and if need be using that person as a human shield.
No-Gi ezekiel. Force created by wrapping your fingers over your forearm.
No, Grapplemania in July. We're going on vacation to Florida the week before Richmond, so I won't be able to double up the trips.
You learn an enormous amount in your first few months of BJJ, but you are generally expected to roll very early on. The curriculum is going to vary from gym to gym. MOST will have some kind beginner instruction that lasts for a few classes to get you familiar with the ideas of BJJ, but after that you learn with everyone else.
Ok, I am giving WAY too much thought to that $350 level...
Yeah, my wife and I play a lot of Skyrim and Fallout, which has a TON of customization. I still fire up some of the early final fantasies on emulators sometimes.
Any thoughts given to continual expansion of the game world, additional ongoing challenges, etc... or is it more likely to be a one and done kind of project with no future expansion after the release?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, not sure I can get a 350$ expenditure approved by my finance department on the sole grounds that it appeals to my sense of vanity. Edit: However, I do have the perfect picture in mind... I'll put on all of my medals at the same time and take a truly obnoxious picture.
Only on the weekends ;).
I Didn't realize physically assaulting someone and drawing a firearm was the correct action towards a disobedient teenager...
Sityodtong is one of the best Muay Thai gyms in the country. If you can train there do it. Boston Muay Thai also has a pretty damn good Thai instructor. Your options are fantastic.
You do suck at every aspect of jiujitsu. You're a whitebelt. You're supposed to suck. Blue belts also generally still suck. So do purple belts. Brown belts are starting to kind of get the hang of it. Most black belts are pretty ok. BJJ has such a depth of potential expertise that you are going to be awful at it for a VERY long time if you compare yourself to other people. Worry only about whether the you from today is better than the you from six months ago.
Which is why I work very hard to be mindful of what I'm getting out of every minute I'm in the gym. I drill without screwing around. I roll with focus on developing a specific part of my game each time. I try to wring every bit of benefit out of each class. Because of that over the last 12 months I've not only caught up to where I was before my 8 month layoff, but surpassed that and now find myself rolling competitively with brown belts that were clowning on me 8 months ago. Training with focus is super important.
If you want to build strength then strength train. Join a power lifting group and do competitive weight lifting. It's fun and it will make you super strong. If you want to learn to fight then MMA is the way to go. If you just want to kick and punch then Muay Thai is the best option. If you want crazy acrobatic kicking and punching then Capoeira is a lot of fun.
I didn't include my lifting time. about 2 hours a week of lifting.
The only thing about this is that it's a huge pain in the ass to put the bun on the top compared to the back. I've done it this way for tournaments when I'm extra concerned about guillotine escapes and stuff, but I usually just leave it on the back for casual training.
$100 is the lowest I'll generally see for MT only, 2 days per week only, in Atlanta. Kind of the budget plan. Unlimited training is indeed going to be $150 or more.
Smaller people who are your rank or lower, don't hit them constantly. Hit one, maybe two, then work on something else. If you regularly get the same people with wristlocks then spend some time showing them how to defend. Folks your same size and rank, or who are upper belts, go for wristlocks all day long.
Well, since you're at HCG there is no hope. Those guys D'arce like it's a fucking religion. :) I assume you are mostly getting d'arced when in halfguard bottom and you are trying to roll up for an old school sweep or something like that? The key point there is to keep your head glued to your arm as you dive under. If you can't get all the way under then you have to back out, straighten your posture, and keep your head away from your opponent. Every time someone starts to wrap your head you need to posture out of it. Don't think you can fight through it. Just immediately bail back out to a longer range guard. If you are getting d'arced from other positions like turtle then you need to be defending the position more actively to avoid letting them set it up.
People say that, but I feel absolutely nothing when people do it to me.
I keep mine in the form of my blog. It varies from very technique focused to philosophy focused to motivation focused to just saying, "Yes, I made it to the gym today." Mostly it helps me to be able to look back and see WTF I was working on a few months ago and see how I've maintained focus and what improvements I've made. Sometimes I go back and read something and it reminds me of a technique or sequence that I worked on and then abandoned that I will then go back to and have a lot of success with.
It happens in very high level competition more than local stuff, but I still see 1-2 semi serious limb injuries per tournament. Very famously recently a female competitor had her arm badly broken during the match and finished out the last 45 seconds or so in obvious excruciating pain.
I need to get some folks together and demo how this is done. Everyone seems to totally not understand that getting back to your feet is a technical action that is a practiced skill.
Whenever ANYONE starts talking shit about knife defense I pull out the ol' red sharpie marker and turn them into a fucking whiteboard then ask them to start from the beginning telling me how they would catch my arm and do whatever dumb shit...
Yeah, that was a freak accident. More people get paralyzed from cheerleading than from BJJ every year.
I've only seen white belts and the occasional blue who don't realize that this submission was due to very excellent setups and top pressure from the Judo guy on top, and while there WERE mistakes made from the bottom guy, that wasn't the primary reason for that submission since you can make those same mistakes against someone that doesn't have black belt Judo top pressure and not get subbed. I actually pull this video out as one of the things about when you can break the 'rules' of BJJ as a warning to people not to be complacent and to make sure you know how to counter those things that 'everyone knows you can't do'.
If you want to see Aiki against a resisting opponent look up the videos of Mifune's judo. It embodies everything that Aikido espouses. The dude was flat out ELEGANT when he was throwing people on their heads.
Don't shit talk Dressage. It's one of the few remaining pure olympic sports with a direct link to combat applications. It's a display of the horse and rider mastery that that allowed someone to control a horse mid combat while wielding a sword and shield, or sword and pistol. Dressage is some seriously badass shit and should not be lumped in with speed walking and trampoline.
Are you guys an official Alliance affiliate? All of the Alliance affiliates I know of do the formal test. I did it for my blue and purple.
Nope. My tests were free except for the normal drop-in fee at HQ where I did it. I also bought my purple belt there after my test for 25$.
Umm, I paid nothing for the test. I paid the drop-in fee for the 2 hour long class I took before the test. Then I bought a belt because I wanted one with the alliance logo...
10x10 minute rounds.
As was mentioned below, you almost certainly are letting your elbow get loose, with your underhook too high and without using your bottom arm for any kind of control.
Probably depends on how deliberate it looks...
I have bad vision, I don't wear my glasses during class, I just get close enough to see what's going on.
&gt; For instance there was a TKD instructor who would travel to a big city to learn BJJ and over time got promoted to brown belt and is now operating BJJ as his prime business. Name of this person? It's very very rare for BJJ ranks to be given out without the accompanying skill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI Another life changed by Damien Maia.
Depends entirely on how you are passing. There is always going to be some way for someone to fight your pass attempt. Controlling the legs at the ankles gives you the most leverage and the ability to set up multiple passes, multiple direction changes, and generally create the best opportunity for passing. The closer to the hips you are controlling your opponent the fewer options you have for passing methodologies because your opponent then has the ability to attack for grips and use his legs as well. It's simply more dangerous. When you are backed out with control at the ankles then your opponents gripping options are extremely limited, they can't use their legs to defend, and they are forced into essentially desperation hip movement pass counters and forced inversion. They have to recover the position in some way before they can start attacking you again. Also, which Kron v Torres match are you talking about? Their ADCC match reinforces my point. Torres went for light control near the knee, attempting a pass that left him inside Kron's legs, which resulted in him getting trapped in guard and armbarred. Had he been further out and taken control near the ankles then he would have had a better chance of getting past Kron's legs. Probably still wouldn't have, because fucking KRON, but he wouldn't have already been inside the guard when beginning the pass attempt.
Either we both start standing, or you engage on the ground and then stand unless we agreed on something else at the beginning of the roll. That doesn't mean you have to start in closed guard. I frequently start in sitting guard, then grab a pants grip and stand up, other people frequently do that to me. But standing while disengaged is creating an asymmetrical environment. I'm going to stand up to to create a symmetrical environment. We can work from standing, that way I have the option to establish my grips while you are attempting your takedown instead of you getting to start with me down, with no grips, while you are standing. If you want to start that way then ask me. Pulling guard without grips is only common for shitty whitebelts.
Sitting with no grips while someone else is standing is 100% a disadvantage. Every time. Your opponent has WAY more options than you do.
Just be better than your opponent instead of planning to power out of the submissions, maybe? If you're winning then you don't have to worry about tapping.
The BJJihad is relentless. PM me the names of anyone you think got their rank in an illegitimate way. I will investigate fully and if the issue warrants it I will take the appropriate action. If I determine that everything is on the up and up then I'll leave it at that, but we police our ranks pretty seriously.
&gt; I can not tell you the amount of times a black belt has said to the beginner class, "pull guard, there is no point in both sitting on your knees or not allowing someone to play top position." You just sound like that dick that has to win every roll. Tha FUCK are you talking about? I am talking about the specific situation where the buzzer sounds, the two of you slap hands, and then your partner hops to his feet five feet away from you. That has nothing to do with any of the dumb shit you are saying. Everyone I have ever trained with engages first then stands so that there is interaction at the beginning of the roll. Why? Because standing up 5 feet away from someone just invites them to stand up too unless something has been agreed upon prior to the roll. If you get to stand up, I get to stand up, and we can work from standing.
I'm more then happy to go power doubled or seio naged through the planet if that's the result. I would rather have the opportunity to egnage from standing than spend the whole time trying to chase down someone who has decided the don't want to engage on the ground.
It's an inherent disadvantage. Just because you like it doesn't make it an advantageous position.
He's a valuable training partner. He has the same amount of training that you do and he's way more athletic. Don't worry about submitting him, just use him as a way to practice your positional control. Work with this guy until you can hold him down and maintain position on him and think about how easy it will be to hold position on people who aren't as athletic as this guy is.
http://img.pandawhale.com/post-2436-Things-I-Care-About-vs-What-Yo-ATPn.jpeg
Fellow 145er here. Hook your hands behind their elbows and pull forward, at the same time squeeze with your knees and curl your knees towards your chest. This will generally get the elbows out even against the bigger stronger guys. If they are so strong that you can't do that, then start getting REAAAALLY good at guillotines and just sit up and throw a guillotine on them. Either they defend, your you choke them. If it's in the Gi you can grab a cross collar grip, post on the mat, and push them backwards. It forces them to react, at which point you can collar drag them down.
Complete myth. Can't happen. Your nose is a relatively small and fragile batch of cartilage with a small piece of thin bone at the top (http://healthcare.walgreens.com/marketing/library/graphics/images/en/8915.jpg) . Your skull is pretty well put together. Hitting someone with enough force to fracture that frontal part of the skull would pulverize their face.
If you are hitting them that hard and that much, then the least of their worries is a tiny piece of bone because the rest of their skull is going to be obliterated.
Because the nerd/geek community is easily enraged and getting people angry translates into traffic. How many people saw that and immediately went to read it and be angry? Every one of those people represents a positive for them, even if they are super angry. We don't represent their normal readership, so it's not like any of us are going to cancel our subscription or stop reading because of it, so it's essentially free publicity and a quick spike in exposure for them.
I see the problem. The technique in that video is not a clock choke. It's not a clock choke variant. It has nothing in common with the way the clock choke is performed or finished. It's also a bow and arrow choke variation that I've commonly seen called a 'hell choke'.
Yep, that's almost always a good place to focus. It gives you a clear goal, it's something that will be fresh in your mind, and it will help cement the technique for you.
If you are caught, tap. People GENERALLY don't slam the submissions, but they aren't going to sit there and give you time to work out of them either. No one is going to sue you. It's your opponents responsibility to tap when he's in danger. If he's not tapping then he's telling you he's fine.
Come on dude, at least be a real participant in the community between blog posts.
Actually, look at the total number of any given card available for sale on a given day. If just a few hundred out of the hundreds of thousands of players decide to order a card because of an announcement that it won't be reprinting in a set, or because they see a deck hit top 8 in a GP or something it's a HUGE percentage of the available cards of any one card at any given moment. That's what leads to 'buyout' behavior.
As much as I might take issue with how Jordan handled his rank issue, this implies that his skill isn't earned, and that's total shit.
Judo is the #1 best option for LEOs with BJJ and Wrestling more or less tied for 2nd place. Striking suspects is a HUGE no no, but putting them on the ground to restrain them is almost always your end goal and all three of those arts will help you do that. However there are things specific to LEOs that you have to think about, like how to protect your weapon during an unarmed encounter, and what your use of force rules are.
Testicle Knee-Ride is a legitimate passing technique.
It depends on how much time you have to spend training. If you have the time to train both boxing and judo then that's going to be fantatic, if you only have time to train one thing then Judo or BJJ i better becaue your primary goal is to GTFO, and being able to grapple is what will keep you from getting mobbed.
I prefer US Grappling sub only by a wide margin. However a points system that awards the position regardless of how it is achieved, with no advantages, and points awarded for lifting someone above your waist ('Slam' points) would be fine for me. The current IBJJF point system is crap. Also, no referee decision. Some kind of overtime period instead then way EBI does it.
I take issue with all of the people who seem to think that backing off and running will automatically end the encounter. What do you do if the three guys decide to chase you? How for and how fast can you run? I can do about half a mile at a dead run, and my half mile speed is like 2:30. What are the chances that's good enough to get me somewhere safe before one of those guys catches me and now i'm trying to fight while winded? Some consideration needs to be given to the idea that running isn't an automatic success.
I want my coaching to consist of point totals, time left in the match, and encouragement. I don't like it when people yell technique advice at me mid match.
You're pretty much awful at everything right now, so don't worry about being a one trick pony right now. There is plenty of room for you to improve everything right now. Your top priority should be the ability to escape from every bad position reliably right now. Secondary to that is working on developing everything else. If you want to get the most from your training then you have to go in with focus on your goals, and don't screw around. Get as many reps of each drill in as possible, when you are rolling focus on the techniques you learned in class and try to execute them. Later on once you have built up your library of techniques around mid blue belt you start putting together a game and working on your specific game and targeting your weaknesses.
A few years ago I choked a guy unconscious while his coach was telling him that he was safe and there was no choke. :\
Imanari definitely has a chance. Not too long ago most people would have been posing that question in reverse.
So we've established that you don't know what you are doing. Are you doing it as hard and as fast as you can? No? Then you aren't spazzing. If you are trying to do something with deliberate focus in a controlled way, even if it's not something you've been taught, then you're fine.
If they had a better format for the Top 8 it would. Maybe give a 2 hour dinner break before the top 8 for people to eat and relax and prepare, but I know that would make events run super long. Just seems like finding a way to let people eat and rest would cut down on the amount of sloppy play we end up seeing.
EXCUSE ME WHILE I SLAP MY DRINK ACROSS YOUR ARTWORK SIR! OH! I HAD NO IDEA THAT MIGHT HAPPEN!
&gt; Besides, do you really want to look back in 20 years of pictures of you wearing rainbow tights, with an Iron Man rash guard and a purple gi with 57 goofy patches on it? :/ Yes.
&gt;I don't want to be rude Be rude. Take control of your training. If the dude tries to stop drilling to tell you some shit then tell him you want to get your reps in and he can discuss it afterwards. Dudes breath is bad? Bring listerine strips or mints or something and give him one before class every time. Dude has BO? Sometimes you just gotta deal with that shit. It's a sweaty sport with sweaty people.
Well, we don't know that for sure unless it was updated since I first read it. This might be a situation where one group of people are less invested in the competitive scene, so they aren't shelling out for snapcasters and shit, while the other group is. So all of group 1s decks are Tier 1.5 and Tier 2 at best, while Group 2 is fielding Tier 1 decks across the board. If that is the case then the 'money' variable can be removed by switching formats to one that is less affected by your supply of available cash. If Group 2 is just straight up a bunch of better magic players then the result is going to be identical, obviously, but again we don't have that information as far as I know.
Umm, all of the shit that works for someone half your size just works that much better for you.
Please don't. Go buy the appropriate gear for your bondage related sexytimes and leave your BJJ stuff out of it.
I'm a fan of awarding 2 points and a standup if someone gets lifted above their opponents waist. So, if I have a triangle, and someone is able to pick me up so that my head goes above their waist then they get 2 points and we restart standing.
My attitude is just fine.
Go read the studies again. The results aren't universal. Some people had reaction times that were up to 3/4 of a second slower when high than when sober. It affects everyone differently and making any kind of universal "Marijuana does X or does not do Y" statement is going to be wrong. The risk for slowed reaction time and loss of focus is there, therefore it's a disservice to your training partners to indulge without letting them know and making sure they are ok with it.
K, since /u/Rand486 has summoned me I have a nice example video to post of me from a tournament back in 2009. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jtf5iKr4ptE First example point is at the :48 second mark. I have a sort of double armbar, my opponent jerks me upright and immediately drops back down, bonking me on the ground. I have had the same sort of thing happen on wooden floors and you don't notice it at the time, but it leaves some bruises later. I was too concerned with working for that armbar and let him posture too much. This was me making a mistake and getting bonked for it. He starts to posture again and I go to hook the leg and lose the submission attempt because I was focused on getting the underhook over maintaining the submission. Some scramble into omoplata follows and then we're at the next major point: At 1:54 I lock the triangle up and my opponent starts to stand. See how as my head comes up off of the ground I latch onto his leg? It doesn't matter if he can get me that far off of the ground. A bonk from there isn't going to KO me, or even be noticeable even on concrete. I continue to keep the triangle solid and latch onto that leg and pull whenever he tries to lift me. That means he ends up trying to do a 'good morning' (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/61/Good-Mornings.png) with my entire body weight, plus the strength of me pulling on his leg. Even as weak as I am, go put 180lbs on the bar and do a 'good morning' and see how that works out for you. Because of that I avoid being lifted more than a few inches off of the ground and I can even mitigate any impact from him dropping down on me around the 2:02 mark. This obviously wasn't perfect, but it's representative of the proper way to defend against the possibility of being slammed.
Well, I made all of my disastrous financial decisions back when I was 20, bought a house and car I couldn't afford, all that jazz. I learned my lessons and leaved well within my means for the next decade. And now my wife makes good money, and I make good money, so I can take a somewhat lower paying job and our combined income covers everything plus our extravagant luxurious lifestyle. If I were single, and didn't own 2 horses and a 26 acre farm, then yes. The lower income would have been just fine from the start for me. Had I known better and made better choices when I was 20 I could have gotten away with making even less, but don't lowball yourself either. The job market isn't an employers market anymore. When you are negotiating make it clear that you are willing to accept X compensation with Y specific scheduling concessions. A lot of places will either work with your scheduling requirements, or happily pay you a little bit less than you might actually be worth in exchange for letting you leave work an hour early a couple of days a week.
But correct punching technique is just that much more effective for a larger person. Things like using a crouched stance often come down to strategic thinking, not technical. And strategic thinking is where the big guy should be looking. Hang on people, make them carry your weight as much as possible, make them move more than you move, etc...
Against other kids I teach them to respect the tap the first time. I'm pretty damn confident in the kids I've dealt with being able to re-assert dominance if their aggressor comes after then again, and this time you don't let them up until you have backup, if no back up is on the way then it's night night time.
Where are you on the east coast? I will hook you up with something that meets your requirements.
How close to this are you? Universal Martial Arts ADDRESS: 165 Amboy Rd. (Building: F-601), Morganville, NJ 07751 PNONE: (732) 252-8103 / (732) 718-9466 Web site: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sambo-MMA/205389642812076 E-MAIL: samboinnj@yahoo.com INSTRUCTOR: JAMES WHITE This is a combat Sambo place that probably will be exactly what you are looking for.
If they are applying an armbar and putting steady pressure, and you tap when the pressure is at the limit, and they continue to put pressure on for another full second because they lost focus a bit, your arm will know the difference. It's not cranking it's just continued application of pressure beyond the tap due to inattention or slower reaction.
I super agree with this. Tell the instructor. My friends who teach the kids classes would never ever ever ever put up with that kind of stuff from the kids they teach and they would enforce it via BJJ related punishments, and that stuff can be truly truly miserable.
I would be there with pitchforks and torches to crucify you as well over dirty gi acceptance!
The goal behind all of those things is to make the space that your opponents neck is in as small as possible, so do all of those things and then look for other ways to make the space small from wherever you end up. Some times this means getting up on your toes and rotating a bit, punching your choking arm through a bit harder, turning your wrist over, etc...
Get a Fuji Victory. They cost about 80$ and are some of the bet gis you can get. My Fuji is still my favorite gi.
Don't ever let your foot go past your opponents hip.
Pass to the other side.
You will run into people who can finish the triangle while stacked, so be aware. A common counter is sweeping you, switching to the armbar, underhooking the leg to turn your stack into a super tight triangle.
Unless your some kind of palsied retiree you're at least as strong as I am, so I'm guessing you're just doing it wrong. My go-to guard break that works on everyone is to get grips on the pants just to the inside of the hips, keep my own elbows in near my sides, sit down on my heels, make an L with my legs, and then expand myself until my opponents guard breaks open. Works on everyone.
I don't want to be on bottom mount, or have my back taken, or be bottom side control. I don't mind having DLR, my opponent can't do anything against it except get swept. I FAR PREFER to be on top Knee on Belly.
I'm willing to bet money that you train entirely differently from 99% of all Kung Fu schools though, because years of form training and compliant drilling isn't going to give you the skills to stuff a single leg.
&gt; 230 lb body builders don't get knocked on their ass by a magic trick. They do, they most certainly do. It's all about positioning of your body in relation to theirs and making sure that their base starts out compromised. It's all physics and fakery.
My estimate is a guess solely based on me rolling well against a bunch of brown belts recently compared to how I was rolling with brownbelts before my layoff. :)
I'm going to go ahead and not put much stock in your 20 year old memory of this event then.
I'm walking around at an easy 142, so light feather seems like an easy choice.
LOL @ 'this young man', I'm a year older than you are. :)
One of the things that I always make sure to do is to focus my weight on my opponent. I don't drop my knees to the mat, I don't rest on my elbows. I make sure that the only thing touching the ground is my toes, everything else is on my opponent. Even when I drop my hips down towards the mat I just barely don't touch the mat. Also, WHERE you put the weight can make a huge difference. I do my damndest to keep my weight as tightly focused on my opponents solar plexus as possible from side control. One way to start figuring out the details is to pay good attention to that tiny female when you roll with her and focus on WHERE it feels like her weight is.
You have to go back flat to counter that grip and start your escape again cause you fucked up.
We call it the Rear Naked Crank, because the hand grip you use is identical to the RNC grip. I had it done to me at one of my first NAGA tournament sand almost blacked out.
If the person isn't resisting at all, then yeah, you can do it in 4 seconds. But even a small amount of resistance pushes that up to 7, and most people are going to manage to hold out for 8-12 seconds. Some people can hold out even longer.
Those are all side effects. Not the primary. They are things you learn from ANY hard physical work or competition. The PURPOSE of martial arts is the teach people to fight effectively. One of the BENEFITS of it is that you usually develop other positive characteristics. The thing that makes BJJ different from Gymnastics is not in the side benefits, it's in the main focus. An olympic gymnast has every possible benefit you could derive from training a martial art except the martial part. That's what distinguishes them.
None of us think this was a good idea. The only time I would ever engage someone with a gun is if I was very worried they were going to shoot other people, or intended to shoot me whether I tried anything or not.
&gt; Evidence actually shows that martial arts practitioners are actually at a higher risk of injury in those situations because they BELIEVE THEY KNOW HOW TO FIGHT EFFECTIVELY, Citation needed. &gt;FURTHERMORE martial artists are actually held accountable in legal situations where they use their "effective fighting skills" because the legal system deems that someone who has knowledge of specific harm they can cause to someone are (to paraphrase) twats and should take responsibility. Citation needed. &gt;Military martial arts is essentially very simple self defense. Citation needed. You may not be learning to fight. I am, and have. That's what makes what I train a Martial Art, and what you do interpretive dance.
Do you enjoy prison? If you enjoy prison then go right ahead.
What was the gender distribution at the event though?
&gt; couldn't get into that sporting team because you weren't skilled enough it made you doubt yourselves and want to give up on trying. The fuck kind of pathetic attitude is that? When someone tells me I can't do something because I'm not skilled enough I decide how much I want that thing, then if I want it enough I put in the work to try to reach that next level, I don't just roll over and quit because I'm not yet skilled enough. That's nonsense. Being denied the opportunity to do something based on an attribute you can't control like your gender or race is a problem. Being denied something because of your ability to perform is not a problem. Other than that, I agree with you.
You assholes are in my neck of the woods. Don't pointlessly and blatantly post zero content advertising. I'ma downvote you, I'ma downvote your cow, I'ma downvote your whole family.
No, the fetch lands were nice and all, but the set over all was really well put together. It had a lot of fun mechanics that worked well together, it was a 3 color set with good mana fixing so making 3 color decks felt pretty easy, and because a lot of the cards require three colors of mana you get to play with some pretty powerful cards like Siege Rhino. The draft environment was just really good and fun and it also includes a lot of solid cards for both standard and modern.
I've done that too. Pulled into a walmart parking lot 10 minutes away from the venue at 3-4 am, slept for 5 hours, then went to weigh-in and compete.
Choke him until he taps or goes out. Close your eyes and dig your head down to protect yourself. Joint locks you should be kind of nice with and release even if someone is just being douchebaggy and refusing to tap, but chokes you can just hold until they go out if they refuse to tap.
Just go ahead and garrote them if you have a loop of paracord.
He was pressing his hands into the dudes eyes, that's zero risk and easily avoided simply by moving your head.
It's not an escalation. You hold the choke until they tap, escape, or go out. That's how I normally perform chokes in class. Pushing on my face like a dumbass doesn't fall into any of those categories.
My gym is open like all fucking day on saturdays. Don't think there are official classes on sunday but I could probably find someone to show up and open the place up to roll.
Awesome progress! Keep it up!
If they want to stop weight cutting then they should just institute a second weigh-in right before the fight, and if you are more than X lbs heavier than your night before weigh-in then you get fined part of your purse.
Have done. Went slightly too far, or had opponents slightly too slow to tap and resulted in hospital trips or unconsciousness. I've been on the other side as well, been a bit too slow or thought I had an out when I didn't and ended up injured or unconscious.
&gt;Following on from above, know what the uniform rules are before turning up. I had several awkward conversations upper belts who had rashguards / shorts / belts that wouldn't pass the gi-check. I would love to know the uniform rules for what constitutes a Gi or belt that is 'too worn' since I've had teammates who had to very quickly borrow a Gi from someone else because of that, even though as far as we could tell their belt/gi and other people who passed were in exactly the same shape.
Because you're a whitebelt scrub and he's your instructor.
I've had classes with Jacare, but not with Clark, so I would probably go for Clark for the novelty of it, but Jacare always takes some kind of insanely stupid simple technique and then shows you like 3-4 details that improve it a hugely for you.
This is a thing. When two people are of equivalent skill or close to it then the larger person generally has an advantage. Training in a martial art should let you acquire the skill to overcome that natural disadvantage against an untrained or less skilled person. The solution to your problem is to train harder and be better than they are, or understand that you aren't going to beat an equally skilled opponent who is larger than you are very often.
After initially learning the escapes I don't think I've every really drilled most of them beyond my time spent 'active drilling' while rolling and positional work like one person starts with side control and you have to escape while they have to submit you or something like that. I think a lot of people see it as escapes being the thing that you are practicing all of the time anyways because you're a white belt, so actively drilling them doesn't have the same kind of urgency as some other technique groups.
Your final option is flipped from the usual I think. Generally if it's going to be allowed it's allowed in No-Gi, but not in Gi. Not sure if you meant 'use knee reaping in Gi' or 'use the current rule in Gi'.
Is there any particular reason that you think I shouldn't be confident in my ability to do to an untrained person something that I've done to trained people thousands of times? And of course: &gt;move to the next opponent, and be no worse off than someone who stayed on their feet. You keep creating this weird strawman notion that I am talking about taking someone down and executing submissions on them in a situation where there are known multiple opponents. I've never said that. If I end up on the ground through some part of the chaos of combat then I get the option to snagging a limb and cranking it as hard as I can to disable one of my opponents and then working to get back to my feet using proven skills practiced thousands of times against resisting opponents. Your entire position is based on this fallacy that people who are trained in grappling and/or MMA will choose to take a fight to the ground and keep it there no matter what the context is. That's something completely made up in your own head. If I'm in a situation where the context indicates it's safe for me to engage someone, put them on the ground, and work from there then I will. If the context says that's not a good idea then I can use my skills to stay on my feet and avoid being tackled and curbstomped. Am I confident of this ability? Fuck yes I am. I've done it under full resistance for years. How's your takedown defense? How are your mount escapes? Do you have any idea how to stop someone from sitting on your chest and punching your skull into tiny pieces?
&gt; I've been looking for a good defense of MMA in the multiple attacker context, but in my practical fighting experience, the second you're locked with someone is the second someone else starts hitting you This is because you don't actually know anything MMA training and assume that MMA is about immediately clinching with an opponent and pulling guard or some equally dumb shit, when in reality anyone who has done even a SMALL amount of MMA training is a better standup fighter than most TMA blackbelts because their training uses a better methodology than forms and chi sao or point sparring.
&gt; like somehow MMA as a concept trains martial artists better than martial artists from every other discipline. What a joke. The methodology IS better because it's the methodology found in effective striking styles like Boxing and Muay Thai, and not the fantasy garbage found in Wing Chun, and Taekwondo. &gt;It has a distinct purpose that is founded in actual physiology and science. It is a literal "faster than you can think", which is far faster than trying to discern an attack and make a conscious decision about response. More fantasy nonsense. This is the end result of training anything a sufficient amount. Do you think I have to think about how to react when I'm grappling? Of course not. I have thousands of repetitions and hundreds of hours of time spent working against resisting opponents. Against someone who is untrained I know exactly what they are doing before they do it because their body tells me a thousand things about how they are about to move. This isn't some sort of mystical thing that Wing Chun has that only works for Chi Sao. It's the end product of good training. Except that Chi Sao doesn't actually map onto anything that happens in an actual fight in any way. So yeah, 100 hours of really good training will trump 1000 hours of really bad training any day.
&gt; Some of the best fighters in the world have gone down with full awareness of the opponent on the first or second punch of a professional fight. Against professional fighters with professional skills. I understand why you think untrained people are so dangerous, it's because you're shit at fighting. People with actual skills don't have that problem. I've taken and given out plenty of punches, padded and unpadded and I will happily do so again given the opportunity. And I have yet to have anyone demonstrate in any reasonable way how Wing Chun (we're going to stick with that one for the moment since it's where most of this dumb shit comes from) suddenly becomes more effective as a combat method when a second or third attacker enters the picture than an equivalent amount of training in MMA. If you are worse at fighting one person, which you most definitely are, then what about that makes you think that you are going to have a better chance against two people? And if you think you ARE better at fighting one person then let's see some proof of that anywhere. Want to see good WC that actually teaches people to fight? Look at Alan Orr. How do those guys train? 95% exactly like MMA gyms. Because the training methods are flat out better.
&gt;Even pros, in a professional context, with perfect situational awareness, are subject to getting KTFO over the smallest lucky shot. Those shots aren't lucky. You're mistaking luck for skill, not an uncommon thing for those without skill to do. You are clearly a complete troll. Someone with 12 months of boxing is a better stand up fighter than someone with a decade of WC on average. Someone with 2 years of MMA is going to be a better standup fighter than someone with a decade of WC. And I'm being generous saying 2 years instead of less. So, let me try to make this as simple as possible so you will understand it. If you are shitty at fighting ONE person, then you aren't going to magically be better at fighting TWO people. Training to fight ONE person FIRST is where you start. If you want to fight TWO people then you expand your training using the SAME FUCKING METHODS to encompass two people, then more people, then weapons, etc... You do NOT start playing advanced level pattycake and pretending that you can punch someone multiple times in one second effectively.
I wasn't interested before, but now....
Who the hell is downvoting all of /u/Bjjcollective's posts in here? That's not cool. He's giving relevant advice with video links. Don't be a hater. This is the one I generally use: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q33fwdLvPi4 It's called the french girl ONLY if you pose stylishly at the end.
&gt; There's no such thing as a pure striker in MMA. There's definitely pure grapplers with some strike defenses. More things you're wrong about. There are both pure grapplers and pure strikers at the amateur level of MMA, not as many as there used to be, but they still are there and find some success. There are even a handful of pure strikers and pure grapplers who make it into the lower tier of the professional level. But there are no pure grapplers or pure strikers who are finding success at the top levels of MMA. Fabricio Werdum is the closest thing to a pure grappler you'll find at the top and he's still a better striker than damn near everyone who ISN'T a professional striker at the top of their sport. I think you may have confused MY training with MMA in general. I'm a BJJ grappler with a focus on competition first, and an MMA hobbyist second. My interest in self defense is purely for entertainment which is why I roll in street clothes with strikes on occasion, or do things like work to get to my feet while one person tries to hold me down and a second moves in to hit me. &gt;basic and widely accepted issues with MMA. Widely accepted by people that don't actually know anything about it I guess... But MMA does not have the problems you are ascribing to it. If you want to make the argument about BJJ in specific then you have a conversation. But trying to say MMA has a problem simply because it contains a strong library of grappling techniques in addition to the strong library of striking techniques and clinchwork, all of which are trained with aliveness against resisting opponents is just... silly. And trying to bring up the strawman AGAIN that says being on the ground against multiple opponents is a bad idea is just as meaningless as it always has been because no one is disputing that. So maybe try to reframe your argument in some way that doesn't make you look like an idiot? And I'm even conceding your 50% grappling number for laughs, though the gym I train at has our MMA fighters training about 25% BJJ on the ground and the other 75% standup of one kind or another, either standing grappling for takedowns and takedown defense, or clinch and striking work. I imagine the percentages vary from gym to gym, and if you had any idea how actual MMA training worked you might know that. BUT, we'll assume all MMA training is 50% BJJ for now.
This is my favorite Gi. I recommend anyone looking for a new gi go grab one.
Certainly a fun card for Elvish Piper style effects that let you cheap stuff into play. At only 1G it might even be good enough for constructed play in some kind of Pod style value deck.
More class.
Start Here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI Continue and watch the whole science of jiujitsu series if you have the time. This will at least give you some direction when you're rolling, but there is absolutely not substitute for mat time.
Yup. A2 fits like a glove.
I didn't sweep the awards?! I demand a recount!
Look up Kyle Maynard and BJJ.
More often I get other people grabbing my shorts in no-gi...
His first crop of from scratch guys just got promoted to black belt like 4 months ago. They were all killing it at brown, so we'll see how they do at black belt.
I prefer my knee to be on the neck, but either way is good.
Because showing up to class is the single largest struggle that most people face. Work and home obligations, expenses, random social anxiety, transportation, all of those things will conspire to keep you from class. Once you get to class your instructor and your teammates are there to take you the rest of the way. They'll get you on the mats, train with you, keep you motivated and moving while you're in class.
I'll be running both in my Meren GB Sacrifice deck. Makes it easier to combo out.
Let me be more specific. If my foot gets tangled in your t-shirt in ANY WAY, I'm tearing that shit right off of you. It's annoying. Buy a rashguard.
Iron patches come off way too easily in my experience. Sew on is the way to go.
AWWW YISS!!! This is gonna be GOOD! I like seeing this guys in a tournament instead of the Metamoris matchups. Definitely gonna buy this one.
This is why I always open up my leglock game on our MMA guys. I want them to be ready for everything.
He's a very popular comedian, was the host of fear factor for several years, and was on the show News Radio, has done some other media projects, and gets paid pretty well for his UFC coverage. He's worth about 25 million. You can check out some of his work here: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0736579/
Get a tight rashguard, the fabric won't rub as much. 3 hours before should be fine. Your skin flora has enough time to recover. Just make sure you are taking a shower AFTERWARDS as well.
Not at all. My spine issues were there LONG before I started BJJ. I've had chronic back issues since I was 15 or so, and the issues in my neck are related to that. Training regularly is one of the things that helps reduce my pain.
BJJ is useful for neutralizing someone without hurting them, or disabling them until they are no longer a threat. It does NOT fare well in a chaotic melee environment like a bar brawl. For that the skills you would use most from BJJ are the ones that you use to stand up while under pressure, or avoid getting knocked down in a clinch. That kind of thing. You would still want that, but the overall skill transfer is going to be better from a standup art. Of course, your best plan is to not get into drunken brawls...
Sounds like another prime candidate for OBMA! I wrote a series of articles about this exact issue that got picked up by several other people. Just start reading these: https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=joshjitsu+operation+be+more+assertive Those are mine and several of the other people who got involved. There's a lot of good material in it.
I'm much more inclined to let someone work and explore and find success if they are taking a more relaxed approach to the roll than if they come at me like there's money on the line.
BJJ e'ry day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI This video changed my life when it comes to stopping guard passes.
Seems about like oldskool Catch to me. The MT instructor at my last gym had the same kind of attitude and ran his classes the same way. Not something I would enjoy, but it kind of fits the more super aggressive catch mentality. And this: &gt; and tells her, "this isn't jitz, work for a better position . Once again, it feels like a dig at bjj Isn't a dig at BJJ, it's just a fact. Working from the bottom is NOT what catch is about. You get on top and you grind your opponent until you can sub them. Make them cry if you can. It's a different attitude and a different style.
TROVED. Keepers of the Trove bloodline mod.
Go back as if you're starting from scratch, your first day, with no expectations. Do that and you'll do fine.
Feet on hip spider guard is one of my strongest positions. It feeds into DLR, regular spider guard, x-guard, overhead sweeps, sickle sweeps. It's option rich and very strong. What you can't do is just put your feet on their hips and do nothing else. Upper body control is a big part of making any guard successful.
&gt; I can't just show up to class and do what they're instructing, or I wouldn't grow. I was thinking about this today because we had a crop of fresh white belts in the gym for the new year, and I was thinking about how EASY it is to improve as a white belt. Like from the beginning of class to the end you get to see visible improvement in them. All they have to do to get better is just show up and do what we tell them and they can't help but get better. For me it's HARD to improve. It's easy for me to coast through a class doing what I always do and maybe, MAYBE a get slightly very incrementally better at something, but maybe I don't. If I want to really improve I have to be actively thinking about what I'm doing and why, analyzing it, looking for the reasons I fail at things, and really actively fighting for improvement.
