Most of reddit thinks anything older than three or four years is going to explode any second.
Source: every skinnyfat who thinks they can "eat whatever they want and not get fat." I was one of them once.
Get a myfitnesspal account and log everything that goes into your mouth for a week or two. That'll explain very clearly why you never gain weight despite all the food you think you eat.
&gt; The too expensive excuse always baffles me considering so many Americans get their meals from eating out. It would be considerably cheaper to cook very healthy meals at home. Oh god, don't bait reddit into this discussion. If you think this thread is full of excuses...
Same here. Took a while to come around and get used to a new guy there, but damn, Cory is great at calling a baseball game.
It's the little known fifth turtle, Retardatello.
Muhammed Comcast.
Don't sweat it. I'd seriously up the calories a bit and just stick to it for a month. See how that goes.
Poutine
The Benjamin Button trailer with Arcade Fire's "My Body is a Cage". Saw it in the theater and thought holy shit I need to see that. It wasn't that great.
Have you ever actually seen a dick before?
my car explodes?
Does a vasectomy count? If so, me.
You wouldn't want to live in Minnesota then.
I would have gone crazy. I had plenty of time after work to snuggle with my baby.
It's really not that fucking hard. Certainly not hard enough that I couldn't hold a job while doing it.
He's right though.
These people seems to think a job takes up 100% of your time and if you have a year off you'd spend ever spare second snuggling with your new baby. edit: I guess the downvoters really believe this is what parenting is like.
Why the hell would that worry you? It's how markets work.
Tell that to our resident army of "my pit wouldn't hurt a fly" redditors.
No one's forcing us to eat it in excess either.
This is why some people are poor.
For one person? Don't see the problem.
Who gives a shit? It sounds like it was a fantasy of hers and the money was just icing on the cake.
and he's very expensive
I doubt many of them are buying 20k Corollas.
Crock pot, man. Crock pot everything.
There are shit loads of jobs with emotional and mental exhaustion. Do you really think teachers are the only ones who deal with that? And yes, not everyone is cut out to be a teacher, much like not everyone is cut out to be a cop or ditch digger or doctor or retail clerk. Seriously, get over yourselves.
Yeah, I cut out the regular soda 10-12 years ago and I can barely make it through a can anymore. Between the overwhelming sweetness and the realization of how much sugar I'm ingesting, I just can't do it.
Again, reddit with this weird idea that any car that's a few years old is going to explode at any moment. Take decent care of them and they'll treat you just fine. Plus, it's not like new cars never break down.
I make no money and pay $1,000/month for this gigantic pickup. What do?
Buy a $50 push mower off craigslist.
I will never understand why guys do this. It always makes you look like you have a weak jaw and a double chin.
Because perpetual outrage is more important than actually being free to go.
I wouldn't expect him to even know what the hell that was. I'm not sure what the guy was trying to prove by pointing it out. It's not like an FBI badge or something.
But it achieves the opposite. You just end up defining your jaw line half way up your face and looking like you've got a double chin. It's a really weird look.
Well, it's Jeter, so of course it's overrated.
I think a lot of gun loving folks hate these clowns too. It gives all of them a bad name. Like you said, I don't know the guy walking around with a fucking assault rifle and I have no idea what his intentions are. I think these open carry groups do this shit to try to make it more common so people don't freak out when they see someone with one. Because wouldn't we all feel so much safer if everyone was wandering around with guns strapped to their backs like it's the wild fucking west again.
Well, he tried getting the kid to comply, which the kid didn't. He tried tasering him, that didn't work. Now the kid's on top of him punching him in the head. What exactly do you expect him to do?
it's not slut shaming, it's shaming the bitch who went around preaching abstinence only and making big money doing it
Who the hell cares about passing on your genes? Does anyone have a kid for that reason? That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard.
They actually pass each other.
That he likes to fuck younger women? Jesus, the dude is only 38.
And convincing Christian conservatives that they're being persecuted is the political equivalent of shooting fish in a barrel.
put a plate full of french fries in front of him, that'll shut him up for a while
I'm in a profession full of wealthy, white, generally conservative Christian men. You wouldn't believe how often I read shit like "the white Christian man is the only person you can legally persecute in this country!" These are people who've never seen an ounce of persecution in their fucking lives. I know, I'm one of them, minus the conservative Christian part. Being a white guy in this country is still like winning the genetic lottery.
I'm loving this dude's campaign already. Between him and Trump this should be a fun ride.
&gt;Somehow not being able to persecute others is in itself persecution? God, exactly right. My own sister was bitching about it on Facebook yesterday, saying shit like "don't hate me for my opinions!" And it's like, bitch, you guys as a group voted to prohibit a group of people from getting married even though their marriage doesn't affect you one bit. And somehow she's the one who's feeling hated. It's mind blowing.
What, being a hard worker isn't a good enough defense?
Tell them God gave you a bad heart and science fixed it.
he looks black to me
It's just a stupid quote.
A parade of lifted trucks flying confederate flags. This is exactly how I envision the south to be.
I'm sure many of them change for political reasons. But it's hard to know for sure when that's the case.
Yeah, no shit. This went from "my dad moved it and is kind of a jerk" to "i'm aborting his baby". She yada-yada-d a lot of the story.
that time I actually raised my hand in class
Civ 5, if you're looking to pass lots and lots of time.
Oh god, imagine the state of OP's righteous indignation now....
Oh Lawd, go fix yourself a mint julep and calm your tits.
nope
http://i.imgur.com/NQHKSVE.gif
I think they look stupid, unless you're actually going offroading or something. But do what you want, it's your car.
I've called the people where I'm from much worse, so wouldn't bother me a bit.
Imbalances in what? Those three exercises cover a huge range of muscles, which is why they're always the go to lifts.
Do some rows or some other pulling exercise. I guess I'd assume most lifting plans include something like that.
You're absolutely right that he's following the law. But it's the classic case of "you're not wrong, you're just an asshole". We have the right to do a lot of things, but most of us control ourselves so as to not make everyone else's life miserable.
/r/lewronggeneration
Me too, man. Sucks. And then the "why are you turning so red?!" comments making a bad situation worse. I'm able to mostly control it now just because I'm not in those situations as much any more, but it's always lurking there.
Mostly lifestyle modification, like I alluded to. It was much worse when I was in school, forced into group settings, group projects, speeches, etc, etc. Now that I'm out, I started a business, my own boss, and am just not in those situations much any more. But yeah, no magic pill or anything unfortunately.
And if they didn't lose to a backup QB at home they'd be in too. But they did, so they were out.
They did...a little. Down 14-0 and driving. Score a TD there and you're down a touchdown in the first quarter and who knows how the game goes from there. Instead we throw a pick 6 and it's game over. Coulda shoulda woulda, I guess.
I thought the same thing. They had kind of regrouped from that quick 14-0 start and were driving down the field. I thought maybe they had weathered the storm. Then the pick six and that was ballgame.
Wasn't a fan of his before this season and I'm still not. Sounds dumb to say after the season they've had, but I just don't like his style and getting destroyed in bowls is getting old.
[I can see it](http://i.imgur.com/DTNVt1E.png)
My name's not exam, you ass!
&gt; MSU was superior that game and they deserved the win. Exactly. Which is why all the whining about the Mich-Mich St punt thing is so stupid. You guys actually played Mich St. And lost to Mich St.
Been facing it for the last 10 years.
/r/funny
same here. Can't live without it now. Also have a similar app, Twilight , I think, on my phone.
I've been saying the same thing even back when Nascar was surging in popularity. The races are too damn boring. People can sit here and say "well, look how many people sit down for 3-4 hours and watch football". Yeah, but Nascar races are the equivalent of a football game where both teams just hand off and pound 2 yard runs into the line for 58 minutes and then let it fly in the last 2. Nascar is the kind of sport that you really need to be into to be able to sit through a race and appreciate the intricacies. Most people just aren't going to sit down and watch 3.5 hours of lap-logging for 10 minutes of late race excitement. It's a format problem and Nascar can tweak things around the edges, but as long as races are as long as they are this is going to remain a struggling sport. The answer to their problem is staring them in the face with the Eldora truck race format, but I won't be holding my breath.
It is kind of MO of Islamic terrorists. Is it racist to point that out now?
The guy was pretty obviously talking about Islamic terrorists. He was following the previous two comments that also didn't specifically say "Islamic terrorists" so let's not pretend he was talking about all muslims, ok? I know it's very hard to not make everything racist, but maybe try just this once.
&gt;I can indeed hate on hipsters for the PBR train. I think PBR is somewhat decent and used to be my go-to for cheap beer. Same here, although I hate sounding like a "I liked it before it was cool" guy. I didn't necessarily like it, it was just my go to cheap beer.
Honestly, ANY allowance at 30 is excessive.
Seriously, do people realize they're not required to say "thanks for the gold, kind stranger"? No one's going to take away your reddit privileges if you just say thanks.
He's saying it's pretending that they're doing it to inspire people that is off-putting. If you want to just post your ass because it's a great ass and you like the attention, then go for it.
&gt;I have zero actual personality!" they are nice to look at though i cant lie. Edit: If all you do is eat healthy and go to the gym you're probably boring. I was with you until this. I hate this concept that being fit requires 24/7 attention and that being in shape means you're some kind of meatheaded moron. Believe it or not a decent diet doesn't require that much work and working out three or four hours a week isn't that time consuming.
Me too. Was told if you want to go to college you better work in high school to pay for it. So that's what I did. Just thought that was normal. I was wrong.
Please don't start this shit.
Well see, age caught up to him!
He'll get his ass locked up for life like three seconds after leaving the NFL.
It's an ideology, not a race. Why can't people understand this.
Yeah, sanity. Like conflating race and ideology.
I think most people get they're doing it for safety, the problem is that they're having to do that because one group of morons will kill them for displaying a cartoon.
I grew up there. I moved away for a while and lived in a forested area that more traditionally beautiful. I hated it. Made me claustrophobic. Couldn't wait to get back to those big corn fields.
Because Hillary and the mainstream media won't let them, dummy!
I feel like this is the reality behind most child's drawings. No deep meaning, just a screw up.
This is simply a matter of rearranging money that is already being spent. Essentially exchanging private spending for public. There's also no reason to believe it won't be much less expensive overall, given how much cheaper every other country is able to do it.
same here. Also on SSD. Load times are tripled and frame rate is cut in half.
You've probably already tried, but have you set your iPresentInterval to 0 in fallout4prefs.ini? I did that, set a frame rate limit with RivaTuner, and my FPS about doubled. Load screens were cut in half too for whatever reason.
If three steps and a knee down isn't a catch, then I give up.
Being rude one night while drunk doesn't necessarily make one an asshole. He chose a poor way to come out and say he had a problem with her weight, sure. But OP hasn't given much of an indication that this guy's been an asshole otherwise. After all, he did sit silently while she packed on 45 pounds in a year.
You're right, ignoring it forever even when it bothers you is a better route.
&gt;THAT WAS STUPID I agree.
Did it stay set at 0? Sometimes the game sets it back unless you make the file read only.
I get the feeling that much of /r/nascar doesn't pay any attention to dirt racing. Which is too bad.
ok,figured i'd try. For whatever reason that one stupid thing fixed all my problems. Good luck!
Got any local dirt tracks near you?
Yeah, don't understand the Peyton hate here. He can't catch these balls for the receivers.
Save us from what? The punishment that he himself designed when a couple people ate an apple? Sounds like a cool guy.
Yeah, I've got five within an hour of me that run weekly shows and one more that runs four-five shows a year. It's pretty great.
Funny, I've already seen the "this is just a big handout" line trotted out tonight. As if we're not already paying for the care of the poor. The upcoming debate on this is going to drive me insane.
Astute observation considering this is a discussion about having kids or not having them.
Frankly, it'd be the best thing they ever did. There's a reason every dirt track in the country runs that way.
Was watching the news coverage tonight and had to mute it every time she was talking. I just don't get her appeal. She is fucking painful to listen to.
Based on your one experience. Got it. No one has ever waited in an ER in the US before.
That's the stupid inefficiency created by our system, ironically enough in part due to Reagan signing EMTALA into law. Doing so created a de facto universal care system that drove the uninsured to acquire that care in the most costly way possible - the ER.
On reddit? The idea that poor people are just a bunch of hard working folks with four jobs working 100 hours/week. Sorry. I think most people are poor because they're dumb people who make dumb decisions.
Didn't see the pickup guy do anything wrong here.
Quick, someone post Charlie Bit My Finger!
I'm still wondering how you have two grisly rape/murder scenes without a drop of blood. Dude must have some some serious blood cleaning up skills.
And to think it's been appealed and that someone in power presumably watched that and was like "nope, no problem here!" That's fucking terrifying to me.
Still want to know how there was no blood found in either of the two supposedly grisly crime scenes.
Where's the evidence this woman was raped and had her throat slit while tied to a bed in this guy's bedroom? Avery apparently is a very gifted crime scene cleaner.....and then decides to just stash the vehicle out back?
ok, fair enough
Actually it was the defense lawyers making that point.
No, but they're trying to explain that it didn't need to be some huge conspiracy. That just one guy could've pulled it off. And to that end, I think they're right - one guy COULD have pulled it off. Now, to be clear, I don't necessarily think Avery is guilty or innocent. I just think there was enough reasonable doubt here to not convict him.
WAKE UP, SHEEPLE!
I grew up on a farm so I totally get it.
Do what?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
sweet repost
Goodwill smell.
Why is this perfectly reasonable question getting downvoted? WTF is going on here?
Mostly because of the idea that that's just what you do after you get married. I would not recommend using this logic.
She's an adult. Why exactly should she have to tell everyone about this? yeah, a DUI is a big deal, but she probably just wants to forget about it and put in the past like anyone else would want to.
My buddy is a marriage like this and is miserable. I think it's time you put your foot down. She doesn't want you getting a room to stay over night? Tough shit. She's going to have to deal with it. Time for her to grow up or you better start looking for an exit plan. Living with someone like this would be awful.
Probably some evolutionary motherly instinct stuff. Guy with kid means he's not shooting blanks and he's able to care for offspring. Something like that, I'd guess.
[Breaking news.](http://bogleech.com/pokemon/slowpoke.png)
I guess I can't blame them for depending on the defense, but you're only going to hold the Pats for so long.
Peyton looks like he's in pain doing anything. Resting pain face.
how the fuck do you let Gronk get over the top there?
ok
You don't need one that plays games, just one that realizes that you enjoy them so you should play them. I play all the damn time, especially during the shitty winters here, and my wife never says a thing about it. She knows it's how I relax.
I never really thought much about it until I'd read stories about controlling significant others on reddit. I just assumed rational behavior when it came to this was normal. Haha. Anyway, today I bailed out of a family function with my inlaws and spent the morning overclocking my CPU and then the afternoon watching football and playing video games. And none of it was a problem with her.
They won't listen to him either and then demand someone higher up the chain all while insisting they're "not trying to cause any trouble."
If you hit enough luxuries you'd be ok for a while. But it seems like it'd be a nightmare eventually.
Just my opinion, man.
"I don't give two shits about three fucks." This kid is hardcore.
[Looks like a success, Doc.](http://i.imgur.com/pOW71.gif)
yeah, my lab had access to the yard whenever he wanted and he'd regularly go out and nap in the sun when it was below zero.
How do you get black listed from Amazon?
So wake up early and do it. Or you work out one night while wife watches kids and then switch it up the next day.
The NFL has two conferences. Each conference picks it's best players and then those two teams play each other in a meaningless game at the end of the season.
American Horror Story: Freak Show. It's...ok.
If you're eating well with an active lifestyle, it's not genetics. It's almost never genetics.
But we have to make it sound harder so there's a convenient excuse when we quickly give up!
Well, there are ways to prevent getting pregnant again.
Sure, but even with cancer are you going to go to the lowest bidder when you or your kid's life is on the line? And how do you even go about knowing who's "good" at treating these things? Consumers are wildly uneducated about health care and simply can't make well informed decisions on these things, and certainly can't make rational ones when their life is on the line.
You realize this is literally how all insurance works, right?
That's the problem for me. I enjoyed FO4, but the world is just so bleak.
This is awful.
This is just a longer version of the "everybody makes mistakes" argument, which I've always thought is an awful argument to make. It's always built on this premise that everyone screws up and implies that those mistakes are somehow on equal footing. They're not. Slipping on the ice because I wasn't paying attention is a mistake. Forgetting to buy milk at the grocery store is a mistake. These are things everyone does. Cheating on your partner may be a mistake, but it's a whole other level and many people are able to go through life without making a mistake like that.
Yeah, I hate our current system and am a single payer fan......but.....something doesn't add up with this story.
Perhaps, but someone making 300k with millions in the stock market shouldn't be teetering on bankruptcy due to $1k/day treatments that haven't even started yet.
No you wouldn't.
Yeah, I worked those 60-70 hour weeks in a hot-as-balls factory back in college. That's all it took to know I wanted no part of that shit for the rest of my life.
Got mine for $25 off Amazon. Best $25 I ever spent.
I envy nurses. They all seem to have this schedule.
Sure employees can have rights. But all of this... &gt;If your employer decides they don't need you, you're out of a job, lose income, lose healthcare, possibly other benefits. ...doesn't matter to me as an owner. If you're a shitbag employee I should be able to fire you whenever I want. And keep in mind, most businesses are small businesses. I can't afford to keep paying wages and benefits to employees who are terrible. There's not enough play in the numbers to make that shit work. Maybe if you're Apple or Facebook, which is how reddit seems to view most businesses.
But why don't you evil business owners pay me my full wages for an entire year when I have my baby and then just hire someone to replace me for that whole year when I'm gone!! It's only fair!
As awful as it is, this is the shit that will drive more people to vote for him. It's a net positive in the long run.
Bernie supporters are too busy assaulting Trump supporters, so that's what's getting covered.
I'm sure you'd ask the same question if an army of Trump supporters were assaulting Bernie people as they left the rally. Right? You wouldn't blame that on Trump at all. Right?
The media spent weeks blowing their load when that old guy punched that black kid at a rally. Funny how when the roles are reversed they act a little differently.
Probably when he talked about illegals when he announced his run and people purposely misunderstood what he said to fit their agenda.
Right, a crowd of young people chanting Bernie's name aren't Bernie supporters.
Maybe, although I think a lot of the rage is aimed at a strawman version of him, but either way you don't get to beat on his supporters because your feelings are hurt.
I'm not attributing anything to all of these protestors. But people in the crowd WERE chanting Bernie's name. People they interviewed WERE Bernie supporters. Just fucking deal with it, some of these people are definitely his supporters.
I also am anti-hell.
Surprising how many Bernie supporters are ok using violence against someone whose words they don't like.
Islam is an ideology not a race. Why is this so difficult to understand?
Yes. You don't get to beat people because you don't like their words.
So it's all Trump's fault and the Bernie people there weren't *actually* Bernie people. Sweet victim blaming, Berniebro.
Apparently you can't read because his post was specifically about people chanting Bernie while beating a guy. That isn't ALL Bernie supporters, nor is it even accusing the crowd of rioters of being Bernie supporters. He's talking about the people committing the assault.
You should go visit S4P. It's victim blaming up and down there right now.
"This." - serpentinepad "Literally this." - serpentinepad
&gt;Also a lefty. Teams will always shift you to pull so figure out how to shoot em out to left just over/by the 3b, you can usually walk to second. I did this my first few years now I dont care how they play me I just try to hit the ball as hard as I can. See, I don't get this. Lefties in our league always try to go opposite field and it's so weird to me. Most teams have their worst outfielder out in right field. Generally it's the guy who can't catch or throw. Not to mention that hitting to right is an inherent advantage anyway. I think a lot of lefties overthink this stuff because of "the shift", which is really just a normal defensive placement that's the opposite of what it would be for a righty.
I hit the local dirt tracks. Have several within about an hour. They cost about $10 and have little traffic. Plus the racing is better anyway.
"My mother is the strongest woman I know" - jeb "She should be running." - Trump GTFO guac bowl merchant.
The concept of what? Getting to beat someone because you don't like their words? What are we, four year olds?
Parked in the clearly marked "no parking - fire lane" area because you were "just running in"? Hop in this mobile gas chamber, son.
Well of course there will be delivery exceptions.
You've never actually set foot in a coat store, have you?
Yeah, but at Kohl's that jacket would've been $24,000 on sale for only $12,000! Instead she just paid $12,000 like a schmuck.
Better than assaulting you for going to a rally.
People trolling your subreddit is better than them beating you for going to a Bernie rally. What's so hard to understand. That seems undeniably true to me.
It's not so random to Trump supporters who have been assaulted.
From what I've read here tonight Bernie supporters are the smartest most informed voters. I'm sure they'll be lining up behind this candidate of which we speak.
Get her a coat!
