I have no fucks to give even to myself. Just got home from work. Tomorrow, on the other hand (haha, *on the other hand*)
I lived in a room for about three years in a rooming house. You have to eat, watch TV, read, EVERYTHING on the bed. It's rough, and I feel you.
Just chiming in: my great Uncle Howard Knox married Christina Jorgensen, the very first MTF transsexual. Just an interesting tidbit. Carry on!
I love that description, I just read it out loud to my roommate. He and I do not share the same sense of humor :(
My bedroom has a stove in it.
It takes forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I'll just throw one in there, even if I don't want one, because by the time it's done....who knows?
LOL. High profile.
Good thing you said that, it bugged me too. :D
Just toss it in the dryer to get off the... oh wait. Nevermind.
I could knit you all a fine pair of mittens! [Here is my stash.](http://imgur.com/hmXGwK6) A dog and two cats, over 4 years worth :D
I read that in Stewie's voice.
Dude I went to high school with makes hot sauce, check it out! http://www.hellfirehotsauce.com/
A quick posh on the dupa when he eats your kluski.
I never thought about that, it's not my house and the owner is extremely lazy...but he's usually really anal about safety. I'll bag and toss it today when I get home. Thanks for the heads-up!
It's in the basement so out of sight, out of mind :( As GenocideSolution pointed out, it's also an issue of safety, so it's on me to bag and trash it when I get home. Glad I posted it in retrospect.
You gotta score before you can snort.
That was the strangest sneeze I ever heard.
You know how many people DON'T know about reddit? I just started on last fall, and had only heard of it before. It seems once you start getting into it, you think everyone just *knows.* I think it would be fun to meet a fellow redditor at random, myself. I would think you could learn a lot about someone's interests and their sense of humor (or lack thereof) by using reddit as a conversation topic.
I was waiting for Chaos, instead I found Obvious.
You lucky limey bastard, no offense :D
So then... why do you have it? I really want to know!
I like your long hair! Tall, too...nice :) ^also ^your ^username
Now there's a drone I can get behind.
When I heard someone from Oklahoma say they were Midwest, we had an argument. Born and raised IL/WI, and "Midwest" has always been WI, IL, IN, OH, and IA (Maybe MO, but we don't really like to talk about that, poor Misery). MN, ND and MI are Upper Midwest. Then the Great Plains states, Texas (it's own thing), etc. etc. I have always lived within 10 miles of Lake Michigan (except for AR/OK for a stretch) so yeah, not too much thought about where the water comes from - I always knew.
First character I saw in the picture when I opened it. Good call mate.
Snoopy Come Home! *♫ 🎶 Snoo-ooo-ooopy come home, come home 🎶 ♫* I owned that soundtrack. But then again, later in life, I also owned [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWRWYYt47RI). I also owned [this soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nguB6wLxicU), i suggest you watch this movie, it made me cry just like Snoopy Come Home. Edit: Wish I would have cherished the things I had, both from childhood and beyond. You don't know what you had until it's gone.
Ten pounds of buffalo steak! Edit, because I do remember some reference: "Snoopy's desert-dwelling brother Spike was like this initially. The first time he appeared, he woke up after traveling a long time, and Snoopy announced, "Eggs benedict for my brother Spike!" To which Lucy replied, "Better make that ten pounds of buffalo steak" before he was actually seen. (In later stories, Spike was simply thin.)" From TVTropes board when I looked it up.
Take me back with you, on my way to Barstow.
Like Wilson on Tool Time.
I remember too, I had one that was Pooh Bear in a tree eating honey and it was the most glorious golden scene. Now, do any of you remember [these?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE1uitXjwqY)
Oh yeah, Tool Time was the show that Tim did, and Home Improvement was the show that showed how Tim made the show, and raised a family, with the help a sage neighbor, named appropriately enough, Wilson. I'm high, so let's take this further. Wilson's entire existence was to give a passive and profound vocal foil to the inner goofball dialogue we all express in our bid to understand the world and the people who live alongside us. Represented as a friendly neighbor or as a volleyball, the wall in which we bounce ideas off of is just as important as the projectiles we choose to lob. Again, I am so fucking high right now. Yep, that's staying as-is.
Couldn't he get a judgment against her now that will be in force and effect for 10 years? So if she does sell the mattress, puts her porno behind a paywall or writes a book in that time, he can still get his cash from her? That's how most civil judgments work as far as I know. I did collections for a year for an agency under contract for a large hospital in the South, where may people were poor. One of our tasks was to determine what assets they had and place liens against property, vehicles, bank accounts, etc. Their in-house attorneys would get judgments so they could garnish wages and collect on sold assets, or even going after their "estates" once they kicked the bucket (nothing like expensive hospital charges and and the stress of constant calls and legal actions to keep you healthy! /s). I hated that job, but I learned a lot.
I said the exact same thing to my roommate last night. Huh. We all know that timing is everything, just like on reddit :D
Oklahoma has Sinclair gas stations that sell non-ethanol gas AND it has Taco Bueno. That's about all I can say regarding Oklahoma's good points. (I lived outside of Claremore, off 66 between Claremore and Chelsea.)
My gramma knitted it so I have to wear it, but tbh I think it's offal.
Um, yeah it is, when you're getting it basically all at once. Did a rather potent shot once that had me flopping like a fish on my bed. Pearl shale, I think I busted off an eighth-gram chunk and shot it. Crossed my eyes and fell out. Glad I left that shit behind a long time ago.
That's why I was always Team Count Chocula. Goes in the same color as it goes out.
I lived there years ago, and didn't even know about MTBE. Thanks for your informative response :)
I came to this sub just today for the first time, and this is exactly what I was looking for. PERFECT.
I have to go update my blog...
One is always the "settler".
I, like, just want to administratively assist in things, man. That question is way above my pay grade.
http://imgur.com/TZ0i6fk
It was an awesome experience and I enjoyed myself immensely! Thank you, /u/powerlanguage !!
I bow to the glory of the Pressiah! Sitewide flair for the Chosen One!
Ganon. Only sure arrows can possibly take down Ganon. ^if ^I ^remember ^correctly.
Should have just tossed a tennis ball in there to see if it came out covered in otherworldly goo.
That one was awesome. The pics really helped to seal the deal in the "authenticity" department.
OOh my boyfriend just pointed that out! He loves Chevy and I had to show him this.
&gt; While we do not always agree with the content and views expressed on the site, we do protect the right of people to express their views and encourage actual conversations... &gt; We’re banning behavior, not ideas. How patently untrue. Unless you can prove one IP address is the source for out-of-site harassment or doxxing, you are censoring. What next, Coontown? Sexyabortions? This is absurd, and the bell tolls for reddit. If you disagree with the sub, fine, don't visit. Trigger warnings are for assholes.
They don't fuzz voting, you can see exactly the up/down ratio that reddit did away with.
I bought a teeshirt with red-eyed snoo snuggling a pineapple. Now I wish I bought the [limited edition "We Did It Reddit" shirt](http://teespring.com/we-did-it-thank-you-reddit) so I could overlay a red circle/slash over that image. Because what reddit just did in the latest round of bans, is the antithesis of the freedoms they profess to champion.
We must revisit and empower our mission statement. An executive outing is required, preferably on the links, to emphasize cross-discipline partnerships and encourage open dialogue! ^^I'll ^^just ^^administratively ^^get ^^you ^^boys ^^some ^^more ^^beer.
NO we must have a meeting... at 5 o'clock... to discuss marketing... and ignore the girl in production, whose job sheets you constantly fuck up... yeah, let's do that.
So you harass yourself online?
You ever hear a fat black woman? The decibels are off the chain!
[So this is what the world has come to.](http://imgur.com/gallery/eaKNnAt)
If 90 percent of accidents happen within ten miles of my home, people really need to stop driving so damn close to where I live.
Excellent. I've got my tactical yo-yo around here somewhere.
See /u/iusz comment above. I think you will enjoy it.
I seen you today you was standin' on a corner, leaning up against a post. (Or making a post, that don't confront me none.)
Except maybe Ike. ^sorry
Near end of party, some people were planning to hijack the rest of the dope bought by others. Dude came from kitchen with a knife, told everyone to put their pipes on the table, and get the fuck out. Stuck it in my back a little to make a point. Turns out the plan changed and he kidnapped one of my friends, who was in on the dope scam, in the attic after we all left. He beat and raped her for three days. His name was Brian and yes he did end up going to jail.
I love the Toadies and their Cheap Trick-inspired sarcastic vocals. Speaking of Cheap Trick: *Cheap Trick* is solid. *In Color* is a very close second.
I would, in a heartbeat. There are times I want to "have" a kid so I can get the instant no-questions-asked "out" from participating in off-hours events or meetings that don't even pertain to me. Just get a random kid pic in a frame and voila! Instant part-time parent.
I think I need a new hydro/turbo-emulator valve :(
HAHAHA! I was referencing my friend and I doing "car speak" when we were teens in that comment;, and lo and behold, the last car I owned was a Chrysler! Thanks for the morning lulz!
Comcast employee?
Better offended than defendant, amirite?
T'aint.
Whee! Cheap cigs, meth AND fireworks, all just a short cop-infested drive away! Sauce: lived in AR just 5 miles from MO border.
Child support payments need to be paid in vouchers somehow. This shit is ridiculous.
Ha ha! When I was a kid I always thought it was "the algebra that the devil put aside for me." I hated math.
HAHAHA you jest. Capzaicin XP is so deadly, if you apply it with bare hands, even the next day if you rub a mucous membrane, you WILL burn. You NEED gloves to apply that shit, but it works wonders.
That would be the Cos-emo-tics aisle. Just one over from Self-Inflicted Wound Care.
After watching the dude get banged on his skull with a hammer (and *hearing* it, ugh), I will also take the sidelines on this one :(
And Billie Holiday. :(
Brilliant!
I prefer "gesundheit," thanks....
I remember vividly going to my Aunt's "friend's" house with my cousin when we were young. This "friend", a male, had a pond/pool in his back yard an us kids would play out there. We would also wander around, and I remember seeing a gorgeous home, like an estate, with a sprawling front yard, close to this "friend's" house. I remember his name, but I really don't want to ask about it - my mom said this aunt, her sister, was illegitimate; and that her daughter (my cousin) was illegitimate as well. I believe that, as this Aunt doesn't resemble any of the other siblings, and her daughter does not have any of her assumed-father's unique facial characteristics. It's a weird memory I don't think I will ever resolve.
We had a fat female gerbil named Sam (we thought it was a "he.") Every new gerbil introduced would be dead the next day. She ended up escaping and would up in the furnace filter. There are serial killer rodents.
Maybe bad haircuts instill such internalized rage? I mean, look at the Sandy Hook shooter, and the Aurora shooter... now this guy. Hmmm.
Sometimes when I am just going about my business, I imagine that the Ingalls time-traveled to present and manifest in my home. I am tasked with explaining everything to them. Microwaving dinner? Explaining in my head. Redditing? Explaining. It's weird but makes me really think about our modern world.
Ankles for me. They're pretty shredded. I stopped a couple years ago &lt;3 Hope you see your way to a better release. I get it, I really do.
I m going shopping today after a stint at the beauty salon (on a gift card my current employer gave me for Christmas), because I have a job interview on Monday. I once worked where they would buy all the office personnel nice button-up and polo shirts with their logo embroidered on. So all I needed were a few pairs of nice slacks. I miss that. It costs a bundle to buy clothes you will never wear anywhere else but the office.
They have one of the, if not *the* highest markup margins, iirc. You can leave the store with a $2K diamond ring, turn right around, and sell it that same day for *maybe* $1K, at best.
Our hound gets so excited she closes her eyes when we come home, because she hits herself in the face with her tail :D It's adorable.
Nylon over the vacuum tube trick. I lived with a guy that dealt a lot, it was common to get an eighth from a good vacuuming once a week. Triplebeam was in the dining room and he liked to drink.
I don't know why you are being downvoted. Zippos have a wide flame and yeah, you may get singed a little sparking the bowl, but fuck it... a little fire ain't gonna hurt none.
Well, when you put both together the final outcome is some dude who gets off to only rape/torture porn, so there's that.
I met some of my ex-SO's friends and we got along GREAT! One day last week we got into it (we still live together, knew each other before becoming involved) because he was mad a friend of his was in town and didn't call him. I reminded him that his friend sent a postcard from a rehab facility and he never contacted HIM, so what makes HIM so special that he can just ignore his friends and expect them to to keep the friendship alive? He then told me he has no friends because I am "such a bitch and his friends hate me." I'm just like yeah OK. You keep telling yourself that. :D
Now that I think of it, one specific duo came over and stayed at the house over-weekend for Harleyfest. I think it ticked him off that one of the guys saved the front page of the local paper twenty years ago that I was on, because he thought I was hot. We never met each other before and he ended up emailing me a pic of his photo album with the saved page a few days later. He's long married and we just thought it was a hilarious coincidence. And it was :)
You should read "The Innocent Man" by John Grisham. Also, I dated a man in OK who they picked up for a rape. They gave the victim **five different mugshots of that same man** (he had been in the justice system before and they did not like him) in order to a) get perceived justice and b) get revenge on a cocky good-looking dude. He was no angel and we broke up, but I was involved enough to talk to his defense attorney and verify these incidents did happen. The lab also conveniently lost paint chips from his Jeep, and there was no DNA tested on the rape kit, if it was even processed. He went though utter hell and once he managed to get a retrial, the prosecution claimed they found the girl and instead of a paper trial, she would be present in the courtroom (which was a lie). He was so scared he pled out and went to prison.
At the time they were incredibly popular. I did not know that they were named after the book, thanks for that!
And that he was a cop. My dad is (was) a cop.
I stick the earbuds in upside down and then put the cord over my ear and behind the arms of my glasses. Much more comfortable, they don't pop out, and fit snugger in my ear. YMMV.
Because six would be PAWsitively polydactyl!
You would LOVE [American Science and Surplus.](http://www.sciplus.com/)
I loved all of Dan Brown's books. I also enjoyed the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series. But I am weird like that, as I also enjoy some of Dean Koontz's work.
[This guy?](http://imgur.com/Ad5GU3x)
My fave is "one door away from heaven"
Done been did, that don't confront me none.
Just for some context, Dad never really "beat" Mom just like we weren't "beat" as kids. Indian burns, twisting fingers, shaming... that's how us kids learned. Dad used intimidation and utter humiliation and sometimes, he would put a chokehold on one of us, or toss a chair against the wall... I was just going thru my comments and saw all of the conjecture happening before I was able to explain that he gave HIMSELF the black eyes after a hard nights drinking. He never quit drinking. He is in his seventies and had an aneurysm, and now cannot drink, but when I went home to visit he still wanted to hear Guns and Roses. Don't think that there was some horror story happening... I have the best relationship one could ever want to have with my parents,
Excuse me but I am far from a "dim individual," nor is anyone in my family. Our family consists of many military/public service folks as well as engineers and professors. Also, my great-uncle married the first MTF transsexual. My family has contributed greatly to the fabric of America - my aunt was a WAC and one of the first female postmasters in the United States, just for example. Also, I can trace my paternal lineage to the Mayflower. In a nutshell, kindly fuck off.
Well, that's "No Surprise." There probably were a lot of "Reefer Headed Women" there, as well as some "Coney Island Whitefish Boys." Good guys, getting their fans "Back in the Saddle" again! Aerosmith "Rocks," getting them out of a "Night in the Ruts."
Victim of Changes - Judas Priest. So much better on Unleashed in the East. EDIT: Close second: By-Tor and the Snow Dog from All the World's a Stage. That song always gets the hairs on my neck standing up.
Saw Crue and Alice Cooper last year, Maiden and Alice the year before, this year probably gonna see Jane's Addiction. I remember when you could run to the Ampitheater entrance and get wristbands for free as available upon ticket entry to the Fest. I saw Metallica free on a wristband. :) Summerfest is such a great experience.
Late late late to the party here, but i saw MM in LaCrosse WI when they were banned from playing in so many venues. I crossed our fair state from Milwaukee to attend, and it was THE best fucking concert I ever saw!! Those were the halcyon years.
Good God, one mistake and your Cheerios will cause projectile vomiting. Fruity Pebbles, tho - not so much.
Hey Human? Yeah, it's Clothes. I wont' be able to make it today. Thanks!
We used to call our friend Lynn (RIP) "Puddles." As in, "watch out for Puddles!" as she sometimes would pass out on the floor of the bar.
Kinda [like this.](https://youtu.be/usGQjN87BUA)
She cleaned up and went to Barstow, some say murder, some say otherwise. It's a mystery, but all I know is the good people who clean up from drugs seem to pass not too many years afterwards. Thankfully I still abide, I do miss my schmexy friend though :'(
Fulbeli Deli on Farwell in Milwaukee started that crazy sticker thing LONG ago. Now Woodman's (a WI chain, pictured) stole their kitsch. If and when they decide have troubadours booked for the coffee/sweets crowd, performing in two wing chairs and a rug set up at an aisle cap, we might have a problem...
[Fabulous!](https://youtu.be/xYIUFEQeh3g)
http://blog.hmns.org/2010/01/insects-and-orchids-an-evolutionary-journey/ The last bit about a specific fly that squeezes through the sex structure of the orchid, whereby they pick up/deposit pollen, is just amazing.
"We're on location with Asian reporter, Trisha Takinawa:" "[HUGE BLACK COCK DESTROYS LITTLE CHINA GIRLS TIGHT PUSSY](https://youtu.be/K9eIKn_Vr1I)" "He he he, ok then! [Now for a look at the weather, with Ollie Williams. Ollie?"](https://youtu.be/lgNoY3MqpZg)
Thanks for that :) She was something else. Wish I could have seen her when she got clean before she left for CA. I heard she passed when I was living straight in Oklahoma (had to get away, so I did), and it just killed me. Made me wonder sometimes what's the fucking point of getting clean just to die 5, maybe 10 years later? Yet here I am, still "suckin' air," as Lynnie would say.
I was looking for something to watch tonight because I can't find a decent torrent for the new Minions movie. [Time to get Educated!](http://gph.is/1abNaGY) Thanks for the linky-link. [6]
It really is a slippery slope. I predict that it won't be but a generation or two before [incest is tolerated](http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2002/jan/09/familyandrelationships.features103) as long as there are no offspring. Seeing as how [a woman already married herself,](http://www.theroot.com/articles/culture/2015/01/houston_woman_who_married_herself_says_wedding_was_about_self_love.html), and [some lady married the Eiffel Tower,](https://youtu.be/xInWMRzEan8), not to mention that [some men prefer dolls](https://youtu.be/pxCkULUnVH0), [or cars](https://youtu.be/Ba9L6n8zj1U) instead of human consorts, it seems the old conservative "Yeah and wats next, marrying a turtles?" trope might just come to fruition someday.
I don't. No sir, I don't like it at all. Worst Word Ever. Awkward, unattractive, pretentious! Unacceptable. Plus it just tries too damn hard to be a word. Poor letters, arranged thusly.
It's got glitter inside, to deter counterfeiters.
That's what all the straights say nowadays. It's what the cool kids do in college. LUG, anyone? Fun fact: when sent to prison, both sexes tended towards homosexuality (EDIT: were equally prone to "changing gears") - but men were more likely to remain homosexual upon release, whereas ladies went back to "strictly dickly." See edit below.
I don't have kids and would gladly be called a non-breeding female. Isn't there an orchestrated attempt to encourage the production of offspring both on a societal level and as a matter of policy? Yes, yes there is. Childfree women are looked at as less-than, because we are not "fulfilling our God-given unique blessed role as Mother." I have been asked what's wrong with me that I don't have kids. It's not what's wrong with me, it's whats right with me. Trust me, the collective does NOT want me to be a mom. I know my limits and a kid would bring out not the best, but the worst in me. At least I am honest with myself and don't use a kid to score government assistance, a husband, attention, or myriad other terrible reasons people choose to be careless about birth control and "end up" pregnant.
So, anti-matter could conceivably be traced to the quark epoch, as matter (ergo ipso facto anti-matter) can neither be created or destroyed only transformed? I submit that indeed, I am high and eating delicious shrimp in a coconut milk sauce. These things matter.
Day to day, it's not a thing, plus I am older now and far past childbearing years. But when I lived in the South, it *was* a thing.
I read it in some Cosmo rag when I was a teen, but it only makes sense as these two comments, in tandem and pasted directly from PrisonTalk.com, would suggest: JJsPenPal 01-30-2006, 05:11 PM honestly, if i were locked up for years with only women, i imagine i'd fall in love with another woman a few times. love and companionship are basic human needs. PTO-29412 01-30-2006, 05:57 PM Alot of men are just very sexual, and when you are locked up for many years with no "release", then you look for the closest thing to you to help. It seems from what I could find on the Google, that heretofore "straight" men are certainly not going to "go gay" in prison. Either that tendency is already there, or they are perceived as weak or effeminate, and get "claimed" (power and protection are at play in that dynamic.) This lends credence to the notion that a man who engages in sex with other men in prison, tend to remain homosexual upon release - because that tendency was already there. Women, however, crave companionship and connection over raw sex, and even when a female has never had proclivities toward the same sex, it's more socially acceptable or even glorified (Women Behind Bars-type pornos are common) to be in a pseudo-lesbian relationship. Women seek out women when men are not available in order to feel some semblance of comfort and love, not because they are innately attracted to the same sex.
I thought it would be fried, like any other coconut shrimp. Nope. It's a very understated flavor, a lovely thick sauce as white as snow. The shrimp are very large and the broccoli is steamed to perfection. 10/10 with rice.
Check your privilege there Mr. Havealot.
Hidden camera footage or it didn't happen. :)
Oh great. More imported bananas winding up on the dole.
YOUR FUCKING DINNER HAS ARRIVED.
Damn cops, chasing the poor man. It's all their fault. /s
No no, it's just "divorce" now....
Well, it is Little Rock AR so no surprise there.
Spinners were the shit in the 90's now it's all about the lo-pro twenties on Caprices, here in the 414. MKE represent.
It's all about that toe, bout that toe, bout that toe - no camber!
We don't really have all the answers. It's just sad all around. No one who knew her could say a bad thing about her, she was just Lynnie, nothing more nothing less.
Peg Bundy style.
reddit dyslexia strikes again.
reddit dyslexia strikes yet again, as I read that as the Krusty Tap. Just like most bars I frequent.
Here's to hoping that Jack Black abides, and stays just the way he is. I adore Jack Black.
"In a stance, hand down the pants!! Go Panthers!"
[Cue the Barbershop Quartet to assist! Bom bom bom bom....](http://www.adultswim.com/videos/family-guy/vasectomy-barbershop/)
Check out is anytime you like, so there's that...
Oooh! Just like Scientology!
Like, "pink champagne on ice " chill? Or "metal as fuck"? BTW I claim this new bandname. "stronglehold" \mm/ 3:)
My diet is just sperm! How *you* doin'? For the record, as a female (yes, that despised word that conjures visions of puppy mills and chromosomal sciencey truthiness) I can only stand and slow clap that you are taking this step to ensure your reproductive rights are honored.
AH! A WITCH! BURN HER! Hold my torch, I'm calibrating the scale!
Much yay, so wow, many congrats.
The scientific elemental designation for potassium is strong with this one.
Here, let me help "snip". Vasectomy complete.
*tosses gauntlet* I see your 100 duck size horses and raise by one horse size duck! What say ye?
Here, let me help. http://www.bestgore.com/ . Desensitization complete.
It takes two, baby...
I'm not the OP, but I'll skeptically break down the process: Sculpy or other polymer clay carved with exacto (shown), baked and painted; then carefully set atop a colored pencil whose "lead" was clipped with wire cutters and sanded to create a platform for the clay version of a Shrinky Dink. Edit: I am just joking, you do some awesome work - in b4 hurt feels :D
Black. Raven is black.
There's a thing called Crisco for that. Works on bird feeders too.
Not yet, anyway.
/r/watchpeopledie , anyone?
I've heard of that, and I won't watch/listen. This vid plus the Jim Jones tapes are quire enough for me.
Yeah he was only 14 iirc.
:) It had to be done.
...who lived in the house that Jack built?
Hmm. I've seen similar tactics on The Button. Am skeptical.
I tapped out at 10s red :D I enjoyed how reddit made it it's own and created beautiful things with one simple premise.
You mean, like [this?](https://www.google.com/search?q=moose+cookie+cutter&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1091&amp;bih=546&amp;tbm=isch&amp;imgil=KS7YAszuMAwMzM%253A%253Bp3GH7JxFl5EqSM%253Bhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.everydayrecipes.ca%25252Fblog.php%25253Fid%2525253D10&amp;source=iu&amp;pf=m&amp;fir=KS7YAszuMAwMzM%253A%252Cp3GH7JxFl5EqSM%252C_&amp;usg=__J85MbJlP29Daj9R8urW5I3d22Hg%3D&amp;ved=0CDEQyjc&amp;ei=1NyRVYOlJpKayATG2oCwDA#imgrc=KS7YAszuMAwMzM%3A&amp;usg=__J85MbJlP29Daj9R8urW5I3d22Hg%3D)
I enjoyed watching this Human interest story flash and burn. RIP in peace, Max.
I use the "Musical Chairs" method myself. Truly a FriendRoulette.
Churgatory.
I used old socks, and when I go out, I keep a folded square of heavy-duty paper towel in my purse. Kleenex is far too flimsy imo.
Fellow Rush fan here, A Farewell to Kings ftw!
As someone who can set something down and literally two minutes later lose that fucker, I can see how this would be entirely possible; also because I'm kind of an asshole and could see myself doing that to..erm...myself.
I agree. ONLY the parents of a child should be the ones to determine what to teach their kids about sexuality and the appropriate time/age to begin such discussions. I don't think it's up to those adults who feel they just HAVE to walk around in a hypersexualized manner because HEY THIS IS ME I AM PROUD AND I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK, instead of behaving in a socially acceptable manner when there are children present, to force parents' hands into explaining why that outlandish person is behaving that way.
It's not sexual repression to expect some public restraint, it's called "socially accepted behavior" and over time, the agenda seems to have succeeded: those who abide by and respect social norms and conventions are made to feel like THEY are the outliers, the bigots, the freaks. It's the fast-track method for acceptance - throw out hateful terms to label those who disagree and get the media (which we all know is a bastion of morality) behind your cause to legitimize and normalize it. Basically not seeking tolerance, not acceptance, not "rights" - but complete and total normalization of a sexual lifestyle, so "they" don't have to feel uncomfortable (because if no one disagrees with you, it's pretty comfortable, eh?) Now, let's get those adult diaper-wearers out front and center, so I can go out pamper-clad with my binky and not get hateful stares. You have the responsibility to NOT be offended, and you can just explain my presence to your kids however you want, because I certainly am not concerned about that. STOP OPPRESSING ME!
reddit-time is like dealer-time: OP (or OG, in this analogy) promises to deliver in 13 minutes, but it seems like HOURS to you (and if they're even 5 minutes late, you're blowing up their ~~phone~~ comment thread).
What does Tumblr have to do with this? I mean, I know they love their combinations, but still...
Brofish.
I opened this, and immediately felt a strange sense of melancholic anxiety, thanks to The Button.
"Fool me once, shame on... shame on you. Fool me - you can't get fooled again."
"Aaand ^aaaand ^^aaaand ^^^aaaaaad~ You put the load right on ^^you ^^put ^^the ^^load ^^.... Right on me..." -- The Band
Happy New Year from Harambee :D
I like how that woman with the chewed up lip says they don't sell anything there. Yeah right, lady, I've smoked enough crack to know you DO sell and you DO use. Disrespecting her kids, smh.
Get a poltergeist.
*Oh Barbara Manatee ^Manatee ^^Manateeee*
Splat. Right in the kisser.
I annoyed someone today! My work here is done.
Fuck you and your stupid smiley face and use of haha full stop periods. You can just fuck right off with that shit, fuckstain. Fuck. YOU! ^^And ^^your ^^minions ^^too! *^^^hand ^^^me ^^^my ^^^leather*
WE BE JAMMIN'
I want this. Yuo sell to me?
Which pancaked down at free fall speeds, no less. And the structural damage was only in the upper third of the buildings. And WTC7 wasn't even hit, but contained a lot of files as it was used mainly for storage. Files regarding, like Enron and shit.
AFAIK, they deep fry their batches which doesn't render the fat as well as traditional frying. At least for buffet style large crowd type cooking. Others have said baking but I can't see that happening in a large kitchen where so many other things are being prepared. Not a kitchen employee or anything.
Right? So now there is another avenue for minority-owned businesses. I don't see why there would be outcry against this. Are we not trying to encourage entrepreneurship in the underprivileged neighborhoods? They do not specify the demographics of these store owners, so I don't know... but hey, free market and all = you really should be going where the customers are. There is no winning. If the owner was white and chose not to locate there, they might be called racists. If the owner was white and located there, it's an attempt to gentrify. If the owner was black and chose not to locate there, they may be seen as abandoning their race as an Uncle Tom. If the owner was black and chose to locate there, they would be *gasp* contributing to the deliquency of their own people.
http://fox6now.com/2015/11/21/toddler-dies-after-older-siblings-put-her-in-oven-turn-it-on/
As much of what would seem to be a hateboner (or just a cliche) regarding Dean Koontz, his book, "One Door Away from Heaven" had some really chuckleworthy moments. That book is definitely on my top ten list.
Short people got no reason to live.
That Bill Murray AMA :D /u/808andhotcakes was the mod for that debacle. I'd like a followup to that disaster - what is she doing now?
Oh yeah, that's how I created a test result scoresheet that automatically retrieved and put the percentile values in cells from another worksheet. Doing Excel stoned is the only way to go, imo.
I thought I could drive drunk well, until I was told I needed to take classes.
Whoops, I meant "what is 808andhotcakes doing now?" Is she still a liaison? Good for Victoria, she was a class act all the way.
