Yeah IL2-CLOD with the Team Fusion mods is still kicking. It's hyper realistic.
If I'm understanding how this works, you can use AutoHotKey to do things like this. It's a powerful program for creating scripts to automate things like inputting text, hitting key strokes in sequence with time delays, run programs, etc. that can be bound to any key or key combo. It runs independently of the game on your PC in the background so there should be no EULA issues... it just automates what you would normally do manually. I use it in hyper-realistic games like IL-2: CLOD with the Team Fusion patches to automate tedious complex things like getting ready for take-off. I don't use it in WT but would if manual engine management was worth the trouble to me. Anyway, you should, for example, be able to make a script that runs from a key bind not used by the game, reads data from http://localhost:8111/, copies it into your clipboard, types T, inputs your message, CTRL-V to past in the data and hit ENTER to execute these key commands for you. If reading the http://localhost:8111/ data isn't possible, you could wing it by just assigning something simple that can be done with one hand to output text such as SHIFT-1 = "I need halp! (1,000m alt)", SHIFT-2 = "I need halp! (2,000m alt)", and so on. Hope this helps!
My guess is that their "rules" are just casting a wide net to minimize exploits that they cannot foresee and they'll always say that it's a cheat for things they don't understand. AFAIK, there's no way for the game to detect if you're using an external scripting program as it's not altering the game files anyway. I'd also venture to guess that them scanning your PC for things outside their game without your knowledge and permission would open them up to all sorts of legal problems as well. Maybe someone specifically looking for it might detect a pattern in your chat but that's ridiculously unlikely. Also, automating things like manual engine control would be undetectable on the surface unless, once again, you gave them a match playback file and they were looking for it or you outright told them you were doing it. Promoting it would be the biggest give away so technically the only mistake that J6 made was to post it in their forums in plain sight of their KGB... lol. Ultimately, they can't 'legally' dictate what you can use on your PC outside of their game although it is their game so they can ban who they like for an unlimited number of stupid reasons under their EULA. That's why it's worded the way it is... it's just lazy exploit enforcement. Anyway, I'd say it would be perfectly safe to use scripting programs. Just don't be obvious about it. I personally don't use scripting in WT because there isn't much benefit to it so I'm not really stressing over this. The game is pretty streamlined so it's not like IL-2: CLOD Team Fusion where you have to manipulate a dozen controls just to take off. I'll even admit that their in-game communication system is pretty slick in how it allows players who speak multiple languages to communicate with each other. In the case of J6's script, do people really need you to tell them your alt? You can basically see if teammates are above or below you all the way across the map. So knowing Gaijin's iron fist way of dealing with things, any potential benefits are just not worth the risk IMHO. In the end, you can post game feature requests for stuff like this and who knows... maybe they'll be implemented into the game if the idea is popular enough. I know I'd personally like to see the comm messages expanded so maybe he could try that approach instead. It would also be less work if it's in-game rather than messing with scripting programs anyway.
I do see where you're going with this. It would be easy for instance to create a script that enables manual engine control, close your rads, adjust your prop pitch, max your throttle, etc. so all you have to do is push a button to achieve maximum escape speed. I suppose you could even create a script that with some experimentation makes your plane perform a complex maneuver at its maximum abilities when someone gets on your six. I personally don't see an issue with this though as it's too much work for too little benefit over simply doing it yourself and you'd be constantly trying to hit a moving target with the way Gaijin changes FM's more often than a teenage girl changes clothes. It also still requires that you know how to fly. You do it or a script does it... what's the difference... you still have to know what to do. My issue with this is that Gaijin doesn't have the right to tell you what you can use on your PC while playing their game. What's next, you can't keep plane stats open in Word? You can't listen to music outside their channels? You can't watch YouTube vids of cats while climbing because you're bored? All these things are 3rd party programs that alter the individual's game experience and technically against their EULA. Sorry but fuck that.
I can see how it would be useful and definitely the least minor offense against their "no automation" rules. In the same light, it's only a (admittedly annoying) minor inconvenience to just create some shorthand lingo to relay alt in chat. I also see the point about it being easier for them to ban it all rather than deal with some subjective sliding scale on what can be scripted... hence opening this whole can of worms... and maybe J6 being a bit too butthurt over it. ;) I do have to go back to my original opinion though that Gaijin doesn't have the right to say what programs you can use on your PC (and probably can't detect them anyway) while playing their game as long as it doesn't alter the game itself. They might not like it but tough shit. Scripts won't give you that much of an advantage in this game anyway (or an advantage that others couldn't use) as flying is way too complex and dynamic. It's just not 2 dimensional with a fixed number of possible movements like WoW. All scripting can really do is reduce tedious tasks and improve efficiency a little bit. Outside of that, you have to know how to fly and tell the plane what to do.
Gains and costs of stuff in this game has gone through heavier inflation than the Russian Ruble. RP was easily 2x-4x more, premium plane/account costs 2x less and there's more "things" that cost money than a year ago. However, I dealt with it by just changing my attitude. I generally fly a few planes I like and new ones unlock naturally without going through and spading each one like it's a full time job. I don't get impatient with the grind flying some plane I don't like while constantly feeling like the grass is always greener with a new plane when it usually just ends up in disappointment. You think, "Maybe that premium will up my KDR?" but it usually won't. I learned that a talisman is a much better bang for your buck than premium planes. Sticking with my favorite planes made me a better killer because I took the time to master them instead of whoring planes up the trees. Now I just go back and try the ones that look interesting. And so on. I went from being one of Gaijin's best customers to being the absolute worst because I don't spend a dime on it now. I watch Twitch TV on Sundays and have won a few thousand GE's there, I bought a great graphics card that came with 10,000 GE's, etc. and only spend them when stuff goes on sale so I can for instance talisman two planes for the normal price of one. I play RB/SB so I only need to upgrade one crew per nation. I avoid the money traps like converting gold into crew experience or buying decals that you can unlock anyway. This game can be fun if you just let go of a bunch of frustrating shit. For instance, jet vs prop matchups used to piss me off so I just avoid them now. There's plenty of other fun WW2 planes to fly in the 3.0-5.0'ish BR range. So yeah, I like to grab a beer and just fly some WW2 planes now. If I wanted to worry about grind and money I'd just stay at work. ;)
"Part IV - Your Left Wing!"
Yup, I agreed that prices and grind have increased. I just added that I found ways to make the game fun and cheap since then so it doesn't matter to me so much anymore.
German words are long and say a lot. This says, "Will only destroy pillboxes and tanks with a direct hit... and then it still may not destroy them."
I'm starting to sound like a broken record answering this same question over and over but the long and short of it is to fly planes you like, stay away from situations that piss you off, don't stress over the grind and learn the cheap/free ways for getting stuff. Check my posts for more details if interested. This game can be fun if you just avoid and let a lot of shit go.
Do you have any pics of what vehicle/mod RP costs were a year ago? Maybe that's where the increase happened.
Interesting. Although I think the main point here is that RP gains hit a wall at around 2,000 RP where it doesn't increase at the same rate as it did before a certain number of kills. So 3 kills might get you 1,800 RP but 6 kills won't get you 3,600 RP... so this would have to be confirmed in the that context.
Agreed. So with this in mind, has the RP gain become less linear since last year? Looking at these numbers (and knowing Gaijin for their ninja fixes) this might have been a quick fix to align RP gain rates with the lowered RP costs.
^ This. Tier IV Japan prop vs jet matchups and crazy repair costs were frustrated me to no end... so I just stopped doing it and flying a Hayabusa or Zero in Tier III is crazy fun.
I'd agree with this it weren't for the Yak-3P. That post war plane is ridiculously under-tiered.
I wonder what would happen if you ran local host as a Google site translate page.
The Brit Hellcat seems ok to me as far as control goes. It's my favorite fighter/bomber. It should be faster though.
We've been practicing for over a year. Can we attack already?
Or spade yer Spit in Tier III matches. It's usually a game of spank the yank.
Hah! Post if it works. That would be pretty awesome.
We've been talking about the F6F.
I just wasn't following you. Half the stuff you typed looked like words you made up man... lol.
I'll upvote that. ;)
"Hope is a mistake. If you can't fix what's broken, you will go insane." -Mad Max
Nice! Thanks for the update. How cool is that?
In all chat try asking, "Which one of you little cupcakes wants to putter into the kitchen and make my dinner?". That usually gets a response.
International tree?
Just in case anyone missed the update buried in this thread, Gaijin gave this the green light. - http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/244539-cover-me/
I feel like there's a big hole in effective fighters for RB Tier II-III Brits. Sure they fly well but the newer seaplanes and two-seaters are too slow and the 7.7 paint scratchers just aren't hacking it against enemy armor and cannons. It's not a problem against USA on Hokkaido but the British turn-fighters have a hard time against Germany, Japan and Russia around the 4.0 BR range where the enemy have some exceptional planes. Some do like the Mk IX but it was only intended as a stop gap plane IRL and it's interesting to see how it's performance translates that way in the game as well. The Hurricanes can do well but aren't really suited to take multiple enemy on their own without turn-fighters to distract the enemy while they bnz. I wish they'd knock 2 cannons off the Mk Vc to make it a bit faster/nimbler and it'd be a like a Brit Hayabusa. Outside of that, the only glaring matchup issue I can think of is they need to change the Yak-3p's BR to 5.0-ish. to balance out Russia's win rate in Tier III.
What's with the downvotes? This is pretty accurate as far as the win/loss I've seen with Tier III Brits.
Not exactly, that's just trading down 2x cannons for 4x 7.7's. And the Vb Trop is oddly slower. It's not really what I was getting at anyway. Drop 2 cannons off the Vc and you have a lighter, faster and more nimble Tier III Spit with a punch. It's not just some crazy idea of mine either. The Russians got some Spits as part of the Lend-Lease program and the first thing they did was pull the 7.7's because they weren't worth the added weight. They called them paint scratchers... lol.
Just my two cents but if RB bombers wouldn't fly straight into a higher alt enemy like lemmings they might get a different result. I've certainly been guilty of flying bombers on constant suicide runs where I'd just rush in, hit my targets, die and repeat. Then I learned that the very definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result... so I started thinking about trying different things and how to survive longer to do more damage. I fly Japan a lot so I'll pick on the allies for some examples... For instance, flying Saipan as allies, you can hit your targets on A and gtfo of there before enemy fighters come in, loiter back over ship cover until the ground forces take it over and the enemy numbers have been reduced by our fighters to go back and re-arm for another attack. Or skirt the right side of the map to take out the enemy tank column on B while the furball is on A at the start. Allies in New Guinea, try heading west along the map edge and turn in to attack the carriers after passing the enemy island airfield on your left. And take the time to bomb the carriers properly parallel to the deck and not perpendicular to the ship where it's harder to hit them. You'll usually have time and little to no opposition to do this. Then gtfo of there and egress back the way you came. You might even catch an enemy on the airfield on the way back. Japan knows allies always climb to the South or go straight in low for the landing craft and they have alt and performance advantages so why keep flying right into them? If 3 bombers just go west and do their job right it can be game over for Japan. Sometimes all you need to do is loiter and climb a bit at your spawn and let the fighters clear the skies before heading in... particularly on some German and Russian maps when flying as allies. Let your teammates know this is your plan and they'll enjoy having a mission with a purpose. It helps them to get their game face on. This is more effective than asking for escorts IMHO as it's hard to protect bombers, it keeps fighters from getting the kills they want and the fighters not escorting can get overwhelmed by the enemy's numbers because escort fighters are leaving their teammates short-handed. It's also amazing how many multi-role fighter/bomber pilots never carry bombs on maps where they can make a big difference. As Brits on Hokkaido, a fully loaded Hellcat can single-handedly slow or stop the ground war by bombing/strafing the vehicle columns on the left and also flying in a fighter role to take out enemy bombers which are usually operating in the same area. While it's guns can't take out the tanks, I've noticed that taking out the AAA/trucks makes our ground assets less distracted by them and they focus more on killing the tanks for better effect. And hey, it's kills and points for you. It doesn't take long to help with the ground war and you can then make yourself useful by attacking fighters. Anyway, I'm just saying use predictability to your advantage, keep adding different strategies to your bag of tricks and it can increase your kill and win rates. It's more interesting and less frustrating than hitting a few GT's and then giving the enemy a kill anyway.
I fly the Ki-43-III a lot and will admit I sometimes get Hayabusa guilt from doing so well with it. However, that plane really was that good and it's actually under-performing with the over-heat nerf and flaming like a Zero even though it had rudimentary rubber coated self sealing tanks. The Oscar shot down more allied planes than any other Japanese plane in WW2. I've submitted several bug reports for and against several characteristics with its FM and when I dug into its historical specs... yeah it pretty much turned, rolled and climbed like a dream. So fighting it 1v1 is a nightmare and 2 or more planes need to work together to take away its options. It was more rugged than a Zero but not as fast as the Japanese interceptors so I do agree however that it's top critical speed is a little too high which is how it's able to keep up with faster planes in a dive and can often reach that higher energy state because of its climb rate. Good Oscar pilots know to climb instead of chase and then dive on you when you come back around. (It's not real life where a pilot can run home. WT is more like a cage match where 2 pilots enter and 1 pilot leaves.) I also think they do a little too well at high alt. Barring those two things, I really think the issue is that the P-51 (several US planes actually) need some buffs IMHO.
I've seen it in some war movies/shows like Blackhawk Down and Generation Kill. It's not the weight... it's the heat from the just fired round which usually goes down the soldier's collar and he's like "Ow! Ow! Ow!"... lol.
The Ki-43-III over-heat issues are much worse than most planes even though previous variants didn't have this issue and it was designed to operate in a tropical climate. It's just a blatant dev nerf. I filed a bug report about this but it was rejected as I couldn't find any supporting evidence because since Oscars weren't known for having this issue so it simply wasn't noted... a catch 22. (Also, good luck finding docs for a prototype plane they only made 2 of.) It also doesn't make sense in terms of game balance when a Corsair can WEP infinitely in the same climate. I definitely agree that the whole WEP system needs to be revamped as well. It wasn't on tap like we have it and should only be used in emergencies for a limited amount of time or uses (depending on the system used) as some types could ruin the engine IRL. Pilots probably went from feeling relief for it saving their lives to grief for the hell they'd catch from their mechanics when they got back... lol. And yeah, only a few Ki-43-III prototypes were made but this can be said for a number of planes in its BR range. I think the Yak-3P is more of a scourge to Tier III than the Hayabusa which was a post WW2 plane that never fought anything in its BR range IRL. It also retains energy in a climb better than the Oscar. Finally, the Oscar doesn't fit everyone's flying style so it's not over-used by any means. The cannons are great but it takes a lot discipline to use it's few hundred rounds well unlike spraying and praying with several thousand MG rounds. For whatever their reasons, I see my teammates favoring Zero's and interceptors more than the Ki-43-III. As for me? I'm that murdering bastard that you hate although now I'm on a kick to find allied planes that can consistently defeat it. As far as the P-51 goes, it's heavily documented so it's a pretty easy matter of filing a bug report in the FM section of the WT moderated forums with proof that it's not flying to spec. It's a pain with all the hoops you have to jump through now but worth it in the end. You could also take a crack at lowering the Hayabusa's top critical speed back to 625 kph from the current 650 kph which should put it where it needs to be. I gave up posting bugs shortly after the last major patch because they ninja fixed so many things without reporting them that the Oscar's FM was changing more than a teenage girl changing clothes. Things have settled down a bit since then though so it's probably a good time to start thinking about posting FM bugs again.
Cool. I just figured it couldn't after trying to hit one from the side or front once. With ease? I know they can take out light pillboxes but there's a ridiculously small hit box. Looking forward to trying it though. Thanks.
BFG.
Seen what? A military exercise in Hokkaido? Throw us a bone here OP.
The max crit speed changed again since I last checked it then. Then again, I noticed they laxed out the rip speed on several other planes as well. It seems that whenever they make broad FM changes (even sometimes just to try something unrelated to speed) the Ki-43-III FM often changes drastically. It changed at least a half dozen times in the month after the last big update. I recall one instance not too long ago where the controls would totally freeze at 450 kph. But yeah, like I said before, it's diving a bit too fast. Then again, other planes can dive faster with a more forgiving break apart speed now as well. Also, many planes seem to fly a bit faster than their historical specs in game so it's probably a balance thing. Anyway, I guess this is what happens when they focus on releasing more planes instead of refining the FM's. Lots of bugs slip under their radar with so many planes to test. All you can do is keep posting bug reports in the FM section of their moderated forums.
When driving my car, I mentally pull lead on cars in front of me when we're in a curve. It's pure instinct now.
Even the name is f'd up. It sounds like a medical name for some mysterious part of the vagina.
What no mustang luv? That plane is a secksy bitch.
You can PM someone using the in-game chat. Just type "/" plus first three letters of their name and then the message. So "snozberry" would be "/sno &lt;message&gt;". Apparently we've been able to do this forever. No one knows it though and it's been hard to resist using it to scare people into thinking I'm a mod to stop them from being annoying.
Flair your post so it can be upvoted btw.
Don't hold back Russia. What do you really think? I mean I don't get you sometimes. You're so hard to read.
The tane tictates the tumber of tiny tim tockets tou tan tire.
I have no thoughts on the P/F-80 other than wanting to grind to the next jet up the tree.
Is that font in google translate 'cuz I could barely read that shit. Cool 'toons otherwise. ;)
Nice work. Always like dedicated detailed info posted in this sub.
Shoot the gas!
Do you have any natural resources that make it worth for me to invade you?
I swear to gawd I will pistol whip the next guy that says shenanigans.
My Ki-43-III 3:1 RB KDR disagrees with you sir.
Other than taking away target tracking, RB and SB FM's don't feel any different to me. Head tracking is the only game changer that I can think of with playing find the dot in SB.
Not so much hung up as maybe I'm just old school playing flight sims for so long. Flying without a stick is a downright odd idea to me.
It's weird for me to even think of it that way as I've never flown air sims without a stick.
I honestly never noticed a problem with aiming outside of some sloppy dead zones in the center of some sticks but I typically hold for good deflection shots and avoid straight head-ons or gaijinium reinforced tail shots anyway where this isn't an issue.
But aiming is only a part of the game. Maneuvering to pull lead is another story. Still... I don't have problems aiming and hitting with a stick.
I'm all for finding advantages but don't seem to be doing any worse than mouse jockeys with a stick in 1st person. I'm actually surprised to find that I'm in the minority.
It depends. It makes me wonder how much more control I might have with a stick over a mouse.
I didn't even know it was possible to fly stick with the instructor. I don't recall seeing it in the setup or game options anyway.
It's hard for me to agree with that statement when my kill and win rates are on par or better than what seems to be mostly mouse users.
Once again, I never noticed anything odd that couldn't be attributed to an inexperienced pilot or unspaded plane. Planes generally feel like they have the same advantages and disadvantages across the board based on their FM more than anything else.
I guess maybe it's a kudos for the Gaijin programmers by creating a similar experience using different inputs. It's a good way to bring in casual gamers. Using a stick and rudders can cost more money and be frustrating for new users to learn how to use well.
I honestly can't argue for or against that unless I've tried both. As it stands, I've never noticed being at any kind of a disadvantage and have consistently been a top 100/month kill rate player which should say something. It might even imply that stick flyers have more of an advantage although I'm not entirely sure how. I can see how a mouse might be good for fine aiming but a stick might be better at getting you in position for a shot.
It would explain why I never noticed a difference between flying RB and SB with a stick.
No, that very well could be the case.
Tere's ta tiny tim tuck tin ty teeth.
You could give it to me. I'm wearing mine out. ;)
It's summer so pasty faced pilots climb out of their hole and go outside. Don't worry, they'll get bored of nature and miss shooting at airplanes so they'll come back soon enough.
The 3.0-5.0'ish BR Spits fly great but the 7.7's just aren't hacking it. Their armaments are based on history so the only Brit turn-fighters with a real punch are the Mk Vc and the Mk XVI (which are incidentally what I fly) as who has time to scratch the paint on armored planes and bombers with 7.7's when cannons (with sufficient ammo) are a quick kill and onto the next target.
I have lots of fav planes but atm I'm only in serious committed relationships with the Ki-43-III and Spitfire Mk XVI. I just like oddball multi-role turn-fighters that pack a punch.
He was replying to aikl's comment above (probably as a joke) and not the OP. Not sure what the down-vote circle jerk against people saying they don't want to Gaijin their money is about anyway. It's their choice and understandable IMHO.
OP's talking about buying a premium... so yeah... talking about spending money on the game (or not) is relevant.
If you're gonna try to create your own arbitrary rules and always think they're right... yer gonna have a bad time on the internet.
It is... and only part of the reason why I just can't do 7.7's.
I think several US planes need speed and/or energy retention buffs where that advantage would be more noticeable and therefore utilized more/better. The allies don't have their other real life advantages like superior numbers, longer range, better radar technology, etc. in our simplified level playing field cage match system so they have to be given something good that they're known for. People had high hopes that the BR revamp would help to balance the matchups out but we still have things like WEP on tap allowing Japanese turn-fighters to keep up with US bnz'ers too easily. I mean what can US planes do but run for 5km+ (which effectively takes them out of the fight) until they can create a large enough gap and have enough alt/energy to do their thing? US pilots also have too little room for error with the current FM balance. Dive a little too low and turn a little bit too much to get guns on a twisting turn-fighter and a P-51 can quickly get itself into trouble. Anyway, I don't think it's because they don't know how to bnz. I think they just have a bomber mentality where it's easier to just dive in to try and get a kill or two before being shot down.
Controversial!
Throw the USA a bone, man.
Yup, leading edge slats. Apparently the automatic version would make a loud bang when they deployed and scare the hell out of new pilots flying the plane to its limits for the first time.
Some useful common words when flying Japan include honorabru, emporu and Tennoheika Banzai!!!
+1 for reduce throttle, apply rudder counter to the spin direction, nose down and turn ailerons in direction of the spin once they have some lift. Results will vary by additionally extending flaps, lowering gear and firing guns but those are desperate cheesy methods.
The main reason why I prefer RB over SB is because I hate playing find the dot. However, you know when your view of enemy dots is extended from 6km out to 8km when they've been tagged by another friendly? I think Gaijin is experimenting with expanding that to include seeing enemy dots even farther when they're in sight of your airfield AAA. Outside of that, we need some kind of radar or expanded automated radio reports (not just when they attack ground/sea friendlies but also when they spot an enemy) to make SB more fun.
Brits usually win in Tier III but not so much in Tier II and IV... so like others have said... you have to switch things up if you want to win it as USA or avoid it altogether. You can't really blame US pilots either as the mid-tier Brit planes simply have a better mix of speed and turning for a cage match IMHO. Brits also tend to get more fighters and fighter/bombers on the average while USA gets more purely bombers with a very small area to bomb so they're little better than cannon fodder. As an FYI, if you have a few GE's laying around, grab a US premium Ki-61 and you'll rack up a lot of kills on that map. (Even win it single-handedly.) It can out-run anything that can out-turn it and out-turn anything that can out-run it and its high fire rate 4x .50's with advanced ammo selection are exceptional for its low BR. It's either that or grind through to Tier IV and shred Griffons with Bearcats. Anyway, I don't think it's so much the map as it is the Brit vs Yank matchup. Win or lose, it's just as frustrating for Brits who'd much rather be fighting krauts. (At least I would.) Otherwise, it's technically a good tight map that has a nice combo of air and ground battles with lots of ways to rack up RP. But given the choice, with the current blue on blue matchup, I'd probably be happy to see it just go away as well.
Yeah ppl spend hundreds of moolahs and hours on this game.
It depends.
Decal size limits and charging for flags sure sucked a lot of fun out of personalization. I wish they'd just offer different color rectangles.
Of course no Yak-3P BR uptick to 5's in RB where it should be.
I fucking called this. Last Steam sale they raised prices 35% or more before putting them on sale for 25% or less.
^ This. I paid less than half of what these packs go for now (which also came with more planes, premium account time and/or GE's) just over a year ago. I went from being their best kind of customer to their worst one as I don't spend a dime on this game anymore. I don't need to anyway as I've used premium planes won in events or bought premium/talismans with GE wagers and used them to unlock entire nation fighter trees through Tier IV in a few weeks.
Haha ditto... I even bugged Damon Slye when he tried (and failed) to Kickstart a newer version of RB3D. If some dev would just make a game with a bunch of good WW2 planes separated by year instead of BR and offered some historical maps/battles with WT's ease of play then I'd be all over it. I'd also gladly pay good money for new well put together plane packs instead of slapping on some paint and copy-pasta a tweaked FM for new premium planes like WT does. IDK, maybe the IL2 folks will get a clue but WT has me biased against rusky devs... *sigh*.
Price elasticity? Like with flags now costing 500 GE's each? Hahaha... whatever you say. It's perfectly fair to compare the last Steam sale to this one. It's just another example that shows how their priorities have changed to cash grabs... but everyone already knows that.
They needed to work on the team kill system which they have been finally doing... yet flags are still 500 GE's. People mainly care about the flag thing because it was a great way to personalize planes so Gaijin's lazy fix and obvious cash grab was typical. As far as the price rise thing... yes, they did do it and they did the exact same thing last year. I said they would do it the second someone posted about the Steam sale coming here... and sure enough they did it... haha. You're certainly entitled to your opinion but it's not a popular one mate.
The ki-43-III is one of the very best planes in the entire game.
You mean chem-trails!
Fukin' amateur hour.
These guys are annoying but their 'who cares no one gives a shit about this little game anyway' schtick gave me a chuckle.
Yeah I'm not going to them for any real legal advice.... lol.
Hahaha nice! We needed a good laff around here.
Relevant - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtCOScRuaXk
^ This and just fix the little things that players have been complaining about over and over for months. Like if they changed it so planes didn't disappear when they "J" out on the runway to play peek-a-boo... people would probably hail the devs as gods.
Looks and sounds great but I could only see one class with blasters (no pilots, medics, snipers, etc.) and no one was strafing, rolling or bunny hopping. Also disappointed with the cap of 40 players when it used to be what, 300? I guess all I really want is the original BattleFront with some new paint as that had amazing game-play, balance and variety.
You can't just throw that stuff away!
Need an RB and SB one. Also, alphabetize that shit.
Just once I'd like to spawn my fighter with the bombers.
+1 GGG - "Good Guy Gaijin"
EDIT: My reply became long enough where I felt it was time to address the constant American pilot bashing here with its own post. - http://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3a84s4/why_i_think_its_time_to_stop_bashing_american/
The US Pacific pilot is badass. Sleeves all rolled up, unbuttoned shirt, worker boots and gloves. You can tell he's a baller.
Gawd I wish Spit 7.7's did more than just scratch the paint.
Thanks! You kind of have to think about WT like a miniature war board game where "America" would definitely be viewed as a shitty faction stats-wise.
I agree in the sense that I think it takes more experience and discipline to do well with a team of pure bnz'er as opposed to flying turn-fighters and the US probably does draw in many new players due to their popularity. Being inexperienced, they really have no idea what they're up against in the game and why the planes don't do as well as their reputations however. So I wouldn't call them "retarded". It's just a noob trap.
Yeah I didn't even get into the broken US plane FM's. The post was already getting too long and those things change a lot.
I was speaking mainly from flying low to mid-tier US planes which is where we usually see the American bashing posts come from. Things definitely change for the US in Tier IV and they get the wins to show for it.
I kind of agree with you... and even upvoted you... but I'm just taking the other side of the circle-jerk for a change. And I'm not just calling BS... I've been trying to understand why it's happening and discovered it's not as simple as noob pilots.
I wrote this in the perspective of who the US fights, everyone was stated in the right context and if you read it again you'll see that no term was used interchangeably. As the other poster already explained, Allied means US/UK/Russia, Axis means Germany/Japan, Rusky means Russia, etc. Also, based on sheer number of guns and rounds... the Brits primary used 7.7's and while 120 cannon rounds may have been sufficient for them IRL... it isn't in the game compared to enemy armament.
It's a total crap shoot with match-making. Sometimes you face the Axis or Russia with or without Brits. My main point was that too many players were boasting how the Yanks can't win without the Brits and I believe this is somewhat true... but it's not because Brits are better pilots... it's because the Yanks need their turn fighters.
All I've argued is that the Yanks need the Brit turn fighters and not the other way around as the Brits have their own Hurricanes and Tempests to fill the roll of US bnz'ers. This is pretty much the case for all the nations versus the US. It even includes "jack of all trade" Rusky planes as they can out-turn US planes and the Yanks have little to counter that type of fighting without Spits there. For the Germans, while I didn't name them specifically, they are just part of the group who I mentioned having equivalent speed to US planes which leads to the US being chased to the edge of the map because there isn't much else they can do. This is particularly important because these US planes are being taken out of the fight for too long in individual chases after a single attack.
I agree and it's probably the 190's rolling ability and 109's better turning ability at high speed that makes the difference. EDIT: I've been talking about Tier II-III peeps. No need to down-vote because of what we know about Tier IV props.
That depends on the speed though. Ideally, US planes need to keep their speed up and this is where many 109's, J2M's and Yaks can out-turn them. There is also the matter of how quickly they bleed speed in a turn and they're no match for many planes in this regard. Once again, these are generalizations but it's safe to say that US planes aren't loved for their turning ability compared to other nations.
Yup. That's exactly what I noticed. Rush in, kill, die and repeat means more games per hour which means more RP. It's understandable how old skool sim players have moral issues with it but players are going to do what the game rewards the most. Integrating a grind system into a flight sim just results in weird counter-intuitive behavior like this.
I said it in the post and comments but these are observations from playing mid-tier US as this is where I see the yank bashing pics posted on this sub all the time which is what helps to give them a bad rep. US planes and pilots definitely do better at Tier IV and above. It also doesn't mean that what (at least some of) what you're saying isn't true. I'm just trying to look at it objectively as to why it's happening at all. So when someone posts a game result pic of a US team half made up of BTD's and B25's getting slaughtered... to any experienced US pilot it's like, "No shit Sherlock!".
I've seen this tried and one time watched a single 190 quickly take out 3x B17's before I could even close a 2km gap.
Totally agree. Flying with pilots who know how to take turns bnz'ing, beating down and methodically robbing all of an enemy's options is one of the most satisfying things I've ever done in this game. It's just a hard situation to set up without Yaks or Zeroes swarming right up your butt.
^ This is an excellent point. When I fly Japan, I don't even get stressed out if the game comes down to me vs 2 or even 3 enemy. When flying US, I often find myself hoping that my teammates know what the heck they're doing otherwise I know I'm going to end up being chased all over the map before I can turn back in with at least some chance of killing my pursuers without dying.
All I can say is to try following a Trop in a high speed diving roll or high loop with any mid-tier US plane that has reasonably good turning ability. Turning up while you dive on them is their standard counter-move. Even the Mk IX Spit can have a hard time at high speed. It's not nearly as hard to do against 109's than it is with Yak's though.
It's subjective but many do. Also, competent Japanese pilots for instance generally have no fear against competent US pilots for good reasons. They know they can often win. As for Hokkaido, I gotta point the finger at that map for B-17 deaths. All the crucial ground targets are closely packed together a stone's throw from two enemy airfields. There's zero element of surprise and it's hard to get anywhere near them without being spotted by multiple enemy planes.
I can only speak from personal experience with flying Japan and learning how to attack a bomber where every one I see is just my next kill. If one ever shoots me down, I already know I'm in a situation where I'm not flying smart and deserve it.
It's getting off topic but once learning how to do it, I've never been shot down executing a high speed leading dive right on top of any bomber... and doing it with anything that has cannons while sweeping my fire across its wings either results in a kill or serious crit if my aim was on target. But I encounter this a lot flying Japan primarily due to the nature of the maps they fly. For instance, there's usually some bomber low over A on Saipan early in the game where I have the alt and energy to maneuver into the shot.
Thanks for the up-vote. Don't know why the down-votes either... just talking shop here. ;) Got a link to your guide? I'd love to read it.
I think we're mixing up terms here so all I meant was that in a general side by side comparison of ALL mid-tier planes, the US/UK evolved with a heavier bias toward MG's than the Axis and Russians who more preferred cannons which has a statistical effect in WT. So by saying "primarily" I meant "more of" and not like how you might consider the cannons on a Spit as being it's "primary" weapon because it's more destructive than its rifle rounds.
Not arguing with you as much as trying to explain myself better. (In fact, I've been up-voting you.) Purely looking at the nation trees and not history... while even the US eventually evolves toward using cannons more in higher tiers... the combined Allies do it more gradually than the Axis or Russia and many of the earlier Allied cannon heavy planes are wasted on ones that are not as commonly used. Look at it in terms of the most popular and survivable fighters flown in the game which for Brits are (by far) the Spits that are armed with a small amount of cannon rounds and a much larger number of MG rounds. So the most flown planes with the most rounds they have available simply equates to more MG ammo being thrown around by them compared to their enemies. This was only a general feeling that I had when making this post but it stands up when you scrutinize the match-ups we commonly see. I mean you really don't have to fly a Spit Mk IX that long before getting frustrated at throwing all your meager cannon ammo at a single bomber to be left scratching the paint on armored Rusky planes with 7.7's when they can potentially blow anything out of the sky with a single cannon burst. Think of how many snapshots that US .50's will only result in a wound where Axis cannons can get a kill and move onto their next target quicker. It's statistical even if it's hard to quantify. We know the plane's stat cards are useless so we can't use those. For instance, the one second burst mass for a Spit Mk IX is much higher than a Ki-43-III but I know from experience that the Hayabusa's cannons are much more deadly in a deflection shot. Anyway, I could go on but I think you get what I'm trying to say.
I don't like to get in the habit of attacking bombers from below because you're going too slow where the bomber can maneuver to get guns on you or you can get picked off by enemy fighters. Going back to my Japan example, their planes come pre-doused with gasoline so I was highly motivated to find a safe attack and found that I rarely get touched in a fast leading dive where you end up right on top of and perpendicular to the bomber and then blow past them at their 10 or 2 O'clock. You pass so quick the AI gunners often don't even have time to open up. You can also do a Banzai which is very honorable.
Wow... lots of responses. I still stand by my observations about mid-tier US planes and pilots. The team that wins is the team that kills the enemy the quickest in our limited cage match setup. Cannons kill quicker than MG's. BNZ'ers take longer to set up, execute and keep pressing attacks in a furball than turn-fighters or jack-of-all-trade planes. The learning curve from Arcade to Japan for instance is much less steep than learning to fly US planes well. US probably attracts new players who know the planes by their reputation but not their FM's. US pilots may also be just grinding their way through the lower tiers to better more popular higher tier planes as opposed to playing them regularly. Speaking of FM's, there are too many planes that can out-turn, out-climb, out-roll and keep up with US planes negating their fewer advantages. US planes generally do one thing well which makes them predictable. The maps lack balance such as the US bombers spawning too far above and ahead of the fighters leaving both groups short-handed for US. Yes, there are tactics to reduce the effect for each of these things but they are not always intuitive and all these factors add up to put the US at a disadvantage statistically. Finally, players from different countries fly lots of nations and not just the US exclusively... so blaming the US win rate on "stupid Americans" is toxic and not in the spirit of good sportsmanship IMHO.
Think of it like Blackjack which has about the best odds you'll get in Vegas. Sure, there's some car counters who do great and even a less experienced player can have a win streak now and again... but over many thousands of hands and players... the odds are still in the favor of the house. It's hard to pull hard numbers from the game but there are some trends which we all notice such as the Brits better win rate on Hokkaido. This can't all be attributed to bad US pilots and there are other factors such as the number of bombers the US gets in proportion to the Brits and how their targets are condensed in a tighter space closer to the enemy spawn points and AF's than other maps. There's also the factor of how the Spits can gain an altitude advantage quicker in that smaller space. If a bnz plane can't start with an alt advantage, then they have to use tactics which go against the number one thing that wins games which is to kill the enemy quicker than they can kill your team.
I'm 99% sure those are rad flap amount open/closed indicators. Gear indicators are usually lights in the cockpit. They don't seem to be working in the game.
It could be different for different planes but that's what they are (rad flap indicators) on a 109... https://www.google.com/search?q=109+radiator+flap+indicator&amp;biw=1066&amp;bih=881&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=m4iDVbXVI8jtsAWY84DoDA&amp;ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg
1) Yak-3P - If I'm flying against Russia in any good fighter and get shot down in some inexplicable way... it's almost always by this plane. 2) Ki-43-III - I do so well with this plane that I switched to Allies for the added challenge. It's an absolute priority to eliminate them in a match asap. That's all that comes to mind as everything else in the mid-tiers where I like to fly is pretty predictable and there's usually some way to counter their strengths... so if they shoot me down it's probably my fault in some way.
How do you play with that aspect ratio?
Trying to get under someone's skin is one of the oldest plays in the book but I still get rubbed the wrong way sometimes... usually when mixing WT with whiskey. The mods can also be a little trigger happy. I once got a two week chat ban for "xenophobia" by saying "honorabru" while flying Japan. lol...
They also used Texans in Final Countdown. Fun Fact: That Tomcat stall around 3 minutes was real as the pilots were told to go all out and they were actually trying to get guns on each other... haha. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3XNEWtJF0o
I wish they'd give us different colored rectangles that don't look ridiculously worn so we can properly decorate our planes that can be seen by others.
I like WW2 planes and have no interest in jets so I stopped flying Tier IV because the prop vs jet match-ups and grind were pissing me off. Now I have way more fun flying Tier II-III. That is until I got guilty from doing too well with Axis planes and started giving the US a good go so I'm starting to hate the game again.
It's broken in RB as well. My crew has 50/50 for keen vision and awareness +30 for expert qualification and still lose tracking with planes against the ground that are less than 2km away. It's frustrating as hell when your BNZ'ing a Zero, Spit or Yak and they disappear when you know they can UFO up into a shot with hardly any energy.
Not to be discouraging but I think there's bigger fish for them to fry.
I'll upvote this in the sense that if I have a few hundred GE's laying around (like free ones from a GE wager) I'll throw them at a new crew to make them serviceable.
That's essentially what happened IRL (for example, automatic prop pitch came with constant speed propellers which I think started with the 109-E4 for the Germans) although I'd be surprised if the devs have been that granular with it.
Just my two cents but I think that WEP needs to be redone entirely. To my knowledge, it wasn't always on tap whenever you needed it depending on the system used. You could use it for a while, a few shorter times or once might be enough to ruin the engine or run out of go juice. For now, maybe just give any plane that had it 3x 1 minute WEP's and be done with it until they can model it properly... i.e. longer WEP'ing for US water injected systems to give them the speed advantage they currently lack, burning high octane fuel quicker in Brit supercharger systems, limiting WEP time for Germans who had a fixed amount of methanol-water (or nitrous oxide) they carried and model the simple over-throttle that many planes had which could be limited by heat issues. It would also give them a baseline for all planes to shoot for which is have enough WEP to reach the 2 minute engine heat red-line countdown on the hottest weather map no matter what system they use. It would then make sense to bind it to a key for engaging x number of times/minutes in a match. It would definitely make things interesting as you wonder if that Yak-3P has used all it's WEP's or if it can still UFO right up yer nose. It would also help to eliminate these ninja nerfs for some planes that inexplicably overheat easier than others when WEP'ing. I guess it could still end up at the top of the throttle either way (to replicate injecting water/gas/fuel) as many sticks only have one. Anyway... sorry... didn't mean to hijack your thread. I'm just thinking out loud about a bigger problem associated with what you posted so thanks for being a good sport about my ramblings.
Russian planes look best to me when they are... 1) On Fire 2) Missing Large Important Pieces 3) Stalled in a UFO Climb 4) Trying to Turn-Fight my Spit or Zero 5) Running Home to Mama
Yeah like I said... I don't think Gaijin is going to get that historically detailed with engine management for every plane. It's more like they modeled a few common things you can generally control and either a particular plane had them or not. I'll upvote you for the interesting historical info though.
Just a upvote don't question.
Are you sure it's not a coincidence that it's acting that way for that plane just by the nature of the way it works in the game? Last time I played with engine management, it was everything controllable on or off. So if you wanted to just control your air/fuel mix for instance, toggling engine management on means you also have to control everything else such as prop pitch and rads open/close and you can't set any one thing to automatic anymore.
It needs this music - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nni0rTLg5B8
Just don't question a upvote.
You mean, "Just don't upvote a question."
I just want to add that flaps are your friend when you need to turn quicker.
Ok didn't realize they got that far. Thanks... good to know.
...and Russian equipment and arms.
So was mine. He was literally like Clint Eastwood in Gran Torino. Tough SOB with a heart of gold. He even owned a Torino at one point and only bought Fords his whole life... lol. Anyway, I know it was bad because he would never talk about it. Edit: He did tell me one story about how a ship he was on sailed right into a mine. They could hear it bumping against the hull but it didn't go off. I'm basically here because of shitty Rusky quality control.
I thought Ireland was neutral in WW2...
Pssst... spade the P-63C-5. You can thank me later.
And let's put some curtain in this old B-25. It'll be faaa-buuu-lous!
One little trick in Sicily to try. If you WEP straight for their AF at about 10-15 degrees in the P-63... you can get to a lot of the Germans before they have a chance to climb too high and it can completely derail their team. ;)
Sure thing. Go for kills if you have a shot but it doesn't have to be a suicide run. Just remember your job is to intercept and keep them down until the rest of the team catches up... or bait some back to the friendlies low. If this tactic catches on they'll have to start side-climbing which could split their team up when some of the less experienced ones take the usual routes. GL&amp;HF 07
I thought I would too but the c5 turns better and goes nearly as fast.
He's an experienced, thoughtful player and strategist. It's also useful to talk things out until the right moves become automatic.
Just covered this: http://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3a84s4/why_i_think_its_time_to_stop_bashing_american/
The P-63C-5 is a great plane in RB. I honestly don't know why more people don't fly it. I'm actually wondering if maybe the instructor is bad for it and I'm getting more out of it flying stick.
Very cool.
What did they sound like? High or low pitched? Buzzy? Gurgly?
+15% RP for lawn mowing GT's.
^ this. If someone breaks off a flaming Yak, I stay on them and keep shooting until they're dead. Sometimes my teammate might squeal, "Kill stealer!" but they don't understand that I don't want to have to fight this guy again after his 3:1 chance of putting out the fire with little to no inhibiting damage. Another example is when a teammate flames one close near me but the Rusky knows their plane is still capable of fighting longer before having to address the fire so they're still a serious threat when other planes would be losing controls and parts. Between their armor and having to completely finish them... it seems like you have to throw a lot more rounds at them for a kill than other nations.
If I ever unexpectedly and inexplicably get shot down when fighting Russia in any mid-tier fighter... 9/10 times it's a Yak-3P. They just have a way of getting to you in some manner that didn't seem possible for any plane when you planned your attack into a group of Ruskies. On a side note, I'm getting pissed off at how planes that are less than 2km below you can disappear against the ground in RB (they're not even a dot while they can still tag you) when several Rusky planes generally perform their best at lower alts and can UFO up your nose with hardly any potential energy. The same can also be said for some Spits and Zero's but US BNZ'ers do one thing well and getting screwed by the broken spotting system is just one more way of stacking the odds against them.
Last I looked, 3P production began in 1945 and they didn't enter service until after the war. As far as the game goes, even with the recent BR change, they still seem under-tiered where they can get matched against 1941 tech.
Then maybe the instructor should be tweaked to simulate the shitty pilots they had IRL.
There's a lot more going on to consider than what you've covered and definitely don't think your conclusions are even close to the consensus. Want to make generalizations? Flying Japan is the closest thing to flying arcade planes in RB. USA has the shittiest pilots? Their loss rate is way more complex than overall pilot skill. Just the fact that they generally spawn too low with less fighters who typically only do one thing well and generally lack cannons simply puts them at a statistical disadvantage. But we could argue all the tiny details to death so I have to go with tangible results which is the win rates. So saying that Russia has the worst planes while having the highest win rates just doesn't support what you're saying. I'd agree if you said however that plane for plane, Russia is generally better than what they're matched against. So is under-tiering these planes Russian bias? It could certainly be viewed this way.
Well... I have 1,800 kills with a 3:1 KDR and 2/3 win rate just from flying the Ki-43-III for a few months so yeah... I know Japan. ;) You could also say there's an anti-Japan bias with their crazy repair costs and since their remaining 1/3 loss rate is pretty much from fighting Russia... we're back to the subject of over-tiered Rusky planes. As far as win rates go... I see it the complete opposite way. Because the game is so complex, it's the only solid result showing the culmination of all these factors. I don't think this is a coincidence though and as long as Russia keeps racking up the most wins, there's going to be people complaining about Russian bias (which is what the topic is about) so it's going to be hard to convince people that they have the worst planes when they have the most match wins. I also don't think they have the best planes overall but along with earlier armor and cannons have the best matchups BR-wise which probably explains their superior win rates. However, it also seems like any plane that starts to outmatch them based on stats gets some ninja-nerf. The Hayabusa got a heat nerf, Corsair got a speed nerf, the P-63C-5 still has it's non-target yellow skin locked... I could go on and on. Ultimately, is it really so hard to believe that a game with Russian devs and a large Russian customer base isn't looking after their own? All things considered, the simplest explanation is often the true one.
I have the same stick and the only two times you're at a slight disadvantage are in a head-on where a mouse can aim finer and/or shooting straight and level where there can be a dead spot in the center of the stick action. But even with that fine tune aiming "limitation", I have no problems picking away at someone out to 800m when they're running without jinking. The two worst places to take a shot are in a head-on or right at depleted Gaijinium reinforced tails anyway so hold for close deflection shots and flying stick is just as deadly as mouse/KB. I personally fly stick in cockpit and virtual cockpit views primarily in RB for the fun and realism but mostly because I've been doing it that way since PC's and flight sims were invented. I also have head tracking but just hate playing 'find the dot' in SB and the RB/SB FM's are identical with stick so I like getting right to the action with spotting in RB. All that being said, stick will have a higher learning curve for new pilots versus mouse/KB jockeying but as far as sheer maneuvering goes... you can at least fly as well as the instructor when the instructor works well but can also fly better than the instructor when it's bad for some planes. (I'm beginning to think this is the case with the P-63C-5.) So I think stick is better for flying overall and even with it's small aiming issue... you can for instance still easily score 4-5 kills with one small loadout of Ki-43-III cannon shells using standard trigger discipline. Anyway, to each their own but don't let anyone try to convince you that stick is inferior because I shoot mousers down all damn day long with mine. http://s13.postimg.org/4tws63k7b/shot_2015_06_22_22_16_34_copy.jpg
^ this although no issues turning with stick here. Also agree in terms of sensitivity. I think I have ailerons, elevator and rudder all around 50%.
Cool. Post up a link!
You know the OP US F4U-1A? Well the Japanese one has the better USMC performance at the regular Corsair BR. It's OP as fuck if you're disciplined in hit'n'run and super cheap on sale. The A7M1 is the latest favorite flavor and will grind you a bit higher up the tree at a higher price. They're a bit of a scourge though so you could be risking a future nerf while the Corsair has been the way it is forever. Tough choice if I had to choose between the two!
It's just you. XD The extra speed is what really puts it over the top at its BR IMHO.
Good question. I typically see just over 2,000 people watching the stream on the twitch feed but don't think that represents the number of viewers on the WT stream page so it's likely more. The prize pool is at $29k but that amount is only a smaller portion of total dogtag buys... so there's a lot of us which decreases individual chances... especially when you don't need a dogtag to win. How much does the dogtag increase your chances as they've stated? Well they haven't told us. There's also the matter of trying to determine the odds of how many win the E-7 over the other garbage prizes if you're selected during the stream. It's likely pretty low. I've watched nearly every day and got one 40% RP booster. If this sub is any indication of winners... I've only seen two. All the dogtag owners get one at a $50k prize pool but it's growing slow enough where I wonder if it'll reach that much in the time we have left. I got the dogtag mainly because I wanted the E-7 but am happy with the other stuff I've gotten and things it gave me to do so it wouldn't be a total loss if I never got the E-7. I still want it bad though and the system is pretty complex to predict your chances. My gut says it's less than 5%-10% if we don't reach $50k which if it doesn't happen... I wonder if Gaijin will offer it some other way in the future. IDK... someone might have keyed in on a better way of calculating this in the WT forums.
It's likely because you're not competing with other excellent Japanese planes for kills. My Ki-43-III's 3:1 KDR would be 2x that if there was anyone left to shoot... lol.
The early 109's are probably my fav planes in the game but think the non-premium Ki-61's do as good a job at that type of flying for Japan. If it were an E-4, I'd get it in a second as its tiny bit of extra speed and mineshell rounds makes a big difference.
Sure thing. I'm thinking the Hitler-bolt might be right up your alley if you don't have it already. It's also very popular, a great grinder and cheap on sale.
Japan definitely isn't hurting in the climb department though otherwise I'd give the E-3 a whole-hearted 2 thumbs up to spend moolah on.
For bombs and rockets, you have to keep trying different methods until you hit something and then try to repeat it. The steeper the dive the easier it is to hit with bombs. I had it down to a 20 degree dive at a certain high speed and close distance. The bombs are big though so they can be forgiving. For rockets, I fire within 0.5km and aim a bit to one side of the target so one of them hits dead on. Also don't forget your .50's can take out things like pillboxes. As for tactics, like I said, it depends on the map. Some you dive straight in and get out fast. Some you have to hang back and look for an opening. Some have no point to bombing at all. Part of the fun is learning how to fly it and you'll get the hang of it.
GG! You both did a great job of keeping your alt/speed advantage, going for the highest enemy first to push them down and keep them below you, taking turns attacking to keep them on the defensive, clearing each others six, extending behind the enemy's wing-plane after your dives so they have to bleed speed to come back around on you and resetting your attacks. My only critiques (from a frequent 109 E-4 flyer) are that you could've worked a little closer together and to be careful not to dive below the enemy's alt when BNZ attacking as that's alt/energy you're freely giving away to them so you'll have to work to get it back. Anyway, by following these textbook tactics, you guys made defeating overwhelming odds look like a leisurely Sunday drive. =D
These stupidly OP, arcade FM, under-tiered, UFO's are already a balance borking scourge and they're going on sale. FFS.
I picked up the XP-50 for the sale and am sorry I wasted GE's on it. It seemed good on paper, in a test flight and with some reviews... and it does climb well where you can usually start the match with an alt advantage... but that's where the fun ends. Once you get into the thick of a fight, there's too many planes that are faster at level flight, can climb as well at equal energy and maneuver better at high speeds. It simply feels under-powered when matched against G-2's, Yak-3P's and A7M1’s.
All planes require learning a certain skill-set but this doesn't negate the characteristics I've pointed out. It has one strength and that is climb rate but it can still fall short in that area as well... -Premium planes tend to get uptiered in match-ups so you face fighters that are near equivalent to your one strength and outmatch you in other areas. -It typically gets a ground start (or lower air start) against several planes that also have excellent climb rates with higher air starts. This negates your climb advantage so you often have to side-climb like any US fighter and your climb rate is not as advantageous above 6km against several enemy fighters. -You face situations where it's comparatively lower top critical speed makes it harder to pull away in a shallow extend after a dive attack... or stay out of gun range in a steep climb back up to fight in the vertical against several planes that can still [UFO up your butt] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3z52j0/i_now_understand_about_the_yak9ts_amazing_stall/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) and hang on their prop (seemingly indefinitely even in a lower energy state) to get a shot since they have good thrust, better energy retention and good control at stall speeds. So while the XP-50 can help to get you an alt advantage... it lacks all the other abilities needed for a good BNZ'er which is a high critical dive speed, good maneuverability in a dive, good enough armament for a probable snapshot kill, a high top level extend speed and good energy retention. -The XP-50's controls stiffen up at higher speeds so it's harder to keep your guns on a more maneuverable fighter when you dive attack. It's also harder to shake them off your six if they can attack from behind. Now I'm not talking about screwing up and letting an enemy get right on your six. Too many planes are fast enough where they can begin closing on you from 2km out... even if you have a slight alt/energy advantage... but you lack the speed to pull away, lack the maneuverability to come back around on them and your climb rate isn't enough to out-climb them into a definitive attack position. So barring any help from a teammate, you are locked in the engagement and have to get ready for them to catch you which is a less than ideal situation for this plane. -The XP-50 is one of the least robust planes in the game so one tap from some MG's can severely effect its maneuverability. It also has comparatively weaker armament so you can tap them repeatedly in an engagement to no effect while they can get one hit on you and you're in serious trouble. This alone makes it a poor energy fighter since it's common to exchange lead in a close and personal fight and/or become a big fat slow target to other fighters that join the fight. Anyway, it's not a horrible plane and can be fun to fly. I just don't think it was worth the GE's I spent on it when there's too many other regular US planes that are more competitive.
STFU I WANT TO HEAR THE PLANES
Loaded the stream nearly every day and got 1X 40% RP booster.
E-7
Great stuff. When you introduce the band... how about including some music of theirs so we get an idea of what they're about... how similar/different they are from the song they're covering... even if it's mostly in the background while meeting them.
I watched the vid and he just under-layed the (obscure... not like it was WTC 9/11 footage...) RL explosion under WT gameplay for an effect. I'm more concerned about what he did to the monkey in the making of that vid. Anyway, I can see why it would be removed as a shitpost but an outright ban is silly. We have downvotes for a reason and if we no wants trolls then we no gets trolls on the sub's front page. Otherwise, I consider his posts fair game and generally part of our culture.
I think you put a little too much salt in yer tea.
The biggest drain on SL's is crewing and spading every single vehicle one at a time as you move up a tree and then spinning your wheels trying to earn RP/SL in a constant cycle of stock syndrome. A little homework will save you a ton of SL's for which ones to simply unlock on your way to ones that will get you a better KDR which will earn you more RP/SL. Most players probably only use 1/3 of the vehicles they have anyway and you can always go back to work on the ones you skipped over. For instance, I learned early on that pure heavy bombers don't fit the meta well in RB so I saved millions in SL's by not crewing or struggling to gain RP/SL's with them on constant suicide runs and got all the fighters and attackers I wanted quicker with millions of SL's in the bank. Also take note of repair costs. Japan for instance has ludicrously high repair costs where for some planes you can have good games with a few kills and still lose SL's if you get shot down. You may have different vehicle goals for a different mode but it'll still work out the same. If you missed the boat on that strategy by already spading everything up through Tier IV then you might have to grind with a premium vehicle.
Said it a million times but US heavy bombers don't fit the RB meta well. They can't often effect the outcome by bombing GT's, spawn too high and ahead of fighter support, get shot down too easily and leave the remaining fighters short-handed to be over-whelmed... who are typically already at an alt disadvantage. Of all the changes we've had to the game over the past two years, few to none of them addressed maps and gameplay. Attackers and fighter/bombers are a much better alternative as some have very decent ordinance and can also dogfight to chip in with the fighters.
Agreed. You shall not be missed dark, cold, lonely Xmas theme.
