I love White Zombie, but I think Rob Zombie did better on his own...
This guy is a fucking bag of dicks. He's Skip Bayless if some people actually thought Skip Bayless could put together a sentence correctly.
I'm not your buddy, guy!
I like this one a lot
Best Star Wars game ever.
I like dis one
And he had the best hip rehab ever. Shoot a bow with his feet!
Also, needs more Boz-shaming touchdowns.
It costs your mouth in this weird, slimy feel...
Bet you can't eat the black ones!
You sound like a 12 year old right now. This isn't even relevant.
I wanna wear a zoom suit. All the time.
[Ah, the ol' reddit gamearoo!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/396da8/600_years_in_the_future_theres_a_historian_who/cs1m525)
Yes! The swords! This is the only game where I've seen a sword and thought "I can absolutely imagine holding that." The leather textures, the metal, you can just imagine the weight of it! Also, love lookin at my Griffin armor and swords during cutscenes too.
Thank you! Do you know of any specific mythological stories that it's based on? I've definitely let myself get wrapped up in this world now lol
Sure you did, Daniel. Why you gotta be dragging Lindsey down with you?!
I've gotten some Loot Crates, and it's ok, but in my mind, probably a waste of money. For 30 bucks I could pick out one thing that I really want rather than 5 things that are kinda cool.
Is it worth it to go? What's it offer?
I think he meant b9. As in "I have good news! Your tumor is b9!"
Bucky? Where are ya, Bucky?!
I'm not your pun, quip!
I'm brand spanking new to this game. I love it but don't get it at all. I'm playing on an Xbox one. Is this game even officially released on PC yet or is it still in alpha?
Yes! Jumping is so hard! I don't get it! Lol But I freaking love everything! The first time I came out of hyperspace next to a sun, I literally gasped!
Oh ok cool! Also, how do I drop out of friendship drive?....
Hahaha so basically, just play around on my controller and figure it out. :) ok I can do that!
Don't call him mate, geezer!
Effin A! Just figured it out! You hold down A to bring up the menu and push up on the d-pad to do it! I feel so liberated now! Hahah
&gt; That's the game, and you play it at your own risk. When you play the game of Castles, you either win, or you die
&gt; Then I would say, they are simply doing this for business perspective, not that they love the X1 community. Is this because, they don't have enough confidence in their console to bring new games, so let's try different and put backward compatibility. Got that fanboy stink on ya, son
One of em tried to cut off my grandmas finger to get her ring. My grandpa grabbed the guys arm and twisted it down so that the guy stabbed himself in the leg really deep. Then they ran like hell.
It's Fallout Shelter. It's an iOS game. EDIT: Shelter not vault
I can't tell if he's being a dick, or if he's trying to make a joke that none of us are getting....
That's what I love about these games. The level of detail is absurd!
Just voted. Definitely wanna dock at a place called Ramjam!
Iiiiii would say it's very high up there....
To be fair, Sir Anthony Hopkins could have played Jar Jar and it still would have sucked
I'll ride in your Cobra with you ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hell yeah! You a Taylor Swift fan?! Crank that shit!
Yeah that I don't know about.....
It's not overly heavy, but you definitely know you're wielding a deadly weapon. My nightstick is telescoping, so I like that it sits right by my glasses case, because it's about the size of a glasses case, so that if I need it I can grab it quickly. Anyone who doesn't know what it is just thinks it's a flashlight.
You're right. Just because someone needs something for work doesn't make it a human right. For instance, I need prescription pads for my work, but not every human should have a right to a prescription pad. Look guys, I hate Fox as much as you do, but stop saying things that are equally as stupid.
So then paper and printers should be a human right?....
༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ
"Ayyy lmao" -King Tut
┬─┬﻿ ︵ /(._ . ）
196%
It's crazy! The way he says it, it's like what he's doing is something that is completely ok! He can't FATHOM that there are people out there who think that chokeholding suspects is wrong!
Iron Giant. It's a very well done movie.
Sake bombs. Sake bombs.
Three vaginas and they're STILL raping our women! Selfish bastards!
It's really not. Our defense is playing better than it ever has. Our RB's have been fine. Lacy has been gimpy this season, but Starks has been solid and Lacy will come back strong. Our O-Line we do need to use some draft picks on. They're getting old. But when you take a #1 WR out, everything gets much harder. You're left with Cobb, a slot receiver who's being asked to be a deep threat, Jones, who, God love him, isn't scaring any defenses, and Adams, who needs more time to grow, just like Nelson did behind Jennings and Driver, and Cobb did behind Nelson and Jennings. Put Nelson back in the mix, and all the pieces, except for the O-Line, fall into place.
Thanks guys.... That's nice of you to say....
Put it on your mantle next to your Lombardi trophies.
Highlight of the night. Yes, that includes the INT
LOL
In a non-starting shit way, do the Vikings really consider themselves our main rival?... I always saw it as Packers/Bears, Vikings/Lions...
Nicest thing I've read all week!
Probably won't use this term again until Belicheck leaves NE
A lot of ign employees voted for rise as overall GOTY too
Love it! ALL their shit talk and "FTP" shit all season! For them to lose like that is amazing!!!!
A hood without sleeves? Now James Jones is just messing with us....
That's the thing that gives me hope for next year! Our defense is starting to mature and come into their own!
If it makes you feel better, I've heard this could be an Asian tourist. It's common practice for them to wear both jerseys to show respect to both teams
That Peppers guy is alright!
Also, if you don't already, get SmartGlass
I have an Xbox One and I love it. If I were you though I would take a look at the upcoming games for Xbox One. Cuphead, Crackdown, Quantum Break, Gears 4, Oxenfree, (which is coming out this Friday) and ReCore (which is made by the guys who did Metroid Prime) are all coming to Xbox this year and have me beyond excited! If those games catch your eye, I'd strongly consider getting an Xbox One.
He's going to kill himself pretending to kill himself!
Can't tell if trolling or not... Either way, here's a downvote
Thanks for this, but I'm really ok! No one would have expected the Pack to do that well! I'm just excited for next year and ready to cheer the Cardinals on in the Super Bowl!
And Janis across the field from him! (Ok maybe not, but maybe!)
:,) thanks man...
I agree with you that it stems from jealousy, but it doesn't mean that it doesn't get obnoxious. As a Thunder fan, I don't comment and post "fuck the Rockets" whenever they lose.
I actually like Bridgewater. And I really don't hate the Viking team (except for AP. Fuck that guy in the fucking neck), I just don't like their fans.
Holy shit that would be awesome!
That was the day Al Harris was immortalized in my mind! Even have an Al Harris rookie card. He's in an Eagles jersey but still....
I honestly don't think we do that.... If we have, I've never seen it... Does your subreddit really have a FTL and FTB? I've never seen it... And good! I'm glad you can cheer for some of our guys too! Serious question though, why do you all hate Rodgers? (Maybe you don't personally, but a lot of Vike fans do) Other than him selling out to State Farm, I love everything about the guy!
Yes!
I freaking loved Atari Bigby! Our defense might have given up a lot of yards and penalties, but they beat the shit out of everyone they played!
No need for racial slurs
Ugh... I know I'm in the minority, but I hate hate HATE Wes Anderson... The way he directs his dialogue is just so strange! The actors deliver their lines so quickly one after another and so deadpan that it sounds like they're reading off of cue cards to me.
"Food by Wingstop" I'm dead
You're much funnier than I was at your age....
"Some things are true. Not everything is permitted. That's called fraud."
I don't watch NASCAR at all. Can you explain why people hate him? Was he considered a dirty competitor or something?
Who the hell posts shit like this on facebook?
Hope OP is fine with paying me a year salary now that I'm fired!
He looks old as hell! Look at his hands! Those are the hands of a 90 year old grandmother!
All Along the Watchtower by Jimi Hendrix
That movie had such promise, then went to shit...
And don't talk "like the youths"
Ok I could agree with you there. I'm more anti-Redmayne than pro-Jordan on this. I do think Jordan got robbed on not being nominated for Fruitvale Station though.
I did see it. I thought it was an interesting subject, but I just felt like he delivered so poorly on it. I actually liked him quite a bit in the theory of everything, which was why I was looking forward to the Danish girl. But I thought his performance in it was very forgettable.
Yeah, Birdman was definitely an experience, and I was talking to my friends about it afterwards, talking about "wasn't this cool, and wasn't that cool?" But then once I got into bed and had time to think, I kinda came to this conclusion; I see movies for enjoyment. If I enjoyed a movie, it has merit. But I didn't enjoy Birdman... I totally get it. I get that it's a message on how it feels to be pigeonholed (heh) into a role and never be able to break out of it, and I can appreciate that message. But I disliked it for the same reason I disliked Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Because watching it gave me the same feeling as when you're somewhat sick to your stomach but not enough to be full blown sick. Just....so uncomfortable.... Whiplash was pretty formulaic. The dad apologizing for being bumped into in the movie theater for instance ("get it?! Cause, like, his dad gets walked all over, and he hates him for that, but he'll let someone else walk all over him when it's important to him!!!"), but, holy shit JK Simmons. I don't think I've enjoyed watching an actor act as much as I have watching him act in that movie! He is a total dick, a selfish asshole, and I loved every minute of it!
Also Bendis and Maleev's run at Daredevil!
SO excited to read Hellboy's winter special! I snagged the variant cover too!
"Do you think she hates me?" "With a passion." "Really? Do you think it's the hat? A lot of people hate this hat. It angers a lot of people, just the sight of it."
I'm getting chills just thinking about it!
The hardest part is over. You told someone. You didn't let it sit in the shadows and fester. That's poisonous. Now you can start healing! Also, if you ever feel like you need to talk to someone, know that you can message me or pretty much anyone else on here! I'm confident we'd all be willing to listen!
Wait, shouldn't he start with [this?](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JAQtbCUYGsw/maxresdefault.jpg)
&gt;I don't think anyone blames OKC fans for rooting for their team You haven't spent much time around Seattle, have you?...
So I listen to Podcast Unlocked quite a bit, and these are my thoughts on this: I think that Sean Finnegan is both an idiot, and that what he said is being blown out of proportion. Ok, so first off, Sean Finnegan is a video guy. Essentially, he's the guy who sets up the cameras for the podcast videos, he captures gameplay videos (I know. Ironic), and he films a lot of like Up at Noon and their other video segments. I truly believe that he's only ever on the show when they have no one else to use. Around the time of this podcast, the show consisted of Ryan McCaffrey, Destin Legarie (who also is a bit of an idiot), Marty Sliva, and Mitch Dyer. Those 4 made up the show, and when one of them couldn't be on it, Sean would come in. So yeah, he's the guy who they say "shit, we need someone else in here..." But on to context: if I remember correctly, they were talking about PC's vs consoles, and how there's a theory that Xbox is just going to turn into an upgradable type product, where you just upgrade parts every couple of years. Finnegan is not a fan of this, and was giving reasons why he likes consoles over PC. From the context of the conversation, what it sounded like he was trying to say was that he preferred the "ready out of the box" quality of consoles over PC's, and part of that "ready out of the box" includes a piece of hardware that, out of the box, gives you the ability to record gameplay. So yes, what he was saying was incorrect, but it's one of those cases of "I see what you were going for." Anyway, I enjoy IGN's podcasts. Yes, they absolutely say shit that I disagree with, but at the end of the day, they're entertaining to listen to. Alanah Pearce just joined their show recently and I actually really enjoy hearing what she has to say. She's called Finnegan out on his bullshit multiple times, and it's SO satisfying! EDIT: Wording
Eh, if we're getting really technical, it's like the kid knocked it wobbly, I had to choose between saving my tv or saving the kid, so I save the kid (tv is still just a tv after all). But my friend still owes me 500 bucks.
Are you implying with that statement that admittance to a zoo covers all damages that a guest causes while there?....
So what's the point of that comment then?....
Marlon Wayans from White Chicks tore your team apart!
Except for the third wife that no one pays attention to anymore cause she got fat
Harden doesn't even get chances to choke!
AND YOURS IS STILL HOPING MICHAEL JORDAN WILL COME PLAY FOR THEM
OR THE WARRIOR FAN'S LOYALTY
Still knocked your team out without breaking a sweat!
SEEING AS HOW YOU JUST BECAME A FAN TWO WEEKS AGO, I'M GUESSING YOU DON'T
Did you mean to post in the "the Hornets are still the Hornets" thread? It's that way.
That line is shittier then the lines from SF to shitty ass Oakland for your games!
Oakland is still a piece of shit
Yeah! They should be real men like Artest and just punch fans in the face to celebrate!
Still sucks Silver's dick*
EXCEPT FOR YOU'RE TYPING THIS ON A LIBRARY COMPUTER SINCE YOU CAN'T AFORD ONE BECAUSE YOU LIVE IN THE DUMBEST PLACE POSSIBLE
SEEING AS HE'S A SOUTHERNER, I THINK HE PREFERS OUR BBQ
Your comparison is bad and you should feel bad
Ultimately that's your opinion, which doesn't matter. What matters if it was up to code legally. If it was up to code, it's the parents responsibility
WON BY 38, LOST BY 1, WON BY 29, WON BY 11, WON BY 14 The only game that was close was the second one, where you all got lucky at the buzzer! But it's ok. If I was a Mavs fan I'd probably block everything out since 2011 too!!!
YOU HAVE A FUTURE TO NEVER BE IN A POSITION TO CHOKE A 3-1 LEAD IN A CONFERENCE SEMI-FINAL GAME!
Yup. Even at a restaurant, it's polite to wait until everyone gets their food.
Just as ugly and not fun for anyone but he who has it. Yup. That checks out!
I was just thinking that! Holy shit those graphics look great! FUCK Konami for doing this!!!
Now that he's done with the goat, he should go
Dad? Is that you?
Westbrook's knee has something to say about that....
Aren't you that [goat fucker?....](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/370uvj/found_this_as_a_review_on_tera/crivk2e)
Because they were just gonna bury her anyway!
Picked up Hellboy in Hell #10, and Moon Knight #3. I need to re-read Hellboy. I'm still not sure how I feel about it... Anyone else? Moon Knight is bitchin though! Loving this series so far!
Not sure why you're being downvoted... Battlefield 1 is the most liked game trailer ever on youtube. Say what you will about EA, they know how to make products that the consumer is interested in, even if the quality is lacking.
Well there's also Mass Effect, Mirror's Edge, Dragon Age, Titanfall, etc. To say that they do nothing but mess up games is unfair...
I just developed a tick reading this...
Just remember; everyone on Reddit is a bot except for you
I'm not sure we use the same Reddit...
Blockbuster was a different beast though.... A movie could bomb in the theaters, but for some reason everyone wanted to rent it...
The ELI5 for anyone curious: redditor asks about something he remembers seeing or something. Someone messages him back with the link. He says "holy shit! How'd you know it?!" Mysterious redditor says "shh bby is ok"
It's like fallout, but fantasy. Also, while its a very flawed game, LA Noire is one of my favorites. Resident Evil 4 is also on 360!
I was working in a warehouse and accidentally swept some dust on a coworkers shoes. He grabbed the broom from me and spit on the bristles. Apparently, if you sweep dust on someone's feet, it's an omen that they're going to be in jail soon. Spitting on it afterwards helps to remove the omen.
You think that's a mullet?...
Fuck you
I'd also like to see when they actually started dating
This. When the Bills owner died, I got absolutely shit on because when they said on ESPN that he owned one of the greatest franchises I said "wait, what?...."
Yeeeeah I'm calling this as fake. People who are that weird aren't poetic about their weirdness
The weird thing is that I listen to some of the podcasts that she's on, and she pretty regularly says her age, and the OP never has her age right. You'd think a stalker would learn every little thing about her....
Yeah that's a pretty good point.... Man, I genuinely feel bad for this guy.... I know what it feels like to want nothing more than to be with someone who doesn't want to be with you. I don't know if it's worse when it's a situation like this where you don't even really know the person....
Doesn't seem weird to me.... My family is Catholic and we always pray before meals. If it makes you that uncomfortable I feel like that says more about you than them....
"country low age of consent" "flights Philippines"
Just got it too! Thank you Wario64!
That's when you yell "hey this pudding has been contaminated! This little kid LICKED THE SPOON AND PUT IT BACK IN! Can we get a new container and spoon please?" Then glare at the kid and parents while you walk back to your table.
Protip: follow Wario64 on Twitter and make it so you get a notification every time he tweets. He tweets game deals all the time. I have no idea how he does it! He tweets basically from sun up to sun down!
Is this to replace Monty Williams? I like the choice, but damn it I wish we could have kept Monty... I hope him and his family are doing ok... EDIT: It is to replace Monty...
But drugs...drugs is a dirty business
that's where I'm at... looking at the devs, I'm worried, but we'll see... I'll probably get it either way.
Yeah not all. But that's not what the quote is. And we're animals biologically, yes, but mentally we're much more. That's obvious.
I think he still lives in OKC actually....
Going to the Finals 5 times is fucking impressive. Doesn't matter what your record is there.
Am a man. Don't masturbate.
I love KD and Westbrook, but neither of them are as complete a player as LeBron
Sounds like his prison sentence was too short then!
HEY! LISTEN!
Shut up and help me oil these bodybuilders up!
Am I missing something?... How is it not in line with the church to hope that someone was able to die in the state of grace?...
Decepticons*
Thank you for the link! I'll check that out for sure!
You can find anyone saying anything. But to say that "Christians be like..." or "Republicans be like..." when it is an extremely small minority is ridiculous and hate-mongering.
http://i.imgur.com/cCYRlJJ.gif
The thing that stands out to me, is that it doesn't just take tremendous strength to be a good bouncer, it takes a lot of coordination. I mean, pick out an object in the room. Now grab it as fast as possible. I guarantee you that your hands are going to fumble a bit and miss it at first. Now make that object be in a moving person's hands and a deadly weapon! Very impressive.
What it looked like to me is that Verejao ran into Delly and wrapped his arm around him, and then when Delly tried to box out, Verejao went limp and pulled him down. I didn't see any contact that Delly initiated.
Sunset Overdrive!
Why does that make no sense?... Marvel gets to make Spiderman movies again, and in return Sony has exclusive rights to Spiderman games... Makes sense to me...
Different people, but same company. Sony had the rights to the character for movie purposes. If they decided that they no longer wanted to pursue that character, it's advantageous of them to pass the character on to Marvel in return for videogame rights.
holy shit on a shamrock I can not wait for this game! Just reading that line gets me hyped!!!!
So a lot of game journalists have played pretty much all of it, and I've yet to hear anyone say it's not game of the year material!
Was PT VR though?... I think people are underestimating how "fear for your life" scary VR horror will be... That kind of scary isn't fun...
Where can I watch these?... It's not on Netflix, is it?
Oh sweet! I have HBO so I'll check it out!
Dude, I'm a big time horror fan. I've also been held up at gunpoint. Those are two different feelings. I don't want to feel the fear of being held up at gunpoint ever again! A lot of people are saying though that when you're in a VR horror game, that's the type of fear you feel though.
🎶One Saturday Morning!🎶
Apparently the general consensus is "we don't want to ruin it. Just trust us on this"
👆this my dude
Fresh AF
Not sure what Disney movies you're watching, but pretty much all Disney movies from at least the 90's on had hard looks at society.
The Godfather! Love it!
Man, I completely disagree with you. Take Toy Story; a movie where, really, the badguy is the likeable main character, Woody. He represents the jealousy and fear of being replaceable that most people feel, and which causes them to do things that are bad. Or Cars, which is a hard look at the toll that progress takes on people, and how it kills the little man. Or The Incredibles, which is about how dangerous the idea of "everyone is special" is. Tarzan, which is a metaphor for xenophobia, both from the animals and the humans, and the person who bridges that gap. Huchback of Notra Dame, which is about how dangerous someone is when he falsely believes he is on God's side. I think you're selling Disney short, man...
Oh my...
Yeah, my wife regularly comes down to my office to yell at my boss when I tell her he's being a jerk! She's awesome!
The ending kind of falls apart.... That monologue is pretty bad. But overall, super spooky!
Consider the source. I see so much misinformation that gets upvoted into the thousands. Did that person cite a source or at least list their credentials? If not, don't take it as fact.
As someone who just bought a PS4 a few months ago, hold off. All of those games you saw in that gif are not coming out until at least 2017. Last Guardian is the only thing coming out this year for them.
Why would you say Microsoft's was laughable?... They showed multiple games that looked great that are coming out very soon...
What do you mean they lost their touch? Could you explain?
Maybe that was it... I don't know what the difference between 2.5 and 2.8 is... 3 is for sure coming to Xbox One though, right?... Or am I also making that up? lol
I personally think Gears, ReCore, We Happy Few (especially that one!) and Sea of Thieves all look great! You don't?
Interesting... I'd like to take you up on that, but to be honest I don't know if I'll be building a PC any time soon.... That's crazy nice of you though, man!
Wow I never realized that's what that means! Gives a whole different meaning to [this!](https://youtu.be/ac_iZc0gGxk)
Wait, you didn't say there would be colors and shapes involved! Just forget everything!!!!
Relax, Indiana
It's much easier to dismiss fact as "reaching" then it is to admit you're wrong, isn't it? It's not like tweets have negatively affected everyone from [high school athletes](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3393990/High-school-basketball-player-suspended-tweet-criticizing-Wisconsin-athletic-association-reminded-students-sporting-behavior.html) to [commentators](http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/25/us/curt-schilling-insensitive-tweet/). But yeah, you've provided plenty of proof that the stance you take is the right one. From "you must not be employed" to "you don't understand context." I mean, your logic is air tight.
