that might apply to smaller servers, however big servers like balmung and gilgamesh will still have the problem of hunts being killed by 30 people rather than 8
I obliviate myself from time to time just to get that feeling again.
If there was a way to send it over the internet, I would.
I actually liked the healing LB of BRD, I saved a lot of parties with that when I used to main BRD
Except Fat Cat would eat all the food laid out.
3 hours for dungeon drops? Thats a cute estimate. 1.5million Gil is also over the top, though I guess that depends on your server but on Balmung you get everything for around 300k last I checked.
It will be quickern I agree but three hours is really a bit generous, it all relies on RNGesus. And ouch really?
Really? They nerfed that? Damn.
Well to be fair when I did it, I had the time because of a lasting injury. All in all I did it in a month, mostly stuck on Alexandrite. Hows the drop rate on that now?
A lot of massacres are announced ahead of time, but most of the time they aren't taken seriously. There are a few Youtube channels of now dead shooters where they announced what they were gonna do.
Looking at statistics, the NFL has less concussions than college and high school leagues. I'm thinking its because youth players take more risk and don't think about the consequences.
Use the other debuff thingy-majick the dark purple one. Name eludes me atm. I use that and Foresight for the first heavenly heel and easily survive with 6-10k hp depending on whether or not rng allows me to parry. I use all slaying on my DRK and have about ~17k health with party and food buff. I got a whole rotation for the fight which keeps me alive pretty good. If you want to know it, I'll type it out.
Thordan is a good PLD fight, it's OP in there. Doesn't need to use their "Oh shit" button at all and the DPS isn't bad on PLDs, obviously not as good as DRK or WAR, but still enough to push a bit when needed. What really got to me was that Royal Authority isn't comboed with Riot Blade(iirc, i'm bad with remembering Skill names, the mp givy back one). It has a higher potency than what it is currently comboed with, making the DPS combo of PLD suboptimal.
Why would it kill that for you? I hope I need to do AS4 for it. i want to earn it and not getting it thrown at my face without effort.
I'd say DRG is easy to learn, but hard to master. The rotation is pretty straight forward, but knowing when to Geirskogul and when to not is the biggest issue I had while learning the new 60 rotation. It's satisfying to get off Wheeling Thrust/Fangs and Claws at 1s left.
He is talking cinematic though. Lore-wise a DRK without restraint and who has given in to the dark side would win.
Mentor system? I heard of the training hall system but I didnt hear of this. Mind explaining it to me?
Fun fact: if you put your fc logo on it, it's on it's right butt cheek.
That makes me sad. I had a DRG in Void Ark who literally was just standing on the flank, not moving at all apart from skill animations. I die a little inside everytime I see that, having mained DRG in ARR
Well the thing is, a WAR giving in to his Inner Beast is just a wild beast, while a DRK may not have the prowess, he can still think and is highly intelligent whem he gives into the Dark side. There is another comment chain in here where it's explained better than i can.
I'm not a native english speaker but I thought "dude" could refer to both men and women alike. Just like a mixed group of women and men can be called "guys".
Oh I'm not talking about new players(they are quite tame, with some bad sheep here and there). I'm talking about people who are alt leveling. Had one guy who told me my opinion doesn't matter because he has more 60s than me.
You don't need any cooldowns until Heavenly Heel. And yeah Shadow Wall and Foresight is the only thing I pop for that. Next CD on Bladedances. I usually LD and Concalescence the sword one and use whatever cooldowns are left for the shield one, with good DPS yand good RNG the WAR will have his one downed and it will be a soft Bladedance. Again no CD until next HH. Second one is a baby one since theres nocleave after, Foresight and Shadowskin. Next Heel, big damage Shadow Skin and Shadow Wall. For fourth one LD should be back up, I pop that and them the fight is nearly over, except you enrage but he just spams Ancient Quaga then and it's just a DPS check from there. Hope it helped. Feel free to ask me anything that is unclear. Also there should be no third Bladedance, you won't meet the DPS check if you get it. Thordan should be around 71-69% at HH. If you get him to 69, he will skip the cleave after HH.
Are you running Thordan with your static? Or are you pugging it? If you are pugging it, I'd recommend setting the ilvl up to 200, while ilvl isnt everything, it does balance out some aspects of people with bad rotations.
Ah I heard about Goblin from someone in my static, he transferred over to Balmung because there was nothing going on on Goblin. Hope you get your clear soon.
No problem. If you need any other tips at all, concerning anything at all, I'll be happy to help.
Was hälst du von Ausdrücken wie "Deutsch-Türke"? Ich perslnlich finde das es nicht zur Integration beiträgt, sondern eher bestimmte Personengruppen abspaltet vom "typisch deutschen". Meiner Meinung nach ist man das was auf dem Pass steht, hat man einen deutschen Pass, ist man Deutscher. Hat man einen türkischen pass, ist man Rürke. Würde mich brennend interessieren wie du das siehst.
Uh you can change that in the settings y'know? Controllers usually have legacy settings, allowing for freer movement.
I really want to help new people, but what I've encountered is simply people who don't care or don't listen. I try to explain stuff and get called an elitist asshole and tryhard, getting answers like "oh this is just a level xx dungeon, who cares". Other times I simply get ignored, I had a WAR in Haukke Manor who didn't use Tomahawk or Overpower and kept losing aggro, I explained multiple times how both work in his favor, I got completely ignored. I get maybe 1 in 30 players that actually say "hey cool thanks" when I point out their mistakes, I really can't be bothered anymore with the apathy and hostility i receive for wanting to help. It's good that you had so much positive things happening when you helped out, but I can't share the sentiment. I understand your point, but thinking back how I got better, I made an effort and researched my class to death. I'm still always researching, since I simply know I can still do better. I am not the best player out there, not by far, but I make an effort, which I see a lot of new players lacking.
Thanks for this, now to trick myself into replacing all my DRK icons with the DRG ones and see me play DRG on DRK
"fairy new here" i see what you did there, even if it was by accident
Well he literally can't get into thw game if he is still in as3. Otherwise it'd show him as offline or in a part of the world.
I used to think there were different kinds of fc types and that the tag was the name and the name the type.
The only thing lacking in PLD aggro is the snap aggro. Compared to Tomahawk or Unleash/Unmend(can never remember which is which), Shield Lob just doesn't cut it.
To be fair, JKR did say that she was a bit naive about the whole thing and thinking back she'd put Harry and Hermione together.
Geez calm down. Why the swearing? I read it differently alright? My source may have put it into false proportions, no need to get rude like this.
What always turned me off by the statement in the movies of "You have your mothers eyes", was the fact that both actors that played Harrys parents had blue eyes. Could never take it as seriously. Great edit though. Mr. Rickman saved the disaster somewhat.
Let's all put our money together and buy it. I got ten bucks in my pocket.
Because Christians and Jews don't see themselves that way right? Also &gt; Men are seen as superior to women That's just blatantly false. While it is true that it is that way in many modern Muslim relationships, it is not part of the religion. The Quran never says aanything like that
Probably because Dan, despite having quite a few subs, is still a very niche type of youtuber. Most people that know of him, are people who like him.
Awesome art, would love to comission something with you :D
South Park predicted it!
I was kinda disturbed by 'a great kid' coming after those sentences.
how casual do you have to be if you only get 500 esos per day?
Having sex isn't a choice to get pregnant. But nice b8 m8.
Fuck her that slideshow was great.
i think you need to look again xD "i've cream"
And then watch them look for the non-existent scratch.
How are those two comparable? BC can fail, a woman shouldn't have to 'live with the consequence' of something she had no control over, especially if she went to all lenghts with both condom and her own BC.
So if you ride a bike and fall down and break your arm in a way that makes it heal crookedly if it doesn't get put back in a normal position, you should just accept it and not let it get fixed correctly, because it was your choice to ride a bike.
Yeah but even if she claims to be his girlfriend, legally she has no standing point. If she had been married to him that would have been a different case, but as far as I know 'girlfriends' will only get something if its stated in a will or blood related family is kind enough to give her some.
So can chubby/fat people do MMA at all or should there be a basic fitness? I'm curious about MMA but I am quite fat.
No, you don't understand. Autocorrect struck again for you.
Fair enough. Though I do think it also depends on the judge.
MFW I realize I've been watching too much SJW crap for fun and I read sysscum instead ofsysadmin.
TRIGGERED
*bent
TRIGGERED HOW DARE YOU ILL LET YOU KNOW BRATLEIGH ONLY GETS BARBIE WRAPPER TO SHOW THE SUPERIORITY OF WOMEN.
Yes, but is he erratic? I must have overread that.
Thanks for the answer! And yeah I wasn't trying to disregard his attitude, but I don't know anyone who does MMA and I saw my chance.
GDI the feels.
Is the news that he 'protrcts' his tweets now? What a tool.
Eurofag here, can confirm we are stupid.
Especially considering they probably haven't analyzed the study. like for example:how many people were psrt of it, what were the test conditions etc etc. That is the problem with these SJWs they see a headline andare immediately dazzled into ignoring everything else. Another good example of a bullshit study is the one about vaccines causing autism.
The same way Christians justified their killings over the many years where we didn't have secular states: Heathens bring abput Gods wrath, therefore they must die.
Hey some creationists are asking for video proof for evolution from millioms of years ago. The lenghts conspiracy theorists go to just to feel justified.
Both sides have their jerks. I'd like to quote Bojack Horseman on this: 'Most people are already jerks and it's not like giving a jerk a gun(or in this case ideology) is going to make them not jerks.'
I think you're confusing immigrants with refugees, it's a common mistake a lot of germans make(including the press) If you want to improve senior citiziens life, make lots of children. The Generationenvertrag is at fault if there is poverty among senior citiziens(which I really haven't found to be the case anywhere I've lived yet). Retirement money was raised recently as well, so I don't know what you are basing this on. Citation needed.
I think you misunderstood what he said. (while I agree with you, that wasn't his point imo). Lets play out a scenario. We take someone who is already anti-gays. He isn't afraid of violence. Now that person sees someone in power pass legislations that restrict the rights of the people he hates. He gets a bigotry-boner. He sees more and more stuff like that passed and keeps seeing more gays pop up around him. He thinks to himself: the people in power hate gays and so does the extremist group I am sympathizing with. They won't punish me even if I go to court and even if I get the death penalty, my god will welcome me with open arms. Then he goes and shoos up a gay nightclub. There is always more than one reason why someone does something. I am not defending him, nor do I blame bigoted bills for his actions, but I think thats what the commentor wanted to convey.
Fat person here, no not at all. I am aware I am fat and thus dont wear anything thatd make me or other cringe.
Lmao, that genuinely made me burst out laughing in public. Made my day, hope you have a good one.
I agree that economic migrants are basically cancer. However I still need a citation for senior citizien poverty. In the future it will become a problem solely because of the lack of children. Currently however there is plenty of funds for the current retirees. I'd also like a citation where it shows that villages and towns are struggling. (Please no article from Bild though)
I'll give you the Kreuzberg one. Bremen article didn't mention anything about refugees, though I might have missed that. The Spiegel article shows some pretty interesting data. Namely most of the people getting low retirement money are women from West Germany. That has a historic background. Women in West Germany oftentimes became SAHMs(which while being accounted for doesn't give as much as actual work time payments), while East Germany women were working most of the time even with kids. It also factors in that again like I said the Generationenvertrag is fucking us over because there are more and more senior citiziens and not enough children,plus senior citiziens were once expected to be in retirement for 10-15 years before dying and making room for new senior citiziens. It's sad, but refugees aren't a factor in this. I completely understand your frustration about this, however we need retirment reform and not refugee hate to change this.
He should join the army then and be asked to be shipped to syria.
Heh, patriotism=being called a nazi here.
They don't. But as far as I know they have the right to see your ticket. What the guy filming doesn't get is that he entered a contract by purchasing the ticket.
Have you seen the tags he used? He literally used things like 'OrlandoShooting' and 'OrlandoGayClub' as tags.
It's not grasping at straws if he literally said he did it for ISIS and his faith.
well, if you want to get rid of someone just call him antisemite, youll never see them again
What a silly question, there is always someone higher. It's an endless circlejerk.
Buzzfeed stole it earlier from 9gag/reddit. It was a joke until Buzzfeed made it something it wasn't supposed to be.
Makes me think quantum physics isn't that hard to learn.
That's really silly. My best friend still talks to me when he has gf, even when they bitch. Bros before hoes.
Amanda Steinberg sounds like a lovely lady if she informs these misguided souls to this extent.
This is without a doubt one of the stupidest articles I have ever read. While I am no fan of the Zelda series, it has its receipe that works and looks good. We all saw how well remaking something with an all-female cast worked for Ghostbuster.
And here I thought I was the only lazy mofo who did this.
Kinda sounds like the start of a Liam Neeson movie.
Can someone explain what I just read?
He has no friends because he uses fucking emojiis.
Yeah people will still call you a rapist, because there is no way someone ever made up rape stories.
I think I read somewhere that thats what some people consider "cool" on their cars.
Yeah because we should defintely regress back into medieval ages.
Not even for 1billion dollars, maybe 2billion bit certainly not 1 billion.
What do they have against imgur?
Crusades, witch trials, extermination of pagans, take your pick.
Are you really asking that? They look like cancer. People use them inappropiately and pretty much creep everyone with a brain out.
Emojii user detected
Not gonna bite.
Obviously in this instance OPs emojiis are ironic amd yes I am genuinely creeped out by them. Idk why. Whatever happened to good ol' 'xD' instead.
Have you heard of ifunny? It will alleviate your moos in seconds.
What about us attack helicopter? We are never correctly represented and always shown as being submissive to cis white males. I demand Link be an attack helicooter!
SMH when will SJWs learn to read more than headlines? You aren't paid less(thats illegal in most countries) You esrn less because of social factors.
Not an atheist, former Christian now Pagan. Fact of the matter is still that crusaders killed dozens of innocent children and women in the name of 'god'. It was also mostly about capturing Jerusalem as the Holy Land. Sure the Saracenes also did their fair share of killing, but does that mean the crusaders are excused? No, no it doesn't. Don't pretend like it was some sacred mission to rescue anyone. It was to push the churches agenda.
Explain the children crusade to me then. I am sure they were also quite fervously reclaiming land, that is until they all vanished in the name of their religion. Also pot calling kettle black much? Anyway I am done with this endless circlejerk of yours. Have a nice day.
&gt;smart Meanwhile they can't analyze studies correctly or listen to logical, proven arguments.
Seeing their typing I'd imagine they have an easier time believing we came from apes, they clearly never evolved.
Funny how you have to attack to me personally to prove a point, which actually only proves to myself that indeed all SJW and BLM activists are the same. No real arguments? Better attack the person itself. I kindly thank you for the demonstration and reasserting my beliefs with your close-mindedness and also proving my point of not being able to correctly analyze. Have a wondeful day. :)
I can't deny that. They ignore the logic they so claim to defend.
Fat person here. I agree, while I don't hate myself because I am fat, I don't say I'm healthy either. I'm a fat fuck, not proud of it but I at least attempt to change myself by going to the gym.
Do keep us updated then.
oh boy
Yeah being drunk doesn't make you do anything that you didn't already want, it just lowers the inhibition to a level where everything that speaks against sober you doing it, is merely background noise.
Delicious, bacony genocide.
Her tits are already out there afaik.
Well the bible does say to just pay 20silver and marry the bitch you rape and you'll be a-okay.
TRIGGERED
Well if she got preggers from the rape there is always herbal abortion too. Not a very detailed description in the bible, its there nonetheless.
Nah if she can still birth she is only taking testosterone and hasn't actually done the operation, meaning technically still a woman.
The description lol: &gt;get attacked Where? By them asking the protestors to leave the property? Fucking hilarious.
All hail immunity cat, our benevolent overlord.
It also should be noted that you might not ear candy thats been unwrapped for years, but a young freshly unwrapped piece of candy sure beats a wrapped one.
Being a fat person myself, believe me when I say we aren't all like that. I don't glorify it, I just live with it and try my best to exercise regularily.
Little bit of column A, little bit of column B most likely. Also suggestive camera angle+those shirts.
I kinda stopped watching after my favourite wrestler Eddie Guerrero died. Was just shortly befire CB went crazy, though I think I still saw the tribute to him before they knew he went psycho on his family. I saw glimpses of the new WWE here and there, but I was not impressed.
Old testament is still part of most bibles i've seen. Usually says 'Bible - New and Old Testament'. Obviously there isn't rape every 10 pages, there is still a lot of messed up stuff in it.
We got a new potential copy+paste, anyone got the text?
THE NOOKIE
Exactly what I thought. She probably just wanted a job for that.
Tyvm.
And stick it up your, yeah!!
True, I see incest puppies in her future.
Iirc Germany offers it regardless of time worked. You also aren't allowed to fire someone pregnant and have to reemploy when she was preggers at the time of her firing, even if the boss didnt know it.
SJWs have some pretty neat arguments, biatch.
I agree to a degree with you. There certainly are females capable of restraining criminals, the same as there are female soldiers who can meet field deployment requirements, but they shouldn't change regulations for those who can't. It's a risk to everyone. If a female can meet the same requirements as a male can, she should be allowed the same jobs. If she can't she is a liability.
Catboys are all erper.
*uses plunge and steals some of it*
You can turn off targeting players with your weapon out, it's under Character Config&gt;Filter iirc
*holds out some strips* Come on I know you want to.
I thank you kindly DRK bro, maybe one day these other peasant tanks can keep up with our plunge.
Oh I'm sorry I thought this was a cringe thread.
Isn't that the number one thing you learn in driving school? I k ow I did when I was trying for a license.
Don't forget Guthenberg, who made it possible to massprint books.
IMO if a female can pass the same requirements as they are right now, before any bs changes to it, they should be allowed combat roles. It trickles down to individuals, but why rob the military of some good soldiers if they actually meet the requirements?
It's sad that I thought for a moment this was a serious article and only the company name made me realize its satire.
German here, we have POC little people hiding in our kitchens who do all the cooking.
This is fucking hilarious.
Brand was originally a satire/protest brand but got its message demolished by hipsters who wore it.
Thank you :)
BILD is the Fox News of Germany so I wouldn't give them too much credit.
Where I'm from moszly hipsters wore/wear it. So I can only speak for that.
*England and Wales
If Scotland gets its independence, Northern Ireland will most definitely push for Unification more.
- Goods become more expensive - UK jobs pay less - UK citizens can no longer move to any EU country they like
It's called indirect democracy. The countries vote their representstives in and in turn those vote the leaders. Undemocratic would be if they were appointed without any votes, but they aren't.
If you're already rich, you get richer. Pound is on a height low after the vote, so people with assets in something else benefit.
You do know migrants are still there right? The pound has dropped 10% in the time it took for the votes to come out.
Quite optimistic I see. It's mere speculation that it will stabilize as well. Your country could well be facing another recession.
It's really not. You have no human rights act and those pesky spy bills that one of your politicians was trying to pass, will now be greenlighted. You have lost 360bln £ in one night. The UK is worth less now. The EU was protecting you from your government. Scotland and North Ireland will get their independence/unification respectively, meaning the UK will basically cease to exist. One of the leader of the leave moment admitted he has no idea what he is supposed to do after Brexit. He himself admits recession is a viable possibility. There is no plan for after Brexit.
Did I say my own speculation? Nope.
Whatever you say :) I made my point and see no further need to argue about this, have a nice day.
I agree. India has a massive equality problem. An indisn friend told me once women still are seen as their husbands property. These bs quotes will only hinder their movement and turn hostility towards women.
Welsh farmers were living of off subsidies from the EU. There is also the trade agreements, free movability, no export tax inside the EU. The UK doesn't have its own human rights act and was using the EU one(like a lot of EU countries do). Statistics show that educated parts of the UK voted for staying. Most Leavers were either old or poorly educated. Make of that what you will.
Thing is,she is projecting. she literally says: &gt;"Even I still think of myself as a freak sometimes. That means other people do too"
She claims asexuality with a hate for sex. So no worries there.
It does for the younger generation.
not really, but thank you. Have a wonderful day.
Citation needed.
Can you proof otherwise?
Pretty sure this is a joke. Though i don't know anymore in this world.
Seems like we are being taken over by whiny bitches.
Yeah but they wouldn't be safe there to write their cringy posts.
We shall dive deeper into this mystery,Clarence.
This looks terribly photoshopped.
His dad shot in a parking lot. It was hilarious. Everyone laughed.
He kimda missed the point of anonymous.
Socialism is just the way to communism. It's supposed to prepare and change the minds so communism can become reality, but humans being humans thats never going to happen.
Because they never entered in the first place. The EU is going to make an example out of the UK to dissuade any other cpuntry from leaving. They'll try to fuck them over at every turn.
Yes he totally chaimed her down(probably idk) to prvent her from helping her son or getring him to a hoapital.
It's so cringy how she looks absolutely out of her element. Could you not let my brain have thunk this was just a photoshopped picture?
Like MLB?
They do, I have both autocorrect and that turned off though.
Honestly Hillary would use racism if she could get away with it. Until recently she was against gay marriage. She changes her mind to suit her needs. I'm not american, but I'd rather see Trump than Clinton in the White House.
Nah, it's fine. If that's your opinion, thats your opinion. I think I'm a bit bitter about this because she got the endorsement of the LGBTQ representative instead of Bernie Sanders when he has been more vocal about it since the beginning.
Huh, TIL. That just proves my point then. Hillary uses all means to win. We don't know her true agenda. With Trump I figure he will mellow out after the election. He is probably somewhat of a bigot, but nowhere near the levels he portrays.
Maybe? If I did I can't remember it. I pretty much haven't changed since I was a child when it comes to my views. They have gotten a little less extreme and less naive, but overall I haven't changed my views to suit my needs I'd say. I could be wrong, but I can honestly say that personally I never felt that I did.
It's not even that really. It's the fact that she got more votes with that than someone who was, at least in his views and activism, constant. Bernie has been fighting for equality for decades and has always been right near the action.
As I mentioned in another post, I think Trump will mellow out quite a bit once he is president. Neither camdidate are all that much better than the other.
Scrill a bit further down. A different user showed an exMple.
Can we please keep it civil? Thank you.
Honestly, just link her to Christina Hoff Sommers video '5 Myths of Feminism'. I think she has two of them, but in one of them she adresses this myth about 1 in 4 or 1 in 5. Ms. Sommers is actually an old-school feminist fighting 3rd wave feminism by trying to inform them. She was the one Trigglypuff went apeshit on.
Yeah, she uses the dictionary definition instead of todays facts. 3rd wave feminism is cancer. We all know it, they can hide behind that definition all day long, doesn't make it true or them any less of a bigoted hate group.
That is quite xenophobic. Also I will not let you tell me what to do. Just because I am a foreigner, does not mean I am uninformed nor does it mean I can not care about the United States. Anyways, I hope you have a nice day :)
Classics, always bring a chuckle.
Pretty sure there are twinks fucking bears in some videos. Rule 34 applies to this principle.
We already have our rules, thank you but no thank you Neil Degrassi.
As someone who is a fat fuck, even I find these bs excuses.
That's exactly the problem with SJWs. They use feelings indtead of logic.
Congrats mate! You are absolutely right about that. Many of us just hide behind excuses instead of putting in the work. It's a slow process for some, but consistency works.
Christians for white children, I expected nothing less.
Silly you, thats sex not gender. You know two COMPLETELY different things. Genderphobe /s That being said some people might go to this in perosn to demand the X.
