That's an interesting angle to think of it from. There are two types of virtualization possible today, seperated into two types, based on how they work: * Type 1 Hypervisor - software virtualization, runs as a program from within another OS. Has very significant performance impacts and generally less customization. * Type 2 Hypervisor - a super slimmed down OS made just for virtualization is either laid down on the hardware from the date the system is stood up, or shimmed in between the previous OS and bare metal later. Hyper-V is a type 2 hypervisor. It's the free and awesome virtualizaion platform made by Microsoft, and built in (but not enabled by default) on Windows 8 and up). What you can do from Windows 8 and up is use your PC, get it configured the way you want to as your daily driver machine. When you're ready, Add the Windows Feature for HyperV. Now, some low level things happen. Hyper-V is turned on, and transparently becomes the actual Operating System running on your hardware (the 'bare metal' hypervisor, it is called). Your host OS, the OS you were running pre-Virtualization, becomes a special type of deified VM called the host partition, which is basically a VM which is able to see the physical devices on your computer. The cool thing about it is that you still log on to your host OS when you use the system, you just access child VMs using the Hyper-V application. Super cool, it's how myself and my colleagues do use-case testing for our clients all day, every day. Any future VMs created on the system are sometimes referred to a child partitions, and they can only see a subset of virtual references to these hardware devices. There do exist technologies to map a GPU thru the bare-metal to a child VM, for instance. Another common use case is to map certain harddrives or arrays of drives through to child VMs, commonly called pass-thru disks. You'll find that people readily attempt to hack out of the VM sandbox to touch the host OS, but Virtualization by its very nature with Type 2 HyperVisors almost inhibit it from the get go. Type 1 Hypervisors are much, much more susceptible to the sorts of attacks you suggest. So, I kind of rambled a bit, but you seemed to be interested in this sort of thing, so I hope you liked the read :)
&gt; If I use a more consumer friendly OS like any of the various Linuxes LOL. So, just to be clear, out of the box, all hypervisors will do a pretty good job of sandboxing VMs away from the host. The software hypervisors just do a worse job of it, because there already is an OS running on bare metal, and it's not them! Sometimes you need to pass-through physical devices to a VM, I was just giving you some use cases here. When you use those technologies though, your VMs become inherently less portable, because they become dependent on a given hardware configuration.
Microsoft currently sells through third party companies like Dell, and Hp a 'Get Genuine Kit', which is basically a 'sign here, don't do it again and give us $20' deal to go from illegitimate to legitimate Windows. I expect they'll use this mechanism again. Edit: just so you all know, we do NOT know how much the Get Genuine Kits will cost for Windows 10, should Microsoft go that route. It has been heavily suggested that it will happen, but nothing set in stone, yet.
Somehow this serves to make your TV look super small. I like it though!
What's the experience like, going VPN on a mobile? Do you have a big drop as the VPN reconnects when your phone changes towers? Are there any serious quality of life impacts I'll incur, moving to always VPN?
It is very, very common practice to block outbound VPN tunnels from within a corporate network. Before you think you could scale corporate notice, you should understand two things: * your VPN may never work while connected to the corporate LAN * your using a VPN would be a huge red flag and likely could start a series of events that would end in your termination It's super sketchy to VPN out from a corporate network, and if it even does work, many corporate services like email, chat and fileshare access could be impacted (broken) if your VPN establishes.
It's true, my wife and I have reconsidered travel because of the absurdity of our security theatre here in the states.
Remind me! One day.
Does she still have the eyeball?
All these do is make certain worms (which live in your lower gi tract) not want to live there any more. If a parasite doesn't live in your gut, if wouldn't work.
What is a modal? Is it like an interstitial?
Seconded! Pretty sure the game feature allows the phone to clock higher for longer. I turned it on today and noticed a ton of beat that I didn't feel yesterday.
I went to an Aikido exhibition when I was about 25 or so. A young lady, maybe fourteen or so asked if I wanted to try to throw her. I obliged, noting the soft and springy mats on the floor as I stepped towards her. I'm still not quite sure what she did to my arm, but when she had my wrist and twisted, it hurt so badly when I tried to resist her that I pretty much had to go with the motion. This involved me inadvertantly spinning in some crazy flipping motion, just like the guys you see here in this video. As it turns out, we're pretty much hard wired to avoid pain and will do almost anything to prevent permanent damage to our person, even if that means spiraling or twisting into bizarre shapes and patterns. I think that if I'd been willing to let her hurt my arm, sure, I probably could have punched her a few times or stomped her foot or something. For the avergae person, not accustomed to alarming amounts of pain in critical joints of your body? There's really no contest, they'll go flipping and whirrling around to get the 'Oh crap this is about to break' sensation to stop. My friends thought it was hysterical that a little girl could throw me all over the place, and really loved that I scurried away from her on my butt. I'm no dummy though, one time was enough.
Dude, them icons in your tray are out of control.
Totally agree, I don't really like most of the popular videos or posts here anymore, and YouTube does a much better job finding me bizarre videos that I can listen to while working. Frankly, this place is becoming a hive for talking about the content creators, not the content itself.
Just don't do what this guy did. I had two beers on my wedding, and still kind of regret that my cheeks are a bit rosey in some of the pics. I couldn't imagine doing this to my wife, frankly.
1. This one is super weird, even by EphermeralRift standards.
Hey guys, I didn't forget about you. I've finally finished my one-click Domain Controller build here on the ol' blog. If you haven't seen the series, that's fine, this is a great starting point for anyone interested in DSC, or who just wants to get a domain controller up and running in the minimal amount of time and worry!
Dint worry, you're not shadow banned. Here I just gave you a down vote.
... Do you see what's happening recently? I don't think they care much about the users anymore.
The tricky part as I see it is that you can only do partial configs when you have a pull server. That's not hard to set up, but its an extra layer of complexity. And then layering the configs is...bleh. It's like managing group policy inheritance with no Group Policy Management console. I feel like I'm working with the raw API and just hoping someone comes along to write to GUI for me to make this all easier. Build it, man!
Thanks! I feel like this is stuff I should be able to understand, and will need to understand, so I challenge myself to learn it enough to teach it to others. I actually learn a lot by presenting info to others, so it's a win-win, I think!
Now you can't say that anymore :p Just change the last line to reflect the name you want for your domain, and away you go! Remember to be careful though if you're on a production environmen.t You don't want your VM testlab DHCP trying to give out IP addresses to prod machines! For this reason, I recommend making your testlab on a private/internal network. If you want your testlab to touch the Web, add an external/bridged connection after you run the config, just to be safe.
Thanks!
Wow that's really cool? I take it you're an avatar fan too? E: just realized which sub I'm in
This is a super slick site. You dun good, OP.
Yeah, how do you display a gif until content has finished loading? Please blog this and link me when you do!
I went, and it was awesome! Everyone who does powershell is there and being all together in one spot, you can easily find a lot to talk about with anyone you happen to meet. Some of my friends from here, like Warren (/u/ramblingcookiemonster) were there as well. We had a great time seeing each other, as were a number of people you'd know from Twitter and PowerShell.org. So, from the people perspective, the crowd is wonderful. The presentations and sessions were absolutely top notch as well, tons of great material was covers from the 200 to the 400 level. We got a sneak preview of server Nano (a week before Ignite and build) and were shown some secret stuff way to the public at large. If you like PowerShell enough to post here, the summit should be your choice. After hearing what I heard about Ignite, I'd say it's the best Microsoft related conference (possibly tied with MMS, but only if you do enterprise client management). Honestly, Warren already gave a better answer than I, but the Powershell summit was fantastic, and I plan to go again next year, for sure!
Hi Tommy! Are you on Twitter? If so, I should totally be following you! E: nevermind, find and followed you! I remember meeting you at the summit! You did a great job on your write up, by the way.
Did you go this year?
If I wear a t-shirt, I ask myself if I'm letting myself go!
Is the oculus store available for other phones? I've got the LG g4, which could keep up!
Whoa, we're getting street fighter chars in smash bro? Turns out that was all it took for me to buy it! I'm kind of out the loop, is this a new title or likely to be dlc?
This monster and mother brains ultimate form gave me existential dread as a child. I couldn't escape the memory of them, their music, and just the sense of otherworldly horror. Especially the damaged animations for the nightmare fuel enemy.
Thanks for the reply. I was kind of afraid of that, I didn't know the gear headset provided more than just a more comfortable Cardboard experience.
I'd love some more info on what the new system will be like, Im hoping for a super charged portable system that easily docks with my tv when I'm home.
...uh...uh...awwwww :(
I forget now, do we not have a Coldhands character in the TV show?
Hey, one of you guys who are so good at theorycrafting. What does this really mean, if they're mentioning Benjen? I mean, Bran already made his way to old dead tree dude, so it's not like Coldhand's help is needed for that front.
The picture might coincide with new advertising materials for the show, which would make sense if he's using the phrase "doing a campaign" Think of it this way, Last year, game of thrones was popularized in advertising with their campaign showing the main characters [with half of their face blue](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0ytOBwiYIus/maxresdefault.jpg), to represent that anyone could die at any moment in the show. That's a campaign. It wouldn't have been unexpected for folks at HBO to contact the people who run various communities dedicated to the show and offer them super-high resolution graphics tailored to their site, to get everyone on board the same campaign. It helps unify the show in people's minds.
Do you work in the outdoors and need a super accurate rifle? Just curious as to what kind of job would necessitate a rifle like this.
Scary to see how many houses are left with the temporary jack posts in place.
I know some folks who say they're perfectly safe to be left as permanent supports, but I'd rather have a permanent post in place, myself.
Oh really? That's cool, I didn't know that!
OK, i don't remember the books, I guess. What's gonna happen with Balon and a bridge?
You think the trial is actually going to happen? No way! She's back in the castle, she'll use MountainStein and all of the dragon fire left in the city to wipe the faith militant off the face of the earth.
Seriously, the Unsllied have been getting torn up by rich suburban kids wearing Halloween masks. It's not been a great showing, recently!
Why did Dany have to poo in the book? I really don't rememer this.
An AI intelligence explosion. This is the sort of thing that has Bill Gates and Elon Musk afraid.
Thanks for saying all of that! When I met you at the time, I don't know how I failed to put the two together. You're pretty much the only Tommy I know who does PowerShell too!
I feel really free now, not having to know what's coming next. In a way, most of my enjoyment of the show was taintined by my book-knowledge. Now I'm just blissfully unaware and can guess my heart away. I personally don't think there is a chance Cersei wil stand trial. She'll probably immediately seize the role of the Hand, grab a ton of power and go on a mad rampage, which will be great television. I see her being driven to the brink of insanity by threats to her children and the desire for revenge. I think she'll eventually parallel Aerys, and choose to blow up the city with dragon fire. And I bet I know just who will have to kill her to make her stop.
WHOA!! That is an awesome theory.
Are any of the founders or devs at sourcefourge well known online figures? I'd wonder what they have to say about the communities views of their recent actions. Are they at all aware of their current reputation?
Don't forget to buy AIG right when they hit rock-bottom. It rebounded into the tens of thousands of percents from it's all time lows.
Hey, my shoes are 'nu buck leather', while my hair is soul les ginger, I'll have you know!
It's awesome for dev/test. If your company makes a web page or has a shopping cart service, for instance, you can have your whole build described in DSC. When you want to make test changes, spin up some VMs and apply your prod DSC config to test. Now make your changes and see what happens. If it looks ready to ship as production, apply your DSC config to Prod and see what happens! The best part though...if the new build fails, just reapply the old DSC config. It's like checking in your infrastrucure into a source control system.
I'm amazed that no one recommended shovel knight yet. Super fun game with an awesome chip tune soundtrack. Every song is the equivalent of the best song from the 8bit Era. Super fantastic soundtrack
The studio behind this game has made some really fun titles. A lot of what I'm seeing about this game makes me thing it was sources to this studio to allow for dev time for another metroid title. The 3ds is a natural choice for another 2d metroid title... I'm sure that we'll get one... Right? Any time now...
Awesome! I was really hoping Wed see it on the 3ds too!
Kindly thank you, please revert
Yep, you have to check in the ten people. Sometimes when I'm busy or in a rush, I'll pull out my 3ds in the morning, check in the ten folks at the plaza gate. That will let me have room to check in ten more people later. I then move my 3ds to another corner of the room, like the far corner from where it was, low to the ground or high to ceiling. The idea is to get it far enough away from where it was that it will be able to see the other APs other than the one it checked before. Then when I come back for the day, I'll play with my first ten people, then go back to the gate to let the next batch in.
Someone should just sell a preconfigured homepass for like $40 and rake in profits. It's pretty daunting to setup one on your own, I think, especially for the non-technical users among us. In fact, Nintendo should just sell these things.
I love gigantic monsters in games! Does Witcher III have super gigantic monsters to fight?
Isn't this kind of like litering? I mean, like a glacier receding, won't there by smushed can chunks and things like that left behind after this lava rolls by?
Yep. The key take away from this post is that if you want a TON of streetpasses, maybe grab a drink or hang out in the lobby of a Hilton hotel. They offer attwifi in all of their hotels, which means that every wifi access point, often dozens in a building, will be available. You can connect to each AP once every 6-8 hours for passes, so if you stroll around a hotel, you could easily get dozens in a few minutes. Aside from places like college campuses, gaming or other enthusiast conventions, gamer concerts, etc, this is easily the highest density of passes I've ever received.
Awesome photo! For thos complaining about auto-sharpening, just use your favorite image tool of choice and throw a soft focus filter, centered around the focal point of the image. It's like a ten second fix to the oversharpening problem.
Wow! Send that picture to the artist, he'd probably love it!
ATTwifi is a special use case, you'll auto sign into it, just like you do at the wifi at Starbucks and at Nintendo Zones/McDonalds.
It's one of the options on Googles front page, you can submit an image or a url to an image on the Web. I personally use tineye, which is a free reverse image service
I hate reading comments like the one I'm about to type, but you three guys were very funny.
Police volunteer groups and other first response groups (I'm a member of one, actually) are not distributed handguns. However we still retain the right to carry a handgun, should we choose to. That being said, we're absolutely forbidden from trying to pose as police, and any shooting especially one with so many people would probably be documented somewhere.
In these true stories we curate here, everyone always gets a crisp new $100 bill. Since we're sure these tales all 100% happened (we've got a team of top men, working the moderator control center around the clock, under Ronny Johnson 's leadership, and they wouldn't allow an untrue tale) we combine the two into $100%
Their real loosers
Actually, everyone was dropping pins. You could hear $100‰ pins drop.
Sorry, but to clarify, at a trillion dollars per year in cost, what would be the projected UBI payment per person a year, and could you give me some examples of the restrictions? What I'm seeking to learn: * at 1 trillion a year, how much does the average Joe receive? * any restrictions you could think of, like earning limits to still receive the money,for instance. Do you guys think this would have an inflationary effect on the dollar? If everyone suddenly had n + 30,000 dollars, would the price of good increase substantially?
That's way less than $30k a year. Did I miss something from this blog post, or was the author a bit, uh, incorrect in her math?
Just a head's up, I was wrong on my figures before so I updated my comment. The tax rate should have said &gt;Does it make sense that you pay the same percentage of tax from $55k $75k all the way up to $285k $145k? I think not, especially considering the tremendous gulf of tax shelters available to people on the bottom end of that bracket.
Nice work, Warren. I've also been afraid of ps1xml files myself. Since you're bravely forging ahead, could you write a modern example of making modules and how I should be doing it? Currently, I just put a bunch of ^function ^declarations ^^in ^^a ^^text ^^file ^^^and ^^^save ^^^it ^^^^as ^^^^^.psm1.
Here are a bunch of report tutorials on the MSDN site. I've looked over them and they look like a good starting point. https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd239338.aspx
Also, I must say that your site loads lightning fast now. Good work!
Thanks for the shout! Yep I'd be happy to help!
What was a 'smarty drink'?
They'll just give you a curriculum and make you study and teach yourself. Our teaching strategy of having lectures literally stems from medieval times in which there was only one copy of a book, so the class would take turns reading it. People do not learn in depth technical content, especially the skills needed to create just by listening. If you need someone to Crack the whip and grade you to force you to study, that's cool, you know how you operate. But for something as popular as Unity, you can learn a lot from the community, and you can do it!
You guys submitted that to an attorney? Its all over the map in terms of tone and proper voice. Still, she sounds like a challenge to work with.
I was trying to encourage you to pursue your dreams. I hope you can do it :()
I do have a family. When you look at the gradation between the brackets, it seems crazy to me that I would pay only 3% extra from 75k to 226k, thats the whole point I'm trying to convey.
Well, the future likely will not function on our current economic system...right guys? I mean...we can't just keep doing this forever.
&gt; This is by far the largest battery to be installed in a smartphone so far Good writing, gotta love these four sentence blog posts.
Thanks for the summary, as I did miss the link there.
OK, I clicked throught the link and started watching Nekomonogatari. WTF is going on? Is this a sequel to something else?
There are fiber lines running up into Cobb county, so it might happen!
Graphene can do anything, anything except leave the lab.
I had a Ford rental last week, and my wife asked me if I was riding a horse when I called her.
No, sorry, it was not my original content :)
I met an interviewer that I found on Monster.com. Drove an hour in the rain to get to a Panera sandwich shop by the recruiter. When I was there, he asked me to pay for his food (I said my wallet was in the car), at which point he 'found' his money. We then sat down and he began to tell me about QuikStar. After a minute or two, I figured out what this was all about, and stood, saying 'you were very ingeniuine in the listing on the job board. If you want to hire people for an MLM, just be open about it. I wasted two hours coming out here tonight, that's not cool. Merry Christmas' and left to go drive home.
This response is especially amusing given that you said previously: &gt;But I also tried to break the concept that you could only get large raises by finding a new position. By telling your staff to seek out and take other offers, aren't you actually reinforcing this myth? And I'm sorry, I'm not trying to antagonize you over this. I know this is reddit and a pointless discussion, but I'm honestly a bit perplexed by your views.
When we're discussing naming confusion, we're talking--largely--about the average consumer/parent. Gamers like you and I heard about the Xbox One always on stuff, but most of the public? They do not follow gaming news at all. If you're imagining the typical clueless parent, they hear their kids ask for something, maybe spend ten minutes looking it up on Amazon, then decide to buy it. For them, this naming confusion is a big deal.
No more Ghibli? Did they close the studio?
Can we be friends? I live in Marietta, my wife and I love the Lord of the Rings. Heck, we have murals in the house of Rivendell and the Argonauths, and our wifi SSID is called 'Hobbiton'. We even got married to the song 'May it be' from the OST. I promise we're normal :D
OK, how the heck did Matt Smith get out of the Pandorica? Didn't he let himself out of the huge box? I felt like I barely understood the next whole episode, as I was trying to puzzle that out. Also, why does the change from Tennant to Smith seem like the upgraded all of the cameras, hired new directors and generally did a much better job of visually staging and filimg the show? Tennant's era kind of looked like crap most of the time.
Thanks for the great answers! it's sad to me that Tennent didn't get to experience the more serious visual producution style and excellent vEffects that Matt Smith had for his whole run.
Been using Reddit Relay / previously Reddit News, how does Flow compare?
Hey man, it's four months later. Did you make any progress? It'd be hella cool for you to pursue your dream of commercial volume sleuthing, and that'd make a great story at any tech or engineering interview. I'd pretty much hire you on the spot!
I'm sorry then, you're right, and I totally misinterpreted your response. Surely you can understand my confusion then :)
I wrote it up, here! http://foxdeploy.com/2015/05/04/super-fast-walkthrough-running-win10-preview-on-raspberry-pi-2-and-whats-it-like/ TLDR Summary : &gt;Plug in, connect network and boot. Done. It takes forever to boot, like five mins. You’ll first see a random Blue debugging screen with some clickable elements that don’t actually work. &gt;Eventually you’ll end up on a page like this, showing you the IP to manage this bad boy. &gt;Remote PowerShell works, just add the PC to your trustedHosts like using the WSman Cmdlets, and if you’re remoting from Win10, disable the PS ReadLine module (it will cause errors). For more info, follow the guide here. Remoting performance to the Reaspberry Pi is very, very slow. VERY slow. But it’s a work in progress. You can do it...but Nano is a weird beast. So far, there doesn't seem to be a way to interact with the MPIO pins from PowerShell. For that, you have to write a headless c# application. Once you write it though, you can easily wrap it in a function that takes params and use that to interact with the pins. In theory. I've got a blog post cooking with an advanced walkthrough of making a simple C# Raspberry Pi application, then wrapping it in a PowerShell function. It's on the back burner while I teach a couple of PowerShell classes through the end of summer.
Agreed. I, for one, would love to see a WMI or CIM class that interacts with the GPIO pins.
I wrote that very poorly. I was thinking multiple save states, which would be nice to have. You are write, you can in fact make a Save State.
How much money was squandered making Dobby-Tennant, for instance?
First you get the board...then you need a case. Then a carrying bag. Then some extra SD cards. Before you know it, you're building a Pi Cluster and refusing to go to work, dodging Pi Repotrucks and leaching electricity off of the Waffle House bathroom at 2:00 AM.
Whoa, how does this PushBullet friends thing work? I can add Pushbullet to my wife's phone and send her stuff from my own phone?
"An app is down, better reboot the whole VM host" WTF?! Who thinks like that?
I added a link to my original post. They got up to 1.5 PETABYTES before drives started failing! Also, it wasn't Tom's Hardware but [TechReport instead \(link to report\)](http://techreport.com/review/27062/the-ssd-endurance-experiment-only-two-remain-after-1-5pb)
I captured him then immediately lost interest in wow and stopped playing
Make one of echeyakee and sell it to me, please!
Huhwahwhey with a very short huh. It's actually hwah
My message to you has been to stop worrying about it. You'd have to intentionally be doing stresstests to ever approach the actual hardware failure rate. Unless you're doing that...don't worry about it. If you use tools like CrystalDiskInfo, you can see the amount of data written...but why bother? It's not going to impact you.
They're almost always called a field or hunting jacket. I got a very sharp one for like $40 at JCPenney, of all places
I've worked with semi biggish WordPress instances, and it's easy to have even a team of people, dedicated to approving comments and even posting as other people. He likely has two or three people helping him.
Good for him. He doesn't owe us anything.
How are the Witcher books?
Is Asus bad?
It takes roughly ten times the power to emulate something. So the 3ds running a port of dosBox, on a different architecture, and running Windows within that is frankly magical.
Throwaway and share the details
How much is a p? Is that a pence? Yall still use pences!?
Uh, is my cell phone automatically considered to be a metered connection?
Til that more than 100 incidents perpetrated by 400 guys is simply a molehill.
Give me the link
People are very unhappy as Lucky repeatedly mentioned, as recently as last month, that they're targeting 'around $350' or somewhere 'in that ballpark'. Most people wouldn't expect that to imply nearly double the amount referenced, and it was likely obvious to Lucky that they couldn't commit to that pricing months ago. Probably unwise to keep people's mental pricing anchored to such an unreasonably low amount. Conversely, the silent treatment we're getting from HTC makes a lot of sense.
Microsoft sells them to employees for $25, which is probably still a 20% markup, so yeah, I think $50 is a healthy profit margin.
This and the Rift, It's absolutely revolutionary, not sure why folks can't just budget about the price of a game a month, if they'd really like one.
Probably not, as Javascript is not likely to execute against the kernel the same ^i^don't^know^^^whatIm^talking^about
Do you have a blog?
What's bad about the xps15?
&gt;You are now mine, uh, if you want to be.
He was great as a dangerous glass cannon tearing shit up in Latin America in Soldier X. And he was cool dying from his techno organic virus. The coolest possible depiction on screen would be him being torn to pieces by the TO virus and ripping Apocalypse to shreds as Cable's last dying act. Plus he comes along with the whole Askani lore, and they're super cool too, so there's a lot of potential there.
I live in the suburbs of my town, and felt safe as I gradually dialed up the size of the explosion, using the presets. I had no idea some of those doomsday weapons existed. Such a horrific yield... I felt a sense of dread seep into my bones...
You should have down voted yourself.
You're at negative 2k+ karma and counting for this thread!
Congratulations, you played yourself.
It's so cold that the engine could lose a lot of heat due to convection alone.
I live in Georgia, and we get it all the time, too.
Sounds like the recruiter was asking if you knew what a table header is.
Wheels on Meals was so funny, one of my favorites. There's a new drunken master?!
Assault is yelling, battery is beating someone up.
ohhh....awww I was so excited :(
Dude, it's a body shop, those items are wayyyyyyyyyyyy too much for him and the budget he's likely to have.
I'm sorry if I came across poorly, I was on mobile and really groggy. The point I was trying to impart is that you don't have to stop at a crappy experience with inept service people. It should have been immediately apparent with a message like 'it's been a week and you've said nothing, I'll assume you're happy now' that these folks really can't do anything for you. If you need help finding the right people, let me know. Something like this issue you're experiencing might be a very big unreported story, and you could help get the word out about it.
My Tiburon overheated constantly, for years, and it was always the hoses or this or that. Finally, I decided to replace the radiator with an all aluminum racing style radiator. Never an issue again. Very easy install too.
Username means transient data transfer error, right?
Cows chew the grass, pulling milk out of the ground as they do it.
I bought a pair of SuperDry commander blue jeans back on black Friday, they look absolutely gorgeous, but they're tighter than 511s. My knees ache when I wear them, and there isn't enough give for me to kneel. I felt ecstatic to put on some Levi whatever model from Target, after a day of suffering in my SuperDrys.
I've been a ConfigMgr Consultant for four years now, I've never heard of cleaning up WSUS before. Do you guys do this? What's the impact of it, and why is it needed? Maybe hardware is so good now that I've not noticed the need to do this before now.
&gt;20 years earlier *due* to Had to read that sentence over and over to understand it. Sounds like the rest of that night probably wasn't so much fun.
I remember doing this in the quest with Echeyakee the white lion. Always my favorite pet, so I would hide somewhere safe and warg into him then prowl around the area where he spawned. So much fun chasing lowbies around.
I liked making magic food, is that still in the game?
Wow, I completely forgot about that place. They wouldn't let me in once because of my shoes!
Ahh, that explains a lot. I only ever configure updates for the current OS deployed with SCCM, and a subset of Office products, and then only Critical and Security updates, as most clients don't care for the other types of files. This would explain why I've not been impacted yet. Thanks!
You're Reframing the argument, which isn't what we're talking about here.
I'm working on this in powershell, to run natively on Windows systems. Will update here when done
I'd move the `drink beer` step up to ~ Step 3. Ideally, you want to be hitting the Ballmer Peak right around the restore :p
In my opinion $25 is a very small fee anyway I'm not sure why this is such a big deal.
How is it noticeable? I've never seen one but I'm theorizing that a monitor capable of more than 60 refreshes a second could therefore render more than 60 FPS in a game. Otherwise it doesn't matter what your gpu is capable of, you're stuck with the physical ability of the monitor. Is that right?
Fire something three moon tsu ha mu I got nothing. What's it mean?
I used to work in a call center for four years! The call software would tell us if you verified with the challenge or not, so we wouldn't have to ask so many questions. However, when trransfeing from one department to another, that information can become lost, and the same can happen if you go deep into one prompt tree then escape back to the root menu. I'm super judgmental of the operators when I call into a call center. It's an easy job.
Today, the GPO to disable the Windows Store only works for Education and Enterprise SKUs of Windows. Our fix is removing the Windows Store app itself during our provisioning process (SCCM Task Sequence). Two lines of PowerShell.
We just remove the store during the imaging process.
LTSB is only available to those with an ELA. He could use the Server Trial, or ask for Charity Licensing to use it.
Should have clarified. We DO have Enterprise Windows, but this still leaves you with the Windows store icon in the task bar and on the Start Screen. Furthermore, users can click it but get a message that 'this item is blocked by group policy'. So, to get around this we remove it during imaging. However, I do have SMB customers and they use MDT to deploy images...and are totally going to get boned by this GPO Change.
Plenty of companies run with a full AD deployment, with their own WSUS, but don't run Enterprise. I know a lot of folks work only in the Enterprise market, but SMBs by and large do NOT have Volume Licensing or Software Assurance.
I played Dance Dance Revolution in Japan before it came to the states. That's all I've got.
Is this a popular company? Never heard of them before
What an unsafe looking lab area. Broken glass, dirt, and then a full tank of oxygen next to propane.
Didn't think I'd ever be cheering for Theon Greyjoy. Chin up buddy, it's OK.
Wow, that sounds really weird. As a Sunbro, I wonder if I could throw lightning bolts with it!
This was a really funny joke from Microsoft's part at the MVP Summit last year. We'd all been really tearing into them for the way Windows 10 updates were being deployed, then in one of the hallways, this sign appeared. I think it was retweeted into the hundreds of times.
The Braves moving to Nashville? Horse shit, that would never have happened.
I'd love to vote in Mike Boyce to show my disapproval, but he has only 65 twitter followers. This is really bush league, and raises questions about his organization
Are Levi's 511's not a thing anymore? I absolutely LOVEEE mine, but they're listed as discontinued on Amazon now :( https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00WLLW9IM/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1
If you don't do this, there's no telling what might break. For instance, I forgot to update the ADK for one customer and found that USMT just wouldn't work, period at all. #You must update.
That's shit though, because this is one of thos classic From Software 'why the hell did that happen' moments.
I like the talking and stories, but don't like the clicking, subvocalization sounds.
What's the wire coming out of the top of your case?
What you're describing is blogging. There's no need to bring stack overflow into it, if you find the solution, write it up!
This is my favorite kind of reply. I suspected that 200ft was dangerously close to a rocket but didn't know precisely why or how it would be so. Thanks for the info. Do you know if anyone's ever simulated the effects of such exposure to a human?
What's this strange sensation? Is it...hope? Returning?
\#MalkavianMasterRace
That's a low incidence rate! But isn't that rate still responsible for cancer (I. E. Cancer is caused by errors in DNA replication)? If that's the case, that makes you wonder how often the cells in a body will replicate in a normal life span.
Sounds like a cancer fixing mechanism if I've ever heard of one, but I have no idea if it's possible to develop such behavior and then induce it into cells.
Thanks, I fixed the top URL.
If you note the section on the bottom, I'm accepting challenges. Share the task with me and I'll see how we can script this.
Full body shivers watching that one. This captures something I thought I'd forgotten about myself, my boyhood dream of adventure.
Me too. Gigantic monsters in every game. They're my favorite thing.
Does ionizing radiation affect inanimate objects? If so, you'd think radiation from the sun would quickly cause a structural collapse for a space elevator
This is more a bunch of different tactics you can use to download video files, some of which involve PowerShell. Youtube-dl is mostly for downloading Youtube files, I don't know if you could use it for other video services.
You could use Fiddler to record a session of connecting to the page with the video you want. when everything has loaded, start recording a session and then click play. Record that network traffic and try to replay it from PowerShell and see if the response is a bunch of video files. If so, then save them.
When the Microsoft portal updates (probably on Monday or Tuesday) you'll have the option to order a professional print of the certificate. They look super nice. I have a couple, you should definitely do it for your first cert. I think it's $10 maybe? They have some other goodies you can get too but none are that cool, IMHO.
Does it charge via a hand crank or something? The compromises this device makes (garbage chipset, old wifi standards, probably terrible storage performance too if they keep with the pattern) have totally dissuaded me from it.
Health soft cap? I'm at 26 or 7 and it seems like each point gives a much smaller amount of health than before.
You do like zero damage to him, even with a +8 weapon!
Me either. Gamer my whole life and always looked forward to VR. Then I tried on the rift and became immediately sick when the camera moved without me turning my head. It wasn't just a shirt lived sickness. No, it was nearly a day of feeling waves of nausea. This is why the military prohibited pilots from flying or driving within 24 hours of VR.
