How did she go from white lady to black lady? Did she go to the tanning salons every day? How did she get her hair like that? Sorry for sounding so naive but this story is so weird.
Is your Dad Kris Kristofferson?
I've been really upset about the massacre in SC this week. This photo made me cry but it gave me a little relief that the world was still good.
I made some chicken stock this week which I froze. I brought my cornish hens to be slaughtered last weekend and the guy who was doing the gutting told me that the feet were full of collagen, Glucosamine chondroiten, and protein. So with some trepidation, I googled chicken feet broth and stewed some cleaned and scraped feet for an entire day with spices and some veggies. Actually tasted real good!
The pic was as good as a hug.
Well I had some friends looking over my shoulder and saying the same thing and I had second and third thoughts about it but in the end it tasted great. It has alot of protein, condroytin for joint repair and collagen so it has some redeeming factors.
That is a great picture!
Bernie don't need no rentalcrowds.
But its so true...never ever ever ever say the n-word...never...but go ahead and say something like "well they get very emotional when stopped by police b/c its in their blood you know..to run and get emotional.." or "they can dance so much better than white people".... That's okay. I hear this veiled form of racism all the time...its the difference between the race and the rest of the world.
Wait till he debates Hillary...he'll really be in the news then.
If you ever saw the old movie "The Terminator", the robot was single minded.. He never wavered from his mission. Nobody could argue with him...he just kept hunting for his intended victim. Bernie is a little like that robot in that he is single=minded. He never wavers or asks "gotcha" questions. He stays on course and like the terminator robot, just pursues his goal. The debate moderators will have no problem with Bernie...its those other guys that need to worry.
...and mrs Botox Clinton? She looks young?
Its his message that resonates with people. Not his looks.
So then vote for that slick Ted Cruz!!! He looks like a sleazy version of Bill Murray.
She may have had a thyroid condition. One of my ancestors was photographed with big bulging eyes.. she died very young. High thyroid runs in our family.
Naw...just drop a ton of dog poop on them.
Senator from TX serves a term in Senate... Shuts down govt...goes immediatly to Iowa to begin campaigning for Prez... and Bernie is a cuck??
There is a party going on in Oregon wildlife refuge you might be interested in attending..bring your camo pajamas.
Perhaps if Black or Muslim guys were to wear plaid flannel shirts, cowboy hats and develop big guts and then and only then illegally occupy a federal building and wave guns to protest something, then maybe the federals would be nicer to them.
As a native born Vermonter I would hope that the audience would attend, politely say nothing as he spoke and gesticulated, at the end, say "aya" or "nice day for it"....get up and leave.
Where the french fries at?
Hillary is a study in how to live a life that is totally rehearsed.
Poultney....no that is Cambridge church.
He seems to be channeling Spencer Tracy.
"I pledge allegiance to the billionaire.....(I like that..shows how dumbazzed his followers are)
So just sit and say nothing....I thought it was Sanders who was supposed to be the communist.
But Donald is gay don't you know. Look at his Liberace hair.
That was 8 years ago. That was then...this is now... Americans are much wiser to the fact that the system is rigged...both Repubs and Dems agree on that.
I know... but I have lived in countries that are much more corrupt and people not so nice....believe it or not.
Not so sure.. If Bernie doesn't get the nod, so many dems that gave $$$ to Sanders will be really really lower than a snake in a ditch. I can't stand Hillary personally.
You have a point. If Hillary is the nominee, I won't pay much attention to politics anymore.
I thought she looked just like Kathy Bates in "Misery". She had the ax under her seat.
why hasnt' this stupid debate started? Why do they have the wrong time on the bottom of the screen?
They keep talking Hillary.. Its Bernie.
He makes paperwork errors ....he just admitted it. I wouldn't have him for my lawyer
Dreams come true
They???? Who are "They"?
This debate scares me.. these guys are mean. They hate people. Nikki is slimed for what she said about Trump. they accuse each other of doing something as if its illegal or against the RNC state. They call Bernie a commie.. these guys are more representative of what I heard the cold war Soviet Union was like.
Fuck you Kasich!
Cruz is just as bad...Cruz is a pompous, dishonest Arschloch..(Sorry can't spell it.)
The only thing Obama wants from you Rubio is them black pointy high heel boots you wear.
Christie just hates Obama. Everything that has happened is Obama's fault.
I want Rand too... only sane one
Nobody misses Carly.
These guys think ISIS is like communism back in the 1950's...this unseen evil among us... be scared everyone. The commies(ISIS) will get you if you don't elect me.
I'm sure he will be saying something on what Rubio said.
Well that's one very good retirement plan
...and its Reilly on the Moor...Reilly on the moor....
I thought R Maddow said it best..."your campaign lit its hair on fire".
From what I have read about Hillary and the Clintons in general, there is nothing that doesn't get by them.. They knew all about this attack on Bernie's med records. They are control freaks who need to know everything.
Saw Debbie Shultz with her girl Hillary... She ain't even near Sanders.
I thought he stood up well with Clinton glaring at him while he criticized her ties to Wall Street.
Sanders should have brought that up. Two can play at flip flops
I loved O'Malley telling the Queen she wrapped herself in 9/11 in the first debate.
....and the fact that the Big Dog has groped and felt up more women that Cosby. Thy'll bring that to the table too.
Why should she be liked?
Has any commentator, blogger, newservice or anyone for that matter stopped to imagine what a presidency under D Trump would be like? Sheer chaos would be my best answer but others more informed may have a better answer.
That leghorn must be a big girl!!
$25 !!! So much for starving artists.
I was in the barn feeding the chickens. The radio was on in the corner of the barn. as I poured the layer mash into the trough, I suddenly heard this screeching voice from that corner above the din of chickens clucking . I cringed and the bucket of mash shook in my hands and the mash fell all over the floor. Fucking Palin. ...That mash is expensive.
"I take Wall Street Money.. My husband takes Wall Street money...my daughter married a hedge fund manager, the President who I love dearly all of a sudden takes Wall Street money......." Vote FOR ME!!
Some of the imagery in Blood Meridian. It is a slow moving story but the story of the cowboys turned scalp hunters in Mexico in the 1840's is a compelling read. The Judge is just about the creepiest person in the world.
IMHO I think people are a little tired of the Clintons. Bernie although old in years seems to have fresh ideas. If he were to be president, I'm sure he would be influential in getting American income inequality fixed. I think his idea of instituting tuition free education a great idea. chine right now is changing their economic structure to innovation and less manufacturing...we should too.
They are changing their economic system by just an edict. In this country we have to have consensus... they do not. That's why the stock market has pivoted. They don't want to make our baseball caps anymore for some reason :)
She wrote the book "PR 101"
But the allegations are known by anyone who opens a news site. Why didn't she have a response if she has nothing to hide. She is running for president for gods sake...not signing books.
If I gave someone big bucks for 3 speaking engagments....I would expect something in return...anyone or any business would
I'm going to put this on my homepage.
You don't think taking $675,000 in 3 speaking engagements by Goldman Sachs was not just a little over the top? You don't think they will expect something from you? $675,000 is a hell of a lot of money to most people living in the USA. "HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!"
Why did Chuck Todd NOT as Hillary on Meet the Press this morning about reparation to descendants of slaves in America.....but yet, asked Bernie about it? Why is Hillary so eager to do hit pieces on Sanders and have Chuckie ask hard ball questions of him?
....well that too... he was born a son of a Holocaust survivor from Poland who spent time in a Kibbutz in Israel.....but he likes the Palestinians...another hit piece from Hillary.
Bring some big gulps.
But people know the Clintons by now and know they are ruthless. There isn't much love for the Clintons anymore. That went out with the 90's. And we all know what happens when you elect a Clinton....the Repubs come in next.
jeez I hope it was wood you were burning in your pile. My neighbor typically burns some questionable stuff.
Yes
Its a toss-up between chicken biryiani and paneer and creamed spinach..(I forget the actual name of it)..
Does the little guy at the bottom keep the birds away from the tomatoes?
We do have things pretty good here. Hell... I live near a Wegmans. But try seeing a doctor in a hurry...try starting a business....try going to college almost anywhere other than a community college....I know I don't have to go out a hunt squirrels in the morning to survive....but I'd like America to be better.
Possibly b/c Woodstock VT is an exclusive town owned by out-of-towners who have big wallets.
That's it!
If this woman gets the nomination, this will be the most apathetic election of all time.
She's her own worst enemy... She dodged bullets in Sarajevo airport, completely over engineered and micro managed the first health care effort during the Clinton admin, had a terrible campaign in 2008 that was badly managed....yes... bring her on...
Might as well be Bernie... they ain't gonna vote for her either.
Ms Clinton's heading to Wall Street strongholds to fundraise isn't embarrassing I guess.
Teddy Roosevelt did it in the early part of the last century.. So you are saying that its too unrealistic for it to happen again. In the face of everything right now...I think Sanders has some cred b/c he says its up to US to break up the big banks. Its part of his revolution theme.
Its not a personal attack. He is trying to point out that she takes money from billionaires and is beholden to them...while he is beholden to nobody. Big difference...he's trying to point it out..
Hillary going to both Philly and Wall Street investment palaces to raise money by $1000 a plate dinner is not pandering? Funny... I think that's what the dictionary calls pandering.
Ahhhhh.. Trumpie is raising money thru "Wounded Warrier" org....they are being investigated for using funds for parties at very expensive hotels in vacation spots. He' s just doing it to be badassed...usual Trump shit.
Ahhh... without Glass Stegall that banks are free to back high risk ventures of almost any type. With the notion that we as American taxpayers will bail them out again, the sky is the limit for "hedging bad bets (which in many ways are the foundation of our 401K's)"....Goldman Sacs is a racket game and not a bank...at least not with you in mind.
Iowa is not tailor made for him.. Its largely a conservative state. He is backed by private donors. Hillary is not backed by private donors. she uses money from billionaires to fund her campaign...and ultimately fund them.
cut it out!!!!
Take a look at some of the dialogue between Trump and Cruz.. That is personal attacks.
Goobers gonna win!
He doesn't give a f___ about anybody but his own image. Watch the documtary sometime when you have a few minutes... http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1943873/ Then go ask those Scots what they thought of Trump's version of kindess is to people w/o money.
Its particularly grating to me... I watched her from across the street a few months ago when she went at night w/o announcement to another big benefit dinner with Corning Inc's top chiefs who are all Republican and not ashamed of letting everyone know about it. They were hedging their bets I guess.
He is the only one up there that makes any sense.
Someone should make a political ad with that vid.
God he's begging..
Read this: https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/43crex/the_hillary_clinton_record_updated/
But women like Bernie. Hillary is polling not so well with women.
Its not about "him"...Hillary is about "her"....but Sanders represents "us". He hasn't promised anything really. He just keeps saying "we can do this...we can educate our young so they will have jobs of the future...we can have health care as a basic human right like most of europe...we can do alot....if "we" revolt against the status quo of which Hillary is very much a part. I feel he represents a fundamental shift from away from oligarch power running this country. I hope he will win. I'd like to see this country move towards a brighter future.
I've got one right in my district...I super asshole and I'll bet he has Bernie's picture on a dartboard in his house. He would get far further with Hillary than he would with Bernie which isn't saying much. So you vote for old Hillary who just loves those bankers and I'll vote for Bernie who I've known (not personally) since the 70's back in Burlington. He's a good guy and worth a second look.
...and a crook
If she is so much for the people, then I don't understand what she does with all that $$$ she gets from corporations as "gifts". She must really like money more than people I guess. ....and power.
Oh please Hillary... Please leave our country alone. Take your millions and leave...and take bill with you.
You are so blind.
ONe word...media
Politico is pretty good. It has a republican lean but I still like it. Then there is just plain google news. Its a very strange election and I find it easier sometimes to try and get above it and see what's going on. I think Sanders is a positive force in this political cycle and proved that the little guy can run w/o resorting to selling their souls to WallStreet. I do think to that he proved that if Americans really want change as Obama promised, then its up to them to make that change happen. I think perhaps Hillary will win although sometimes I still hold out hope for Bernie. The next pres election should be really interesting after this one. It has set the stage for a terrific sequel.
I told my cousin and her husband to do early voting. FeelTheBern!
My heart bleeds for ya!
I will be very interested to read a well written book on the Obama presidency and what went on behind the curtains and who he really was. Personally I think he was a good president but seemed sometimes to be more involved with his own legacy than the welfare of Americans. But that is my opinion onlhy.
Keep speaking strong schoolgirl. You and Bernie can move mountains.
Hillary gave a speech today and Huffington Post calls it a brilliant speech. She says if we vote for trump we will have a nuclear war. What a change from the old Obama message of hope and change. What a clear reversal from the hope that Bernie promised. What a change to fear and loathing on the campaign trail. I wish Hunter Thompson was alive to write about this one.
Because he's good.
hope so.
Love it. I wanted so much to look like Emma Peel when I was a kid!!!
So do "i(I)".
He comes from VT. All my uncles hunted. Vermont is rural and hunting has always been a tradition. I know nothing much about guns but I would always trust Bernie's judgement and I'm a f'ng liberal.
Why wasn't this shit covered in the media? A social network predator hunt was pretty despicable of her. I don't know why this was not brought to everybodys' attention.
He continued the bail outs that Bush began to prop up the economy in order to prevent a 2nd depression period. He began Obamacare which is not perfect but still far better than what we had. He has instituted programs to slow global warming, the list goes on and on.
Yes. It was pathetic as trump said. It was a scare speech. She is so lame.
After watching this, I reviewed Hillary's wonderful great strong robust (according to media) speech she gave yesterday and there is no comparison. She is a walking depression compared to Bernie.
Her speech yesterday was a sad sad statement of all the crap to come. If we vote for Trump we get a radioactive war. What a wonderful statement. It is so promising. Let's all get on board the Clinton train where the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
Heard more about Clinton scandals and wrong doings than Bernie.
Read again. The truth hurts.
Alot of negative comments. My own feelings are what the lady with the green contacts and chiseled pulls said yesterday and what trump will say about her will be all we are going to hear for 3 solid miserable months. And yes, nothing about Americans and jobs and climate change. Just mudslinging over and over all summer long.
Clinton's ideas are worse than Trumps.
Go get your Clinton quarters. She is one of the worst and most pathetic candidates in our history.
He is wholesome and honest. She is a lying snake in the grass.
Perhaps he sees something in Clinton that he knows is not trustworthy.
Sort of like Mussolini being a bit better than Hitler
He kept us out of war. He was known for his peacemaking contributions.
You are saying war is in the global interest of the US? What a wrong headed statement. War is in nobody's economic interest. War costs...and its a high high cost that should in almost all cases be avoided.
She is famous for her scripted appearances. She doesn't step out of her room wi/o consideration to dress, talk, to-do list. She is all script and no soul.
This election is going to be "contested" for the next 4 years. The whole process and the DNC's corrupt behavior will be remembered by many many new voters. Go figure.
Many new voters can't stand Clinton. That's why.
There is nothing new in this that hasn't already been told about the Clintons. Same old lying grifters.
The speech just made me depressed as hell. Its going to be this kind of scary talk junk all the way to November.
You nailed that one.
At 74 and one of the only honest .Senators in the senate, I'd say he's hardly needing attention. He makes the other two career 1%er's look pretty lame.
I didn't know she had any.
I think this might be it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ9nOUbomS0
That's why Bernie keeps asking for those transcripts of Hillzy's 250,000 bank speeches. They gotta be great reading.
IMHO I think Sanders wants to stay away from the shitslinging but I do think if Clinton is elected, this stuff ain't going away.
I understand. Trump makes me want to vomit but Hillary and Bill back in the White House does not give me a warm fuzzy either.
Understood.
Have they ever killed people?
Trump will runoff his big fat mouth and Clinton will most probably get elected b/c of the shitstorm. Certainly not from her flimsy credentials. Next pres election will truly be bizarre. There will be a new Bernie....better organized, better looking, younger . And there will be a new Trump, better looking, better educated and more dangerous.
I guess this is why so many people are voting for Trump. Its not what he says, its that although he's rich, he's not bought.
we are fucked now.
Yet Snowden who has done more for this country's freedoms is a man w/o a country. This dried up self loving old prune is going to be the next president.
She endangered the country with her reckless behavior. She cares nothing at all about Americans. Only cares about herself and her legacy.
I subscribed. I just hope Bernie can take his arguments to Philly and be heard The thought of Hill and orangeman shouting insults at each other for the next 3 months afterwards is downright depressing.
I've totally forgotten where I read or heard it a day or so ago....but this ain't over. Everytime Hillary says something, there is this image of the guy strapped to the speeding car with the metal guard in front of his face screaming from the movie "MadMax, Fury Road. That's the pro Bernie crowd who just can't stand Hillary coming to kick her azz.
If political hack means covering one's own azz, then yes. She is a political hack like all the rest of them....except Bernie.
B/c Hillary and Bill spam is much more dangerous and awful.
No they don't.
Game ain't over.
If you are a chardonnay drinking, salad eating, yoga practicing old fart of a pantsuited, comfortable shoe wearing woman who tends her flowers, reads her kindle, listens to Josh Groban and watches Survivor, then yes, she is your girl.
Can he use the Oval office to have a you-know-what during half times?
Jeez Louise... Why even bother to vote!! The anointed one is crowing victory screams about being the first woman pres and the press are having their Morrow moment going after Trump. I will never ever vote for that horrible woman.
s'funny. When Clinton unleashed an army of internet trolls to go after comments by Sanders Supporters, that was chivalrous in your mafia playbook I guess.
Game ain't over. I've learned that time is the best ally. Just give this time. see what happens.
You and thousands and thousands of others.
Obama endorses Hillzy. "I love the smell of rotten corruption in the morning." Why bother to vote.
They anointed Hillary. They had her picked already and with the system as it is, she was bound to win. I watched her walk into a $1000 a plate fundraiser dinner in my town hosted by a bunch of Republican CEO's. I'm sorry.. I cannot endorse a rigged system. I will wait till after the convention in Philly but I probably will not vote for her. She is an establishment queen.
In your wildest dreams.
Rigged. Voter Fraud. She put out trolls all over here and Facebook. Even shut down facebook with child porn. I can't stand her. I will never ever vote for her.
Politician.
She's backing the insurance industry that has a lockgrip on Obamacare. So yes, in a sense, she causes cancer. Nobody can afford the costs.
We are all going to be so tired of this woman by November.
Medicare for all as Bernie would have had it. The insurance industries are for profit and therefore probably not the best way to make for a healthy nation. Many of my friends are on Obamacare are less than happy with what they got and what the navigators did for them to get them on Obamacare. I'm happy its there but it really needs to be paid for by our taxes and not have insurance companies involved.
Everytime I see Hillary waving and Bill leering behind her, I want to vomit.
Oh I wish I could have some.
Bernie for the middle class and the poor. He has the blessings of the pope. and when a pope blesses a jew...good things happen.
Does Julian Assange have a vagina?
Should I vote for a con artist or a grifter? I just don't know. Guess I'll write in Bernie
Scare people into voting for 2 of the most dishonest politicians in modern history. Bill and Hill... its deja vu all over again.
Yes. Why should she support the issues when its really all about the team.
The Clintons are the king and queen of Washington Insiders. Its a machine and its corrupt. Warren's throwing her lot in with this crowd proves that she is not willing to stick her neck out for progressive issues. She is part of the machine now.
I hate to say this. but me too.
I always found it a depressing movie. I related as Tennessee did to Stella. "I have always depended on the Kindness of strang'as"
oops...gotta watch it again and get depressed.
Gonna definitely try that one! Thanks!
Hillzy is playing political softball. She is not talking about real issues such as climate change and the effects of fracking or healthcare for all or affordable tuition. Its much easier to bash trump. I'm not listening to it and I'm not voting for her.
But if you add mine to your vote and keep adding the ones that say they will not vote for her, It will give the old lady something to worry about.
yeah.. and with her presidency, we will get the leavings or crumbs from her political favors to her real constituents, big business and finance.
Ah the Clintons. Nothing but scandal and intrigue.
Steven Spielberg. So much for going to any of his movies again.
She sure spend alot of time shmoozing with those same corporate overlords who want to nix NN. She is so much a corporate tool.
On their terms. Not on ours. Its pay to play.
Hillary for war monger in chief. She loves sending others into the valley of death but not her rich assed friends.
Why even bother to vote. Its Hillary's coronation to the throne.
I don't need that article to tell me anything. I've seen her lie and lie and lie.
Bernie is staying in!!! Yes!! Keep the coals on that mad bitch and her disbarred lawyer husband.
And Hillary is the gold standard of corruption.
"We both ran from bullets fired at us from Sarajevo airport".... OMG!!!
Dont forget vote rigging.
The DNC is the Clinton campaign!!
Mark Landler, New York Times reporter wrote Alter Egos, Mark Leibovich of the New York times and Washington Post wrote "This Town'. What are you suggesting I read? Her stupid book which was changed in last print? Ugh. She is so terrible. So stiff. So non presidential. She just likes her power and so does her detestable husband.
