Hey, thanks for the reply! I'm glad to hear it isn't just me. My friends didn't experience such a lull when they were single, so I thought it was strange. But I do have a reactionary libido (as I call it), so I guess that makes sense!
&gt; Don't date someone who you are just "meh" about. You should be super excited to be dating the person you are dating. THIS. This has been my hardest lesson! I made this mistake *twice* before I figured out that "meh" wasn't enough to make dating someone enjoyable. Now I pretty much try to abide by the "hell yes or no" rule.
Forgive me, but this lesson of yours made me burst out laughing. Just...surprise!!
Actually...maybe not busted? OP never said "I'm a woman" (as far as I'm seeing).There is this comment: &gt; I only weigh like 140 so giant D boobs and huge for me. I have C forms and sometimes think those are too big But the fact that OP said "forms" makes me think that he could gender fluid, or maybe is just a fan of cross-dressing.
That "come hither" motion with his fingers, to stimulate my g-spot. Never fails!
Is it bad that people have different interests? No, of course not. But that isn't what those affirmative action policies are about. They aren't trying to encourage women to pursue a field that aren't interested in. What they *are* focused on is eliminating the many factors which discourage women from pursuing such careers. The disparity between men and women in STEM is commonly acknowledged as not being just because men are naturally more interested in those areas, because of such discouragement. And yes, actively discouraging people from pursuing their interests is typically considered a bad thing.
Haha, I love your last line, thanks for the laugh! :p
Haha, I'm looking at your truffle oil/parmesan cheese comment all funny right now! Sweet popcorn is clearly superior, jeez :p ETA: I now kind of want to give savory popcorn another try lol
I appreciate your pro tip. Also, idk if the 2:1 talking ratio is necessary (I'm not a fan personally, it usually ends up feeling like I'm being interrogated), but I will say 1:1 is. If he's talking about himself more than 50% of the time, I feel like I could replace myself with any other woman and he wouldn't even notice.
I mean, it isn't attractive, but idk if I'd call it actively unattractive. I do know I'm not a fan of how shaved looks. Slightly trimmed seems the happy medium - it's still there, but not soooo long and usually less smelly. It really, really isn't a big deal though. In terms of hair preferences, this isn't even on my radar! Facial hair or a hairy back/chest matter much more to me compared to his armpits.
Same! I never realized it until this question.
Look at her. Make eye contact. Smile. Did she smile back? If you want to approach someone, aggressive staring hardly sets a friendly tone to the interaction. Also, eye contact isn't magically "strong and attractive," that shit depends on context...if it exists at all. As a stranger, you have none. That makes strong, aggressive eye contact presumptively unsettling and likely creepy.
They're underwear in that you wear them under clothing, yes. But bras usually don't get nearly as dirty. There's no discharge, for one thing. And, depending on the person and the climate they live in, there isn't even sweat to get it dirty. Then you add in the fact that many women only wear a bra for part of the day (while underwear is the full day), and it's even less dirty. Also, *bras are fucking expensive.* As in, $50-$100+ expensive. So not nearly on the same cost level as panties or boxers! And washing them tends to ruin them. So many people hand wash them (which takes time), and many try and minimize the amount of washing to try and get the most life possible out of the bra because it's a financial pain in the ass to replace them...completely ignoring how tedious it is to find a bra that actually firs properly. Personally, the two bras I have that actually fit as they should? I baby them and only wash them when absolutely necessary because I don't want them to wear out!
Oh, you're right! I forgot about wireless bras when I wrote that, thanks.
Not at all! It isn't a criticism of you, or a rejection of you as a person. It just means (s)he had 'clicked' more with someone else. And on a different note, I'd be happy (s)he actually cancelled the date instead of ghosting! You aren't going to fit with everyone. If that was true, you wouldn't have to date. So never feel dumb for taking a chance! It takes guts to put yourself out there, be proud of that :)
Right? Batshit insane I'm thinking I could take at least 30. But if we're talking about simply immobilizing them? Or even tougher, not harming them at all? Probably only 3-5 small kids.
I've been on the other side of things, where he was eagerly texting and I just wasn't feeling it/was interested in someone else. I didn't think less of him. I wasn't laughing at him. I never thought he was dumb for being excited. I simply knew we weren't a good fit, so why waste either of our time? I'm betting whoever you were texting thought/felt similar to me - and didn't think less of you. So relax!
Not OC, but I personally think this would be a great idea. If nothing else, it might help reduce the stigma which (I think) might be associated with taking paternal leave.
Right? It baffles me that America hasn't gotten on board with so many other countries. How can so they keep saying, "but it'll never work!" when there are clear examples to the contrary? Paid parental leave is logical, and there are many models to choose from. There's a reason it's becoming the norm in developed countries. I really hope America figures itself out soon!
Whoa whoa whoa, wait a second... THIS ISN'T NORMAL? I do this with my slippers. I thought everybody did this? Maybe your girlfriend is the odd one...
Hey, you stole my line! Dammit :p
I assume a random guy approaching me with a line is looking for sex, not a relationship. If I'm wrong, not a big deal since I'm not actively looking to date. But I don't see how a stranger could pursue a relationship with a stranger. I'm not into casual sex, so I'll usually shut him down - *even if he's attractive*. I'm nice about it, mind you, because I'm a social person and he hasn't done anything wrong in approaching me. I just don't sleep with or give my number to strangers. The "cleverness" has something to do with it in that it's unexpected and charming, and that appeals to me. I find that attractive. If nothing else, it makes me want to talk to him, to see what he's like, to find out if he's as playful as that line makes me think he is. In other words, that interaction makes me interested in him. Does physical attraction matter? Of course. If he's just wanting casual sex, would I still say no? Not sure, probably. It he's wanting a date or my number, am I interested? If the conversation goes well...yes, yes I am. So, it "works on me" it that it makes me reevaluate automatically not giving him a chance. After all, he wasn't what I expected. And he *listened*. And he bothered to act on what I said. I like that...so I'm curious about him, especially if there's physical chemistry. **TL;DR: I tend to politely shut down strangers who hit on me because I'm not into casual sex, and I assume that's what they're interested in. So in most situations they don't have a chance even if they're attractive. Unexpected cleverness makes me do a double-take and gets me interested/chatting, though physical attraction decides if it goes any further. So it "works" because it creates an opportunity where there was none.** Side note, talking about it in this "I'm passive/they approach/I decide" way feels egotistical even if that's the scenario given, so I'm going to take a second to say that I do take the initiative as well! FWIW, I also like a simple "hey, I'm _name_," it just doesn't open a conversation as easily as this.
I feel so disillusioned. It's as if I just found out my favourite love song was written about a sandwich :(
Wait, why silk? How does that affect your hair?
Oh, that makes sense. Thanks!
Not at all! I'm on that sub, it's great. No joke, forearms can be sexy as hell.
Generally speaking (school/career), I find they *over* estimate their attributes. When it comes to dating, I find a lot of guys are extremely hard on themselves, more than is deserved. So for dating, I'd say they *under* estimate their positive attributes.
Mulan has always been my personal favourite! It's an awesome Disney movie in so many ways.
Yep, this. I'm pretty comfortable with my body usually, but body hair is the thing I get really self-conscious about.
&gt; I know I just can't handle it. It's my problem, not yours - my inability to cope with others mental illness doesn't mean anything is wrong with them and says more about me than it does about them. I think this is a wonderful way of putting this, and I feel the same.
It's a real thing, I've seen them in the washrooms of nice restaurants or other fancy/old fashioned places. My understanding is that it's for women who are breastfeeding or who are pumping milk. Nursing in public was considered inappropriate, and even now it can result in dirty looks or rude comments.
Is it still the same cost if you bring your own polish for them?
Right?! I mean, I am definitely stealing a guy's hoodie while I'm over, because it's cosy and smells like him. And if I spend the night, whatever shirt he were wearing the day before is now mine. But when I leave, it's in my own clothes! Unless he gives me a tshirt or something, but then I'm not stealing it.
&gt; they only have like 12 bottles. I drink lots of water and between the two of us those 12 bottles may not last a night. What? Okay, if an *entire case of water* is not enough, I feel like this one might be on you... Forget BYOB, you need to bring your own water and keep it in your car or something!
Damn. That means I still can't justify the cost. Just once, *once* I want to have a fancy manicure! Thanks for the answer though :)
What on earth is a tulip shirt?
Hmmm...okay.... Thanks for the pic! I had no idea what it was! I can also see why many women would not want to wear it. Honestly, it looks uncomfortable to me (covers shoulders/arms while exposing lower back, no thanks) and not very attractive (too boxy). But that's just my opinion, if you like them then that's great! :)
&gt; Also, I've heard plenty of women criticize guys for sleeping around. Yep. I have no interest in being with a guy who has a high partner count. For one thing, it makes it more likely he has a disease he could pass onto me (especially with HPV screening being less effective on men). Also, there's a basic incompatibility in that we value sex differently.
I've never had a casual sex partner! I recently ended a long term relationship, and haven't since met anyone I'm interested/would be comfortable having a FWB arrangement with. But really, we're adults. I think it would be reasonable (after we know we're both interested in that) to simply ask when (s)he was last tested and if (s)he has a printout. And if it wasn't after his last partner, I'd ask him to get tested/offer to go together. Also, I'd ask him to let me know if he was seeing other people at the same time.
I think the main one is physical appearance. An average attractive woman is (and I'm generalizing!) frequently given meaningless 'compliments' ad nauseum. An average looking man, on the other hand, often doesn't hear that - I know several guys who seem to think they must be unattractive. (They aren't. They're poster boys of 'average,' or even a bit better.) This thinking is reinforced if they aren't successful dating. Sexual prowess is a big area of insecurity. And some of it might be justified (bad in bed is, well, bad in bed). But other issues...not so much. Yes, there are 'size queens,' but overall I think men care more about penis size than most women. As long as everyone is satisfied at the end of the romp, that's what matters. Financial ability. Some people care about this, some people don't. I think a fair few men forget the "some people don't" part of that, which is sad because that number is growing. This results in two types of insecurities: the first is not feeling "worth" a great relationship because he has nothing to compensate/spoil her with, and the second is feeling insecure about his ability to be a 'provider' (or about his value if she makes more money and is the 'provider'). Financial insecurity segues nicely into another insecurity...the "will anyone like me for *me*?" issue. So many guys seem to think everything else is more important, they undervalue personality. Or they don't think there's anything special to them. I'm not sure which, but either way, the resulting insecurity is that they won't be loved unless they bring something extra to the table, like money or a huge cock. So overall, are there cocky guys? Of course. But the *average* guy seems to underestimate what he brings to a relationship - he forgets about personality and behaviour, and focused a critical eye on physicality and financial situation. So, through this blindness and criticism, he under sells himself. Which often ends up being a self fulfilling prophesy IMO...because if you don't value yourself, why should anyone else?
&gt; Namely... she kisses me, I orgasm Wait, what? Really?? Wow. I thought I was a quick fire with my last boyfriend, guess not! Ha, I can why you two limit PDA, especially if you aren't someone who can stay quiet through that lol.
I love that you said which glasses! I treat mine like accessories lol, my friends think I'm odd.
Oh my god YES, I am seconding this. Fitted business pants are absolutely delicious!
Thank you! I've seen this stereotype mentioned all over reddit, but I never understood it. I've never even met anyone who owns a horse, so I was pretty confused lol.
Agreed. An asshole is an asshole regardless of if there's a man or a woman attached.
This is understandable. But keep in mind - the key to strong management longterm is delegation!
If I may add to this, if s/he isn't into something take the time to ask *why.* Maybe s/he doesn't like pain but is open to/enjoys the control aspect etc. So depending on your fetish, s/he may not be comfortable with everything but there may be areas of overlap you can play with.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one wondering this.
Wait...what? It can cause problems later even if you're fine for years? I didn't know that, and would never have thought to wonder if it was my pill at that point.
Wait...what? It can cause problems later even if you're fine for years? I didn't know that, and would never have thought to wonder if it was my pill at that point.
I do this with Nutella! And ice cream. Coming home from work after a shit day when it's goddamn hot outside and heading straight to the freezer for an ice cream fix...it's heaven.
My friend has these! We call them wolf eyes, I think they're absolutely gorgeous. Like, if Artemis or some other hunting goddess was real, she would have those eyes.
My friend has these! We call them wolf eyes, I think they're absolutely gorgeous. IMO, if Artemis or some other hunting goddess was real, she would have those eyes.
*Did I seem to glance in your direction?* I'm probably lost again and trying to figure out which turn my phone is telling me to make. Or I'm doing pretty much anything except checking you out. *Did I make eye contact and smile?* You're right, I actually was checking you out! If you're across a huge room it might be awkward to make a beeline for me lol, by otherwise...sure, if you like what you see too then feel free to say high. *Situation where it would be inappropriate:* I'm working in customer service (food server, cashier, etc) and being friendly is my job. I probably wasn't checking you out. Also, I'm busy dammit! I don't have time to stand around and talk, but I'm also not allowed to tell you to go away. *If I'm obviously not looking for a conversation* (reading, have ear buds in, working out), *or am working in the service industry*, I'm not interested. If we made eye contact and I didn't smile or look friendly, I'm not interested. Otherwise, hi!
Not really tbh... I hate purses, I'll only wear one if I have no other alternative. The most practical ones are the cross-body ones. And these are good in that they don't fall off your shoulder. But generally they're small and very ugly (IMO). Also, the way the strap crosses between boobs accents them and more guys will stare - which pisses a lot of women off, or makes them uncomfortable. And having a weird strap across your body ruins the look of a nice outfit. Purses worn on one shoulder are more common...and more annoying. You have to keep your shoulder juuuust right so it doesn't fall off, you can't be clumsy because them you smack things (or sometimes people, if you take the bus), and if you're carrying anything slightly heavy those thin straps cut into your shoulder in a way even a weighted down laptop bag can compare to. BUT, single shoulder or cross-strap, when it comes to smuggling snacks into a movie theatre...nothing beats a purse! :p
&gt; however, being a student I have no problem carrying my bag around with all my stuff in it. Okay, this made me laugh! I'm a student too. I will happily bring my backpack places instead of a purse. Purses are sooooo much worse - I don't consider a backpack to be an annoyance tbh.
I think the only time I've liked tofu was at an Indian restaurant, it was in my chicken palak masala. But even then, I think I just liked that it was hidden by the flavourful sauce...I still disliked the tofu texture. But then again, I don't order tofu intentionally, so maybe you're right and I just haven't tried it properly!
It really, really is! It's because they're just curious (both from a "how are girls different?" standpoint and a "ooh, what's on the other side of this mystery door?" curiosity). It's only annoying when the moms let their kid peek repeatedly...or stare. Because lady, I am not changing a tampon or something while your kid watches!
Oh, she's not combining them, she's switching from one to the other. Sorry, didn't mean to be confusing! It isn't about personal belief or anything, it's because she has issues with her thyroid and her doctor said certain diets will make the meds more effective. She had some success with a vegan diet, but a lot of issues too. So now she's supposed to try paleo for a while, if it's better she has to stick with it for 6 months or so.
Lol, I didn't even notice that one... I think I glazed over it in horror :p
No worries, sharing info etc is not starting an argument or being a jerk. According to [this article](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3065309/) you may have a point. Page 9 lists endocrine disruptors (including those mimicking estrogen), and these EDs have been linked to precocious puberty (see article for studies cited). I didn't see anything related to penile development though.... *However,* I did stumble across [this article](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3862078/) which discusses a cause link between plastic phthalate exposure and micropenis development! So there's that. (Well, that and a random, totally trustworthy looking (/s) article by PETA about eating chicken causing small dicks.)
Well, you see, a woman's place is in the kitchen... and some women love to cook. But some develop an unnatural love for cooking...and sautéing...and searing...their pans are so versatile and dynamic! Soon these women (poor, tragic souls) forget all about their darling husbands,and develop am unnatural love...*for pans.* (Do I really need the /s?)
May I ask what your job position is?
Aw, no worries! It happens. I thought you might just be sleep-deprived like myself lol.
This might be a stupid question, but... couldn't you buy capris and just wear them as pants?
Holy crap, you're right. THANK YOU! I'm glad I gave you a bit of a laugh, though my redundancy was completely unintentional.
A vet I know did the same thing. I don't think he'd be alive today if it wasn't for that beloved mutt! As great as it is that he took in a stray and provides for it, that dog saved him too.
I don't think it's necessarily acceptable, though it should be. In addition to the normal rejections, a woman who approaches first is seen as desperate more often than not.
I really would not consider these an option for most women, regardless of appearance... they're too heavily stigmatized for that!
Most women I know actively enjoy it... it depends *how* they're being touched, of course.
Wow, I'll try but I might not have time to reply to all of that, I'm sorry. First, yes, there's an issue of being unused to rejection (it's common sense that this is true). But I have *never* seen a woman approach so bluntly as you've described! That seems like an extreme situation. What I have heard are guys saying it means she's slutty (in a "I don't want to catch anything" way), or on the rebound. Neither of which is a desirable assumption. That, or guys get defensive (see all the "I'd be wary she's talking to me" comments in this sub as proof), and assume something must be 'wrong' with her - that either she's playing them, or she's desperate. Also, this is compounded by other women (as you alluded to), getting catty about her needing to chase guys because they don't want to. You say you haven't noticed this...*but why would you*? You aren't on the recieving end of it, and probably aren't privy to those conversations. So, I'm sorry it annoys you, but my point still stands...women approaching men *should* be acceptable, *but it is not yet*. I personally am reluctant to do so (unless it's online, because a message is easy and private), though that's partly because I'm just not looking for a relationship enough to deal with the possible fallout.
Not shaved, it looks odd to me and seems to result in a lot of red bumps. I definitely do prefer he takes the time to be neatly trimmed though! Because I'm not okay with flossing my teeth when I go down on him. (I do kind of like how shaved balls look, but this only matters if he likes my mouth there too. Otherwise, I don't really care.)
Might just be my area then lol. I'm planning to move to a larger city, I'll see if that mentality changes!
Eh, I would risk it personally, but that's because it could cost me my career if it was *ever* found out, even years later. Not worth the risk! *EDIT:* wouldn't...wouldn't risk it lol.
&gt; Simply pushing an anti-rape message won’t necessarily reach those men, they point out, because they don’t think of themselves as rapists. Well damn, so maybe campaigns should be aimed at demonstrating examples of sexual assault saying 'this is rape too,' not just saying, 'don't rape.'
&gt; Most of what you complain about is just men being in shock from being approached. Men aren't used to it and don't know how to handle it and many handle it poorly. Now this is something I hadn't considered when I was thinking about their reactions. Interesting. Mind you, I haven't approached a guy in ages (was in a relationship, now just not looking to date), so the men I was approaching were around 19-21years old. So maybe it's changed in past years, and those poor reactions won't be as much of a concern.
&gt; Aside from the rare psycho who was just waiting for an excuse, most people default to cooperation I recently experienced this. I was caught in a natural disaster and forced to evacuate. I had just moved there days earlier, I had no connections or resources. I lost track of the people who helped me - taking me in their vehicle, sharing good and water, offering blankets and a place to sleep. So many people shared resources in the effort to escape, and once we did many other people opened their homes and hearts to keep us safe. I expected it to be chaos, I expected everyone to look after themselves. Instead, I experienced the exact opposite, and it was a truly humbling experience. I am so grateful for the generosity of those strangers!
&gt; You can be attracted to someone who isn't right for you. I don't think this is what /u/RamenNoodlezHair was saying. I believe she was saying she can't be with someone she's *not* attracted to.
I've been asked this on a date! Same guy then asked why I would use an online dating site, since they're for unattractive people/people with things wrong with them. (He was on the site himself, that's how we met...)
&gt; I do find it awkward when I tell people I don't want kids though... A number of women seem to take personal offense. I recently told a young woman this, she's just 21. She went silent for a bit then said,"I think that's really sad." She then talked about how she wanted a family, and assured me that "it's okay not to want kids yet, because you're young and will probably change your mind." WTF? I'm older than her. Does this mean she'll change *her* mind too, and will stop wanting kids? If it's such a big freaking decision, why is it acceptable to want kids when you're young but not to feel the opposite?
Erm, may want to look into if common law marriage exists in your area/country.... You no longer need to marry to be married where I live. Just a heads up lol
You'll have to look it up yourself, it'll be pretty easy - there's tons of writing on it. Or maybe someone else will give you a link. Sorry, I'm on mobile so I can't send you a source. **ETA:** /u/JohnDoe43210, it isn't the best but [this](http://www.salon.com/2015/06/12/toxic_masculinity_is_killing_men_the_roots_of_male_trauma_partner/) is the best I could find on a crappy phone search. **I highly recommend you look at an academic article instead.** It would be a much better source. Sorry!
A random guy approaching me in a bar and opening with, "I don't know if you're single, but I'd love to spend tonight with you if you are," then walking away when I say no is overly forward. Him not leaving when I say no thanks, continuing to go, "aww, c'mon baby, just for an hour? It'll be good..." and following me around the bar making these comments is sexually harassing. The two often go together, of course, but they don't *have* to.
May I ask why only minimal with your friends? Do you/your SO simply not enjoy PDA personally, or would your friends make you feel uncomfortable about it?
I'll care! Thanks :)
&gt; also, guys aren't taught a fucking thing about foreplay. In my school, it was very biology/reproduction focused, which means the clit was never mentioned. Unsurprisingly, when my friends first started having sex, many were completely underwhelmed - I remember one girl talking about how boring sex was, except for the first couple of times which hurt. I feel bad for both the guys and the girls who were having clueless 'just insert and thrust' sex!
May I ask, were you raised in an environment where crying/expressing emotions wasn't welcomed? (I'm just curious about if how you grew up is why you have that inner monologue.)
I'm gonna say first that I agree it isn't empowering - and if people want a cause, there are soooo many others they could get involved in. But I have to disagree with this: &gt; Like I said, it's legal in NYC. They could do it pretty much whenever but they don't -- that's telling. I don't think it is telling. Given how common cat-calling is in NYC, walking around with her breasts exposed would likely result in endless street harassment. It doesn't matter if it's legal; many women probably wouldn't consider it an option even if they wanted to be shirtless.
I think it's just a wishful fantasy...and complete bullshit. Do I think women are beautiful? Yes, it's basically an artistic appreciation. I also think the curves of a well-shaped sculpture are attractive. I particularly like how curvy women are put together, since I'm slender and lithe. They reminds me of the flow of water in a river. But I am not sexually attracted to women. I tint want to kiss or touch them. The idea of being sexually intimate with a woman makes me feel sick, it's so opposed to what I want. I'm not "a little bit bi," I don't just "have a preference for men." I'm straight. I think saying otherwise is as dumb as saying a woman is a lesbian just because she hasn't met the right guy yet. Men admire each other all the time, such as when it comes to working out and noticing each other's improvements. They do it in a completely non-sexual way. Is it really so difficult to understand that I do the same with other women?
I think you're still misunderstanding lol... &gt; I was thinking of how I've heard that sometimes, even straight female friends can be rather touchy-feely with each other in a way that doesn't happen (at least as much) among lads. Yes, women are often more comfortable with physical contact with their friends. But even if you were thinking of this, you're still wrong about it being "sexualizing a friend." That 'touchy-feely' contact is also not sexual *at all.* If I'm cuddled up to my best girlfriend, there are no sexual undertones. Nothing, nada, nil.
Both men and women would get more attention, yes. But I doubt most men would also be harassed because of the transformation, or feel threatened by how aggressively they're approached (like OP described). This is the key difference.
You've come to the conclusion that you still think you love her, but no longer feel it? If so, are you apathetic in other aspects of your life, or just the relationship? Because I sincerely believe my ex was suffering depression - but he wasn't willing to ever seek help.
He thought being emotionally cold was easier in life, and that no longer having feelings could be a job asset. In a way, he was right - he was extremely successful at work (though he was highly skilled, so I think he would've been successful regardless). He also thought he couldn't possibly be depressed because "he had nothing to be depressed about." He wasn't homeless or poor, there was nothing tragically wrong in his life. So he didn't think depression could be justified, that it would be wrong to be depressed. Put these things together, and he was adamantly opposed to speaking to a therapist. He also thought a therapist would likely prescribe medication, and he thought that was shameful/horrible. The stigma around seeking help -especially seeking help as a man about his feelings- was strong enough that he absolutely refused to consider it.
I don't think I could be a mod. I think I'd get too angry at people lol. But hey, I appreciate the mod team taking care of all that crap!
Right?! I thought this was a tv trope. My first crush was a foot shorter than me. I'm not attracted specifically to short guys only, but I find them as attractive as any other guy. As I got older, I wondered why so many of them seemed to have issues...it makes sense now. Of course as guy will be sensitive about his height if other people keep ragging on him for it.
Seconded! The dick definitely matters.
Depends. How many fingers have you had up your butt?
Lol, a guy I went on a few dates with a while ago greeted me with "you look just like your pictures!" He sounded completely surprised, it made me wonder just how many people use old/inaccurate pics.
Daaaaaayum, I'm definitely enjoying your second pic lol. I'm not at all surprised by your match success! (Btw, I have to agree with the /u/VT-Sensational and say I'd also consider those pics to be model material.)
I prefer the singular "they." Everyone uses it, everyone knows what I mean in conversation. "It" feels dehumanizing.
It's horrifying to imagine giving him a bj. Especially in summer. The smell! Soap and using a hand or cloth should be required for everyone.
Common things are often normalized. If an act is commonplace for a person, then it's normal for them. And I'm going to say no, since it's not sexual. (And because I don't have a prostate, so when I commented I forgot prostate exams existed lol.)
In my opinion, of course not. Everyone is entitled to a basic level of respect. But I have to imagine OC couldn't possibly be referring to be having in the way chivalry traditional dictated, that would be ridiculous. It's why I asked what he thought chivalry was, then presented two opposite interpretations.
&gt; Pufferfish are awesome though, they're like puppies. ...puppies? 0_o Care to explain? I'm not understanding how they're similar to puppies...
Oh god, that sounds painful. And jeez, pelvic exams suck (they're cold, awkward, and often painful), but at least the vagina is designed to have things inserted...I'm pretty sure urethras aren't!
I was standing under a tree waiting for the bus when a spider fell down my shirt. I have arachniphobia. I could feel it's legs on my breasts. Eek!!!! So, I did what any other terrified person would do in public...yanked my top down, bent over, and shook it off! I don't give a fuck if someone saw me, there was a spider on my boobs and I had only seconds left of sanity!
As actual underwear? No, they aren't comfortable. They're too loose, they bunch up under my pants, and the waistband is annoying. I do wear "boyshort" cut underwear though, and they're great! I've never work those fitted boxers, but maybe they'd be more comfortable. As pajamas? OMFG yessssss, give them to me!
&gt; Sex is extremely easy for women. You basically just have to lie down and spread your legs. That's not having good sex, that's being a starfish. Sounds like *you're* the one having shitty sex, not me! &gt; No, men do not always orgasm when they have sex. They ejaculate much more often than they orgasm. There is a big difference between the two. I suggest you work on your reading comprehension skills as well. I never said men always orgasm, I says they do so more frequently than the average woman. The fact that orgasming and ejaculating are different doesn't change this - and of course I know the difference, women ejaculate too, it's called squirting. &gt; It's ironic how women have the audacity to complain about guys expecting "porn sex", when women are the ones that actually want it. Complaints about unreal expectations are valid, a teenaged boy thinking a facial or anal sex can be assumed acceptable is just as wrong as a teenaged girl thinking every dick is 10". Get off your high horse. &gt; most women are apparently too stupid to open their mouths and say what they want Wow, you really do need to work on your reading comprehension skills! Go back to where I talked about a ONS, lack of investment in the other persons pleasure, and how there's a limit to communication because forcing an act is assault. Bad sex isn't always a result of poor communication...sometimes the other person is just a selfish ass. You apparently can't read my points, and frankly you don't sound like you understand what good sex is - you seem to ignore that it's supposed to be pleasurable for both people. Maybe you should work on your issues? In the mean time, I'm done responding to you.
&gt; For a long time I thought nonplussed was like a straight look on your face. Shit! I've been misusing "nonplussed" all this time. I thought it meant you were unfazed! Apparently it means you're so shocked/confused you don't know how to react. TIL.
Same! Especially in business circles, defaulting to "Mrs." would be highly unprofessional.
**15% of the time at a bar/party** I'm eyeing a cute guy thinking I'd like to talk to him...but at least 5% of that time I'll approach him. He'll wander over the other 5%, leaving 5% as a bust. **0% in the rest of my life** do I want to be approached. Grocery shopping? Nope. Reading a book in a coffee shop? Bugger off. I don't ever remember wishing a stranger would approach me. *If a conversationstarts organically,* that's great and fine, but that's completely different from him 'approaching' me. I get randomly approached in **non-bar/non-party settings about 5%** of the time - unless I'm **taking the bus, then it jumps to 20-30%**. I usually feel uncomfortable and annoyed, because I'm trapped (I'm on the bus for a reason, I can't just get off early) and these jerks won't back off even though I'm not interested.
That is largely preference based, not something a poll here will give you the answer to. I hate yellow gold, I think it's ugly. Other people love it, it's the traditional metal for wedding bands. Some people think steel looks cold or cheap. Others love it because they're allergic to everything else and it represents strength. Some people think silver is beautiful and elegant. Others think it's a pain in the ass because it tarnished quickly. This is way too specific! (Though I'll add that I think it would be very sweet and meaningful if my SO made my ring...but depending on your skill and how willing you are to incorporate her style, your SO may feel differently.)
But...she could actually have been sending him tons of messages, and it isn't difficult to believe she cried. As for the kids bit, that information was relevant. It shows that she's raised her kids on her own before; she can do so again. It also notes that one of the dads is active in their lives, so OP isn't leaving the kids without a father-figure (ignoring the fact that it's only been a 1 year relationship). The fact that one dad is an active parent is also important because it means OP is not in *loco parentis,* aka not the stand- in father (despite the woman saying they rely on him), so he shouldn't have to worry about paying child support. All of this seems very relevant to me, and not just a snide "she's a sluuuuut" comment.
My soul can join yours in hell if there's also a supply of milk chocolate Lindors... * *drool* *
I remember being so upset because my mom kept setting up playdates where I was supposed to play dolls with the other girl...but I hated dolls! Barbies don't *do* anything. I kept stealing my brother's hotwheels but everyone always got mad at me for it. I just wanted a toy that did something, it was fun to speed the little car around the room and make it 'jump' stuff. I didn't understand how it was a 'boy' toy, because I was a girl and I liked playing with it too. Thankfully, after I broke all my dolls, my parents stopped with that. They bought us both our own LEGO sets and I got to build a robot! That was way more fun than Barbies. There were other things I remember, like being told to act less wild or scolded for getting muddy, but that's the biggest thing I got upset about when I was under 6yo.
Ha, this. Nothing changes, I just have another name to call them besides "Jerk!" I didn't understand what negging was until I joined reddit, I thought those guys were just poorly socialized and really bad at flirting. Either way, I still just roll my eyes and say no.
Haha, this was me as a kid! My parents thought my knees were always dirty, that I didn't know how to wash up. Nope, those were just bruises. My knees didn't return to skin coloured until I hit my teens lol
I'm speaking hypothetically here, but maybe I was willing to try it, because I didn't know if I'd like it or not. That's fine, I don't have to repeat whatever it was with anyone. If I did, I'd never try anything new. But if I did do it more than once, it's a big assumption to say it was "because I loved him enough to." If you look at other threads, you see stories where people give in just to make them stop whining and making them feel like crap for refusing. They take no pleasure from the act, they aren't doing it out of love, it was just a shit relationship and bad choices were made. If I'm refusing to do whatever, it isn't because I love this new guy less. It's because I'm assuming this isn't another awful relationship where he'll belittle me and make me feel like my pleasure isn't important. And maybe it's simply because I'm older and stronger now, and I've learned how horrible it is to be coerced into an act I'm not willing to do. Gaining strength and self-respect shouldn't be seen as loving someone less. So no, I don't empathize with guys who go, "but she did it with it ex!" Because what they're saying is, "but I don't care how *she* feels, I care how I feel!" They're thinking only of their pleasure, and disregarding mine. They're equating a willingness to do things that feel bad or wrong or uncomfortable with love. Essentially, they're equating my willingness to be unhappy with love. And that's a shit relationship. It's not okay. In a relationship, we're supposed to care about how each other feels. Trying to guilt someone into a sexual act they don't enjoy is wrong, plain and simple. I don't care which gender it is, or if we're talking pegging, a threesome, or anything else. *It's just wrong.*
Him enjoying it. When I know pleasuring me is giving *him* pleasure...wow. I love hearing him groan, or say I taste good, or any of those other little things which tell me this is something he wants to do (and not just a favour he's putting up with doing). Kinda like me moaning into a bj and gripping his ass to pull him closer, right? *ETA:* this has to be in addition to the physical...him being into it won't increase arousal if he's also abusing the clit (or missing it altogether)
I do. It sometimes involves being an amateur contortionist. On one memorable occasion, I used a wire clothes hanger as a hook/handle. Most dresses are fine, it's just the occasional pain-in-the-ass one I have to struggle with!
Seriously, a wore clothes hanger will pull those zippers up that last inch like magic! No dislocated shoulders necessary. I can't help you on that top clasp though, the hook at the top of the zipper. I have a few cocktail dresses with that, and I tend to just zip it up and fasten it sideways on me (then curse endlessly while trying to shimmy it around without stressing any of the stitching).
I'm not queer, but I was staying at my aunt and uncle's house last week and he made the exact same comment as your mom's friend about the Pride parade. I wanted so goddamn bad to respond the same way you did! I didn't feel like I could though (since I was staying with them in an unfamiliar city, and I had already argued with them about assisted suicide and about how trans people are people, not 'freaks' FFS). I still can't believe they both feel that way.
Well, if she means in the shower or crouching a bit to pee outside, easy. But if she means peeing like a guy by aiming into the toilet while standing...*HOW*??
My mom stayed home for both my brother and I, about 5+ years. She realized that on her income, childcare would cost more than she made...she'd essentially be paying for the privilege of working! When she was ready to reenter the work force, she couldn't find anything full time. She ended up going back to school to become an EA, now she earns a great income. It all worked out because my parents have a solid marriage. But if something had nappened before my mom finished her schooling, it would have been a disaster! She would've struggled to support herself, never mind us kids. I think taking so much time off work is a very scary choice to make, and even though it's practical in the short term...it could have terrible consequences if the marriage breaks down. It really is both a logical choice and a crazy risk at the same time!
Ouch...marriage makes it more difficult. We weren't married; I couldn't commit to him because of this apathy/distance (though it wasn't as bad then). I'm glad I was able to help, I hope your talk goes well. If your apathy is the type that makes you go cold and rational inside, remember - just because you aren't feeling them doesn't mean emotions are unimportant. You aren't superior just because you are calm - in fact, it means you're missing out on some very important nuances. Like living life in grayscale instead of technicolour. It's a difficult talk to have, but it's important you do so with compassion because the alternative is to make her suffer cruelty from the person she loves and trusts. Good luck, and if you ever want to ask questions or just chat feel free to PM me.
Are you a jealous person? Because my ex *loved* dancing and I hated it until recently. I would dance with him occasionally, but not nearly as often as he wanted. So I'd tell him to go out with his buddies and just dance with whoever, it worked for years. He got his fix, and I trusted he would keep his hands (and lips) to himself.
Not just STEM though... For example, law uses a similar skill set when analyzing how a case may olay out in court and planning for each possibility.
It doesn't have to be! Ever seen a mixed group of guys and girls dance? I get much more intimate with my girlfriends than I do with the guy. Sure, I often have my hand on his shoulder (or half shoulder/half chest), but there's a good foot of space between our hips and his hands never touch my ass/hips. I've saw my ex dancing at a party when he didn't know I was there yet, he danced similarly - there was some physical contact, but it was tame and never crossed any lines. Once I liked dancing but we were long distance for a while, our rules were: Don't grab any sexualized bits/don't let them touch your bits, your crotch shouldn't be pressed against the other person and vice versa, if they get handsy make it clear your taken, and have fun.
Screw trends, buy clothes which fit you and suit your personality - that comfort translates to confidence, and you aren't left trying to wear a style completely unsuited to you. Look in the mirror. Name five things you like about your appearance (or 3 things if just your face). For every negative thing you say, you have to restart your positive list. And don't just think to yourself, "I guess my eyes are okay," think about *why.* So say, "I like my eyes, the lashes are so long I don't need mascara, and the brown turns to a pretty gold in the sun." Repeat. I don't routinely tell myself to do either of these things, but I'm conscious of my body type instead of trends when I shop, and I tend to do a "damn, you look good!" when I look in the mirror. I can name more things I like about my body than things I don't, and that's the way I think it should be.
Adding onto the "photos" critique, I have a few more points for you /u/xgalaxy: Bathroom pics are not the ideal! I know a lot of guys don't have photos of themselves, an outside pic/activity pic/photo without a sink or toilet in the background is vastly superior to the classic bathroom selfie men use. Also, just like you want to know what our body/face looks like, we want to know yours. This means at least one clear pic of your face and one full-length body pic. It doesn't matter if it's a group shot as long as you aren't blurry/grainy/shadowed.. And like fluttershy523 said, frat boy pics aren't attractive. I'll give an extreme example, since she already mentioned the bong photos. Yesterday, found the profile of a guy who said he was looking a serious relationship...but his pics included a cake of a chick getting eaten out and the words "hope you get even more pussy and blowjobs this year, here's to all the bitches!" Maybe you got the cake, fine. Don't put it on your damn profile! Don't be this guy.
Just curious, do you still think this would be nice if I have a lot of info on my profile someone could easily ask about?
&gt; 1) Photo with an animal But *not* a dead, bloody animal! If you're into hunting, fine. But a dead animal is not helping me be sexually interested in you. (I will say I live somewhere where guns and hunting are not that common, so this may be a personal bias.) &gt; 3) Photo that shows off your face, something candid Preferably not RBF, because an angry/IDGAF face is not very inviting compared to a smile.
Yep, this has been my experience as well. Which would be fine if I was looking for a hookup too. But since I'm not...no thanks.
Hey, thanks for your perspective :) &gt; I'm generally creeped out by women if their first or second comment is "hey you're hot" as my first thought is that it's not even human but some ad-bot. Okay, your ad-bot fears made me laugh a bit - I forgot dating sites did this since I've never know a male bot to exist. And I just meant it seems like men get less compliments in overall life (*according to AM), I hope it didn't sound like I was saying it's cool for women to sent those comments in the first messages! Like you said, it depends on the person, but it's probably not ideal either way. &gt; "Hi" isn't gonna throw my day off. Eh, it won't throw my day off, but for me personally it isn't a priority response if someone else has sent a personal message. And then, if I'm busy for a few days...it can get buried in the queue. I'm thinking this is more an issue of being a woman on a dating site though? (It seems like many women get a shocking amount of messages vs the average for guys.) &gt; awkward "You're a 90% match, we must be soul-mates!" Annnnd this made me laugh too. You've gotten this message? Jeez, I'd probably be thinking, "we have 90% of stuff in common and you couldn't bother to talk about a single thing??"
But I've been saying this whole time that parental time for father's needs to be set aside specifically... I'm not against this, I'm in favour of it. I'm just saying that childbirth puts a strain on the mother's body, and this ought to be recognized as a separate issue. &gt; the medical recovery of the mother is even more reason to give paternity leave to fathers so they can help take care of mom and baby. I repeat: there is no reason he cannot choose to take his leave at the same time the mom is recovering at home! I am not against this, I think time should be set aside specifically for fathers to take. If you are saying he should have *more* time than her, that doesn't make sense to me; his body is not the one recovering. &gt; My sister-in-law was unfortunate to develop a throat tumor at the end of the pregnancy I'm very sorry to hear this, and I hope she is doing well now.
"They're in the military." And if so, I'd believe them, because I'm guaranteeing my ex has spooned at least one army buddy. At least. Otherwise, if I walk in on two random guys spooning, I might think they're actually queer but don't want to go say anything. I don't know why I'd have to react? That's their business, it would matter to me.
I'm pretty private, I may tell friends that I've fine on a few dates with someone (not the same as him being my bf), but I wouldn't tell family/coworkers anything at all for a long time. And why on earth does not saying you have a boyfriend to turn dates down warrant an "especially," OP?? Of course I don't turn people down by saying "I have a boyfriend" as my go-to. Because you know what that's saying? It's saying "I'd date you if it wasn't for him." And if we break up, now that guy thinks he has a chance again. If I'm not interested in someone, I simply say that - my relationship status is irrelevant.
And socks!
Your wife was a scumbag so...you decided to be like her?? Don't be a lying scumbag. It's online dating, most people have multiple days at the beginning. But if they ask you and you lie? You're a scumbag. It sucks that your wife cheated on you, and it's fine to be angry about that, but it doesn't give you a free pass to lie and be an asshole to other women.
Wow, that was...yeah, I can't imagine that. I didn't know about the fluid shifting, or that orb would cause pain. And it didn't sound silly, it sounds horrible. Sonething as minor as an itchy back I'm a spot I can't reach can be frustrating, and that isn't anywhere close to what you described.
&gt; The most comfortable sport clothes are, logically, tight ones Nope! That's just personal preference. For other people this might depend on the type of exercise you're doing, and where you're doing it. Yoga? Okay, tight clothing will stay in place when bending and twisting. Martial arts workout, or running outside? No thanks, give me something loose that will let me have airflow everywhere - tight clothing will just make me sweat in the most uncomfortable way.
And when it's an ad for shoes but she's still in that same sports bra...?
Gotcha. Neither do I lol, even less point for one person. But I tag along with a friend who does - I save enough money to be worth it.
Fair enough! I'm a mid-20's university student pursuing a law degree and trying to graduate without any debt while working low-paying jobs so...yep, I love the cost effectiveness of buying in bulk.
&gt; when she goes out drinking without giving a heads up How is this crazy? Might be your preference to know, but if she was out with friends at an event and they decide to spend more time together &amp; go out for drinks after it ends...that seems pretty normal.
Wait, is THIS what OP was asking? I was so confused...I was wondering if he weirdly collected his cum after he finished in her or something.
Seconding the importance of paying attention to your hair (both on top of your head and on your face). Your haircut really does affect overall attractiveness, same with if it looks touchable or not. Also, I find a lot of men's styling creams tend to make hair look greasy, even if it feels fine/clean, and I always think it looks a bit gross. As for facial hair, this is very much personal preference so take it with a grain of salt. But I don't like facial hair in the first place, so I find ungrounded beards look lazy and tend to take away from the attractiveness of his face.
I'm also 23F who doesn't want kids, I answer the question with "I love them and they love me." BUT, I add an explanation saying I do not want my own kids, but I'll be an amazing aunty. It's worked very well for me so far, since it avoids people thinking I'm cold because I hate children.
Thank you! Now I finally have a term for my hatred. I fucking hate chalk. I don't care how many children ask me to draw on a sidewalk with them, chalk can go to hell. The smell and sound of it is bad enough, but the feel of chalk on my fingers....I honestly want to throw my phone across the room just typing about it, it makes me cringe so hard. What asshole decided chalk should be popularized?! (&gt;_&lt;)
*Physical attractiveness:* it wouldn't bother me. Scars are a part of life, they're reminders of lessons you've learned. And I have my fair share of scars (though they're from positive experiences, not self-harm). *Non-physical:* this depends completely on how recent they are. If they're old scars and the self-harm is firmly in your past, I'd be fine with it. Your past makes you who you are; if I find the man you are now attractive, then those scars may be part of the reason why. If they're recent and/or self-harm is something you still struggle with, it's a massive red flag to me. I've been through it with friends, I won't do so with a SO. If a guy is self-harming, I don't think he's in the right place for a relationship, and I'm not willing to enter into that situation.
&gt; If instead, the example is that you know that something about you would be a deal-breaker for your partner is then lying or misleading them is not acceptable to me No disagreement on that statement. But it's a pretty big jump to go from that to "why would you think it would be?" If I was out and he asked how my day went, I might lie and say I had fun visiting a friend...when in reality, I went to that store he lives to get him an amazing birthday gift. Blatant lie? Yep. Do I think it's okay? Of course it is. Or if he just vomited because he's sick, I'd assure him that "of course I don't mind cleaning up, go rest." But I sure as hell do mind, vomit is gross and smelly and I really want to tell him to stop being sick and clean it up himself. Or if he's trying something difficult for the first time and asks how he's doing, I'm not going to say, "pretty terribly...your wall climbing skills are shit, you've fallen three times and you didn't even finish that last wall." No, I'm going to say, "you're doing great honey, keep going!" **TL;DR:** Point is, there are a LOT of situations where a lie is *not* unacceptable or unethical, because they aren't about big, important things.
&gt; When nitrites are exposed to **high heat, in the presence of amino acids,** they can turn into compounds called nitrosamines. &gt; There are many different types of nitrosamines… and most of them are potent carcinogens. [. . .] &gt; Because most bacon, hot dogs and **processed meat tend to be high in sodium nitrite and they’re high protein foods** (a source of amino acids), exposing them to high heat creates the perfect conditions for nitrosamine formation. &gt; It’s important to keep in mind that nitrosamines mostly form during very high heat. **Even though vegetables also contain nitrates/nitrites, they are rarely exposed to such high heat.** [Source.](https://authoritynutrition.com/are-nitrates-and-nitrites-harmful/) I guess if you only ever flame your veggies on the barbecue, you might have cause for concern. But most people don't cook high-nitrate veggies like lettuce, spinach, beets, or celery on a high heat (or at all)...bacon, on the other hand, is pretty damn popular. *ETA:* and yes, nitrosamines are considered unhealthy since many are carcinogenic: [source.](http://www.cbc.ca/natureofthings/m/features/background-nitrosamines)
It's the combination of high heat and amino acid actually (I replied to this same person earlier in the thread with more info if you want to look for it.) Nitrates themselves are fine, it's what they can turn into that's the problem.
Thanks! I treated myself to some quiet time and a slice of cake, so I'm feeling much better :)
...Oh. I'm Canadian actually lol, but you're right - I am slim. I guess your explanation makes sense, it's just something I've never had to think about.
&gt; It's no fun having such a limited selection of people you want to even try to be with. Yes!!! This is making dating very unenjoyable. I almost feel...guilty. There are a lot of great guys out there, but I'm just not attracted to them. I'd love to expand my preferences, even just a bit, but attraction doesn't work that way.
What kind of relationship do we have? Have we had sex already? Are we getting handsy with one another and exploring each other's bodies or are my hands staying still on your chest? It all depends on context. It can be perfectly fine, a welcome action, or completely unwanted and inappropriate. But you sound a bit young, so I'll add that of you've just begun dating someone and haven't slept together, it's best to err on the side of not doing this. A minor makeout session does not mean I'm ready to start touching you like that.
Oh, I know that. There was a comment above his about how she must be stretched out, I'm on mobile and I read this as a reply to that comment (not a parent comment). So I thought he was saying all those big dicks made her too loose to enjoy a smaller/average one. Which, well, is not how vaginas work.
Costa Rica! It is continually praised for being safe and welcoming for single women travellers. I would exclude the capital city from this, frankly - I did not feel safe there at night (it was fine during the day). But the rest of Costa Rica? I felt safer there than I did in Canada! I went to bars alone, travelled from city to city by bus, made friends with locals and checked out their favourite spots, wandered at night, and had a new dinner companion each evening. Obviously you need to take precautions (only take official taxi cabs, don't flash money around, keep your passport on you), but never once did I feel threatened. I was treated with respect and hospitality - and though the men were extremely flirty, they also backed off completely once I said I wasn't interested.
I feel like 5th grade teachers should be more sensitive about this and aware of such behaviours! I mean, that's around when girls start getting their periods, it's not like it's a surprise to the teachers.
Like OC said: &gt; Your age, and how good-looking or respectable you consider yourself is completely irrelevant. You can be a perfectly normal, non-douchey looking guy in jeans and a clean tshirt. If I'm walking alone at night, *leave me alone.* Don't cross the street to approach me, don't call me over to talk, just don't. I, too, have not had many concerns about "greasy, sluggy, stinky" people. If he looks homeless I may think he'll ask me for money, but I'm no more wary of him at night than I am of a respectable looking guy. A homeless man has never tried to trap me in a bus shelter; an ordinary guy has. So I know you said: &gt; I'm 20, respectable, good looking and in no way resemble anything of a douche ...but it doesn't matter. You can be as young, cute, and respectable as you want; I'm still wary of you if you're walking a few minutes distance behind me on a dark and lonely street.
Touching your arm really means...anything. It could be flirtation...or it could be you're someone she's so not interested in that she thinks it's safe to touch you in a friendly way. And touching your thigh is the same. So...she's just being friendly, she was drinking, she's attracted to you, she's not attracted and sees you as safe, or any other option. *It all depends on context.*
I'd be flattered, if he was much younger I'd think it was cute of him, but I'm not interested in dating younger (I'm only 23 myself). I wouldn't react badly, but I wouldn't give him my number. Of course, it still matters how he approaches me. If he's a jerk, it's just as rude and annoying as if he was the same age as me.
Reason one: practicality. Toe nail polish lasts forever, but on fingers most people chip it way too quickly. Reason two: open-toed shoes without nail polish tends to look unfinished or weird to a lot of people. I know my mom is crazy self-conscious about it. So they'll put the effort into doing their toes even if they can't be bothered to do their fingers.
This is the one thing that would really change for me. When I was doing negotiations training, myself and the other women were warned *not* to be assertive, that we had to maintain a delicate balance of not giving into things while not seeming aggressive. A man could have that aggression in his negotiations and be respected for it. As our instructor said, "the world still sees men and women differently. For the same behaviours, men are confident while women are bitches." So /u/moumouren, I guess the advantage would be not having to walk a fine line where being a tough negotiator results in a personal attack, and instead recieving respect and commendation because I'm a man worthy of those acknowledgements.
I'm Canadian. A guy creepily asking me if he could drink with me, asking me if I "liked" him, and yes, grabbing me to keep me there to talk to me...all this stuff happens in Canada. I find it very odd that you say this because Ghana is even worse. I was thinking of working there this summer, and when I spoke I was warned that there's a lot of entitlement by men towards women - being harassed or hit on was normalized, and if I wanted to work there I needed to be aware of that. Perhaps because you're a man you simply...don't notice? But these are not uncommon experiences.
Well, it all has to do with the 'type' of office. The ones which require pantyhose don't consider shorts acceptable (for men or women). But seriously, my bare legs are not sexual or scandalous in the office! Most professional dresses are cut at just above/below the knee, so they don't show that much skin. If people are looking at my calves or ankles (Victorian era!) in an inappropriate manner, they're the unprofessional ones. All of which was a long way of saying I agree, it's a holdover from a different time which makes no sense in modern life.
I really like this explanation too! So much better than me struggling to explain that having a child is a big decision that affects another life, and it's not fair to 'experiment' with that if I'm unsure because a child's happiness (and my own!) hangs in the balance. Most proletariat just look at me like I'm crazy for worrying about this!
Exactly *how* do you dry blood? Blood sausage I understand because there's a casing. But wouldn't fried blood just evaporate and be reduced into a weird blood syrup??
Oh hell yes, because that's a lie. I don't care that he's not a virgin, I care that he's a liar. I don't want to sleep with someone who will lie like that. Also, it means we didn't have an STI talk so I don't know when he was last tested. That's shady and wrong, and makes it look like he's hiding something - I'd go get myself tested immediately.
&gt; your yuck might be my yum I know what you mean, of course, but this phrasing made me burst out laughing.
I love almost everything about it. I've had some injuries in the past so my body hasn't always been as, well, able-bodied as I'd like. It it's been functioning great for over a year now, and that makes me really happy! It's fairly visually appealing which makes me happy. Unfortunately, my body doesn't have as much muscle as I'd like. Now that I'm not having mobility issues, I can focus on adding that muscle!
If you do post one of those questions, I highly recommend the second 'how did you meet' one. The first will likely result on people making snarky remarks or lighthearted jokes about how they 'all stand around in coffeeshops waiting for a guy eating a muffin, because that's what all dominant women do' etc.
Comment from the thread link you posted on 'Models:' &gt; It sounds so obvious when you say it, but it's almost like women are people, and being a more well-rounded, honest, fulfilled individual rather than a manipulative twat makes people want to be around you... It's so sad that this actually needed to be explained to people. But I'm glad there's a book out there that says it if it needs to be said!
LOL. I'm sitting here going "yeah, but some people have open relationships etc." You? You're going, "yeah, but then they die soooo problem solved." Jeez! :p
Hm, I guess that makes sense. I don't know if I'd ever try it, but it's interesting to know this is something people eat! Still, that would be one hell of a surprise dinner at your grandma's house, yikes.
Awwww! Okay, that's damn adorable.
&gt; I hang out with more males than females, and I often feel judged for it. This is pretty normal. Some women work in male-dominated industries, or have male-dominated passions. It's fine, no judgement. &gt; Personally, males are just easier to vibe with. Ah, well. *This* I'm judging you for. This is a huge generalization, and it sounds like you're saying you "just don't get along with women/just aren't like other women." Yeah, that's not cool. Having mostly guy friends is fine. Dismissing half of humanity...not so much. It's one thing to just share interests with mostly guys. But if you can't get along with half the population, or you're judging half the population as being X, well, you're the common denominator there. If you honestly don't think you get along with women, I'd suspect you're the problem.
*Men:* deny rape exists, and insist sexual assault statistics exist only because women lie. (Sadly, I've even enountered a few such lovely individuals on this sub.) *Women:* overuse "creepy." Yes, creeps exist, and encountering them sucks. But he isn't creepy just because you aren't attracted to him! If an attractive guy acting the same way isn't a creep, then neither is the first guy. Not being attractive to you doesn't make someone a creep or a loser.
First, stop having sex without protection! This is how you end up a dad. &gt; the first time we did it we didn't use one because she says "it hurts her". Was she a virgin? If so, the sex might have been uncomfortable if she was nervous (so not aroused enough), not because of the condom. Alternatively, she could be like me. Condoms are miserable things, and I'm not sure I'll ever try them again! They make me go drier than a desert and hurt like hell - I thought it was just friction, but lube makes it bearable, not enjoyable. No matter what, condoms suck for me. I'm wondering if I could have a latex allergy, maybe your girlfriend does too OP. Try non-latex condoms, or ask her to go to the doctor (to get tested for an allergy, and maybe to talk about an implant or the pill). Mind if I ask why she isn't using birth control? Bad reaction, no money, just hasn't gotten around to it?
Ah, that makes sense! Even if nothing comes of it except improved social skills, those are one hell of a benefit in the long run.
So don't ask. It's her body, not theirs. And doctors are obligated to keep it confidential. You can also help her, that's what my ex did when we were in the same situation you two are now (a pregnancy scare was also our wakeup, no way was I having a baby). She can make the appointment while hanging out with you. If you drive, you can give her a ride or accompany her into the waiting room. And if it's the pill, be aware she will almost guaranteed fuck up taking it for the first months - so either be her back up reminder, wear a condom (try non-latex), or don't have sex.
If they can't perform both parts, they cannot serve in both roles. If they can't fulfill their professional obligations (including referrals), they are not fit to practice. It's fine to not want to perform assisted suicide themselves because it violates their Christian beliefs. Flexibility is acceptable (a referral instead of performing it themselves), but allowing their religion to trump their professional obligations is not. If they want to be Christian doctors, they need to act like doctors too - not just Christians.
I'm physically attracted to him. I'm mentally intrigued by him. I would like to get to now him more. So...same reasons a guy would date someone? (There are also the less-flattering reasons like she said yes on a whim, she didn't feel comfortable saying no, or she didn't actually know it was a date.)
I live in a cold place, I spend 6-8 months shivering. I'd be thrilled! It's thoughtful, sweet, and useful.
That's what I figured! I just didn't want to say it in my comment because, well, I'm not a lesbian, so I could only speak from assumptions and not experience.
But only a boy cat! Because OP's problem is with "females," not just human women... (Seriously though, cats are wonderful.)
I was 21 when my boyfriend's mom asked me. My response was, "You already know the answer to that, do you really want to hear me say it? We've been together for years." She never asked again :p
I use pads because a tampon is waaaaay too much with my flow. And by pads I mean pantyliners - one usually lasts me all day. I find tampons uncomfortable, so I'm happy with my liners.
Because I am happy being single. If I'm in a relationship, I'll have to compromise and think about the other person. But I want to selfishly pursue my career, even if it means picking up and leaving to pursue a better job. Proof that I made the right choice is that I answered a call last night, and have a flight booked for Sunday - I'm flying across the country to work there for the rest of summer. I couldn't do that so easily in a relationship, I'd feel tied down. I'm single because it is the best choice at this point in my life. Being single makes me happy, gives me the time to pursue what I love, and allows me the freedom to pick up and move without disturbing another person's life. I think it's great!
I guess I'll be the minority saying this here but...I don't like chubby. At all. That doesn't mean I like chiseled (if that means a muscle-popping bodybuilder, I dislike that bodytype too), it just means I like it more than chubby. Body type matters a lot to me. I'm only attracted to a very narrow range, and while chiseled is a bit too muscled so it falls on the outer edge of my preferences, chubby is completely outside the range. I just am not sexually attracted, and sexual attraction is essential to me. Mind you, you also mentioned personality. Is the chiseled guy funny too? That makes me more inclined to like him romantically (since even a great body can't compensate for a shit personality). And maybe the funny chubby guy will be a great friend. As I've said elsewhere: "I've actually tried dating outside of my ideal range, because he was such an awesome guy. I didn't even enjoy kissing him, and I had no interest in getting handsy. Sex was out of the question, which means a relationship wasn't happening. I hope I don't sound too harsh saying this, but it was a mistake I won't make again."
I'm glad it's appreciated, it was nice to be able to speak about it openly without anyone getting upset. &gt; yours is very helpful voice. I'm glad to hear this! Thank you :)
That's crazy to me! I knew some women had a heavier flow, of course, but I had no idea a super tampon and pad combo could still not be enough. At least your friends were willing to cover your ass for you lol. As for that white swimsuit...what was your school thinking?? Such a bad choice.
Shut your mouth! Or, um, still your fingers. Either way, do not put such thoughts out into the universe! It might hear you and listen...
That pisses me off. Educators need to wake up, clue in, and be more sensitive/aware! Sorry your director was an ass.
I'm mixed race -- I must have more traditional values. I'm a woman -- I must be incapable of certain tasks because I'm physically weak and emotionally frail, and I must want a family/a baby. I'm young -- I don't know what I want, I'll change my mind about being childfree. I was sexually assaulted -- I must be damaged, I must have sexual hangups, no one actually deals with it and moves on. I'm pretty -- I must not be smart, and I'm probably a [female dog]. I'm slim -- I must watch my weight and be obsessed with counting calories. I have short hair -- I'm a lesbian. I'm annoyed at your screw up -- I must be on my period, I can't be legitimately angry...it's just the hormones talking. I'm single -- I should be pitied because I can't find a man, since it's inconceivable I'm enjoying my first bout of singlehood in years. ...I'm sure there are others, but these were the ones I thought of immediately.
&gt; a lot of 23-year old women lean towards leftist ideas like pro-choice, pro-gay, anti-gun, etc. But how many of these 23-year old women are dedicated to their views? A lot, especially if it affects them. I mean, if she's pro choice, she'll probably be dedicated enough to her views to get that abortion, whether you like it or not. So this is a pretty big deal in a relationship even if no one is on the streets fighting for it. Also, I've personally ended a relationship because I found out he was anti-gay. I couldn't see him the same way, it ruined our relationship. Again, no street protest needed to make my dedication to my views important in the relationship!
😀 Thank you! 💕
Aw, thanks! It gets the point across in a delightfully cringe-inducing way.
I read it as "mother of a turkey." Am I wrong? Is it not a turkey mama? :p
