Ever try flipping it? As in the recipe, not an egg. Anejo and white port.
Where the fuck is brann?
Could do dobel white reposado and be tight.
That's more like you're change back. A refund would be all the amount they took.
I think he means it's not printed what the money is used for.
If you pay ten bucks for a beer that's sic bucks and get four back the four is not a refund.
Change with no interest.
I saw this episode ten minutes ago and noticed it as well. Had a chuckle at Rick the dick.
No sandlot gif?
Wet means vermouth.
And wages have stayed the same since then.
Adjusted for inflation?
The link you posted is basically quoting my original statement. "Wages have stayed the same" vs "wages have barely budged for decades"
He hooked himself. Implying he's not too smart.
Better in the sense that it doesn't take oil to make and is completely renewable?
I would argue it does as you scale up for production. Just to pull one of your examples how many years would it take to grow a coconut tree just to use the byproduct of the fruit and not the entire plant?
Hemp can grow in far more places in the world than just the equator like coconuts.
Found the bee killer.
We're in debt to them because they purposefully keep their dollar low and exploit workers.
The difference would be wolves not stray dogs.
Dumplings anyone? Dario argento?
Never here. Politicians in my state do whatever they want once elected and it's pretty damn hard to vote out incumbents.
Reminds me of that japanther video. Edit : panther not japanther https://youtu.be/pnP9CjDxRDM
Xanga
He just defined the word. I'd say that's checkmate dude.
Ha
Zing!
Probably just wait ten years and send in the robots.
Who greenlighted this song haha.
Fisting?
Doubt that dude is making jamon or mortadella.
Andouille
Can somebody overdub a wudos band track over this for me?
Isn't there a study about the more advanced a culture gets the less children they have? Pretty sure I've seen a few Ted talks on it at least.
What no cipollini?
Did I say anything about lyrical content?
Did it work? I'm actually curious.
Divide and conquer
To be fair we took all five miles. No animal in the history of earth has made it this far yet. We will eventually fail no doubt but the next big thing will see all we left behind.
Nooooo waaaaaay
Red green was my shit.
Miller is Milwaukee
Hey that thing that got destroyed that cost billions of dollars and years to build? Some rich dude has another one. Crisis averted.
Kind of like beam and suntory. None of these international companies belong to any one nation anymore regardless of headquarters.
Wait til it comes out their super pacs are buying our presidents elections.
He should've sucked his dick.
I always tilted my chair back and then sat on my toes.
I've kept my weed in the amerna jar after use. Smells great and is the perfect size.
Fun note the luxardos are the remains from after they pit them to make luxardo. The luxardo family has owned the same orchard since the 18th century. Probably the same cherries Harry craddock used.
You win life. You don't work in Tulsa do you?
Reminds me of every gas station in my hometown on 9/11.
Alvin Toffler future shock describes this exact thing.
What's to stop foreign nations forming corporations to buy elections?
Lol
Meh I dunno. I seem to remember Bart Simpson getting an elephant from a radio show on this premise.
I really wanna like hockey but I grew up in Oklahoma with zero chance. Where do I start?
Thanks! I'll give it a go. Not the friend thing, everybody here watches football and baseball but definitely just start with the season.
Whitest video I've ever seen.
Can you even buy a quince anymore?
Hurry up and make weed legal. Source an Oklahoman whose been driving for your beer for a decade.
Playgirl*
Wish I could. Wish I had stairs too though.
Investments imply a return.
Dude just doesn't get it. Let's cut our losses on the one Asian dude that doesn't get math.
Live in your car be home faster!
Live in your car be home faster!
I get that it helps you get to work to make the 30k which may seem like the return on your 3k purchase however roi would be if you sold the 3k car for 4k.
Fat kid still fat.
Pretty much just wants to be from the 1910 to 1940s era dude with a cell phone to post shit on the internet.
Hanging with the boys
This. One word sentences.
Yeah me too. It's the equivalent of I can't even. Can't what? Finish a sentence?
Between the buried and me vocalist.
Oklahoma had the ten commandments at our capital til a drunk driver plowed em down.
I thought a drunk driver plowed these down last year.
Jesus lizard is a sweet band.
It's poptarts all the way down.
Fried beer raviolis!
Tell that to Phil Hartman.
It was in walk like a man.
Tell that to Frasier.
Is there precedent for a scj having dimentia or altzheimers?
Isn't that supposed to be isreal?
Oh yeah my j went out. Thanks homie.
This song.
What is it
Caligula was tight too.
You forgot to pinch your nose bridge every four seconds.
Pics
Worked for the beatles
Yeah, he plays a character in that episode.
Yeah fuck them.
The world went and got itself in such a damned hurry.
So maybe don't call them korea anymore? Why is it's south Korea's responsibility?
I think it's inevitable.
We did spend half a century jailing people for being rumored as communist.
Same with Kevin's dad on wonder years
Every thread. Really?
The dude that started it owned a restaurant called the chili bowl a long time ago. Just a huge racing fan that was like fuck it lets do our own loud as fuck Mario kart without the bananas.
He wasn't wrong in 2002
The ref ftw
What do you do when the restaurant guidebook of New York says have a fun night out with fasting?
I read this in Nathan Explosions voice.
Uh except the name fallout sells itself. Why pander?
Ten rapes sounds like a lot. When is amateur hour again?
Went with a walmart
This was my first thought too.
We also don't have to worry about bears like they did. It actually made sense to have guns back then as nature was not our bitch like today. Without a common enemy we create our own. People killing people over emotions. Adults throwing tantrums with bullets.
No sarcasm or anything but *why* do you carry?
Took me a while to find the guy with any sense. The people want the right to defend themselves from other people who have the right to defend themselves. Everybody is the good guy in their own eyes. Pretty sure I can live my whole life without being worried about being murdered.
I actually did forget. Damn.
Two hundred years ago you didn't need to be in the forest.
Letting women die due to pregnancy complications could be viewed as murder.
Burning witches?
Are you physically detained and/or accosted that often?
"Work"
Oops - USA
"Jobs"
Guam still not too pumped.
cool cool cool
Tens of thousands isn't a lot compared to 300k
The comments on that subreddit gave me a brain tumor
Those two sentences are contradictory.
Something from the sixties wouldn't be local or contemporary. I wouldn't be holding your breath for it to come up in class if those are their guidelines.
After going melee I finally got high enough to build up my int to get the fusion core launcher.
All of those genocides were pre internet.
This was hard to read.
Am I wrong in thinking our sun is 14 in galaxy years then?
Little diddy.
No wonder my sun is always jerking off.
Fuck book fairs anyway. I have over 200 books in my house. If my son wants he can read any of them.
Yeah I remember reading grapes of wrath in like third grade or something. I was always years ahead as far as that went. Definitely helped shape who I would become. Patience being one of my big attributes.
Curie's human body?
Yogi bear and the spruce goose. It's bassically the Hanna barbera aviator.
Wtf is a meme - g.w. bush
Pragmatic and dark. Pretty good.
"Dick Cheney speaking"
I think they are mounted next to the espresso machine in newer fridges.
Maybe even tattoo them with barcodes?
I was only pointing out how ludicrous they were being. Thanks for the reprimand though. Really.
I know it's not a word but I like the sound of rinch.
Hang on. Give him a minute to copy and paste his answer again.
Doot doo doo, oh shit a house!
Could be borolo
I read the comment as why is that vermouth in the fridge
So what is a religion?
Chuck Norris undercover.
Not sure why you're being downvoted. You're right.
What about Roosevelt and the other Kennedy?
What's it called when a woman who is well known as a well qualified badass in her field fucks up and drops the ball, and her peer or boss or subordinate(the relationship doesn't really matter I guess) who is a man says what happened? Oh maybe you should have done this? The woman's skills aren't being brought into question nor is it an issue of her sex.
"If you don't want to be called a nigger stop acting like one"
Then yeah that's weird.
Jeff goldblum
You're husband is a lucky man.
Pretty sure we hit one billion people in the fifties. And here we are 60-70 years later at over 7 billion.
Grammar :(
Stab, slice, chop, dice, filet, julienne
No offense to Billy g but I'd take Terry Kath anyway. RIP.
Yeah they're letting us eat cake alright.
Are they going to put the audiences who paid to watch it to work?
All he's gotta do is text. How you doin?
That's a better title anyway.
Make sure you're using a P3 bit.
What's the name of that lady who drowned her baby?
When the fuck will any of these subscriptions allow shuffle play? Just take note of what I watch and shuffle it so I don't spend 30 minutes searching through dogshit movies and shows.
Burn him at the stake?
That's just vague enough of a solution to work!
What would I do while smoking cigs and taking shits?
Man this is a waspy ass subreddit.
Could be why their poops are white.
TIL 100 mil is 2/3 of 300+ mil
So I guess there'd probably be more bombings if they wanted to mass murder. I'm actually against guns and all types of violence, just following the conversation train.
I'm sure he meant the many hundreds of miles of coast that can't be completely watched.
Murrah building was a higher yield.
Pretty much op's point
I have got to get me one of these!
Tell that to the governor of Oklahoma. Ten commandments on the capital lawn.
Or better friends.
Good?
Serious question. Why doesn't the eu just annex Syria and any other country they are accepting refugees from?
Ah extortion.
I guess the universal truth follows that money talks a bigger game than bloodshed.
Yeah but those were white refugees.
Just seems like if you're taking on the burden of feeding and clothing people from Syria you might as well control Syria and feed them with their own resources.
Solar flare?
I have an epiphone aj-200sce that plays and sounds like a dream. Cutaway and pickup. Also has a built in tuner. I got it brand new for 279.
Know what's tight? Amazon music. It's included with prime along with the TV service so I don't have to pay for spotify or listen to just shuffle and commercials.
You can access the map from the pipboy app iirc.
I'm on my second play through as all melee. I really wish you could dual wield.
Eh I like the ui better and you can add full albums to your amazon cloud and watch through the TV or whatever else. I know you can do that too but with firestick it's on the homescreen vs opening a separate spotify app.
Actually my point was the US would never have opened their borders for middle easterners after ww2 only other white European descendants.
Arms list is person to person so no background checks.
Found the government assisted dude.
Cold brew is a thing though.
Good looks.
Having a place to so homework as a kid probably helped.
I've been playing guitar for about 25 years and I thought Page was a god til I heard Terry Kath.
Or minus the bear.
Yeah honestly I've been playing Bach lately and that shit Is more metal than anything anybody thinks up anymore.
Upvote
