Maybe Oregon isn't a good fit for you.
Wanna go spelunking some time? }:)
I'm with the Predator on this one.
Nothing. It actually works better if nobody knows about it. The only reason you might tell somebody is if they are agonizing over existential stuff and you want to supply relief.
The butthurt is strong in this one
Given that what passes for an electric scooter in China is usually really an electric bicycle with body panels, this is a big step up for that price. Lithium batteries, a top speed that is suited for in-city use and it looks like a proper scooter. Too bad it'll be marked way up if it ever comes stateside.
We don't need this degenerate activity going on in our community. The church, I mean.
He isn't giving a bad image to Christianity, Christianity itself is a bad religion. You're just here to run damage control.
May the floods intensify such that they all drown. Nothing of value will be lost.
He's mistaken, but entitled to his opinion.
&gt;It cannot be argued that the occurrence is a construct of my mind. Oh? Watch this: The occurrence is a construct of your mind. There, I argued it.
I already did earlier, but you rejected it. That's not my problem. Climb into the trash please.
Not virally structured ones. Human beings are helpless meme repeaters and uniquely vulnerable to that sort of thing. It's like suggesting that the internet will one day be free of worms, botnets, malware, etc.
Just responding to the claim in the title tbh. If he means something else by it then nevermind.
There is sort of a soft bigotry of lowered expectations. So long as those Muslims aren't beheading anybody or blowing shit up, it's felt that they're doing as well as they possibly can.
Christians did this, I guarantee it. They will never tire of bullying gays. They are too numerous and influential to fight, so all decent people targeted by them for humiliation and ruin can do is pick up the pieces and try to get on with their lives.
Maybe with good reason. Retaliation can easily go too far, doesn't really fix the initial harm and just injects more suffering into the world. But at the same time, if centuries of heinous abuse can be carried out with zero consequences, where's the justice in that? It's not even a matter of punishing the sons for the sins of the father because Christians still commonly bully, discriminate against and otherwise humiliate gays.
What on earth are you talking about?
I think mostly just being unfamiliar with other religions' teachings.
what
Thanks to the NSA, comprehensive profiles exist on everybody who expresses remotely radical views about anything. The necessary data exists for identifying people who are aggressively anti gay for religious reasons. There's certainly grey area but I would be satisfied with targeting only the worst offenders. I think execution is arguably justified for such people, but professional ruination and exemption from welfare/food stamps would be satisfactory. Alternatively, perhaps 100 years of steep reparations.
According to the book of the people who killed them. According to Mein Kampf, Jews are also very, very bad.
"Be the change you want to see in the world"
So are we wrong to suppress Nazis in the modern day?
No I wouldnt say that, because being gay isn't wrong. Christians believe it is based on the teachings of their religion, but their religion is demonstrably false. It does not concern me that they can't be convinced of this, as it remains true regardless.
I understand how you feel but disagree. If at all possible I will nonetheless try to implement my preferred solution over your protestations.
http://www.haaretz.com/mobile/israel-to-seek-another-1b-euros-holocaust-in-reparations-from-germany-1.1739 http://www.timesofisrael.com/germany-increases-reparations-for-holocaust-survivors/ http://m.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-902528.html
Not until somebody throws dirt on me. The point where forgiveness might've been possible is a decade behind me. I will forever be a thorn in the side of Christians, seeking to return to them at least some small fraction of the suffering they have inflicted on others. I would do this tirelessly even if I were the only one. But increasingly I'm not.
Alright.
I love you too buddy
&gt;Then the centuries of brutality are irrelevant when deciding whether to punish modern Christians. Then anybody can get away with any crime however reprehensible, with zero consequences whatsoever, so long as they die of old age before it is possible to punish them. &gt;In your opinion, who should we punish, how do we find them, and what should the punishment be? Conversion into energy dense, clean burning biofuel via thermal depolymerization. Two birds, one stone! Wouldn't even have to kill 'em if you only take their jiggling rolls of fat, just make 'em pay for the lipo out of pocket. :) &gt;Taking money from individual Germans, such as the descendants of Nazis, is not. Because they are no longer Nazis. But, today's Christians *are* still Christians, so the comparison falls flat. &gt;Indeed - so what should we do about it that we're not already doing? Violence? Criminalising religion? Reparations would be fine, tbh. In the form of taxes on churches who have been outspokenly homophobic.
&gt;"a thread demanding the collective punishment of Christians" That was mine, I'm not an atheist. You just *assumed* it.
Your article concerns terrorism **only in the US and Europe** (not worldwide) and refutes the claim that all terrorists are Muslims, something I never said. Meanwhile here is a [direct link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_%28non-state%29_terrorist_incidents#1970.E2.80.93present) to the breakdown of attacks by year I was talking about. The one you said you visited and didn't find what I described. Here's [a screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/CsJVJEU.png) of the list of attacks for 2015. Here's [more of it](http://i.imgur.com/a7S3OlB.png), scrolled down. [Yet more of it](http://i.imgur.com/IO7i3PU.png). Notice the pattern? So in fact, what I said *is* true, and you're a liar.
They're still doing it though.
Into atheism, sure. I'd promote what I believe in but you've got to go through atheism to get there.
I tried to tell people this but was shouted down as anti-space, a pessimist, etc.
No. But I know you. Casually cruel to sweet, decent people. Powerless to do anything but pick up the pieces of their lives and try to move on after you've stomped them into the dirt. You carry on like that secure in the belief that you'll always be on top. Because right now, you're in the majority. [But the winds are changing](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/blurring-lines-decline-u-s-christianity-mirrors-larger-trends-n358066). Someday I will wade chest deep in your gore.
You're damn right I am.
"I am still...emperooorrraggggaregserrhbsrystg34f34" *disintegrates*
I am immeasurably relieved that your cat escaped without major injuries. And don't be so shocked, people will surprise you. They're not all great but nor are all or even most terrible. They really will surprise you, so be open to that.
Recommended viewing: www.kidnappedforchrist.com Then you can supply your justification for it. I will seriously entertain what you have to say.
It's been ~19 centuries, I think your 77 pardons were exhausted some time ago.
Nope. Here's why. Matthew 16:27-28: *"For the Son of Man is going to come in his Father’s glory with his angels, and then he will reward each person according to what they have done. Truly I tell you, some who are standing here will not taste death before they see the Son of Man coming in his kingdom.”* Christ predicted his second coming would occur very soon after his death. That never took place. Revelations was a metaphorical prediction of the fall of Rome, written as metaphor because Christians could not openly criticize Rome at the time for fear of persecution. Everywhere in the New Testament that Christ discusses his second coming, it is explicitly said to be imminent, not 2,000+ years later. *"…he was wrong. He clearly knew no more about the end of the world than anyone else. It is certainly the most embarrassing verse in the Bible."* —C. S. Lewis, The World’s Last Night and Other Essays (New York: Harcourt Brace &amp; Company, 1973), 98. (Post-conversion) **Pre-emptive answers to common objections:** 1. “No one knows the day or the hour” means that the date cannot be known precisely. However, that does not stop Jesus from repeatedly giving a general timeframe of several decades within which to expect his second coming. 2. It can't be interpreted to mean you and I as metaphorical apostles because he specifically says "some of you standing here", as in the people he was talking to at that time. The full context reinforces that, he was speaking to disciples who accompanied him to Caesar Phillipi who wanted to know how they would recognize the second coming. 3. It can't be interpreted as referring to the transfiguration because the events described in verse 27 don't happen at the transfiguration (Jesus, God and angels coming from the clouds, judging mankind according to their deeds). 4. Daniel's visions don't satisfy the claim either because while they depict seven apocalyptic creatures (representing kingdoms that ruled over the Jews up to that point) nowhere does Daniel's vision describe Christ's return. 5. The 666/616 gematria code known as the number of the Beast must mean Nero/Neron, because only that name fits both 666 (Nero) and 616 (Neron). Source: http://www.math.harvard.edu/~elkies/mp666.html. This is because the book of Revelations was intended to metaphorically describe the fall of Rome, in a time when Christians could not openly predict it. 6. It's true that some of the events Christ said must occur before his second coming have not yet occurred. However, submitting this as proof that Christ must have meant something else in the verses supplied above presupposes that he actually was clairvoyant, instead of simply being wrong about those predictions too, because he was a regular human being without the ability to see the future. 7. For those who say that no Christian tastes death but lives on forever, it is clear Christ meant bodily death by other verses wherein he tells his traveling companions which signs they may personally expect to witness as his second coming approaches. They, according to Christ, should anticipate those signs within their lifetimes and would know by those signs that his second coming was imminent. There are two deaths: bodily and spiritual. 8. Jesus’ resurrection does not fit the criteria supplied by the verse because he did not, on that occasion, “come in his Father’s glory with his angels, and reward each person according to what they have done.” By that description it’s clear he is referring to his second coming, as explored more thoroughly in Revelations. 9. “When Christ said some standing there would not taste death before witnessing his return, that isn’t the kind of death he meant.” But it is. Hence "taste". There are two deaths. The first bodily and the second spiritual. He's referring to the first (to merely taste, rather than to eat) as those saved in him will only briefly experience death before being resurrected. 10. He cannot have meant the destruction of Jerusalem because the events described (Christ coming in the clouds with God and angels, judging men according to what they had done) did not occur when Jerusalem fell. 11. “But Jesus performed miracles!” ….according to a book written by his devoted followers, used to convert more people to their religion. According to books written by Scientologists about L. Ron Hubbard, he was one of America's first nuclear physicists, a war hero and the greatest humanitarian ever to live. And the Qur'an says that Muhammad once split the moon in half by pointing at it, then rejoined the halves. Was Muhammad therefore a true prophet? 12. “How do you explain all those fulfilled prophecies?” Almost all of which are recorded in one book of the Bible, then recorded **after the fact** as having come true in a later book of the Bible. This is a very easy trick. Observe: In 1998 I predicted that on Sept. 11, 2001 planes would collide with the WTC towers. Amazing! How did I know that? Am I clairvoyant? This is also how Qur’anic prophecies work, although I assume you’d already figured that out, just not applied it to your own religion. The ones not yet fulfilled are sufficiently vague as to always be true. Like “there will be wars and rumors of wars”. This is so the eschaton always appears imminent: World events will always appear to confirm Biblical prophecy, no matter what century you live in. To close, the entirety of Matthew through John, wherever Christ speaks of his return he does it in language that makes it clear he expects it to be IMMINENT. (A good example of this is in 1 John 2:18, where Christ urges the followers he is writing to: “18 Children, it is the last hour, and as you have heard that antichrist is coming, so now many antichrists have come. Therefore we know that it is the last hour.”) Over and over he stresses to them that they should not to make long term plans (like marriage: 1 Cor. 7:29-31), not to go on living in the world as if it will still be here for the rest of their lives, and to look for specific signs that they specifically can expect to see shortly after his crucifixion. This was committed to writing a few decades after Christ's death by people who still believed they were living in a window of time that was consistent with what Christ predicted for his return. Then it just never got changed, because of the freezing effect of orthodoxy on preserving the contents of a holy text. It was just continually reinterpreted in a way to make it seem like Jesus wasn't wrong.
Whatever details you reveal should raise more questions than they answer.
When the problem is with the foundation, you've really gotta start over.
Or just build and settle underground
Do you work for free?
[This](http://i.imgur.com/OZrKd9N.jpg) is my old helmet that I built a solar powered swamp cooler into. There's also a pair of heaters but they require a battery pack, kept in the jacket's breast pocket.
Because it disrupts rhetorically useful generalizations, which they would be the first to object to if it were about race instead.
Rule 1: Do not offer his god a peanut
Realize, creationists often claim that an old universe is an invention of atheists specifically to allow time for evolution to happen. I know you don't believe that, but the underlying reasoning is the same as yours. As a counterpoint, we used to know only of Earth. Looking at how well suited it is for life, many argued it could only be that way if an intelligence created it. Then we discovered that in fact, there are countless worlds, such that the existence of some with the right properties for life is a probabilistic necessity. Can you see how multiple universes is an extension of that? Not simply something atheists invented to frustrate you but part of a larger pattern.
Thanks! This is useful info.
Ahhh! My potato! My doctor said I'm not supposed to get turtles in there
How would the poor wind up living on what will necessarily be some of the most expensive real estate on the planet
I'm feelin' it. The propulsion gun is useful as heck for displacing dangerous predators from regions where I want to construct bases or forage for metals.
Yes, stay miles away from that shit.
Thank you robot ilu :'3
Part 2 [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/sciencefiction/comments/37sdk5/triangle_opportunity_part_2/)
I don't know who darqwolf is and don't understand how I'm remiss in standing up for myself. I am a valid person who has made useful contributions. I don't think that's unreasonable to say when somebody puts me down. I also don't think we've spoken before so I doubt I've personally wronged you. I was rude to /u/DreamHouseJohn however which is why my last post included an apology.
Whatever you're looking at right now is part of God.
Not yet, but I have begun work on a part 3. Don't expect it too soon, I'm gonna want to really polish it.
Florida Man should stay in his own state.
Yeah, but humans wrote that. Is it impossible we're wrong? If there's a being which isn't technically infinitely powerful but simply has all of the power that exists, is it not appropriate to call it God? What about "Supreme Being"?
No it doesn't. What it specifically says is that nobody knows the day or the hour, i.e. not with precision. That doesn't somehow make it non-apocalyptic, besides which Christ repeatedly sets a general timeframe of a few decades within which to expect his return: 1 John 2:18 *Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour.* Matthew 16:27-28 *For the Son of Man is going to come in the glory of His Father with His angels, and will then repay every man according to his deeds. Truly I say to you, there are some of those who are standing here who will not taste death until they see the Son of Man coming in His kingdom.* Matthew 24:34 *Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened.* Matthew 12:23 *When you are persecuted in one place, flee to another. Truly I tell you, you will not finish going through the towns of Israel before the Son of Man comes.*
Not as such, but I have [plenty of other stories](http://www.inkitt.com/alexbeyman) set in the Institute universe, with Zach and the professor. I'll let you discover which ones by yourself. :)
There's some symbolism in this, I just don't know if it was intentional. Even while the rest of the world grows and changes around it, the church stubbornly stays the same.
Oh that's just a generic name I made up for bulk foods stores like Winco, Costco and so on. They're fine places to shop, so long as you can get out when you're done.
I am hype as fuck for this game. Loved Amnesia but found the setting less compelling than Penumbra's. SOMA looks to have nailed that aspect.
&gt;"I wanted to cry because I'm really non confrontational and at that moment I just wanted to crumple up and cry." Ah geez. Here comes the feels train. ( ಥ_ಥ)
If what you say is true, me too. I don't mean that it *makes* them stronger though, just that it impresses me that the experience doesn't kill them.
I wrote [a novella](http://www.inkitt.com/stories/13596) involving eugenics as a major plot element some time ago. Maybe you'll like it.
It's fantastic. 2 (Black Plague) is slightly better than 1 (Overture) but play both back to back for the full experience. In the span of a single night if possible. 3 (Requiem) isn't really a proper Penumbra game, but a physics puzzler similar to Portal, set in the Penumbra world. A lot of people were disappointed but I rather liked it. Just for another taste of the Penumbra atmosphere, even with different gameplay.
&gt;It is most certainly evidence when you break through to a whole new hyper real dimension No such thing ever happens. It seems that way to you because you ingested a powerful hallucinogen. &gt;And since both parties have their eyes closed and are both unconscious during the trip of their bodies it's not just some subconscious communication. What documented experiment are you referring to here? Or is it a hypothetical you've invented?
He could still be gay, look at that beard
How do you figure? I just see it as one of their implications.
...You...should really need a heat resistant suit, or the exoskeleton, to get that close to lava.
I understand it, I think. If you're gonna do battery swapping where the company owns the battery, for that model to work they need how much you pay to reliably, precisely correlate to how much charging and discharging has occurred. Because it's all calculated so that the money from customers paying for swaps eventually covers the cost of replacing the battery when it degrades to an unusable range. If the customer can recharge without the company tracking it, degradation occurs which the customer doesn't pay for.
Before.
Waste from lithium mining doesn't go into the atmosphere.
That's pretty fuckin' great.
I believe in a non-supernatural God, and dispute the authority of your definition.
In general, no. Abrahamic ones, yes.
I see. But while "it makes sense that this would happen, if different religions cannot all be right" is true, it seems to deliberately miss the point of what I was saying. This is why I was confused, seemed like you didn't understand or were avoiding it. What I was trying to get across is that a supercessionist religion wants to build itself on the authority and success of an existing religion, but doesn't want the same thing to happen to itself. Hence front loaded sabotage against that ("Many will come in my name saying I am he", "Muhammad is the final prophet", etc.)
&gt;None of this is about being a big religion or just existing. On the surface. But that's certainly been the result. Anyways, what would you say to the Muslim contention that Jesus' message was corrupted over time and requires the Qur'an/Hadith to clarify it?
&gt; "Trust in The Lord with all your heart, And do not rely on your own understanding." - Proverbs 3:5 Seems calculated to sabotage critical thinking.
Of course they do, their religion is an offshoot of Christianity. Same reason Christians believe in the god of the Torah.
She's right, convert her to biofuel
I'm unsure why you're telling me that as if I don't know it. Did you fully read and understand the post you're replying to?
I don't have a religion. The supreme being I believe in follows inescapably from materialism and casuality. Basically the same lines of evidence which commonly convince people of atheism, just thought through a bit further.
Do you value truth?
&gt;Oh wow no, that's completely wrong. I'm sure it seems that way from the inside. &gt;There are countless non-Christians/Jews converts to Christianity BECAUSE of the evidence that supports the Bible. There are also countless converts from Christianity to Islam or Mormonism because they have their own 'evidence' supporting their contentions that people find convincing. &gt;I would go as far as to say that most Jewish scholars who are against the evidence has a lot to do with personal reasons (An issue with the heart rather then the mind) Muslims would and frequently do say this about Christians who do not find their apologetics convincing.
&gt;Yes, but my excuse is "actual" and their's isn't. Big difference No, it isn't. You still haven't shown that Jesus meets the messianic criteria found in the Torah. Because he doesn't. All you have for this are excuses or silence. &gt;From my previous post, Muslims deny that Jesus died on the cross, but Greek Historians say he died on the cross, Romans Historians confirm it, Pagan historians confirm it, Jewish historians confirm it, and Christian historians confirm it. So they are making a claim that historically is untrue and why even today they ignore the argument all together in debates shows they refuse to believe the evidence because it contradicts the claims of the Quran. Hey buddy, we agree on that. Jesus died on the cross, as did lots of other people. Muslims are wrong about that. But, Jesus also did not meet the messianic criteria found in the Torah. That's something Christians are wrong about. &gt;I also didn't go into the criteria of Jesus fulfilling the prophecies concerning the Messiah because that would be an entirely different debate that has nothing to do with the OP's question. I am OP. Go into it now.
&gt;Given the dominance of atheism in this sub and how anything that isn't atheism is viewed, do you keep your beliefs closely guarded because you are ashamed to talk about them in the event that you might be asked to justify them? No, in fact it's primarily atheists I share it with because they're already materialists. Any supernaturalist, especially someone who believes God is separate from and creator of the universe, will be fundamentally unreceptive to it. I also generally don't want Christians or Muslims to know because their religions have a history of assimilating any ideas they deem useful and which they're unable to destroy. Evolution most recently, although for the most part Islam hasn't given up fighting it yet. I suppose I have an affinity for atheism as I was one for a very long time, so I tend to side with them on a lot of things. &gt;I think Carl Sagan was a pantheist too. He was certainly no atheist. Maybe, but there are specific things they say to signal this is what they're talking about and I never heard them from Carl. I haven't read all of his work, though. *"We are the way that the universe knows itself"* is borderline. &gt;most of the time people are just out to score karma from ragging on a theist. That was me for a long time, so I totally deserve to be on the receiving end for a while.
Open pizza restaurant built around this. Use it to cook the pizzas. Call it the Hungry Pizza Robot. You're welcome
It's a question for OP. What I'm saying is that even if religion caused no harm or were wholly beneficial there would still be at least one valid reason to agitate against it: that it's untrue. Providing that one values truth, though.
I'm not an atheist (again), and my parents were Quakers.
It's simply an effort to put atheism on the defensive.
"Cat time is now"
Hate to be that guy, and I love boobs as much as the next fellow, but this isn't remotely cyberpunk.
My bad, but no other video of it exists anywhere else that I know of. Please don't downvote because of that.
&gt;You'd need a way to make extensive housing easily. Like sealing and pressurizing lava tubes? Instead of sending your colony one room at a time from Earth via billion dollar rockets.
Oh man that's super clever, I almost missed it What you did was to take my own words, then apply them to what I believe in a stunning, masterful reversal :0 But no, words have definitions and there is no definition of cult that it meets except "A thing someone believes", which if you're honest is just a bit loose. It's like when people tell you that you're in the "cult of atheism", thinking that's incredibly witty and incisive.
1. I don't think you understand what I'm describing 2. Nothing! That's a fine hypothetical. But there's no evidence for it. What's to prevent the existence of a God-eating magical beast, for instance? Since by definition it eats Gods, if one existed it would've already been eaten by now. What-ifs are fun.
It gets worse. A substantial number believe that Neil Armstrong heard the call to prayer on the Moon, observed a giant stone Qur'an, and converted to Islam on the spot.
I don't understand what you mean by this.
Sometimes that's the only way to fight the contagion. They were given the opportunity to deconvert and chose not to. What happens after that is on them.
http://kidnappedforchrist.com/
*Opportunity. And as I understand it, agents of the state travelled to the homes of Christians and supplied them with sufficient arguments disproving their religion. They absolutely were, in all cases, supplied with the cure and invited to take it. Because they didn't, what other alternative existed?
It means I really should be a better person than this. Like a lot of people I fall short of my own ideals. But given some of the experiences I've had in life I feel powerless to be any other way.
Creatures similar to us. We're also in the process of building our part of it right now, imo what we're here to do.
I am tired of hearing excuses for the doctrine.
The supreme being I have in mind follows inescapably from that premise. I'm aware it has also led most atheists to their own position, and accordingly I was an atheist as well until March of last year. But if you think through the implications a bit further than that, there's a big surprise waiting. Heisenberg's "God at the bottom of the glass".
What do you want me to say? You're in a cult within a cult, it's perverse and horrifying that either of them spread as far as they have.
To build self replicating robots, and AI.
Shoot me a PM.
Hell yeah we do.
&gt;"So how much did they pay? ;-)" I deserve that &gt;Are they anything like the Asimov story "The last question"? That's an apt comparison. I've also heard people say they're like "The Egg" by Andy Weir.
&gt; Therefore we can predict there are other universes. We will call them all the multiverse. Therefore we can predict that we will find more multiverses, the totality of which we will call the omniverse. Therefore we can predict we will find other omniverses..." Sounds like a fractal. [Imagine that](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;rlz=1C1ASUC_enUS568US568&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=fractals%20in%20nature). &gt;Nope, that is silly. That's hardly an argument against anything. A great many things now taken for granted were once opposed on the grounds that they sounded absurd. A round Earth and disease causing microorganisms among them. &gt;A concept which relies upon stuff which current theory would consider impossible. The more we understand about physics, the less impossible it becomes. Until recently it was believed it would require an astronomical amount of energy to operate. Tweaking the shape of the torus brought that down immensely, to an amount that's perfectly feasible to supply a spacecraft with if we were capable of making that kind of fuel. We're not, but we're in the middle of making something that will be able to, if it's at all possible. &gt;We have the benefit of a common genetic ancestry, shared instinctive desires, needs, wants, etc. AI originating from vastly different organisms have no such commonality to foster camaraderie. So they may just murder each other until one particular strain is dominant in the universe. The outcome is the same. All roads lead to Rome, as it were. &gt;Besides, if we look at history we can see that even humans encountering other human civilizations have a fairly terrible track record of peaceful cooperation. Yet today humans are found on every landmass. In increasingly organized societies, networked via the internet, homogenizing into a global culture. &gt;It is foolish to bet that you know the path it will take too, and you are predicting quite a ways ahead. I already said I'm not certain of it. I have good reasons for thinking it's very likely though, and have supplied what I hope are satisfactory answers to some of your objections in this post.
The alternative to integration is the domination of a particular strain of machine life which just exterminates everything else as it spreads. That's certainly also possible. In any event, the outcome is the same.
My definition of God is supplied in the OP. It's basically a more detailed version of pantheism.
&gt; That seems to imply a meaning or purpose. Is there an over-arching instruction set built into evolution that says "make something intelligent"? No, yet here we are. Same principle. &gt;The machines don't care whether we invent them. Many millions of species and have risen and fallen, on earth alone, without creating any form of machine intelligence. All true. And yet somebody is going to, simply because of the sheer number of planets and amount of time available. &gt;It's not clear to me why you expect humanity (or the evolutionary children of humanity) to survive long enough to create machine intelligence. Some people think we're pretty close right now. But even if we don't, so long as we leave behind self replicating asteroid mining robots (to mine asteroids for example) evolution will take it from there. &gt;As the intelligent designers say, if your scenario is so likely, why haven't machines invented elsewhere already arrived here? What does [a universe largely dominated by machine life](http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/robots/a13310/robot-universe-dominant-lifeform-17549081/) look like from millions of lightyears away? As for why they've not arrived here, presumably because the planets where not only biological life but also intelligence arise are on average far enough apart that it takes a long time for it to propagate that far. &gt;The practical restrictions on interstellar travel are so great that I honestly expect it is very unlikely that any species, machine or otherwise, will establish a meaningful reproductive population outside its own solar system. The distance between continents would also appear that way to a protozoa. &gt;The barriers to interstellar travel are extremely high. Indeed they are! Maybe even insoluble for humans. But we're in the middle of building something that will one day be able to figure out shit that we can't.
I feel you've not exhaustively read the OP. I cover this there: &gt;*"To pre-empt this question, yes, individual universes eventually arrive at heat death. But new universes constantly collapse into being and some percentage have laws like ours, and so become 'replacement parts' so to speak. (ala the “Ship of Theseus”)* &gt;*This is also how neurons in your brain can constantly grow old and die, replaced by new ones, without interrupting your continuous experience of consciousness. If you're familiar with the scattered, redundant way that your brain stores information (or how a RAID array works) then you understand how such a being can constantly renew itself in the manner described without losing any information."*
I arrived at the idea independently, but upon searching for others who had, I discovered [I'm not the first](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omega_Point) by a long shot. The interpretation I believe is not something I'd call a religion, nor would most people. Indeed several others in this thread already came forward to say so.
&gt; Look, I'm sure that your scenario is plausible, and if there are a huge number of universes that there's at least one where something like this went down. Then it happens in any universe with laws sufficiently similar to ours, simply because there are so many chances to because of the sheer number of planets, and so much time for it to happen. &gt;We don't know if we're going to last versus less intelligent organisms We already have, and we don't need to do it forever. Just long enough to build self replicating machines. &gt;we don't know if we're a fluke. How many times does machine life have to be created for what I described to follow? &gt;...machines are far better at recycling things for spare material. Like when we eat meat? &gt;Pathogens bring entire crops to their knees frequently; the Black Plague did it to us. We're inadvertently engineering antibiotic-resistant bacteria in our hospitals right now, why shouldn't I make the equally historical inference that microorganisms will inherit the earth? They may well do that. But it won't stop the rest from occurring provided some intelligent species, somewhere, creates self-replicating machines. Then the whole struggle plays out all over again, just on a larger stage and made from different elements. &gt;Biological elements tire; machines do not. The same reasons are insufficient. We see animals int he wild alternate between sleeping, resting, and working. We see computers working 24/7 until they run out of work or shut down. I don't think machine civilisation is a good bet, and consequently, any argument from civilisation is insufficient to establish a neural network of universe-dominating machines. You're still thinking of machines in a manner consistent with movie tropes. If they are products of evolution, they are likely to have many of the same motivations that we do. &gt;I think you'll find this a nontrivial claim to defend, without redefining the terms to make yourself win. A corporation is a processor in which the calculations are carried out by humans. The specific program it runs is a profit maximizer. If you're familiar with the sense in which evolution as a process takes the input of environmental conditions and modifies the genome of populations to adapt them to it, then you understand what I mean when I say that optimizers are a kind of computer. Capitalism included. Science as a process is also an optimizer, which maximizes the degree to which our descriptions of reality line up with what we observe. &gt;We build colonies because 1) we're social animals who require it and 2) security. Post-organics would not require the society of others nor does security seem pressing. Even human beings spent a lot of their time in digital space. Why do we do that? &gt;Nanites are far more powerful than bacteria. If it's like bacteria at all, it would be like that flesh-eating bacteria that basically kills you unless you amputate the whole limb really soon. Except then the bacteria eat the whole limb and come after you again. Indeed, we cannot compete with it. But something more robust which has evolved alongside it in an evolutionary arms race would have defenses against it. &gt;It's still an obstacle how you establish communication between universes. And don't think that "we've solved technical difficulties before" is an excuse - that argument makes almost equal amounts of sense applied to exceeding the speed of light, violating conservation, and actualizing logical contradictions. It might give the barest hints of plausibility, but by itself it's quite inadequate as an argument. One possible method is to exchange entangled particle pairs between universes via brane collision, then use spooky action at a distance to transmit information. &gt;But what will the machines be trying to do? My computer just lags and checks for updates when it's not receiving input. Did we specifically set out to create cities? To create the internet, or the ISS? No, every step along the way was just some effort to improve our conditions and expand our species to new places. Creationists often argue that evolution could not arrive at some highly specific adaptation without knowing where it's going. What use is half a wing, or half an eye? But of course, there was a valid evolutionary reason for each independent step towards the wing, or the eye, or anything else. Likewise, we move towards this without (most of us) realizing that's what we're doing. The people most responsible for developing the relevant technologies are doing it to improve industrial automation, to make asteroid mining possible, and so on. &gt;Fair enough, but minus that obstacle it's still difficult to argue that inter-universe communication is possible. I've outlined one possible method above. But really, however unsatisfying this sounds, the real answer will be some technology we cannot comprehend as it was invented by something much more intelligent.
&gt;There's no way of knowing that, even a big brain can turn out 'retarded' in relation to its potential. That isn't what biological evolution produced. I'd wager there's some good reason for that which also applies to machine evolution. &gt;It is not all powerful though, it has no power atm for example. God is usually characterized as all powerful, aka omnipotent. Does it not have all of the power? And does it not exist right now, just incompletely assembled? Two fragments of it are having this conversation. &gt;While such is a possibility, because it is an intelligence it may decide otherwise. An intelligence can easily decide "enough is enough", and kill itself in some way. Now eventually some other intelligence can emerge from its remains and take its place ofc, but this is not very godly I would say. I would. Because that means it cannot help but exist, even if it self destructs.
&gt;The problem with this is that you've taken the pattern apparent here and said that it is "probabilistically necessary" without examining the pattern anywhere else and that's just not how statistics works. The rest of the universe is made of the same elements (though possibly with some we've not yet discovered) and is subject to the same laws of physics. &gt;Even if I were to grant your process from Bang to Swarm, there's no guarantee of swarms surviving. It's possible that for every swarm arising in a universe, some calamity befalls before anything can be achieved. Indeed, that's true for biological life. Most of the species ever to live on the Earth are long extinct. &gt;Perhaps a brain forms but the replacement rate becomes less than the rate necessary to preserve the brain. Perhaps the number of unlike universes is so much larger than the number of like universes that a brain can never form. These are definitely valid objections. My conclusion is based in large part on extrapolation of what is known, I concede that. Where we agree will depend on how convincing you find that reasoning. &gt;I grant that large portions of your thesis are plausible but I cannot grant that the process happens necessarily. That's fair, though it's only in retrospect that we can look back on the processes which produced us and say that the arrival of intelligent life somewhere in the universe was an inevitability.
&gt; companies know that they won't remain in business unless the majority of the populace has some sort of income.... They do not need to remain in business if they own technology which can make everything they could ever want for free. The rich simply turn those machines inwards to produce goods for them on demand, and the rest of us starve.
*Boltzmann. That's not what I've described. Rather, a concrete, real, extant brain structured in a way analogous to our own, arrived at by something like evolution on a larger scale. By the way? Cool description of what a Boltzmann brain is, copied directly from the first sentence of the Wikipedia page.
}::3
&gt; I don't see why not, really, I just don't know why you would call that 'god'. That's completely fair. A lot of people feel this way because for them, "God" necessarily means "creator". I'm just using it to mean "supreme being". What we call it hardly matters though, surely? &gt;I want to be very clear that I'm not mocking you or your beliefs or anything like that, I'd just like to have that nomenclature part clarified. Thanks for sharing your views! No worries, I understood you.
&gt;Why hasn't another brane already colonized our own (Fermis paradox + Copernican principle)? The collision of branes only exchanges disassociated particles between universes. &gt;In such a case the result could be truly magnificent but perhaps not actually god-like. Does "supreme being" work for you? &gt;Makes it sound like there is a top-down plan. Certainly not, rather it's bottom up. Like evolution. There is no plan innate to evolution, yet presumably we agree that if this universe restarted tomorrow, it would eventually still produce stars, planets, and life.
They have a bad habit of assimilating competing ideas which they cannot destroy. Holidays for instance, and more recently evolution. :\
&gt; As someone who has been offended by your "past" (yesterday is barely "past") behavior, I know that I have received no such apology. Then I'll do it now. I apologize for having been ugly to you in the past. I have bad days, often I come off of a frustrating argument and the next guy gets some of that left over irritation. That's unfair, and I'll work on it. &gt;I think it is fair to say that there are a lot of liberal theists, Christians and Muslims especially, who would like to see you make good on this apology if you are sincere. The only thing I won't apologize for is affirming on no uncertain terms that Christianity and Islam are false and descended from cults. I will apologize to the person, if I was personal in what I said, but I am still very much after their religions. &gt;Conflating every Christian and Muslim with a conservative that wants to murder gays and apostates is, IMO, disgusting. If you could supply a screenshot of when I said this I would appreciate it. I am usually much more careful with language than that.
&gt;What evidence? You're making bold predictive claims. We have very little evidence on the ground to support these claims. That's simply not so with evolution. First, what I've described *is* evolution, just with a different form of life. So all of the evidence for evolution applies to it as well. Secondly, you're reading this on some of the evidence. It is a rudimentary thinking machine we've invented. There is right now a nuclear powered robot on Mars, a humanoid robot in the ISS and a 3D printer as well. These are pretty recognizable precursors for [Von Neumann Universal Constructors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Von_Neumann_universal_constructor). &gt;Modern technology is very, very far from replication at the chemical bond level, and it's not clear to me that we would ever intentionally design technology to self-replicate in such a way for practical deployment, even if we can. Or maybe we will, but who can say now what form that technology will take? Not me, certainly. It could also be engineered biology. Or something we cannot conceive of yet. But I guarantee we'll continue trying to expand into, exploit and colonize space. And doing so in pressurized metal cylinders is the least efficient method possible. We'll either become something native to space or create something native to space to go in our stead. From that development, you get the rest of what I described. &gt;Nothing like the robots you imagine. Absolutely. See above. &gt;And yea, the prophet of the robogod shall be persecuted! Hey man, you're the one who wants people to take your rampant speculation seriously. Did you not expect to be questioned? No, I invited questioning. But a great deal of your post has been deliberate misrepresentation of my views as supernatural, when they include no supernatural elements. Do not play fast and loose with what I've written, I won't abide it. In return, I won't misrepresent you. &gt;Of course I read your original post and your statement that you were not "certain". And yet, you want to hold to and defend your beliefs as highly probable, even when there is strong evidence from physics and cosmology that what you propose is highly improbable. Like what? I arrived at this conclusion by studying those very fields. &gt;But those objections can be brushed away with "I'm sure the robots will figure something out". That's just faith. Betting on continued technological development isn't faith. It's the safest bet there is.
[I think so.](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3amdv0/on_the_meaning_of_%CF%89/) But then, it's probably not the God you mean.
It's basically a giant machine brain spanning multiple universes. As it arrived at that state in part by evolution, I think it'll be conscious for the same reasons we are.
Oh neat, another callout thread. These are kosher now? I am, again, sorry for that. It was in poor taste and the result of anger I am still dealing with stemming from bad experiences with Christians, though of course that's no excuse. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Are we good?
&gt;But if he believes God does not currently exist But I do. Right now, it's humans. We're the most put together pieces of it that we know of.
&gt;that's not a traditional "god claim" You're right, it's not traditional. But it is a god claim. &gt;I think it's within the wheelhouse of this sub's definition of "atheism." I do not consent to being labeled an atheist. You can force it on me if you like and I'll be powerless to stop you, but I am only obligated to be honest about your beliefs if you are honest about mine. If you misrepresent me, I will take it as license to misrepresent you going forward.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_73NU6OlNuw
That's quite the narrative you've constructed, and will make a lot of sense to someone who already dislikes me. But the other possibility you're not considering is that those past statements were not constantly on my mind 24/7 since I made them.
&gt;You have had several people in this thread point out that your understanding of physical is way off. They disputed various aspects of what I've described, and I supplied counterarguments. In most cases it's because they assumed my ignorance of things like the Drake equation and Fermi paradox that I had in fact already taken into consideration, or they weren't aware of recent developments concerning necessary technologies like the alcubierre drive. &gt;I'm not even sure if your understanding of computers is terribly accurate either Compared to yours? &gt;this seems to be an obvious case of the Dunning–Kruger effect whereby you have a delusion that makes you think you know alot about a topic, when in fact you know less than everyone else. Maybe! After all I wouldn't know it, would I? But that effect is referenced so frequently and freely that by now it's little more than a pretentious way to call someone stupid.
Boogity boogity boo The fact remains that I've never harmed Christians, but they've severely harmed me. Empty threats are a slap on the wrist.
&gt; you are everything that you complain about. I am not a Christian, nor in a virally structured religion. &gt;You complain about bigoted Abrahamics, but your stand there and casually say that 2.18 billion people should be murdered for having beliefs different to your own. I complain that they are homophobic. I am not homophobic and consider it wrong to be. I do not consider it wrong to oppose Abrahamic religion. There is nothing inconsistent about that unless you consider sexuality identical to religion. &gt;I'd like you to think about the International Declaration of Human Rights, and use it as a basis for your own actions and not just a weapon to spite others with. That's fair, and this is certainly a hatchet I should've buried a long time ago. Humans have stubborn hearts.
Some years ago, a group of Christians I used to argue with got ahold of my personal info and exploited it to great effect, such that I was homeless for a while and struggled to find work for years after that. But, this is the tip of the iceberg. My antipathy towards Christians has been a lifelong thing, growing stronger with each experience. I've dated two, and both times their mothers sent them away, one to "Billy Graham's Bible Training Center at the Cove" and the other on a mission trip to Trinidad. To get them away from me, for fear I would corrupt them. One came back an atheist, and so was sent back over and over until she could convince her mother she wasn't anymore. By that time I'd moved cross country. I attended private middle and highschools, both religious. I had no trouble at the highschool as it was Episcopalian and as a result very liberal. At the time I was an atheist and ran into other atheists on my first day. Christians there were for the most part agreeable and, crucially, did not lose their minds if you disputed their beliefs. That last bit was the cause of recurring problems I'd experienced in middle school. For lack of any other private options in the area (my parents were strongly opposed to public education) I was sent to a fundamentalist protestant school which taught six day creation, among [other wacky things](http://www.salon.com/2015/06/17/5_completely_insane_things_christian_fundamentalists_are_teaching_their_kids/). I have never been able to nod along to something I know is untrue. As a result I spent a lot of time in the office explaining myself to the principal, a lot of time indoors during recess receiving special lessons intended to persuade me that 'evolutionism' is an atheistic hoax, and was relentlessly mocked by other students as "monkey boy" for defending the (to them) absurdity that humans and apes share a common ancestor. That's a very sensitive time in anyone's life. When it's not difficult at all to wreck their self esteem and the more support they have from friends, the better. I had none, because I was surrounded exclusively with people convinced by the faculty that I was irredeemably foolish, deceived by Satan and a danger to their own salvation. The experience was something like [this](http://sondry.com/posts/Celestial-Stupidity-FHj06-02-06-2015), times a million. Now, that's not to say there aren't good Christians. The ones who don't know you disagree yet. Or the ones who've had sufficient exposure to dissent that they are no longer 'triggered' by it. But there absolutely is an over the top emotional reaction that comparatively sheltered Christians have to disbelief, probably fueled by [fear of death](http://www.psmag.com/health-and-behavior/why-atheists-terrify-believers). That's a land mine I've stepped on over and over again, because I just can't go along with something I know is untrue, least of all when I see someone deceiving kids.
Do you endorse the contents of that document?
That fellow's a hell of a lot more serious than I was, if you're honest. And that's some sick shit in there.
&gt;This sentence is not coherent. Looks like you've got brain problems &gt;Ah right, so you would advocate concentration camps for Christians as a means of justice? You said re-education camps before.
&gt;Do you believe that sending Christians to concentration camps for re-education is something that ought to happen? No. Just that if it did, it would be nothing they haven't already subjected others to. They continue to this day. &gt;2edgy4me. That is not a rebuttal. &gt;On the grounds that you've advocated and volunteered for genocide on the basis of middle school, which hardly seems a sign of mental health. You persist in pretending I was serious, that I am any sort of existential threat to you despite knowing full well that it's not the case. &gt;Poor me for having to endure the whining. Poor you for being such a person, when you claim to live according to the teachings of Christ.
&gt;/r/thatHappened I was "hole troll" on 4chan during that period. Because I really can't stay off the internet apparently, even while living in a literal hole in the ground. The threads should be searchable, and include photos of my shelter. Denying that any abuse occurred is another common bullying tactic, by the by. &gt;Only in your fevered imagination would forcing you to apologize and retract after 3 days be bullying, but volunteering to murder 2.2 billion people not be considered bullying. You've not forced me to do anything. Were I serious about it I'd simply stand by it and tell you to suck a big one if you didn't like it. I've done everything possible to make things right with you but you've snubbed all of it. &gt;Yes. Nazism. Any other answer is false. You won't be honest, so I'll be honest for you. They were Christians. &gt;It must be so difficult being you. The heart breaks. It should, if you truly follow Christ's teachings. But you don't. None of you do.
Fucking pumped as shit for this.
Your posts bear less and less resemblance to reality as time goes on. Which posts did I not read?
&gt; You just said you refused to watch the videos I posted. What? No I didn't. [I said I watched both of them](http://i.imgur.com/cxpkcfP.png).
I'd wager the same way that American Christians deal with all the middle eastern stuff in the Bible.
That's a more clear, concise summary than I've ever written. Do you mind if I make use of it going forward? I'll credit you if you like.
I hope it doesn't. There's no good reason anybody needs to know about it. I only shared it under pressure.
[Thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3amdv0/on_the_meaning_of_%CF%89/) Of those, I find Watts the most compelling.
B-B-B-BLAST IT WITH PISSSSS }:0
It'll be great for defense contractors.
I'll go you one better. During most of my trips I stop understanding what "species" is and just see animals as mutually valid multicellular organisms of different sizes.
Try explaining intersectional feminism to a five year old. College students are at that age when they're burning to fight for some cause and feel as if they're accomplishing something meaningful. Hence why every revolutionary movement to date has heavily targeted this age group for recruitment.
But he said some standing there would not taste death before witnessing the son of man coming in his kingdom. Which the preceding verse says will entail Christ appearing in the clouds with God and angels, judging all men for what they have done.
That's just a level 1 loaf. Be extra careful petting him, they have only 1 hp.
&gt; You are putting things from Matthew 24 into the sayings in Matthew 16. I'm informing you now that what you've described is not my intent. It was an abrupt transition from one to the other but no shared content is implied, except that they're describing the same event and with the same timeline. &gt;You may want to elaborate on what "events od Revelation" you are talking about. The return of Christ in the clouds with God and angels, followed by the final judgement of humanity. &gt;In the third line, under "elthē", hover your cursor on "V-ASA-3S", and it pops up an explanation for the code, telling you it is subjunctive. So it could mean one or the other. To determine which, let's study the context. &gt;5 These twelve Jesus sent out with the following instructions: “Do not go among the Gentiles or enter any town of the Samaritans. 6 Go rather to the lost sheep of Israel. 7 As you go, proclaim this message: **‘The kingdom of heaven has come near.’** 8 Heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse those who have leprosy,[a] drive out demons. Freely you have received; freely give. &gt;21 “Brother will betray brother to death, and a father his child; children will rebel against their parents and have them put to death. 22 You will be hated by everyone because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. 23 When you are persecuted in one place, flee to another. Truly I tell you, you will not finish going through the towns of Israel before the Son of Man comes. I do not believe it is possible to confuse "if" and "before", besides which even if we dispense with this one verse entirely, you have the rest to deal with. Of course you have specialize apologetics prepared for each, but you were supplied with those in the first place to prevent you from realizing you're in a false religion. Muslims, too, have centuries upon centuries worth of carefully prepared counterarguments for anything you might take issue with about Islam.
&gt;"Plain reading" according to what or who? Basically anybody but Christians. Every interpretation you've supplied so far has been an elaborate, gigantic stretch, making words mean completely different things than the context would suggest. &gt;I don't think that your interpretation is a plain reading, but rather an attempt to discredit Christianity in general, by reading into it what can be the most easily criticized. Look, maybe we can skip ahead. Maybe a breakthrough is possible. I'm gonna try something. Supposing somebody were going around in the modern day claiming the world is coming to an end, but that he can save you if you sell your belongings, devote your life to him and cut off family members who disapprove. What would you call that?
He did not mean all of them. In fact he was quite clear that some of them would still be alive to witness his return.
I feel that, but maintain that I am not responsible for what someone else assumes. Maybe that'll irritate some people but it's also a useful reminder to assume less.
I don't think it created the universe, but rather, is the universe. It's limited by logic because otherwise it wouldn't work. Without constraints, any machine is just a pile of loose parts. I have an unorthodox God concept however and have been advised to be more upfront about that.
You were expecting a serious reply. Instead it was me, Dio!
Yes, structural comparison of early Christianity as described in the Bible to modern apocalyptic cults. As explained in the OP. A fossil is still evidence even if no trace remains of the creature that left it.
lmao toast I like you
It's a bit more detailed than that, as it needs to be in order to establish that there aren't just vague parallels but a perfect match. But yes that's a fair summary.
Certainly, and I concede that much. I'm not a Christian.
&gt;and you think Jesuses followers are that sort of evidence No. I think the anatomy of Christianity itself is that sort of evidence. Because there are still cults of the same type today, all of which are formed around/by a charismatic central figure for the purpose of amassing worshipers. &gt;Do you understand the difference? I'll thank you not to patronize me, when it's you that doesn't understand my argument.
The Bible identifies Jesus as the founder/leader of it, and the resulting religion is still named for him.
Yes, and I fully agree.
That's a neat story! But, how many cults do you know of in the modern era that formed the way you describe?
&gt;But how common do you suppose this is this in modern day cults? Did Marshall Applewhite get rich? Did David Koresh? Granted, Koresh didn't expect to die, but neither did Jesus. And I think Koresh really was drinking his own flavor aid. &gt;Would you grant that it's also possible that "his followers" invented him as a figurehead for the cult which they were running? That's possible (Paul would be the most likely candidate) but without much in the way of precedent, particularly for apocalyptic cults. There are always plenty of those and they're always formed around/by a real person. &gt;Clearly they noticed there was something to gain by pretending the "true leader" is someone else. That's a good point, but there should be some relatively successful multigenerational cults that began that way and I don't know of any. Scientology for example still venerates Hubbard.
Yes
&gt;Yes, sadly, I did. My apologies for the assumption. Ain't no thing but a chicken wing &gt;A tad condescending My bad, I was irritated by the assumption. We're good now that you apologized. &gt;I'm now going to assume (based on the new information in your post) that you're only arguing that a charismatic figure existed approximately 2015 years ago that started the Christian 'cult' - but not that any of the supernatural stuff associated with the religion is true because of that? And that this is more likely because of a) similarities between the 'fossil' religion and the present day religion, and b) similarities with new cults of today started by charismatic figures. Yes! Great summary. &gt;it's most likely an amalgam of several, different, charismatic 'prophets' who lived around that time. I'd agree except none of the doomsday cults in the modern era started out that way. It's always a single guy. &gt;I remain skeptical of the claim. Fair enough. Keep digesting this food for thought though.
Are either of those central to apocalyptic cults, to which multiple generations have devoted their lives?
*Let me love you*
So educate me.
How many of those are doomsday cults, specifically? Doomsday cults tend to have a single founder. The guy who started claiming the world would end to accumulate interested followers.
&gt; These are not serious questions. 5 seconds of very basic research would reveal to you that "Christ" is a title, the Greek word for "messiah". I conceded earlier that there exists an in-religion rationale for it. In absolutely every cult, there exists some rationale for name changes. It was not only Christ who did this. His apostles were also given new names upon joining. &gt;It's also an extra-ridiculous name for a Christian to know or use, since Christians do not believe that Joseph was the father of Jesus. I'm aware they *believe* that. I would nonetheless have expected them to know about scholarly opinion concerning what Jesus' actual name would've been.
I do not think the formation of cults are random occurrences analogous to a coin toss. I think they form the way they do for comprehensible, pragmatic reasons. I don't *only* make an argument from observed trends in the OP but also diagram the anatomy of a cultic religion to illustrate why they are founded by individuals (to accumulate worshipers and be remembered in an idealized way after death)
Huh. Looks like I should pick up one of his books. Any recommendations?
&gt; It is, by definition, petrified WOOD, which is a form of wood. Otherwise, it'd be named something else... The fact that it is called wood does not change its molecular structure. It is called that not because it still is wood, but because it once was. Hence "petrified". Is burnt gasoline still gasoline?
&gt;I might argue that creating an argument around parameters that you make up could easily make it invalid. I didn't make them up, they're straight out of the Bible. Multiple example verses are supplied for each of the traits I listed. &gt;Well, I guess I missed the parameter about only allowing a single person to be involved in the fantasy post of yours. Funny how you would choose only one person, as you know most of the stories out there have many gods. If you know of any polytheistic doomsday cults in the modern era that we can use as a basis for comparison I'd love to know about them.
&gt;If your point is that you have to be a single person to achieve all of this No &gt;I thought your OP was about a single guy, being jesus, that was about how he was the only one that figured into this small set of parameters that you had set up No &gt;Which side are you on? the side of christians, or the side of atheists? [Neither](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3amdv0/on_the_meaning_of_%CF%89/), but I'm not a Christian and I am a materialist. My argument is that the properties of early Christianity as described by the Bible match up with the properties of what we today call doomsday cults. That Jesus was the founder of such a cult, and that because such cults exist today (and are always founded by real people rather than invented ones) we can be relatively certain that Jesus really existed.
Wat
&gt;I used the coin toss analogy to point out that the historicity of Jesus is in no way tied to the doomsday cults of modern times. Yes it is. The analogy was nonsequitorial because no element of what I've described is random. &gt;It doesn't matter that every doomsday cult in the modern era had a single founder Yes it does. In statistical studies that's called the sample, 100% of which supports my claim in this case. &gt;from this assertion (the validity of which I'll let slide as it is irrelevant to the discussion) it does not follow that the specific doomsday cult of Christianity had had a single founder. Early Christianity as described in scripture gives every indication of having been a doomsday cult. Doomsday cults all work according to the same formula, to motivate conversion and evangelism, undermine doubt, deter apostasy and so on. Modern doomsday cults based on the same formula have all been formed by or around charismatic central figures. Ergo, it is highly probable that Christianity was too.
So do I. But then, that is not the only criteria listed in the OP. Of course it is possible to single out any one parallel, pretend that's the only one I ever mentioned and point out that it applies to many different things. I might say something is likely to be an apple because it is red, round, crunchy and sweet. If you were to say "but fire engines are also red", would that be at all relevant?
&gt;plenty of mythical figures around whom successful cults arose. There exist successful cults (and cultic religions) founded recently enough that we can be sure whether their founding figure was real, such as Scientology and Mormonism
&gt;Where are the statistics regarding doomsday cults? www.google.com &gt;Actually, I understand what you were trying to say. As proof, your argument is still piss poor. I can't even say it's been fun. I want my time back.
What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
Everybody in this thread is saying their own view is the academic consensus, and sometimes they conflict. I'm becoming a little wary of the c word.
Beautiful. I only wish it happened sooner and that the hearts of those still opposed to it can be changed in time.
I bet your Tumblr is a hoot
I know talk is cheap but I honestly would've started shit with that guy. I can't be doin' wit dis.
