This post would be true if GG had died down, but they haven't. They show up to conventions with stupid MRA shit at diversity in gaming discussing and get kicked out
Rand Paul has to be the least progressive candidate in the running.
So Andrew luck if a bad qb?
Ah, I see my mistake. Tables don't work well on my mobile app and I was reading from the wrong table in the classic difficulty. Thanks!
OMG did you actually read that article?
It's only use to me seems to be extracting money from trades that were going to happen anyway. What you're saying is you like the investment vehicles that you can use because of them?
Well your argument doesn't make the point you were attempting. It was the entirety of your post.
Why is that an exciting proposition? The worst thing about fallout 3 was the way it deviated from fallout not in the ways it was similar
We register where we live to vote...
It's not crazy, we saw one get turned into a walker on the show
You wouldn't believe how hard it is for me to find women's clothes at reasonable prices.
WiiU has been out for 2.5 years...
I'm pretty sure it's going to be Olly killing Jon.
What 12 year isn't constantly masturbating and thinking of every girl he's ever met?
Yeah qyburn tons cercei that he will be the hand
I remember tons of people getting married in that day.
I don't think he was saying sacks are all that matter. He's saying fairley never plays and when he does he's only rarely very good.
The only people who were free in this country up until very recently were rich white men.
[Spiderman renew your vows](http://kotaku.com/tomorrow-s-spider-man-comic-undoes-one-of-marvel-s-stup-1708455771)
Lower gravity would make pissing less forceful, though.
Wait, so the buster sword I have already won't work for Zack and braver isn't going to be good anymore? Shit....
They said he was tampering with the alarm. As in damaging the facility where they were staying.
Just look at what he did when Calvin was hurt.
Those hones, though
Splatoon
Were they writing the time just for Arizona? Yay it's up now!
I don't think you know what ad hominem means...
There no evidence that the IED thing is on the up and up and ton against it. And yes, dead IDF agents are better than deaf children, although it's a false choice. I take issue with the way you've characterized Vietnam, too. They came home to shouts of "child killer" because of shit like mei lai
Lol, that's not how it works.
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/03/godwins-law-mike-godwin-hitler-nazi-comparisons.html
Jackanapes really cannot be effected by elemental damage.
No, we don't really know how beric revives people or how Melisandre does her magic. Just that they believe it comes from the red god. There's no evidence the gods actually exist only that people believe in them. Which is awesome to me.
Except men's bare chests were treated the same way decades into the 20th century. Men fought for the right to go topless and the scandalousness went away. The same will happen with women. There are places where showing an ankle is a sexualized behavior, but over here where most skin is normal - we don't have freakouts over exposed ankles.
No, I mean that communal living and helping each other are human nature and looking out for number 1 is a byproduct of a terrible system we've built.
Cowards do tons of impressive things
Homeland security didn't exist before 911...
Male chests have also been securely selected for their current form...
I know some people called it a busy, but that was largely agenda driven. Colbert is the standard other people doing the dinner are trying to live up to now.
The $20 plain T-shirt is also made with slave labor.
So you're all right with ballghazi?
You're not a racist, but your team was started by racists. Was the last team to integrate. Was proudly the ask white team and uses a racial slur as it's nickname.
They even absorb dark.
How do they have separate online ranks? You can only connect your nnid to one profile. My wife and I are just playing with the same name. We're tearing it up. Especially her though.
Release - Pearl Jam. My dad died when I was a teen, which naturally means we weren't getting along so well when it happened &gt;oh dear dad &gt;can you see me now? &gt; I am myself &gt;like you somehow &gt;I wait up in the dark &gt; for you to speak to me &gt;I'll hold the pain &gt; release me!
Just Suh and a couple rotational guys.
They're knocking him because Calvin is on his team.. Dumb
But lightsabers are lightsabers.
Rookie caps end up costing a lot of borderline veterans their jobs.
Items are #Daggers * 3* Orichalcum Dirk V * 3* Maneater VI * 4* Swordbreaker VI #Staff * 3* Aura staff IV #Bow * 3* Elven Bow V #Book * 5* Healing Grimoire (Core) #Shield * 5* Genji Shield IV #Hat * 3* Lamia's Tiara V * 3* Red Cap VI #Armor * 3* Demon Mail III * 4* Crystal Armor V ----- Then I got the Murasame on the single pull. Anyway, I had some questions. Is healing grimoire any good? Should I combine my Genji shield to make a 6* Genji shield or keep it for double the Genji shield?
Korrasami forever
I think you're underestimating the time since you've seen it.
It's sasukes.
I couldn't make it through. "Clocks in" "Clocking in" Over and over, often in one sentence after the other... Clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock
I'm expecting it to be just like the smash bros dlc
This was a joke on bill and Ted.
Maybe you should go rewatch some xena before making stupid comparisons like that.
Why should the French government be able to censor what bad press my search engine in the US links to?
That would be adequate if they were sending the notice to the sites actually publishing the information rather than going after Google.
There's not a chance the US would support a law that says doctors should be able to demand search engines hide results that show newspaper articles about their malpractice suits.
Why would I support the American Vincent censoring French search results?
And yet the case used was a doctor who didn't want people to find out about his malpractice suits. That seems like a public interest to me.
It's still on the internet, it just won't show up on Google.
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit. This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit. This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
France would have to spend a ton of resources setting up a China style firewall.
No, Europeans just don't have any concept of free expression. All sorts of speech is criminal over there.
Huh? How is it remotely like that?
Google isn't displaying information.
So people don't have a right to know that their doctor might kill them? I think they're doing it for two reasons. Primarily, the law is ineffective - French people are just searching from other regions websites. Secondly, they want money from Google. I think it's interesting that French people who "value privacy" so much, are proving that they think they are entitled access to this kind of information just like Americans by their behavior (circumventing the .fr site to get access to data that's being removed) France and the EU really only have one option of they want this kind of law to be effective. A great firewall China style.
Has it really been out that long?
I misread and thought he said FE10
I completely misread that
They should, they don't actually need facilities in the EU to make money selling ads to people. Then we can keep our open internet
It's really the only way for the NFL to continue to grow and profit. North America is a saturated market for the NFL, all they can do to make more money from us to try and squeeze more from existing fans.
It would be USA gold with Canada Japan and Mexico fighting for silver and bronze
Right!
Except we know it's not true. Every rape victim who wants to see her attacker punished has to sit through defense attorneys slandering her and bringing up her sexual history and manner of dress as if it's somehow relevant. Then there's cases like with Love Bryant and Ben Roethlessberger and the Steubenville thing.
&gt; only 46% percent get reported Don't you think that supports the conclusion of rape culture existing?
Huh?
&gt;inherent shame of being a victim of a sex crime Why should the victim be the one shamed?
Bringing Phoenix is a good idea, I am going to copy you now.
We're in the catch-up window right now aren't we?
That's kind of funny. I also didn't know he was coming to Detroit.
Shame isn't inherent in being victimized and shame vent is internalized stigma. I know many women who are not ashamed of the things that happened to them.
Imagine how any other company would be treated of they created DLC that you could freely share with your friends. You're being ridiculous.
It's average priced DLC that unlocks in multiple games, isn't tied to your account or console and is an added bonus with popular figurines. Again we're Microsoft, or Sony implementing cross title freely sharable DLC they'd be sainted by gamers.
BTW if you haven't.. Brutal legend is fun even if all its parts don't seem to fit together.
Im probably not getting happy home designer, but kk slider is awesome.
He's changed since then, don't you think?
Or you're just doing trigonometry..
What did Sony do that was impressive? They let people know that Yu Suzuki was doing a Kickstarter and that square was going to ruin ffvii. It had literally nothing to do with Sony.
And I already have an elven bow, rube staff+, lamias tiara, and black belt gi so there will be a lot of combining here. Still none if these things are IX synergy :(
How exactly do I watch the digital event. Particularly on my WiiU, because the website is pretty broken on the web browser.
No, they aren't translating then at all, just writing Japanese sounds with English letters. Sehkret? Ugh. Orthoros? They don't even go with Orthos.
I made the same mistake when I started, I didn't even understand how combining worked and thought the katana and glove that the shinra tower event have me were worthless.. Oops
I S/L constantly, one or twice per stage usually, more on bosses.
Hurray! Right after I finished the other dungeons! And my 6* trident ++ is going to be amazingly great!
And when they made that decision, it didn't have any games to play. So they bought it just so they could watch The Matrix
Jeremy was the last video before do the evolution..
That album has so many just raw emotional songs, I'm glad there isn't a video for most of them. Release still makes me cry every time.
I prefer most of the rest of Pearl Jam's library to that song. It's not bad just not my cup. When it was released it felt to me like Pearl Jam was being pressured by the label to release something harder and less meaningful because that's where the market was going at the time with other empty harder sounding rock becoming popular Korn, limp bizkit, etc. When I listen to Pearl Jam I want Eddie V to be emoting and make me feel something. Joy, loss, love, "do the evolution" just feels empty compared to the rest of the band's work. (For me)
My dad died when I was fifteen, so it really resonates with me.
Anyone see how bad Splatoon looks in ads for it?
What are you trying to do with the graphical display?
&gt;Thoughts arrive like butterflies, &gt;He don't know so he chases them away... Look, criticizing Pearl Jam for intelligible lyrics is sometimes fair, but calling Pearl Jam a corporate rock band is so far from reality.
That's a great thought, buy I beat Darrils tomb after that announcement.
The state's case is also that she was killed after endangering herself by letting Adnan in her car. Neither is saying she did anything wrong. The only people suggesting it are the people like you here.
The payphone that the start witness at best placed way far away from the location where one might have been maybe?
They're only meaningfully different if you think buying weed deserves to get someone killed... It doesn't any more than giving a friend a ride does, nor is it an attack on her character.
Butz better not catch him!
**Just** codename STEAM?
Premature how? 2012 to 2017 is pretty close to the normal console cycle. The previous generation was anomolmously long.
It's not free to play players that call them whales, it's the developers of these kind of games.
Lies and false promises are better than nothing?
It's intended for cutting, you intended to cut someone. Was this supposed to be satire?
This assumes he paid for sex. He didn't he paid for company - which he got.
Does Jerome Bettis know how little Fairley played last year?
They're the whole reason I didn't go see pitch perfect 2.
They have several different conversations for each stage.
I remember when this happened, racist fuck was super excited to shoot some brown people.
You don't need a law like this one to defend yourself if you're home during a burglary...
All these questions and Suzuki-Sama is only being asked about Shenmue. I may be too late, but I'd love to hear about how you managed to get texture making technology for virtual fighter 2. Why did you have to go to the Russians?
Why not have all these measures?
I'm terrible with acronyms. Is this gold per minute?
I think the best for our team might have been the Roy Williams trade.
Best: trading away Roy Williams Worst: sending [Bobby Layne to Pittsburgh](http://blog.detroitathletic.com/2009/11/29/the-shocking-trade-of-detroit-lions-legend-bobby-layne/)
Please just read our threads from last season after be got the surgery and chef. It sounds exactly like you right now . Then he turned in a goose egg of a season.
Those only exist in one mode, though
Yeah, he's talking to the whole world, but in this case America is one of the places with the biggest love of weapons manufacturers.
Japan and Canada can put together really good teams.
This particular khalisar is led by over if Drogos bloodriders who left when he died, refusing to recognize dany add khaleesi.
My cousin has a Chrom sword fighter
I'm kind of bothered that they're separating the different ffvii games. I'd like ffvii record synergy to work in all of them.
That specific flag only gained popularity after the war when groups like the KKK used it. Chances are, your ancestors never fought under that flag. You're not honoring them by using it, and your family members that fly are a tiny bit more racist than others simply because they don't give a shit about the racist messages communicated through the flying of it.
Also good shows cost more money
Because he was a fucking human being and came and said he'd been wrong.
The show's been running long enough, it will end of its own accord soon
Kellen Moore isn't a recent udfa pickup.
There are too many damn steelers and cowboys fans.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_source
This idea might help you out a bit https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_source
There's a difference between shouting things at a passerby and this...
Herpes isn't a big deal.
And? They were still selling them at the time.
And there's a billion other times when that man said otherwise.
Costs not as high as they would be otherwise. Things required to be covered that weren't before. There ARE cons, but yours are erroneous.
Boomers are an especially large and influentially bloc of seniors. Past generations have been able to take over from their predecessors much sooner than genx and millennials because we haven't been able to displace the boomers. (Boomers have been politically very important for close to fifty years)
I think that's the opposite of the issue they want to resolve though isn't it?
[I guess there's a movie about that](http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat/2013/10/18/_kill_your_darlings_writing_advice_what_writer_really_said_to_murder_your.html)
I didn't read the car, but I thought it was about athletic performance claims.
It doesn't sound like it. It sounds like he thinks they were created as a reaction to the scotus shutting down state exchanges... Neither of which would be true.
Here's the thing, the ACA explicitly leaves open the possibility for individual states to craft better solutions. Vermont has already done so.
They're also arguing that coming to pick someone up standing on the side of the street is the same as picking someone up standing on the side of the street.
You realize that was a reaction to a pop culture event, right?
I didn't call you stupid. I said that description is stupid. I view freedom differently from conservatives. That's just the way they brand their views when marketing them. They use the word a lot even when describing things that make people less free. They even brand being in favor of marriage discrimination as freedom issue. It doesn't portray any kind of reality about them.
* Slowing the growth of health care costs in the united States is a big deal. * Covering millions of previously uninsured is also a big deal. * your analogy is shit (most are that's why we use them so we can avoid talking about the actual thing where our point isn't as strong) * We can do better, I think the ACA is a first step. Vermont has already begun the next. If we'd been less determined in the nineties to get the perfect solution and had accepted a program like the ACA, we may be at Universal health care today - instead we're twenty years behind where we could have been.
I couldn't even understand this post.
I agree.
How does this explain /u/Andoo comment? Edit: oh! The loved person was Mitch!
You have to be rich to get into that much debt
Nope, check out all of the Titans recent first round picks. They've all gone into July.
My wife is 5'10" But I'm 6'4" I don't run and scream when she wears heels. Especially not those thigh high boots she has.
It's not uncharacteristic of him at all. At least not this decade.
And he was already sleeping around it's not like she "started it" by doing this.
That was already covered, not height so much as the distance from dick to floor. Let's call that d2f
Part of it is that the game has been adopted by overtly racist places live stormfront
[Did you miss this recent one?]( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/bju.13010/abstract;jsessionid=6560FAEF7DFF9CA093566332D47F42D8.f04t04)
Working at HP... They've pretty much nailed the culture of those companies. They're good at taking all the SV speak and pointing out it's ridiculousness. (Moonshot, making the world a better place through... Etc..)
That's not been a problem for me. I've never had my size seen as an issue.
I get this chain because my wife is marathoning scrubs
It was the same way for men, into the 20th century. They actually had to organize and protest to be able to go topless and for it to be accepted.
I mean, SV is office space + beavis and butthead.
You really thinking dodging only costs someone 40 seconds? There's the time for the queue, the time and energy negotiating and communicating with your teammates about team comp. Guess what happens if you succeed at getting a good comp together? Some loser wanting to optimize his climbing instead of actually play the game dodges because he's a coward and then you're dumped out to start all over. This tends to occur several queues in a row and next thing you know it's been 15-30 minutes and you haven't even started a game yet. Dodgers are assholes.
Murder isn't why people are in solitary. Also, what punishment would be cruel or unusual if you are justifying it by comparing it to murder? Having your balls smashed in daily is that cruel? Well not compared to murder in cold blood.
Cut his head off!
Could you have a shittier title?
Smash and fgc don't overlap. I hang out with both groups ... Lol
Leslie Jones got cat because she's black female Chris Farley
And a black guy everyone seems to forget about...
How playable? Are you considering a specific percentage of chapters?
Colts because that would be insane.
&gt;Criticizing Islam isn't racist. A racist can criticize Islam, but no matter how you want to word it, there's nothing racist about criticizing a religion. Then you understand what is being communicated here and are just being contrary for entertainment? Most criticism I see of Islam is primarily motivated by prejudice. Take it how you like, but arguing over what words mean is a bad way to do make an argument.
Lol, you're the one who thought religious freedom only applied to interacting with the government. I can see the embarrassment and attempt to deflect in here from you getting caught arguing from ignorance. It's really funny.
That and running away to junior college and Auburn because he was about to get expelled for cheating. http://espn.go.com/ncf/news/story?id=5783051
except he did win a super bowl...
I thought that animation was awesome. I really don't get the beef with it. The motion in that fight was so well captured. It was some of the best in the series. I think some people were put off by the decision to go with it that way, but I was impressed. That was quality animation - and really showed the power of the two fighters.
A team at Namco developed Smash Bros for 3DS and Wii U... Pacman was put in smash by Namco. Sega didn't make sonic boom games
You have it backwards. If you're unarmed, you're a terrorist. If you're armed you're peaceful... Somehow...
The french and Indian war had just ended
You're buying these guys bullshit pretty hard
The police had already returned the home to the landlord so it wasn't destroying a crime scene, but it was still despicable.
Congrats, you own a large property.
Ummm the Lions figured that out last year. Everyone's been copying them
Yeah, it's more interesting for characters the audience cares about to participate in the story than it is for random people to be the focus.
Like the time spike tries to rape Buffy, then he gets his soul and Buffy teams up with him, but everyone's mad at her for looking past what he did to her.
Freakazoid?
I heard that knowing jokes leads to STDs
I'd say Wii sports sold a buttload of Wii's. You cannot discount the title that convinced so many to purchase something just because it came with.
That's passer rating QBR is a BS thing ESPN invented
It was the year the skins demolished everybody in the playoffs with rypien at quarterback. Lions could have had the Super Bowl that season. Potato skins were one of the best teams all time that year.
