Incorrect. The simple answer is actually make a faraway cage. That means you put a car battery inside the cage and power leds from that. The most simple constant current source from a $2 linear IC has ability to dim using the feedback/reference voltage. If you use switching IC / LED driver chip you may get "noise"but way above perceptible frequencies
Subletting involves a signed document. Paying rent involves a check or getting a receipt if you ever have reason to pay with cash. Your story doesn't make any sense, but you should file a small claims after you report fraud to police.
Incorrect. They are supposed to be separate systems, but no one really maintains the manhole gaskets. When it rains hard and fills up the storm drains, water in intersections will go down into the sewer culverts. This will then flood basements with sewer rain water. It also means the entire sewer pipe can be flooded to the brim with water. Though likely the treatment plants let 90 percent of the water through and anything that can swim can avoid the removal of top floating stuff and the sediment which go into different collection tanks/ponds.
I agree. Something like this should never be drawn without 4th body terminal. But I'm confused at op. Clearly kn is kp and all the same for these ideal transistors. Why would he be confused. If id1 =id2 then vgs1 =vgs2....
Honestly, she endangered her community. She didn't even take his keys or call a cab. If he killed a family driving home from theater, I doubt she would be charged with accesory or negligent homicide.
First of all mF... You will need large capacitance to "see" led fade with power off over seconds. Obviously you can put cap across led and when powered the current will mostly go into cap and voltage will rise dV/dt will indicate how fast led gets brighter or dimmer. However the pwm will try and put an average voltage on cap, which may not show up well on led brightness because of exponential nature. It is easier to make pwm show different brightness levels with on/off duty cycle. You might end up trying to show brightness by analog voltage which is exponential. This depends on pin current drive, the RC, and how fast you switch the pwm, relative to how large the cap is.
The best solution here seems to be two wires, each with a two terminals and a lead wire crimped on that plug into each bee board. I see no advantage to making a pcb cross over when you can just make wires in an X. Also consider kapton tape and copper foil instead of a pcb.
No this was two years ago. She was republican judge for 13 yrs then switched to democrat for one year. Judges only punishment was banned from being a judge in Texas. But why the fuck you can do this and still practice law.... 'merica The judge immediately ran for a D.A. position. The asst D.A. Involved in this txting during trial incident is now a judge I believe in the vacated seat. The ADA who was doing as much as the judge only got a $650 fine.
Reed switch as input to a 555 trigger. You could have two reed switches at different radius to handle two magnets and make a more complicated latching
Cut all contact. Work on being best you, you can be. When she sees you've moved on and dating and like yourself and aren't clingy, maybe, maybe she will see you in different light. She is moving on, but hedging her bets until she has better thing, and gets everything from you like support, etc. Imagine you had a roommate that decided they weren't sure they still wanted to live with you. They aren't paying rent anymore and moved out, but still want to sleep in their old bed occasionally and eat from your fridge.
Table 15 it's more clear. Also you are limited to 25mA sink, 10mA source, so you need to consider pwm drew and driver gate capacitance.
Might want gnd / vcc pins next to each other maybe in middle /mid left edge. I might consider the gnd as a C shape on one side and Vcc as E shape on opposite side. Either way, make vcc much much thicker. Might need capacitor on vcc. Might need diodes depending on motors. You sure you don't need larger resistors, like 1/2 watt?
They have years of working with semiconductor fabs though.
Wtf are you talking about. Except maybe apt complex, every house in US has 240Vac transformer on a pole servicing a few houses. It sends 120Vac and 120Vac 180outofphase. (Your circuit breaker has half the breakers on one 120 and half on the other) If you wired your outlets with 240V outlets, you could have 240V kettles. In fact your oven range probably is 240V, just like electric dryer. Now kitchen outlets near water require GFCI so I'm not sure if they can make that, but near your stove you could. Also you can get 2kW on a circuit if you wanted to have upgraded wiring maybe a 30A 120V outlet.
He is asking about 3kW. This is already in people's homes, and for electric car chargers you just need visit from an electrician. If too many homes started down tesla route, they might need to upgrade pole transformers or install those rack battery storage things for off peak load distribution.
Cheapest is find old thermostat with mercury switch and make your own with bi metallic coil. Or just get a freeze thermostat which open circuit or close circuit when basically a relay from bi metallic pops at certain temp.
Nope. Dawn. If you want, go to any walmart and they sell small bags of oildri for $4 Also note that gasoline is bad, but oil is what asphalt is made of so just sop up excess, wait until summer
One, your best bet is analog/MS FPGA and you could use ADC for input, software to compute the desird analog output (opamp function, RC, etc) and use a DAC to output desired analog signal... Simulating the RC opamp etc.. Also read papers on software programmable hardware. Look at projects like LittleBits.
Just so you know EE and other disciplines have projected 0 percent growth in next decade.
Not months. At mach 4.2 only a few days.
2 yr old story. Judge resigned voluntarily to avoid any sanctions. She then ran for Dist Atty office. The other party in this was the asst DA who was receiving txt and telling prosecutors what to ask, mid trial. That ADA is now a judge in maybe the same court where the first judge resigned.
Did you check oil level? When was grinding noise?
Can you solder a lug to pcb copper? I doubt it would handle wires moving. I'm not sure how you solder a large lug without melting polycarb.
You are the same dick pilot who was partying with co pilot downtown all night. All of the passengers and FA left an hour early to deal with the snow which was reported on coming for last day on the news. But, no, you the asshole pilot didn't go to the hotel shuttle until the normal time and everyone at the airport sat waiting because two assholes partied all night and didn't bother leaving early. The FA told us how they left and got there on time. But we waited and watched you walk on to the plane an hour after scheduled take off time. No planes were delayed taking off that day, but we were all two hours late because of two selfish assholes. But after all the passengers spent the night in that next airport the airline declared it weather related, but in fact it just two pilots not getting on a shuttle until 20 mins before scheduled.
You don't have enough time. Even at 1s per entry, if you took over 1000 gas stations 24/7, you can get 200 million entries in time. Another reason they expanded the number pool. This last starting they only sold 75 percent of combinations
If you search around there are lots of post for nfc led toys. What you have to understand is with just a loop, the nfc field is looking for a device (chip) to respond. Otherwise you are getting a 2 Hz or something strobing AC signal. Why the led works is the nfc field generates like say 5Vac (really more like 10mA of AC current). The diode lights up because it is one way path for the current. What the nfc chip does is rectify the nfc voltage to a DC voltage which goes to led, cap, and current limiting resistor. Probably some diodes used as well. You might be able to place a second led in reverse to reduce some flicker, but really you need some diode bridge and capacitor and resistor to limit diode current.
Bullshit, the admins of jtv could do something about it. They have the ips. They could notice the same 100 IP coming into chat at the exact same moment over and over again. I wouldn't be surprised if they are all same ipv4 or maybe all ipv6. The admins love it. It increase value of their site and increases ad revenue, and tricks morons into paying to subscribe to these fakers. So admins won't reduce bots ever. People like you don't want to rock the boat since you are making money from all of this. I wouldn't be surprised if the bot sellers are admins at twitch, or maybe they are internal to their own servers.
Lol, see you are wrong and a liar paid by tmo to spread lies. Read eff article
Would it be hard to scrape hbo go listings? They don't have a huge number of movies.
Two things. Would it be possible to also scrape dvd release date, or Netflix recently added, and add that category. Also, if you look around on reddit there were recent posts about netflix hidden subcategories, which seem super easy to add and would be huge advantage over Netflix interface.
Charge one to 0.5V and use clamp current meter and longer wire to start or with
It's because there is a Google+ entry for GetLaidFlowers.com with a phone number and that address. There has been a website existing for 4 yrs if you check archive.org
FFS, it can be soldered. They have shrink wrap, he'll they sell liquid electrical tape which is like painting on rubber, probably better than new. You need to get mouse traps in your car now with peanuts on the sticky pads, who knows what else they chewed.check your cabin air filter also usually inside your glove box.
You are clueless. There is zero safe way to allow anonymous voting on the internet. If you want to do away with people knowing how you voted and introducing vote buying / voter intimidation like by employers, then go ahead. The only way to have safe voting is in person, counted at the polls, with public observers.
Only fill to 3/4 full. Tightly seal cap. If you still get code you may need new cap, evap canister, blocked vent line. You can read code yourself at car parts store instead of this wondering game
Brah, the batteries provide the HHO gas, but once the gas generator is started, you hook it up to that induction motor and it not only recharges the batteries, but provides 50A at 14VDC to generate more HHO, and also powers the grid at 5000W and runs a 600W humidifier... I don't understand why a humidifier... Hell, just buying distilled water to run this thing would be a cost savings over diesel... Why does this idiot even think any of this is even close to possible?
100 percent no it is not dangerous. Unless it gets wadded up and you jam connector in there. usually you need a new usb cable and you will further wear out that fragile charging connector which you are screwed when that breaks. Too much pressure or bending might cause problems. Almost all the time a new cable will fix things, I recommend one with led in it to tell you if current is flowing from the $5 store
This idiot spams videos to their subreddit /r/justkiddingfilms
Paging /u/TheRittyl these guys are astronomically stupid. What kind of college could you graduated from and have less knowledge than a six year old playing with blocks.
Is there junk yard or picknpull pullapart place nearby? First check the fuses for headlights. Next find the relays for high beam and headlights and swap them and see if anything changes. The problem is likely in the multi function switch (stick with knobs screwed into the steering wheel column), you can pull replacement at junk yard
The battery light really just means the alternator isn't charging. As you confirmed, at idle the voltage is below 13.5V which means the battery is powering most of the car. It's unlikely the battery is bad with a battery tender, assuming it isn't AGM and damaged because float charge voltage is different for agm compared to flooded cell. Obviously have battery tested because a bad battery could have killed the alternator, but obviously in addition your alternator belt is slipping, or your alternator / voltage regulator is bad, or your car has some sort of load detection circuit. Also a mouse might have chewed on a wire, like a field voltage wire to the alternator. Note: you should check voltage with battery tender on it. That would be the float charge voltage (hopefully your battery tender supports this). With the battery tender removed a fully charged battery is 12.6V depending on the temperature outside. Idle should be above 13V (13.5?) At a minimum and increase with rpm up to 14.5V (Odds are your voltage regulator is shot, or maybe replace whole alternator if warranteed)
Max voltage, is in fact maximum rated voltage. You should find a datasheet to answer questions about operating gating voltages etc. Galco.com has datasheet and app notes if it is same product
I posted website you can find datasheets on.
Turn down the heat setting. Don't run the fan on high when heater is on. Make sure heater is only thing plugged into that circuit. Plug it into one of those timers, so it cycles on and off every 10 mins
12v is too low. Maybe your meter doesn't work, but Google battery university float charge
You "cook" for a living and needed help on this question?? FFS.. Are you serious? And you threw it out?
Doesn't matter about her. If you see her say "hey I remember you, weren't you that girl from xxxx" Or just talk like she is a friend from high school. Stop worrying about what to say. It's not a big deal.
The system runs open loop when starting. It is probably running open loop always now with that code. Did you clear the code? If it returns it is 100 percent telling you one o2 sensor is not getting above 0.1V You can read data on most obd2 sensors, hell get a $5 Bluetooth elm327 one and run a phone app. Confirm you have bad o2, replace, then deal with hard starting. It might also be running lean (detected lean?) Due to fuel issue which the o2 sensor is correctly reading.
Also did you mean starter fuse, starting solenoid?, ignition coil?
Did you try the output \n Maybe a=6 b=5 c="3 4"
Quit spamming your lies. Pharma represents almost 10 percent of their money. Not 0.07
That thing has been through a fire. Anyways if your state has libraries, you can very often find chiltons etc and look out all up to your hearts content
Civilians don't have qualified immunity. Civilians face a trial when they shoot unarmed teenagers dead. Civilians don't have municipalities pay millions of dollars in settlements because of their negligence and still keep their jobs.
What really matters is mileage and if fluid were changed on time. Not just oil, but brake fluid, coolant etc. Someone with records and log or receipt will probably be more reliable car.
Nope, ask the seller of the have these things. Toyota will have records of dealership work by vin after you prove you are new owner.
Yeah, if the support is overhead of the hole, either bolt into hole with proper thread through chain, or wrap chain around and bolt it closed. Bolts over 10mm can handle thousands of lbs shear, much more than a static load of under 1000lbs.
Buy me this expensive thing!! I'm totally not qualified in any way but on 10 years people will be wearing them.
Fuck dude, you might as well post on seddit with this "course" and "free program". I LEARNED HOW TO INSTANTLY CONNECT TO PEOPLE, YOU CAN TOO! BUY MY PROGRAM ON UBEPOPULAR2.COM
It's spam, what do expect.
Trump is a democrat though.
It's not the same. For one thing heating a resistor is pretty efficient. You put wattage into heater and it gets hot, very little waste. You just need a fan, even the fan generates heat, but that is ok. Cooling is horribly inefficient. You almost have to make equal or more amount of heat (which is wasted wattage), then blow cooler air around. Compare a micro fridge same size as an oven
Ok, but then you consider that burning natural gas is currently way cheaper than electricity or heat pumps
I'm guessing you have autism. Not sure what big deal is with your desire for drama and posting what a weirdo you are
If the gauge is hot, you need to always turn heat on high. Does gauge go down? Is the vents blowing hot air? The heater core operates as good as a radiator. If you didn't do this, you can't tell if there was air, coolant not pumped, thermostat sticking, faulty temp gauge.
Clk node is floating need pull down. Outputs cannot be hooked to voltage source, that is like infinite current. You need to tie it to a load or just inverter or just probe the voltage. For reasonable simulation you want capacitance and resistance of next gates or whatever, led, etc.
I know a consultant to call, but his rates recently doubled or tripled.
No, you are putting horrible looking tile all over just because it"originally" sold for a lot, but obviously no one wants it so it sells for next to nothing. I also hate you put only two identical tools next to each other in your living room. Maybe the next owner with carpet over everything.
His toilet is in the living room? I only commented on the kitchen shit tile, the tile as door trim and shit faux carpet tile
Everything except their torque wrenches. Best $5 if you get then on sale. You won't find better for what it does
Interview yourself moron.
The 1/2" it's only rated to 150ftlb, so yeah I would suspect it might not like that regularly with spring fully compressed, but other than that they are better than anything for price and accurate. I will also point out that even at $80 for 4 of them without coupon or sales, you probably saving money.
I'm pretty sure it would be cheaper to have everyone put on a parachute and jump out.
I think the gimmick here is like the 0 calorie food. It is 950mW led with probably a usb 5V wall wart. But since it is 0.9 W let's call it zero and "barely measurable power"
I can't believe how much of his nonsense responses I read. From what I can tell he is making subsets, let's say white balls and black balls. 1 to 69 is assigned to a subset ("weight") If you choose white, then I give you 150 million combinations to choose from. I improved your chances of winning by removing half the combinations. The caveat is you have to choose white and the winning numbers have to also be white. So instead he is assigning each number to its weight of previously being drawn. So if ten numbers appeared 5 times in last drawings and one number appeared 6 times, then if you pick the weight 5 5 5 5 6 or however he does it maybe we call this "26" weight. Instead of 290 million combinations, we now have 1\*10\*9\*8\*7 to list. Of course it is moronic because overall odds are the same
Omg this pisses me off more than most shittykickstarts. This is the same as "I grouped the possible lotto combinations into 10 lists, you pick a list from 1 to 10 and I will give you 29 million possible plays. See, instead of playing 290 million numbers, you have 1/10 as many to choose from" It is moronic, because you start with a 1/10 chance of picking the list which contains the eventual winning numbers.
Search YouTube for Rise Robotics. This product seems to be they had this linear drive thingy with pulleys and were looking for an application.
Yeah, you should have wrist strap or at least touch large chunk of metal before dealing with IC or board connections. The esd event can blow up drivers on the chip and maybe just the pfet is blown up and acts like a resistor so output is no longer cmos. Depends on what chips etc. The same chip shouldn't be working correctly the next day, generally they don't heal themselves.
You might be the worst driver in this thread
I suppose it would have taken you 60 ft to react, but the min radius for that road would be at least 500 ft. If there was a clearing I'm assuming on the inside of curve where the blinding sun was coming from you would have had a clear view even from shaded runup. I'm assuming the sidewalk was on inside radius because you mention other side had concrete divider. Anyways I suppose it could have been a deer or cyclist. Sorry about your luck. It's generally safer to stay in lane if you can't swerve into ditch on right.
Because any man in Olympics is thrown out if they inject steroids. Every trans man in Olympics have to inject steroids to whatever level they want to. They can double or triple normal human male levels, the only thing that can even remotely make ur not cheating is testing at some reasonable interval.
That's a bold face lie. All the world records in sports except maybe some distance swimming, are held by people with penis. A penis 100 percent correlates to athletic skill
Yes, almost all Olympic records are held by people with penis size greater than 1" Every single one, so your penis has to be that big to win gold medal
No caitlyn didn't win an medals.check the record books. She didn't do anything so far but pose for magazines
No, but if you don't have a penis you didn't set a world athletic record. The fact is just being average make high school athlete puts you as competive as the best woman in the world. Look at serena Williams vs. Pro men challenge.
What the living fuck are you on about. Bruce Jenner was a man, competed in Olympics as a man. If he wants to now live as a woman, that's fine. She wasn't "seen as a man" back then. Like wtf.
What are you saying? There is almost no sports where women compete on the same level. Not horse jockey, not archery or shooting. I believe longer distance swimming, maybe because of differences in body fat. But not marathons, not professional gamers, chess? Nope. Tennis, nope. Competitive eating? I'm not even sure about figure skating based on difficulty of jumps and spins. So you tell me which olympic event, sport that are women sports, where they excel. (Graduate college enrollment an event?)
Do you know what the Russian coaches did to women for the Olympics? So yeah, if they well force hormones on women to win medals, why not men?
It's not complicated. You compete by biological sex. Nothing complicated. Any woman or transmen can compete in any make event in Olympics if they could come close to qualifying
almost all blower motors, the fan speed control connects blower to 12V when on high fan speed. You need check to see if you have cabin air filter behind glove box. Also see if you can spin the blower cage by hand. Check for 12V at fan on high speed.
Yes. Unless they invented a new advancement in battery tech. Average Lithium Ion is 100Wh/kg you take the product weight is 0.19kg with all the plastic etc, that is maximum possible for a battery that weight as (19Wh/5V) 3900mAh, now maybe they are including a solar cell, but that is way less output.
It's not, I just read it. Your link is bad
Illegal anti trust behavior where he colluded with top companies in field of Apple, Google etc. to prevent employees to earn higher salaries or find work at competitors. Was found guilty in court to tune of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Anyways, not a NYPA request, just a comment on how people that made the online world like Swartz etc mean nothing in internet consciousness
Google AN10441 Or arduino level shift 24V Not sure if your device can sink enough current, and ideally you are using opto isolators
One reporter at SFbay followed up with police. They confirmed his account. Ian was yelling in the street and police arrested him. (Some time after 1130pm sat) They claim when they put him in the squad car, he started "beating his head" on the bars inside the cruiser. Of course no one will ever know if the injuries where self inflicted. The police they dragged him out of the cruiser and tried to subdue him. Clearly we won't know what that means. But, he was then taken to the hospital. We know after he got out of the hospital, he returned home where police came a second time (240am Sunday) where he was banging on doors and yelling. He was arrested a second time where they claim he violently resisted. He was kept in jail at least overnight. They never 5150 him. He returned home and did the tweeting thing and committed suicide where police returned a third time to find his body Monday.
I'm sure the police will release body cam or cruiser audio where it shows the "self inflicted" injuries. Or how Ian was "violent" with police /s They only facts we know are: - he was put in cruiser - injured bad enough to be taken to hospital - violently arrested three hours later - taken overnight to jail - he tweeted then ~~killed himself~~ died the next day What we will never know: - was he drunk or mental break. - injuries self inflicted or by cop. - did they consider 5150 - exactly how violent were the cops, was it justified
Someone posted over on linux so guess my prodding is done
Google news, sort by date. The only actual source I believe is Jan 1 SFbay article. I believe the rest are quoting that. See also Wikipedia I'm curious about coroner report if SF requires autopsy on suicide and if family has to release it. Clearly no one cares enough to ask for cruiser audio or if there are body cams. I'm sure the family won't release hospital records from that night. It sounds like combination of mental illness and alcohol if police are to be believed.
The official police statement to SFbay reporter was he was violently arrested and subdued twice. Now you might argue he deserved it or it was justified, but both accounts from twitter and police paint the same picture.
Nothing was racist. Using a word in context of being beaten by police is the point, haven't you ever heard the expression "we are all n-words now" because black people have understood the police dynamic for a long time now.
It's not hard to find out, the police statement says they arrested him twice. Once taking him to the hospital for his injuries, the second time he was violently arrested.
10/10 for trolling. There is no Tan Murdock police report.. If you go to SFPD I'm sure you can request booking logs/arrest reports.
Um, that just links to SFbay article I've already summarized in all my posts. No blank reports or other crazy stuff. And that guy rambled on.
The SFPD spokeswoman already confirmed his accts. 1130pm Sat responded to his address, arrested and taken to hospital over suspicious person / burglar call. 240am Sun police returned to same location and violently arrested him "he again fought with officers" and took him to jail . Responded to call over his suicide on Mon
I'm responding to your lie about a blank police report or Tam. It isn't covered in your link and nonsense conspiracy trolling.
Honestly, no one cares enough. One single reporter asked SFPD when it happened at end of December. No one else anywhere had asked since then, cause of death, autopsy, police video. Technically police never officially stated suicide. No one cares enough to file public records request.
Incorrect, you get unlimited 480p video from a handful of approved sources. So if you typically watch netflix or YouTube at reduced quality, only then do you "get more data" for nothing. Everyone else is getting throttled video from most streaming video on the internet and ability to watch unlimited low quality videos
Wow it covers the range from 2.5" cup diameter to 2.6" Honestly you should have done saran wrap replacement with bowl lid
Use opto isolator with enable pin. Use large R and C so enable pin is high after a few seconds. Same can be accomplished with 12V relay and coil if you can live with powering relay.
How stupid to post this. Did you watch pressure gauge? You could have shown same video with a foot and playdough
You are basically a rapist in training. How pathetic and persistent can one person be to get laid. How can you keep failing and flailing at one girl who keeps telling you she isn't interested. Also, you are perfect example of fucktarded millennial. You are"chillin" after quitting your job? Get a fucking job. You think anyone is going to hire you with more than three months unemployed?
Let this sink in. The actual president already did this, and emails were leaked and BlackBerry phones went missing. Google gwb43 rove BlackBerry enterprise server. It's already been done, but they planned iraq invasion over their private server. You still didn't care. Clinton was doing exactly the same thing
First thing I read today and want to punch whoever wrote that way way way too long crap. I thought maslow triangle was seriously debunked
Desolder one side of both buttons. (Sides opposite the incoming power). Pull pins up 1mm. Check button with ohmmeter while disconnected. Plug in with buttons disconnected, replace buttons as necessary
No, it's federal law. NVRA requires jurisdictions to remove voters who haven't voted in a certain amount of federal election (something like 6 or 8 years?) You can also be added to list of must vote provisional/verify address if you get bounced address post card or file change of address with usps Cuyahoga county is not the largest voting county in Ohio. The director of board of elections is appointed by democratic party. The board consists of 2 dem and 2 gop. The meeting minutes are online. The board meetings are open to public. This is a failing by populace to not care until afterwards. Of course a county with larger black and poor population will have more of that population removed from voter rolls. The real concern is that rural conservative boards of elections don't remove any of their inactive voters. If you want to vote, you can send another voter registration in the two months before an election, or check status by phone, by state or county website.
Back up your claims. How is gop doing this in Cuyahoga county? What percent of voters were purged? 2% of registered? How many were dead/moved? How many hadn't voted in a decade?
http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2014/09/a-primer-on-motor-voter-corrupted-voter-rolls-and-the-justice-departments-selective-failure-to-enforce-federal-mandates NVRA does not permit the election official to cancel and rescind the improper registration immediately.[18] Instead, election officials must follow the time-consuming and complicated procedures outlined in Section 8 before the registration may be cancelled—a process that may take as long as two federal general election cycles.[19] The National Voter Registration Act imposes strict limits on how states can remove inactive, ineligible, or deceased voters. Yet Section 8 of the NVRA broadly mandates that states maintain clean voter rolls by requiring a “reasonable” list maintenance program without defining what is reasonable. NVRA list maintenance obligations are not confined to state officials. The NVRA imposes obligations on any local and county election official who serves as the voting registrar to maintain accurate voter rolls and to comply with the NVRA.[20] The NVRA states: “A voting registrar shall correct an official list of eligible voters in elections for Federal office in accordance with change of residence information obtained in conformance with this subsection.”[21] As discussed below, courts have found local election officials liable and have imposed various remedies against them under Section 8 of the NVRA. However, the Voting Section, where the author worked as a trial attorney, has an internal and informal policy of not enforcing Section 8 of the NVRA against local election officials, despite the statutory language to the contrary. This internal policy was implemented for the purported purpose of administrative efficiency, notwithstanding the gross failure by multiple local election officials to comply with Section 8 and the fact that it costs a lot more to litigate against states.[22] Section 8 Cleanup Mechanics Section 8 imposes an obligation on covered states to conduct a reasonable list maintenance program. Election officials must “conduct a general program that makes a reasonable effort to remove the names of ineligible voters from the official lists of eligible voters.”[ Tldr.. You must remove inactive voters of two federal general elections... just go read nvra
1993 nvra.. one part was states with same day registration didn't have to meet voter roll maintenance requirements. One intention is probably to keep more accurate rolls so parties know total number of registered voters who are likely to vote. I'm guessing parties didn't want millions of sleeper voters who could one year show up in droves and vote them out, or vote for a Perot type.
Just read the law... it says it exactly.. and details requirement for maintenance programs and purges. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/1973gg-6 (2) shall not result in the removal of the name of any person from the official list of voters registered to vote in an election for Federal office by reason of the person’s failure to vote, except that nothing in this paragraph may be construed to prohibit a State from using the procedures described in subsections (c) and (d) of this section to remove an individual from the official list of eligible voters if the individual— (A) has not either notified the applicable registrar (in person or in writing) or responded during the period described in subparagraph (B) to the notice sent by the applicable registrar; and then (B) has not voted or appeared to vote in 2 or more consecutive general elections for Federal office.
I believe you stated there is nothing in the law citing two general elections. I quoted you the statute. They are required to purge voters. Most large states all follow the inactive voter purging especially with bounced postcard for address.
Ohio only has party affiliated (dem, rep, green), unaffiliated, and issues only. There is no independent.
Jump the car, drive it home if you live within 15 minutes. Then charge battery or take battery inside and charge it. The best option is to put battery on charger then start car, less risk of damage to alternator
Depending on what state you are in, and age of consent, this post should be deleted as it could be planning a felony.
Real quick question. You need zero crossing to do dimming / pwm under a second, correct ? Does it work with ssr? Or better with triacs? I think I looked at ssr data sheet and there might be more guts than opto plus triac. Also ssr include a 100 ohm resistor which can make led dimly glow missing from these designs I think to prevent certain latching conditions
$1 resistor is 1/4W. The $9 load resistor pack is a giant 20W ceramic.
No. Since you are driving an led, you want to know the current and use a current regulator. There are many led drivers even an lm337 will work better
The locos mask is same as mask 1 (M1) because where there is not active region you grow oxide. The drive in is because you use ion implantation. You have boron implanted, then you heat it up and certain concentration of B atoms work into the Si-Si tetrahedral lattice allowing for p-type. You need energy to rearrange crystal lattice. It it's depth, concentration, and what happens if you grow oxide with moist environment with excess dopants at the surface.
Come on. He used the I'm going to kill myself classic manly confident seduction tool from the sidebar. This is so sad.
By your own quoted numbers, don't you think there is something odd if 3.4M votes, Clinton lead was 440000. Of the next 1.25M ballots, Clinton lead was 7000 Where the hell did the expected 200000 margin go?
No, they likely first implemented in fpga. If you have university access you can design a custom asic, but it is time consuming and expensive. Not worth it except to publish papers or application with large volumes or high chip prices.
This guy is trolling or very very clueless. Look what Tesla did in shorter time with maybe 1% or less what darpa or afrl would put into it. Don't forget 20 years of drone development.
You had blower motor fan running. Maybe lights. To give you an estimate, a new 30Ah battery can run 100 watts for about an hour before it is half drained, two hours and it won't start. The battery is for starting mostly. A radio and fan are over 200 watts, headlights are more. You have to let car run while making out. Also batteries need replaced after 5 years depending and climate and usage. Maybe 8 or 10 years
It doesn't arc to the food nor the metal walls. RF currents in metals don't like sharp edges and they radiate off. A fork is bad in microwave. A metal ball ball does nothing. A spoon is almost microwave "safe" depending on thickness and edges are rounded. Quit saying nonsense
Because Meyer has kept around two literal retards @4Warinner and @coachtimbeck Tim Beck's public profile (representing a public land grant university) says " I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me Phil 4:13" You have to call more than 5 possible plays. They cannot. Warinner is the highest paid, barely literate idiot at OSU. Just listen to his interviews. http://cbsprt.co/2ioixVd If you care at all about the future of the program, you can tweet Gene Smith @OSU_AD
Check out these for a laugh: https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;q=coachtimbeck https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;q=4warinner
Yes he is, he is co-coordinator, where Beck handles QB calls, and almost every play is option, so both put in their input and let QB decide after the snap.
Her ear piece came out, you can see it hanging by her armpit. She keeps trying to feel for it by her neck. She can't hear any music to even sing asking with it. She couldn't listen to directors. Also, not only it is badly lip sync, but if they auto tune her, you need to sing at same time as the notes.
Would have to disable all the beacon labels for everything. And probably start everyone on different planets. Would be super easy to find each other with voice chat. Would be nearly impossible if someone wanted to make underground base. If you did spawn on same planet, you just all head north using compass.
So they did a video showing two extra slots, but they didn't mention the crafting slot on bottom can also hold any resource?
Who is "we"? Criminals do not need to be included in any group. It is illegal and against site rules to be conspiring to commit crimes. Anarchists shouldn't be using a corporate PR website like reddit (owned by a PR media/magazine company)
Not that he didn't kill her, but you are a clown to make"fact" statements like that. Tiny smear of blood (size of qtip) was found in rav4. Somehow this matter criminal left zero fingerprints, zero blood anywhere else they touched, zero hair or dna (sweat dna is nonsense). None of his arm hair or head hair even transferred from his jeans when he was sitting in the seat.. but blood where a finger would be hard to place, somehow actively bleeding, but not anywhere else. Key was magically found after like three sets of cops looked for evidence of a murder in a tiny trailer. But none if them noticed a key sitting on the floor. Bones are barely proven to be human. If you want to go this route, the only TH proven bones weren't found where you stated.
What are you even taking about? There are over 100 million pigs slaughtered in US in 2015.. 9 billion livestock, with 8 billion being chickens in US in a year according to USDA. Global numbers are on Wikipedia. You are the one advocating inclusion of someone prompting illegal vandalism. Why do you think vandalism against a private company is somehow anarchism?
How was MLK a criminal or anarchist? It is legal to slaughter live stock. Always has been since humans developed laws. I'm lost on your bizarre thinking. Where does your thinking end? The enslavement of bees? The genocide of ants by paving companies?
What timer? You can do this with microcontroller or pic. Maybe with 555 timer and a counter. You basically have to know what enable pins you can use
You are kind of pathetic. Why would you post something like this online? People ate real, this might have been a real connection.
Either that, or check the wires on hvac. There is one wire that gets 12v (or 24vac, etc) for heater on, and one for a/c. They either have wires rubbed through, sometimes loose screwed in terminals, or most likely the board is bad. That's why old thermostats have a switch so you can't have both on
Firstly, this car is junk and miracle it is still running. Ask me how I know... The tension puller is an a spring to set pulley tension. It might need to be replaced if belt is too loose. You might buy a new belt and put it in. It is super simple to do, you need one socket or breaker bar. If the belt is off, spin the pulleys to see if one of their bearing is bad. It's possible the alternator or water pump pulley is going bad given the quality shit Ford did this year. It's no mistake this was last model year. Also the power steering was bad as well. Buy a can of belt dressing. But probably try a new belt first, or at least check tension.
Its also pwr gnd i2c. If you work out the addresses in software, you can just use same 5 wires.
Yes, it was last model year of maybe the worst us factory quality ever. Everything broke on this overweight, poorly engineered car. If it wasn't for V8 and rear wheel drive it wouldn't be on the road. The 6cyl had multiple class actions and recalls due to gasket seals
Why not just build at the poles. 24 hr power. None of the nonsense you describe
They can barely get uverse to most homes. The uverse uses a fiber drop and copper for last half mile. How much to wire fiber to the house? And you'd have to be close to a pole with the big boxes.
Please use your academic citation to refute what people said. If you have a penis, you are 99.99% chance you are male. There are some rare genetic disorders where you can be born with extra chromosomes or abnormal genetalia. Science has things that are measurable, factual, classifiable. Your chromosomes make you homosapien. You can't say you are a cat because you identify that way.
That's what I thought. Yes, there are some people not born to either sex, and people should be allowed to dress and identify however they like, but you can't just pretend people born make can magically just call themselves female.
The solution to mods and OP is to hide the post and ask them to edit it resubmit, pointing then to sidebar rules, or asking to include information. Most people that are lazy vague and distracting wont bother. Serious questions will
It's obvious they are a listing of City zip City zip City zip Likely it might be train stops. Probably sweden or Europe zipcodes.
Check your owners manual. There is one available online for EVERY CAR. You likely blew a fuse or fusible link. Hopefully the ones related to pcm, fuel injection, coil on plug, anti theft. Was the key in ignition when you changed battery? Does your key have immobilizer chip? You could have burnt up a PCM.
I'm confused why you would shift into drive then stop. I could see why you might mistakenly think neutral is ok for slow stopping, and sitting at red light in neutral might be good, then you shift into park. It is horribly wrong. You are using more brakes by stopping in neutral. Automatics use engine breaking by cutting fuel when you take for off gas. You have torque converter to handle engine vs wheel distances. By shifting in and out of neutral isn't the best.
Well one argument why you should downshift while slowing to a light is to still be able to drive away from hazards. If you are coasting in neutral you can power away. I suppose if you are sitting at a light stopped and saw semi about to crash into you... dunno
Also, one time my car wouldn't start because a shop left hood open when doing rear main seals. Long story short, if the air filter is wet, or air intake has water in it, it won't be happy. Also, old spark plug wires can short through insulation when moist.. but it might be coil packs.
Wish op was as well. All that matters is if you identify as online female
If it doesn't need clamping, you could use a pin with a hole in it, then a washer and then pin it with a trailer type pin or diaper pin. (Ie think nascar hood pins) You might be able to use rivnuts. Not sure what kind of clamping or vibration is involved. An extra washer can protect surface when unscrewing for removal.
A better way is to get harddrive magnet and slap it on oil pan (if not aluminum where you have to glue it)
He's already a cuck. He better cut and run, he's already being manipulated, like non-photo was included which sounds exactly like what would manipulated him to say yes. Oh, you are having emotional affair.. but it is text only, so that sounds better.
It's a 2 liter explosion. Put any gas that expands in there and that happens. Ping pong is just to be annoying
That's because he literally has an enemies list. Everything is about graft and payback and loyalty. Nothing about competence or doing good or improving anyones situation.
It's total made up nonsense. They are billing drivers for roads, but who is paying for sidewalks. I guarantee more people travel on any given road compared to the sidewalk on the side if the road. So the cost to public per person is larger. You get what, three road resurfacing in 30 yrs vs one sidewalk? Anyways, there would be no sidewalks without road construction. Rural places don't build sidewalks, partly because no one travels that far, and because they provide no benefit. You could make up same numbers for elevator vs stairs. Cost of elevator and maintenance electricity etc. Fuck those greedy takers of society that use elevators.
So that cop and osu guy really want drug dealers to have concealed carry? The whole argument is stupid, because he had guns at his house. A conceal permit is meaningless here, and proof that even gun owners can be shot (especially dealing drugs)
I explained why you are wrong and a bullet is not a crash.
Once upon a time, students were challenged and had many hours of homework a night. If you aren't challenging yourself and learning in your spare time or creating something, practicing some skill, you are just moving closer to death as a consumer. Candy crush or watching other people play games on twitch, isn't actually living. All of these constructs are designed to be able to advertise to you. Or spy on your behavior and better advertise to you. Might as well drop out and learn a trade if you aren't going to learn in school because it is so easy. (It is so easy because your teachers are now evaluated on the dumbest kids passing tests). Most universities are similar where you have to go out and learn for yourself. Sure you can breeze through an exam and party all week, but you aren't actually learning. If the class is that easy, you could have sat down and taught yourself everything in a week, but this never dawned on you, you were trained to be lazy, content, and a consumer (who should acquire debt)
How does hours of studying not teach anyone anything. You can't be that lazy and stupid. I'm not saying don't relax. But you go to school for maybe 6 or 7 hours. Sorry, but that isn't your time to relax. At one level it is to condition you to a 8 hr work day, and teach you to be a corporate drone. The other aspect is institutionalized daycare. Give teens a place to go to stay out of trouble, and keep them out of the workforce, to make unemployment lower. You are one of these lazy spoiled entitled kids that will flunk out after a year or two of college and not do any work, because your parents paid for it and you have yet to appreciate anything or work for anything in your life. Hopefully you take on tons of student debt, and let tax payers subsidize your adult daycare college which keeps you out of the workforce for another 4 years.
It's actually DEA has poisoned heroin, and it is killing people. That is the major reason for the drug overdoses. You may not believe me, but this article is from 1995: https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00042596.htm &gt;The Drug Enforcement Administration monitors the purity of and adulterants in heroin through "street" purchases of heroin (i.e., the "Domestic Monitor Program" {DMP}) and testing of heroin obtained during criminal justice operations. From June 1979 through February 1996, DMP did not detect scopolamine in specimens sold as heroin. During 1995, DMP made a total of 806 purchases, including 195 from Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania; none contained scopolamine. During 1996, of the 147 DMP purchases, including 46 from Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania, only two (made in March 1996 in Elizabeth and Passaic, New Jersey) contained scopolamine. In addition, four of 23,288 non-DMP specimens believed to be heroin and obtained through criminal justice operations contained scopolamine. The earliest was obtained in October 1995 in Bohemia, New York; two in March 1996 in Philadelphia; and one in March 1996 in NYC. 2011 &gt;The Heroin Domestic Monitor Program (HDMP) provides data analysis on the price, purity, and geographic source of heroin sold at the retail (street) level in 27 US cities. In 2011, a total of 642 qualified samples were purchased. Of those samples, 323 were classified as South American (SA) heroin, 296 were classified as Mexican (MEX) heroin, and 23 were classified as Southwest Asian (SWA) heroin. That's right, the DEA made over 20,000 drug purchases. The difference is that heroin is now containing fentanyl and causes overdoses. Also, according to Canada, "According to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police National Intelligence Coordination Center, between 2009 and 2012 at least 90 per cent of the heroin seized in Canada originated in Afghanistan." But the DEA claims NONE of the heroin in US is from Afghanistan. Explain that? Just like in the 80s (then it was S. American cocaine and crack). The DEA are smuggling in tons of heroin and it is killing people in the midwest. Check this and tell me where you find Afghanistan. https://ndews.umd.edu/sites/ndews.umd.edu/files/pubs/2013%20Heroin%20Domestic%20Monitor%20Program.pdf
OSU organizations want drug dealers to have concealed carry, is what the interview I read where about. Somehow that would mean less shootings.
Be glad some one bought you a nice car with warranty. Keep it in good shape to maximize resale value. Save money up that you would have wasted on things like catback, and useless intake. Hate to tell you, but those engineers optimized the exhaust and intake based on the flow going through. You need to increase intake air, and cool it if using a turbo, then upgrade injector to handle additional fuel required to go with extra air, then need a new ecu to control ratios. Adding a scoop to a vacuum cleaner doesn't make it work better. Putting a funnel in your ass just makes it sound different when you fart If the car is flexfuel, best bet is to run e85. For feel, a better suspension and stiffening bar. But really, save your money and get another car in a few years.
Do a co-op now. Extend it as long as possible. Hell, best bet might be to start phD, go off to work somewhere after a semester and finish research there, or do remote classes, etc. But get the employment, and decide if you want to finish phD. Your phD makes it harder to get a job if you aren't teaching unless you pick the exact right industry focused area, and some company needs you vs some Chinese guy hanging around in CA grad school waiting for that job.
I think lakewood or Cleveland is only place you can park on street overnight. Every suburb is same as east side parking on street after 3am
That's because Columbus doesn't have as many suburbs. Any where in Columbus allows street parking because of the inner city wasn't developed with garages. Cleveland suburbs were originally farm land and later developed into lots with garages. Same is true of most of Cleveland heights The snow thing is additional restrictions, but most suburbs no not allow street parking street 3am, so they have less plowing issues, since roads are cleared nightly. Westerville will ticket for overnight parking.
You need one decade counter, one bcd driver for each digit to display. This is good overview. http://www.electronics-tutorials.ws/counter/count_2.html You still need to decide count seconds? Reset at 12:59? Or 24hr? You would need more logic if you don't get an alarm clock chip. Like what if you had counters and counted 3600 seconds times 12 and then reset.You would need a divide by 60 and two decade counters could display min digits, with special reset logic when tens_minute is 6.
Looks like mfg defect, inclusion of some slag
You can buy a truss from drug store.
Um.. You are referencing an obscure mod for a shitty ftb mod for a game most people stopped playing years ago. With a bizarre G icon that no one would ever recognize.
This seems like it would be great for xbox. On a pc one player can use keyboard and the other a controller. The ue4 supports this with very little work, I'm wondering if devs have tried enabling splitscreen?
Why rewire the house? One solution is to run a relay coil in series with doorbell switch. When door bell is pressed, relay closes. Do whatever you want with relay contacts (closed switch, or powers some other circuit). The relay can be by the transformer or doorbell. Some chimes might not work with relay coil in series (coil is 40~200ohms?), so chime might need powered by a relay also.
Wow that's probably better than I was thinking or just using some 24v relay. Don't they have opto isolators that have anti-parallel leds?
Just read owners manual. You probably need to use fob to hold starter in longer since it is cold out. Or you can charge car battery overnight.
But.. big city, hard to find car.... lol.
/u/CESthrowawayeleventy Have a look at the imgur album of shitty internet of things. It's hilarious, water bottle with dock for phone and speakers.
Your "album" is shit. You don't show beans going in and coffee coming out. How do you know there isn't a keurig pod inside there? Or a hose underneath to a coffee pump. There is more detail in their youtube video. https://youtu.be/ndB_PnUv7hY
Good luck popping the top and adding water to yours..
What kind of question is this? Do you know the basics of what PCB is? They take copper, silkscreen mask and etch away based on the drawing you send them. So can the software make rectangles with holes in it? Yes. Can any mfg make this? Yes.
This is all about getting millions for "studies". Everyone will milk this, there cannot be any financial justification. Cleveland to Columbus might make sense, it's mostly flat, you could follow 71 and drop people at airport/rapids. But again, who is traveling, and the last thing anyone wants in either city is making it easier to compete with either airport or hospitals. Columbus won't win. There's isn't major rail to trucking depot. There is nothing downtown for transit. Cota is pretty sad. Hell greyhound is pretty sad. There isn't even parking or park and rides to accommodate something like this. Better choices might be the east bank of the Hudson river. It's already level. Technically Vegas might be an ideal place.
You sound like a NMS zealot. Honestly the devs are pretty slow fixing some low hanging bugs, like falling through ground, etc. Maybe it is holidays. Maybe it is still just two people coding instead of hiring people. Maybe they are just content with six of them pocketed a few million.
That's what tethers are for...
Hey how, according to assange, questioning shitty mods or clearly taken over Twitter make you a part of a black PR campaign, and clearly you are a state actor.. blah blah.. other paranoid ramblings. Wikileaks acted very strange. They don't release much and it seems they are the ones relating approved declassified stuff.
This is silly. The energy costs would make this stupid. You are basically running an amusement park ride. They would need mechanical breaking for backup, and I'm not sure if linear motors can provide regen braking needed. They would be like two person lifts.sideways elevators already exist I thought.
Even IF women somehow had odor free poop. How would a cis make differ from a transwoman digestive tract? Do hormones or makeup now make your shit not stink?
What kind of engineering project is this? This is a business school project at best. I hope this is done type of high school or community college, because best I can tell you copied some product postcard from a magazine. You demonstrate you don't have basics of what it takes to make a PCB. Have you even studied the many services that do board assembly? Have you looked at those machines which are often the size of a bus and advanced robot with computer vision. You do realize you would still have to load your own parts on a spool, so what would be the point? You should order a solder stencil and do it by hand if you have less than.. what 100 boards? If you are making thousands, you wouldn't buy a cheap home machine. Why don't you start with a pcb design and work backwards. See how much it costs to order a pcb. And where the costs are. See how much existing products spend on assembly. If you want to target home and small business, maybe come up with a laser cutter for stencils that works with your pcb file and reflow oven. But all these services exist.
So you want to put a motor that can lift 1000kg on the very car that moves up? Might as well use rocket engines...
For yds running. He is terrible passer.
Oasis...
Like most osc, they won't magically work in simulator, because they are symmetric. You need initial conditions, and use LTspice. Not a breadboard sinulator. You might be able to use a push button in series with cap to kick start it
