I drink and drive heavily. They've clamped down on this recently so now whenever a cop pulls me over, I wait till he approaches and shoot him in the face. I wouldn't have to do this if the drink driving laws were less harsh so the drink driving laws are obviously to blame. Abolish drink driving laws and you'll be saving lives.
It's also because you are the only country that really really really gets into everyone else's shit. I mean, this is a Swiss organisation taking bribes from South Africa and funnelling them to Trinidad and Tobago. Other than the fact that some people involved are American and they used American banks, it has nothing at all to do with the US. But there you are anyway...
There's a break in the middle, which is usually 70% adverts. Also during the build up and at the end. Even with the long halves, still have about ten breaks.
Spicy food isn't acid and it won't burn your skin no matter how much you eat.
You were saying that the 'no breaks' system works for football. I was pointing out that football has plenty of breaks. That's all.
You're not wrong. No one is an idiot just for believing in God. Just like no one is an idiot just because they believe in homeopathy or telekinesis or astrology or aura cleansing.
Why, has someone fallen down the well?
No no, I got the point. You think that's it's wrong to generalise about people based on a certain aspect of their life. I agree with that, and was illustrating that agreement by saying that similar things happen to other types of people who believe similarly outlandish things.
But it does have more than one *advert* break, which is my point fnaar fnaar
When I was a small child, I told myself that when I was an adult I would have two microwaves. One for preparing food and the other for microwaving things like jelly and bricks just to see what happens . I'm an adult now but my dream of having a microwave solely for play has not come true :-(
So, what you're saying is that if I drown myself in icy cold water then I'll lose weight? Thanks for the info, I'll give it a crack! You should post this on Life Pro Tips!
That's interesting, I've heard of the drug, mostly in the context of people suffering horrific deaths as a result of taking too much, but always assumed that it isn't used medically because it's too dangerous. Could you mitigate that with an ice bath? If temperature is the problem then maybe but there might be some other effects that wouldn't be mitigated. Very interesting idea though, but sadly I lack the knowledge to know whether it would work or whether it would just lead to multiple convictions for manslaughter...
Not drowning may be better in the short terms but for long term weight loss, nothing beats death!
You realise I now desperately want to microwave some grapes, right?
I'm not objecting to anything other than the statement that football has no breaks. I'm also rapidly losing the will to live.
You implied that football manages to be successful despite the lack of breaks. All I was doing is pointing out that football actually has a lot of advert breaks, a fact that may not have been apparent to someone who doesn't watch football and certainly wasn't made clear in your comment. Was this a worthwhile contribution? Maybe, maybe not, but I sure as fuck didn't expect to still be discussing it a dozen replies and 24 hours later. If you disliked my thoroughly innocuous reply that much, you probably should have just ignored it.
You can't honestly believe that's the test. That you should only disbelieve things if you can prove they aren't true? If so, prove you're not a cucumber. Or prove that I'm not God.
No. Neither do you.
Oh god, the temptation! THE TEMPTATION!!
I don't understand what you mean?
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
And yet you say that you *do* know...
The voidspace dude got banned, I wonder why he's different...
You absolutely right. Sounds like more of a methhead to me. Reckon she probably took the pokemon book off a trucker who found her unconscious in a highway rest stop after a 72 hour meth and jenkem binge with her pimp father, probably as payment for shitting in his mouth.
I agree with most of these but the final one is retarded. Did they not bother to read the law beforehand? Of course it's possible for Duggan to have been lawfully killed even if he didn't have a gun. Kinda diminishes the impact of the others that the final one is so stupid...
Why do you have faith that God exists?
It's the only logical conclusion.
It's not. Neither is wire fraud. What's your point?
I think the reason that young people feel this way is because they've only just learned about corrupt the world is and they are outraged. The reason older people don't feel this way is because they are resigned to the fact that the world is corrupt. I'm not sure this is better.
Oh man, I remember watching My So Called Life and the scene where Angela is dancing around her bedroom singing Blister In The Sun and I just went out and devoured everything I could find. Such an memorable moment from my childhood.
Pot plants? http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/About/General/2012/4/3/1333468800200/Does-having-pot-plants-in-008.jpg
It's weird because I live in a country where guns are pretty much completely illegal and I, well, I just can't understand why anyone would want to own this sort of thing. It's like having a giant collection of knives. Not meaning to be mean but it's just seems so creepy wanting to have all these dangerous weapons around.
If you're skilled enough to install Linux in the first place but still can't get it to work properly, it's probably not your fault that it doesn't work properly but rather the fault of the designers that created an OS too difficult for a reasonably smart IT literate person to figure out. Usability is a critical part of any piece of software. Windows works. I don't want to have to get a degree in computer science to browse cat videos.
Oh yeah, little Mr Knowitall here knows all about it. He don't need no medical degree or any knowledge about the subject at hand. He just thinks it's wrong cos it's, like, mutilation and that's, like, wrong man. Only things he thinks are real are actually real. Edit: on reflection, this is hardly the most sophisticated comment I've ever made so I'll try again. Fifteen years ago, you'd have been banging on about how wrong it is to empower gay people to follow their perverted lifestyle instead of helping them overcome their urges and become healthy straight people. Fifty years ago, you'd have been saying how wrong it is to empower mixed race relationships instead of encouraging people to form healthy relationships with their own kind. 100 years ago you'd have been wittering on about how women shouldn't be empowered to think they should vote and how much happier they would be if they stayed in their natural subservient place in society. 300 years ago, you'd have been saying that the idea that the negro should be empowered to seek freedom is wrong and they are much happier in their natural subservient roles as slaves. The specific bigotry may change but the bigots never do.
Despite what I've heard, it seems he may well have done a *few* things wrong.
You should (or rather, shouldn't depending on your perspective...) watch a film called The Grey Zone. Never has a film upset me or haunted me more. I once explained the plot to someone in an A&amp;W and we both just started crying. Even now, I don't want to think about it too much because it was just too traumatic. Felt like a little piece of me died after watching it.
Drill and replace gets you more cash than two minutes of picking. Why undercut themselves?
Polishing the pink bishop.
Don't come the raw prawn with me mate!
&gt;One started a very successful adult athletic organization. Tinder?
OKCupid?
The thing that I love about this fact is that the only way it make sense if people also played horseball. Association Horseball. Rugby Horseball. American Horseball. Canadian Rules Horseball. Aussie Rules Horseball. Gaelic Horseball. How different the world could have been :-(
UPISSEDS
You make a good point at the end. Been to lots of places in the world and the best tended to be multiethnic neighbourhoods. Always vibrant, friendly and lively and, damn, the cooking smells! The dullest places were the completely white neighbourhoods, which usually resembled the Edward Scissorhands suburb. Dull with dull people leading dull lives. Variety makes all the difference.
I think it's more that white people make bad neighbours...
&gt;no evidence of that theory I love people like you because you're so easy. I can have discussions about philosophy or science and it's hard to prove a point. But you, you sir, are just great because it's like shooting racists in a barrel. Nothing like an easy win to start the day off: http://m.sgo.sagepub.com/content/5/1/2158244015573359.full
Well, that sucks. Guess it's always hard being the first.
That's exactly what I don't get. Star Trek wasn't a terrible film but it just wasn't Star Trek. Abrams had the opportunity to create a new franchise, a new Star Trek, but chose to butcher the old one for marketing purposes.
Erm, you said there was no evidence. I provided evidence. Thus what you said was wrong.
Like my mom you mean?
I've been pronuncing it wrong the whole time.
I really liked the first series but the second felt nowhere near as good. Just not as funny and much more clichéd.
So grunts can't fucking drive in California?
&gt;"lyrics" for the theme song that were never used Never used? I think I remember them being aaaaahhhhhAAAAAhhhhHaaaaaaaa
&gt;I have a first/second date...I'm already totally head over heels. ?
Listen kiddo, if you don't want to be called racist, there is an easy solution. Stop being racist.
It's actually very simple. When people buy your products, you get money, thus it is very important that they pay up. When you buy products from other people, it *costs* you money. Thus paying is very unimportant and to be avoided if at all possible.
My Googles isn't working, can you help?
Can't speak for the US but in the UK this is commonly known as the "Proceed Directly To Jail" business approach. It's very successful, assuming that your aim is to end up in jail.
You joke, but I worked for a company that, for various reasons, had a client company's power bills. These people ran very power intensive businesses and their bills were huge, hundreds of thousands a quarter. Did they pay on time? Did they fuck. The company won't cut them off because then they will pay but take their business elsewhere. So the power company just waits until they decide to pay...
I have to have my head under nine pillows before I can get a wink of sleep
Don't listen to this dude, the IRA are a terrible investment. You'd be much better off investing in a growth terror group like ISIS. Even some of the newer Asian groups would be a better bet in terms of a five-year return.
That's not the rationale though. Those subs were banned because they were harassing people ie doxxing etc. They were not banned for their content. If you want to start a new sub hating fat people, feel free, you'll have no problem doing so, *as long as you don't use the sub to harass people*.
I'm reasonably certain that everyone other than me on reddit is a child.
Don't understand this at all. There is a clear and objective criteria. It's very simple and it is laid out in terms a child could understand: Don't use a sub to harass people. That's it.
No one has been banned for their ideas. The subs were banned for their *actions*, in harassing and doxxing people. You can *say* whatever you like but you cannot *do* whatever you like.
You can blame individual users as much as you like but the sub failed to properly moderate itself. There was harassment and there was doxxing and the mods did nothing. The lesson here is that it is perfectly fine to run as ugly and hate-filled a sub as you like as long as you're not harassing or doxxing people. Likewise, if you are harassing or doxxing people, your sub will get banned no matter the content. If r/askscience started doing the same, they'd be gone too.
You mean like a tracker fund? Good thinking, spread your investment out to minimise risk and smooth the returns.
&gt;it is illegal to use a business as an intermediary for an individual to buy from a distributor Isn't that, well, exactly what a business is supposed to do?
*check it out dude, I'm gonna do a sick worm on this guy's chest!*
So what you're saying is that I need to talk more?
This wasn't related to D&amp;G was it by any chance? Edit: probably not. I'm trying to be sufficiently vague so as not to identify you, but did it relate to Prince Phillip?
I'm outraged by this. Surely they could have just rolled the guy under a row of seats and had the cleaners clear it up afterwards instead of ruining the film for everyone else. Literally the most selfish thing I've ever heard.
That sounds like a really sophisticated way to say that you can unsuperglue your fingers with warm water.
BestBlow
A
It's actually very simple. The person who posted it came here to make the same comment as OP. But OP got there first. Should the latecomer simply post their comment as a new thread or repeat the original reply? Of course not, that would make no sense. But they would still like to contribute and show they also think the same so they reply with "came here to say this". What they are really saying is "I agree". No idea how so many people get confused by this, it seems trivially easy to understand.
I remember that time I ate too much popcorn and had terrible constipation. I was so glad I had the right horse.
So, what you're saying is that my brain self-removing hobby might nut beee sqch aas Re object j ed jfjejshhdj
Or, for our US readers, it's very SNES-y right now.
Sure, you're absolutely right. I'm off to play pick up my basketball bat and enjoy a nice game of ice field hookey.
Well, I don't know how *straight* it is...
When I typed A this is exactly what I was hoping for!
Otherwise known as the single most disappointing beach in the history of mankind...
It is incredibly disappointing. Internationally famous, symbol of Australia and all that, right? It is a teeny strip of sand with a few cafes. Might be a good surfing beach but as a destination it is terrible. Went there with the intent of spending a whole day there and left after about twenty minutes. It's that bad... Edit: exactly the same problem with Surfrider Beach in Malibu. Amazing reputation but it is a dirty strip of sand next to a water treatment plant. Shockingly bad. I think the problem is that these places need their reputation in order to be anything more than another small strip of sand. So they oversell what they have.
Reports of my fame have been greatly exaggerated.
This is the bit I couldn't get around. If you can determine that you are now a different gender to the one you had at birth then why can't you do the same for ethnicity? Presumably this woman felt black. So why can't she be black?
Well, I agree with you about people being born a certain way. I just believe the some people are born with biological features that don't match the rest of them. They aren't changing the *way* they are, they're just changing the outward *manifestations* of the way they are. But I completely agree about the logical inconsistency.
But if I was an American and I moved to Canada and loved the place and felt Canadian and got involved in Canadian rights and tried to promote Canada and everyone just assumed I was Canadian but I just never took the exam, would I really be doing anything that wrong in portraying myself as Canadian?
But that's a cultural history. And this woman clearly feels culturally black. If a black kid in Brooklyn can identify with people taken on slave ships hundreds of years ago, why can't she?
That's the thing. Imagine if someone was forced to resign for pretending to be white. I don't think that would be seen as acceptable.
But why not?
I work for a large credit card company. I have to remember about 12 different passwords that change every month. The only way I can do this is by saving them in an excel file on my desktop, which entirely defeats the point of having them in the first place.
*was* the working title...
Well, the power of Christ will be compelling *something*...
Using the Manhattan project as example of secrecy is a bit of a mistake. The Soviets had worked out that the US was trying to build a nuclear weapon by 1942 ie the year that the Manhattan project started and had successfully infiltrated the project a mere year later. Not to mention that thousands of people were aware of the project, they just didn't know what it was for. For example, staff were checking clothing with gieger counters but they had no idea what they were actually doing. This works fine in 1943 where no-one had any idea about this sort of thing but i think that an airforce mechanic asked to dispose of a jet or an army soldier asked to gun down a bunch of passengers two weeks after 9/11 would probably figure out something fishy was going on. Less than a dozen people knew the full intent of the Manhattan Project and the Soviets still knew about it and had infiltrated it in a year. Thousands of people would have had to known the full extent of a US government conspiracy over 9/11 for it to have had any chance of success. The idea that every single one of these people would have kept their mouth shut for fifteen years is so far from reality it's laughable.
It actually didn't work. The Soviets had infiltrated the project by 1943.
The fine will impact their stock price. It will make it go up. We know this because the company's share price went up following the announcement. Why? The market thought it would be worse. This is good news for AT&amp;T, not bad.
For what it's worth, alcoholism is an illness. I can understand him being angry for being lied to but *alcoholism is an illness*. I could even understand breaking up with you because of problems caused by your drinking or if the lies were ongoing. But for you to all but overcome your illness, to show the commitment and effort you have and for him to still break up with you? As the child of an alcoholic, more so than anyone, he should understand that life just isn't as simple as he would like it to be. He should be praising you, not criticising you. I hope you find someone more understanding next time.
You're not wrong. But alcoholism is an illness. It isn't simply as easy as just not drinking and it's not comparable to pretending to be a Christian. Imagine if we took a similar approach to other illnesses? *My father suffered from depression so I can't date anyone that does*...five years later...*OMG you have depression, this is utterly outrageous and I'm dumping you immediately for lying to me*. I'd hope most half-decent people wouldn't be so lacking in compassion.
It's ironic because he's now doing eighteen years for possession of a firearms while under the influence of drugs and possession of drugs and also for the theft of a few dollars. *Eighteen years*. It's a fucking joke.
Praying to the Lord, eh? Pretty sure that's a sign of lupus.
Jeez, she just wants to fuck the guy in an alley, no need to call her a dumpster...
Overmedication is a genuine problem but add absolutely is a illness and appropriate medication absolutely can help.
It always makes me slightly sad when I see this kind of reply, because it shows how far we still have to come when dealing with mental health problems. An alcoholic is not fully responsible for their actions and it's not reasonable to judge them on the same criteria as other people. I have a close friend who is an alcoholic and he regularly becomes very very ill as a result. When this happens I sit with him and he swears that it's not worth it and that this time he's going to quit. This is the time he going to change. And he means it. He's absolutely committed to doing this. And yet two weeks later he's drinking again. Is this really his choice? Because if he had the choice, the genuine sane rational ability to chose to act in his own self-interests, he wouldn't choose to piss his life away in a bottle. And you can make it as much as you like about his own personal failings and how he could stop if he really wanted to and how if he cared about others then he would stop and it's bullshit. The reason he drinks isn't because he doesn't care. He drinks because he's addicted and he can't control himself, not in the way you think he can. The parallel to depression is that people often have the same belief. *"Oh, just cheer up, life's not that bad! What have you got to worry about?"* As if it were that simple. As if they have control over it. Same deal with alcohol. Imagine you are OP. Your boyfriend is telling you that if you don't stop drinking, it's over. So of course you say you'll stop. Why wouldn't you? You love him and the drinking isn't really an issue. Besides, you can stop anytime you like, tomorrow even. So you'll just hide it a bit. It's only a white lie anyway. Only, you can't stop. You keep drinking, not because you want to or to hurt your boyfriend but because you actually can't stop. To add to this, alcoholism is an especially insidious disease because it tells you that you don't have a problem. You ever hear the line the first and hardest part of overcoming alcoholism is recognising you have a problem? It's not just a line. I could understand breaking up with her if he'd found out at this point - not everyone can handle someone with this kind of problem. But OP handled it already. She recognised she had a problem. She cut down massively on her drinking ages ago and is working on stopping entirely. The problem he is dumping her for is a problem she solved already. He should be supporting her, praising her for her strength in dealing with this and being understanding of why she lied about it previously. Instead, he leaves her. What an ass. Many people, especially on reddit and especially the younger crowd, like to see life as so black and white, like the solutions to life's problems are just so freaking obvious. *her problem is she drinks so she should just solve all her problems by stopping drinking, job done, what's her problem?* The reality is that life's problems are not so easy to solve. You think nearly 100k people a year would die in the US due to alcohol-related diseases if stopping was as easy as just wanting to? Life is all shades of grey and expecting people to be perfect and rejecting them if they are not is setting yourself up for a lifetime of sadness and disappointment. Edit: just to address one other point - you blame her for lying but you don't seem to recognise that her lying was simply another symptom of her illness. It's intrinsic and you cannot blame her for it without blaming her for the illness.
Didn't say you did but you're being very disingenuous. The comment you replied to said that a 9/11 conspiracy could never have worked because of the number of people involved. You contradicted that statement by claiming the Manhattan project as an example of the government successfully keeping massive undertakings secret. Its difficult to see how that could be seen as anything other than a statement supporting the possibility of a 9/11 conspiracy and it was this that I was challenging, on the basis that the Manhattan Project was neither kept especially secret not for any length of time. If you actually meant something different, then I have no idea what that could possibly have been. What were you trying to say?
It's difficult for me to reply to every point you make because I'm on my phone. Obviously there is treatment available for alcoholism. But if it is as simple as you make out, then why are there still alcoholics? Are the people who don't seek treatment or seek treatment but fail just personal failures? We should just toss them to the side because they can't muster up the strength to overcome their problems? To illustrate my point, you reference CBT as a panacea. Yet CBT is ineffective in the vast majority of cases. It works for a small number of people for a small amount of time. Simply looking it up in Google would have told you this. MET, which you seem to believe works, has a very small effect. Almost everyone that participates gets no benefits from it. There is no effective treatment for alcoholism. I think it's very obvious that you have zero experience of alcoholism or of mental health in general. You say that my views are very 1980s? Your belief in personal responsibility, your inability to understand that alcoholics find it very hard to seek treatment or even recognise that they have a problem and your touching faith in the medical profession to solve all problems is about as 1950s as it gets. It's outdated, it's naive and it's wrong. Edit: I missed the line where you said you are a social worker. You've probably been taught that what you believe is true. It isn't. Many many social workers have the belief that personal responsibility is the solution. It isn't. Believing this will do nothing but hamper your ability to help people.
I think I saw your mother in a film like that.
Unlike, say, Germany. They certainly weren't utterly flattened during world war 2 and they certainly didn't suffer a higher per capita death rate than the Soviets! No siree. And they certainly weren't half ruled by the Soviets until the 90s. Given this, it's amazing that they've been such a massive economic failure.
It would have to be a trilogy. Had the wall not come down, I'm sure it would have been done.
Every conversation I have with a social worker always ends up like this. A profound belief in your correctness twinned with complete ignorance of the subject at hand seems to be a requirement of your profession and it's especially bad with the newbies, fresh out of college and full of the invincibility granted by a term's worth of study of therapeutic models taught by someone with no medical training at all. Still, some of them do get better with experience. Hope you're one of them.
So it wasn't the invasion but rather the economic handling of the aftermath of the war? Which is what we're all saying.
That has to be the single funniest thing I've ever read. Geography must have been very confusing, what with you constantly yelling about maps not being facts and Greenland can border South Africa if you want to it to!
This is exactly the sort of lip that results in us fucking up your potatoes.
I feel ride if I don't reply. I asked a question, someone replied and I just ignore them?
I think putting the bits into a flashlight case would make it easier.
I'm no lawyer but I'm reasonably certain that law is unconstitutional. Not even the police are allowed to shoot escaping people unless there is a threat to life thanks to Tenessee vs Gardner.
The sick bastards. It's not even like the head is the best bit of the cow!
So why not apply that rule to every offence? If choosing to commit an offence is justification for killing the offender, why can I not fire RPGs at speeders near my house? Why can I not burn my neighbours alive for playing music after 11pm?
You love hearing people die? I mean, I disagree with you about the rationale but surely you regard this as a necessary evil rather than something you love? It freaks me out when people say they 'love' someone being killed.
Jeez, you're a sick fuck. I get they were criminals but nothing of value? These people had parents and family, you think they didn't suffer? You think they didn't value their lives?
You're not wrong. Reddit is batshit crazy. Police kill someone = fuck the evil dirty pigs. Private citizens kill someone = YAY!! I can't wait for an off duty police officer to kill someone in these circumstances, the cognitive dissonance will make these twisted bunnies heads explode...
What makes this so hilarious is that if the plainclothes police officer that turned up in time to watch this sick fuck murder two people had got there slightly earlier and done exactly the same thing, reddit would be flipping its shit about the dirty murderous pigs.
What? If you'd actually read the article, you'd have seen that he didn't even know the neighbours, much less having been asked to watch the house.
That's just a silly argument. 36k people a year die on the roads in the US, you are far more likely to die in a car crash than burgle a house and be shot. You take a far far greater risk with your life every time you get behind the wheel than you ever could burglarising a texans house. Does this mean your death doesn't matter? That you don't value your life? After all, if you did, you wouldn't take these types of risks, right?
Interestingly, these are all things that the US has also done, only we don't call *that* terrorism...
Erm, actually plenty of people moan about the Sauds. It's a very common topic of conversation.
But they may be planning on killing someone later. If the test is what someone may do, I can pretty much kill anyone I Iike!
Well, this would actually be the logical conclusion to what the homicidal nuts in this thread seem to believe...
I agree that taking risks is bad but I disagree that taking risks means you don't value your life. The guy doing 100mph isn't doing it because he doesn't value his life. He's doing it because he thinks nothing will happen. He's making a poor judgement of the risks, much like the burglars did. All human life has value, no matter what someone has done. But I get the sense that you probably don't agree with OP that *nothing* of value was lost. Even if you think the guy was justified, you seem altogether too reasonable to relish it as much as OP. Hope you have a nice weekend too :-)
You're the one saying you love death. I think the hyperbole is justified.
I'm buying this book and I don't care that it doesn't exist.
And now I want her to write a book from the viewpoint of his cock.
I know exactly where you're coming from. I've got a friend who is racist, awesome guy, cares about people, looks out for you and I've known him for nearly fifteen years. We established the fact that he is racist rather early on together with the fact that I never ever want to hear any of that shit mentioned around me ever under any circumstances or we are going to have serious words. If he kept bringing it up all the time we wouldn't be friends but it's not come up for years.
This is probably the most reasonable approach to a painfully complicated topic I've ever read.
So anyone without value can be killed because it benefits society? This sounds awfully familiar: http://www.theholocaustexplained.org/ks3/life-in-nazi-occupied-europe/non-jewish-minorities/disabled/#.VYTMm-lwbqA
So you do love death. People like you worry me.
&gt;Abs and luck saved this driver So I should do some crunches before I drive in the wet?
I second the pav tab, it's not classy but it's fun and cheap.
They cast the demon out of their money?
I generally think of tits as on or off. That gets on my tits. I'm boiling my tits off.
So the holocaust was only wrong because it killed people of value? If it had just killed people like this you'd have been OK with it? The difficulty with that argument is that it is the people doing the killing that get to decide who has negative value. I pretty sure the Nazis felt the same way about the Jews as you do about these people.
The drums, the drums of the deep. They are coming.
I don't think his roles in Donnie Brasco and Pirates of the Carribean are remotely similar characters.
&gt;to help playerz read product labels That sounds kinda sweet.
THESE PRETZELS ARE MAKING ME THIRSTY!
I'm not entirely sure I agree. I think Obama has been a terrible president but he did do one thing and that was be the first black president. Prior to him, no one really thought there could be a black person in the Oval. After him, it's a lot easier to imagine. If that is his whole legacy then it's worth it. So I don't think there is anything wrong with voting for Obama just because he is black and I don't think there is anything wrong with voting for Clinton just because she's a woman. You may not get what you want this time but it is a huge leap forward to opening the field for the future.
Thank you so much for this. Like you say, I don't believe that this is the sort of thing that changes as a result of pressure from outside but it is terrible to sit nearby and just pretend nothing is wrong. But, similarly, it's so easy for him to feel attacked - he's already vulnerable and feeling criticised by a friend could make it even worse. I'm incredibly grateful for the advice and I'll see what happens...
Thank you. I agree that there is every chance he will fly off the handle as a defence mechanism but it's gotta be a price worth paying. The alternative is just to watch him slowly die.
I thought he had reached bottom but it seems he still has some way to go. Will see what happens...
I usually find threatening the police with physical violence usually resolves most disputes pretty quickly. They're very easily intimidated.
I think it's a bit more complex than that. There is likely to be a presumption that that you are aware of the contents of any bag in your vehicle. However you can rebutt this presumption. All this does is shift the burden of proof away from the police having to show you knew what was in the bag to you having to show that you didn't know.
If you think about it, having segregated shopping days is no different to to segregated changing rooms. You are still keeping men and women separate for cultural reasons.
This is the same justification that Saudis use. Woman have to be accompanied by a family member because otherwise they'll be harassed. It's for their own good.
You guys are weird. A young kids does something dumb and gets sent to prison *ahmahgahd dur justice system is retarded*. Different young kid does something dumb and doesn't get sent to jail *ahmahgahd dur justice system is retarded*. Make your mind up. Either we throw the book at kids or we don't.
Your complaint here is essentially that some people have found a way of providing furniture cheaper than you can. I feel for people who lose their jobs as a result of technological changes but the changes are still necessary. I have no hesitation in using my flush toilet despite the knowledge of all the nightsoil men that it put out of business. In terms of guarantees, if you buy from Amazon or use a credit card, none of the issues you mention would cause any problems at all. Certainly nothing that would justify paying 10x the price.
Funny you should say that... http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B004WN7ANG?me=&amp;ref=olp_product_details From what I've heard, they work a treat. If not, baby valium is a good alternative.
That's not actually true. Men see it as protecting women, both physically and in terms of their reputation. Women really aren't seen as being unable to control themselves. The only difference between the frat bros and the Saudis is the degree of protection needed. We have separate changing rooms because frat bros may harass woman. They have separate lives because their version of the frat bros may harass women. Same reason. It's just a question of scale.
I think you're probably right. But does that make it the wrong thing to do?
It's not about plausibility but burden of proof. The burden of showing that you didn't know rests with you rather than the police, meaning that you have to provide some evidence that you didn't know. Imagine a scenario where you are pulled over by the police. It's you and another dude and a bag with some coke. No other facts. In this scenario, there is no evidence to rebutt the presumption that you knew what was in the bag. So, if the burden of proving you didn't know resists with you, you're guilty. But if the burden of proving you did know rested with the police then you're not. It's all about who has to prove their case. This is simply shifting the burden of proving it from the police to the suspect. If you have a plausible reason, the police will have to prove that reason wrong before they can charge you. If you don't have a plausible reason then *you* have to prove you didn't know.
Again, I'm sorry the bottom fell out of your industry but raging against the dying of the light ain't gonna help. Amazon can sell your product for a lot less than you can, delivery included, and I'm not going to pay more for a bed just to keep you in business. In terms of credit cards, a) pay it off immediately and b) if it breaks five years down the line then I don't give a toss if Amazon is out of business cos my credit card company just gives me the money back. &gt;have you finished high school yet Many years ago, which was also the time I stopped working retail jobs...
Well, the law isn't saying you're guilty, it's saying that certain facts are assumed to be true unless you can show they're not. There are lots of offenses where guilt is assumed based on a set of facts. For example, if you get caught fucking a 13 year old, you have to prove that you thought she was over sixteen rather than the police having to prove you knew she wasn't. If you can't do that then you're guilty, regardless of whether you actually did know. I actually do know a reasonable amount about the law, having a degree in it. It's not a US law degree mind so I can't comment on the actual law relating to drugs found in vehicles in your jurisdiction (although it does seem likely given that this is how that law works in mine) but this is more me trying to illustrate how presumptions can shift the burden of proof in criminal cases and that it isn't the malign deal it might appear.
Fuckin' magnets, how do they work?
Is it possible you're confusing sequencing with matching?
I don't think it's a sin to eat if you don't know about it.
Because it's a presumption of a fact and the presumption can be rebutted.
This is an Excelent pun thread.
No, they loved it. Made the water all warm.
Still send her the bill though.
I'm loosing the tigers!!
Looser.
Goddamn women shitting in the trash can.
Thank you for this. It's good to know that this might have made a difference for you. I hope it does for him...
I will do exactly that. He can be quite angry at times and this might make angry, but this is still the right thing to do. Thanks for the advice.
I have very little hope that it will make a difference but at least we won't be pretending nothing's wrong.
If you want a fun conversation, try discussing the sovereign citizen and freeman movement with a true believer. The utter lack of rationality you need to believe things like that make it so I'm not surprised they blow shit up...
In all honesty, who hasn't been a *little* aroused by a woman shitting in another woman's mouth?
How would that work? If I understand correctly, they pay you for the electricity you return to the grid. If you installed lights then these would increase your power usage by more than the extra amount you returned as a result of the lights, so the amount of electricity you'd sell would be less than before and you'd lose money. The only way to do this would be to have your neighbours set up lights off their power supply and you have the cells. That way you can take the electricity from your neighbour, launder it through your solar cells and then resell it back to the company. Even then, you're still only getting 10 - 15% efficiency, so you'd still be losing money because you may be selling each kilowatt hour for $0.55 but you're using 10 kilowatt hours to generate it at a cost of $1.10.
With a nice chianti and some fava beans?
Kinda works better with WELL YOU'RE FUCKED NOW!!!
On bond Street but it'd be an odd place for a date...
Can't legislate for the mind but legislating for actions is surprisingly easy. Even staunch gay haters tend not to want to go to prison for their beliefs.
Bambi was a boy, right? If he liked single bucks, he must be well pleased with this decision.
They're a bit racist, underfunded, prone to incivility and unnecessary arrests and often as thick as a short plank. But they're way better than the numerous thugs in uniform you get in the US. I doubt most US police officers would last five minutes in a British police force without being shitcanned.
They're fine for you. But there are certain requirements that UK police have to follow that US police don't. Failure to follow these would probably result in prosecution. Obvious areas would be use of force and police pursuits. No matter how good the US officer is, following the training they get would result in a completely unlawful outcome.
It's more than UK police have a lot of legal requirements that US police don't. As an example, it seems the US has a lot of police shootings involving mentally ill people. These are often considered legitimate shootings because the officer was defending himself against a threat. This applies even if the officer instigated the conflict. In the UK, an officer that placed himself in a situation where he was forced to shoot a mentally ill person would be dismissed and prosecuted, unless he had done it to protect someone else's life. Likewise with police pursuits - all pursuits must be authorised by a senior officer and must be abandoned if unsafe. This leads to things like a total ban on the pursuit of motorcycles because the risk is too great. The reasoning is that, no matter the offence, the suspect's life takes priority over arresting him. There is just such a massive culture difference that a US-trained officer could never ever be compliant.
&gt;Two countries will colapse Is that like a double prolapse?
I adjust for this by downvoting every comment that doesn't have a score next to it
I'm sure I'm not alone in thinking the film would have been waaaaaaaay better if the main focus had been on a long and complicated employment dispute, resulting in arbitration and a confidential settlement. Just think of the drama inherent in HR meetings. Would have been some convincing Oscar bait.
Psst, this is why doctors recommend that you take your medication.
He was an executive producer because his production company, Jersey Films, was one of the two production companies involved. Whether he actually did anything himself, I've no idea but the company would have absolutely had a major role in the production of the film.
Appropriate username...
A joint savings account shouldn't be too much of a worry, unless it has an overdraft. If you're worried your ex will just take any money you put it, get a joint signatory account so you both have to sign, or a trust account managed by a third party.
Plus if you share a grandparent, you're at least cousins. Surely people are likely to know their cousins.
That's a paddling.
I used Mint when I lived in Canada, showed things like your total debt, net worth, interest rates and stuff like that. Made it very easy to keep on top of things.
No, it was completely staged. I saw a comment a while back from someone who works as a producer and they pointed out a whole bunch of shit that made it very obvious it was staged.
Still saves money though. Providing housing, with related support services, saves a ton of money per homless person compared the broader costs of crime, healthcare, etc associated with not providing these services. It's a false economy.
The very model of a modern major-general.
