It was the Wind Fish's dream. So when it awoke, they ceased to exist.
Also, Ivalice continues to exist, he just makes the kids leave it. It's also implied that they can travel back and forth if the post game is canon. So it's more like Marche just wanted his friends to accept that that wasn't their world, rather than abandon it for their shitty lives.
The official timeline ruined the really comfy head canon that I had concerning that. I had convinced myself that Wind Waker &gt; Hourglass &gt; then Oracles/Awakening interchangeably, all with the same link from WW, because why else would he be sailing around?
By a Japanese(-American) guy, as a modern spin on a Japanese custom. Surely they'd be considered Japanese as well.
China is a massive country, which more region differences than you can count, and a storied history filled with more change than most other countries. To suggest that there is no true Chinese equivalent of modern Ameri-Chinese foods is nonsense. There's a fun buzzfeed video where Chinese and Chinese Americans eat Panda Express. Most of the video is Chinese Americans claiming that the food is bullshit and nothing like China, while the older generations' opinions are mixed from "awful", "this is really close", to "this is great, just like home" - orange chicken in particular is dismissed by a kid while an older man says that it would be accepted by the Chinese. What someone from one locale of China can find alien, another may find spot on.
I haven't read the article, but when I worked with kids they seemed like the only group that unanimously liked long hair on men. Even the ones that said I looked like a girl would follow it up with saying that it was cool.
I think I made my initial point unclear. I don't mean to call if specifically one or the other. It can be both American and something else. Fortune cookie, strong Japanese influence, geographically invented in America and adapted to American tastes. I'd say it's both, because on one hand it's strongly based on the dish of another culture, while made in the US. It detracts from the other side to name it one. As for the burger, I don't even know that back ground entirely, but the same logic applies to me. Maybe I'm stupid
I'm going to say something that probably makes me a terrible person, but this video with police showcases a lot more problems than the other recent outcries against cops. While the events that led in deaths earlier this year escalated further than they should of, while the officers involved could and should have handled it differently, perspective is key and a lot of people choose to just see it as cops casually assaulting and gunning down kids. Whereas here, that's actually fucking happening. They're throwing down girls who are doing nothing but sitting on the ground and getting scared, they're guns drawn chasing people who were trying to protect the former. I don't think all cops are bad or racist but Christ this video shows that we need to be more vigilant concerning who gets not just a gun but a badge. People should respect and trust the law and those that represent it, but in turn the law and those that represent it should respect them. Fuck this Judge Dredd noise.
This is an interesting comment to me. Posters in the US, and western Europe, and to a lesser extent the rest of the world, are quick to shut down the US for it's bases as nothing but bad militant imperialism, but surely it offers some benefit for the host counties.
No you don't. Her arranging for his murder doesn't mean he couldn't have been suicidal. It's possible for both to exist. Suicidal people can still be murdered. Yes, he may have killed himself, but you don't have to ignore that possibility to also consider that he may have also been the victim of a drug addict looking for a way to her next fix.
&gt;Does that sound believable to you They're on heroin, if it's so consuming that it can play a role in Kurt's suicide, then it can surely be consuming enough to play a role in Courtney wanting a few dollars more. Now you're suggesting rich people are incapable of crimes to make themselves richer. It happens all the time. Add drugs to the mix. Also, &gt;two largest rock stars in the world We're talking about Courtney Love. She's not on that level, she was never on that level.
I want to believe that r/creepy's self posts are true stories whereas r/nosleep is for fiction
I dig it. I also don't find Aqua Teen funny in the least, so to each their own.
A lot of people do this, even the ones that aren't the inbred racist hicks that people think everyone in the south is. To many people, Confederate pride is American pride, because the Confederacy is an exercise of American rights. The Confederate States of America, the right to bear arms against a federal government that you feel like no longer represents your best interests ("hurrrr slavery and racism the latter of which was surely unknown in the north, that's not revisonist at all") and the very action that founded America. As much as people want to deny it, for a lot of southerners it really is a pride thing that has nothing to do with racism, and when people like you and the ones responding to you dismiss them like this, I can sympathize with them taking pride in a rebel aesthetic.
&gt;there are seriously people who aren't part of the idort master race isshygiggydiggy
I live in Cocoa Beach, so I'm at shows pretty frequently, which is as irrelevant as your question. How can anyone possibly think that NXT is some obscure, low key scene? It's probably more known and watched than TNA.
I hate you Heath Slater
Technically correct? These could be fursonas for furries.
It's really dumb. It's not hard to type "Andre Battle Royal" unless you don't know how to type, and it's not really a mouthful either. It's a quirky acronym for the sake of being clever.
You'd hope so, wouldn't you?
itt people with weird perceptions of 4chan
Thanks brah, works fine. I don't suppose there's any mods/patches that replace the onscreen keyboard prompts with controller ones, are there? It's definitely doable just winging it from Xbox memory, but it'd be nice if the option existed.
That's not that weird. My facebook occasionally suggests me old online friends too, because I used the email address to sign up that I used to talk to them ages ago, and so did they.
There's plenty of logic to it. Swords = bad, and Luigi does seem like one best designed for spelunking.
Well yeah because sometimes you want Lucina in your butt so badly that it's worth it
&gt;there are seriously squares out there that don't fight for an independent Vegas, free of the Legion, Republic, or House
Yeah because similar angry groups like nWo had logos meant to look like they had high production values too, right?
"HE WANTED A DOG FOR CHRISTMAS"
Great, another one of the Rock's cousins /s
Black tights.
Nash may not be the best wrestler or the nicest guy, but he's a true businessman and knows that side of the industry.
This is pretty cool, I like it when people get unique merch other than just a t shirt. Also, I just noticed that the Conner's Cure bracelet is in the eshop under "The Authority".
I think it's a good gimmick. They're her stooges. It's not B&amp;M managed by Bliss, it's Bliss managing B&amp;M. Her having two too tough, generic crony hounds to build her up makes her look that much more capable.
&gt;The tag team division is what is going to, in my opinion, be the area they mass improve on the main roster this year Every year for the past four years has started up as the year where tag teams matter, and every year it quickly grinds to a halt. WWE just won't invest the time and effort into making the tag division anything more than a side show for more than a couple months.
They had the Matadors, the Rhodes Brothers, the Shield, Sin Cara and Rey, pre-New Day New Day, Evolution, J&amp;J, etc. They've had hot tag teams in and out for years, and they cool the flame every time it gets interesting
Bisexuality just enevelops the "two" sexes, pan- can encompass all of the sexes. You know, the ones the invented that aren't male or female. Like "attack helicopter".
"The Penis Game"
Deadpool, cringy? No, never! The popular Deadpool of the last decade of so has been a shining paragon of high brow humor! No fucking shit, dude
Because Harley Quinn is a shit character, redesigned and rebranded to appeal to edgy kidz.
I could really get behind Deadpool just going back to being athe self aware "merc with a mouth". The fourth wall breaking was fun at first, from time to time, but it's been so overused by everyone that it's just gotten annoying. That and the purely random humor. It's like how Spider-Man portrayals have been. Do people just not know how to write clever/witty/funny anymore without scraping the bottom of the barrel?
That is disturbingly untrue. Harley has been increasingly portrayed as competent and in control of herself. She started as some goon, brainwashed by the Joker into thinking that she was the only one who understood him and that he loved her for it, while in reality he just liked having a slave. As Harley got more popular, she gets written less and less like a simply stupid and impressionable woman that slept her way to the top of her field only to get dominated by a better manipulator than her.
Yeah, I might've misworded. I'm sure that all the sets covered the original 151 Pokemon, but that there were probably duplicates, meaning there weren't an "original 151 cards".
I don't want to lose my internet points, I can cash them in on the secret VIP store
Not to mention Kenny Omega's chainsaw.
You'll fit right in in r/discordian hail eris
&gt;For context: Me and my friend (not the guy on this pic) we are indie developers &gt;portal styled puzzle game! lmao okay keep on keeping on I guess
My neighbor's dad and I used it for Mortal Kombat moves.
It looks like they have a pretty nice ass, I'll give them that.
Especially if you read how the trials went down. They had experts coming out of the woodwork with examples of how plausible the dingo story was. Evidence of dingoes stripping meat of its wrapping to get at it, to justify how the child's clothing would've been removed. Photos of dingoes extending their jaws enough to fit over a doll's head, even larger than the baby's. No one wanted to believe that though.
Stick figure families on cars are lame. Innocent, but lame. Parodies of them are fucking terrible though.
http://i.imgur.com/B9d91H9.jpg Finally, Finn Balor's stupid headpiece almost makes sense.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
&gt;Beretta and Romero at an event that Triple H was scouting Please don't. ^unless ^the ^money's ^good ^or ^something ^^I ^^guess
Did Anderson or Romero really outrank Omega as far as foreigners in New Japan go?
My computer's audio in/out are broken, so I can't use speakers with them. The computer's built in speakers work fine, but they're not loud enough for what I want, since I'm hooking my computer to a projector and using it to play a film. I have a USB with extra audio outs in the mail, but I need something for tonight. I wanted to use my phone, which I already use as a USB mic/camera, and its significantly louder speakers in the meantime.
What do you mean?
Please don't use metaphors that have to do with vehicles, like "break", okay? I identify as a moped and I'm tired of this systematic oppression of my kin by cisshit white /walkers/ like yourself. You don't have any command over us.
I'm using it now, and running into some issues. First, I can only seem to get it to connect via wifi. What I really want is a wired method. Second, it worked fine when I tried to play music. Some distortion, but nothing much. But when I use it for videos, like youtube, I can hardly hear anything. Just very faint distorted noises.
&gt;self entitled You're on fire tonight
http://i.imgur.com/GtCK9Lr.png
Apparently the distortion is on my end, so using this app for what I want isn't going to help anyway. Thank you for trying, though.
It sounds like my headset is underwater. Everything plays fine with my speakers, but through headphones it get distortions. Echos with music, if it's a song the music is loud and the vocals are faint, and everything seems to echo and change pitch. I thought the issue was my audio out port, hence wanting to use my phone as a third party, but it was giving me an issue with this app too, so I did more experimenting. USB headphones give me the same problem, and I know the USB port is good, and I know all the headphones involved are good. Right now my "fix" has been changing the balance to all left or right while on my headphones. No more weird distortion, but that's definitely not my ideal solution.
I'm a retarded child and still amused by unexpected dickbutts
Chikara had a fantastic variation of this not too long ago.
2k15 even had Nakamura's running knee.
I think you're getting the same drink in the UK, it's just bottled by Coke at Coke plants. It's still a non-Coke produced beverage.
joanna cesna beter branel brain fsgot
The Antidiluvians aren't even real
I also blame Roman Reigns for most things
&gt;956 Yeah I'll just stick to jerking it
Was Heath ever not over Nexus as a singles guy? I thought he and Gabriel remained a team, and when that dropped, he dropped it. I thought the post was about how he was still a band guy after 3MB
It's probably creepy for the snake
This is beyond just cringe and it's actually depressing to see, esp in comics because it shows the silly tumblr mindset somewhere that isn't just online. Here it's physical and real and taking over another medium other than video games. But [unsolicited opinions on Israel???] is hilarious
Is just an old, ingrained trope. Something similar is from older Chinese cinema, where when a character would be introduced, the screen would freeze and their name would appear. I don't think it's a matter of telling and not showing, especially given how your example includes them showing. It exists in fighting games too. When Ryu does a hadoken, you know it's a hadoken, you don't have to take his word for it. It's not meant to handhold the viewer and explain what it is, I think it's just a dramatic element of introduction that western audiences may differ on.
&gt;Your example of fighting games is actually a very prime example, they are special attack/techniques that the characters often name out so that you, the player(s) are aware they are special and different, and not just a simple combo move. Then why isn't it done for every special move? Balrog and Vega rarely do it, for example. Ryu cries out the name of his fireball or dragon punch, but there are on screen visual indicators that these aren't just punches, they're flaming, they look special. Meanwhile Balrog's specials are still just punches, and they don't have any accompanying name telegraphing. Surely if the naming of moves had to do with balance and hand holding, everyone one do it to make a fair, especially the guy whose normals and specials are both punches with decidedly less fire radiating off of them. Instead the ones getting audibly introduced are the ones that also have visual recognition - the recognizable shoryukens or raging demons that a seasoned player could identify long before the character starts talking about it - because the introduction is for drama, not gameplay.
Anyone playing can tell that a hadoken, even before Ryu yells, is not just a normal punch. The naming has nothing to do with it, he's throwing a fucking fireball. But at the same time, Balrog is never shouting out the names of his moves, which normal or input, are still just mundane punches. Yes, the shout does help player response in a way, but I highly doubt that was intentional, it just become a way to time the move because it was happening. The moves that get audible names are often the most flashy of the special moves, which leads me to think it is entirely similar to how it's used in movies/shows.
&gt;but instead created a precident for other games to learn from. Powerful moves in most modern games have some sort of flashy way to signify what is happening and the easiest way to do that is to have a character tell you. As someone else said, even more fighting games *don't* do this. &gt;It also makes games more accessible because even a new player understands that the enemy isn't going to shout out weak and ordinary move names so they know to block Many characters, even in SF, don't do it. None of Balrog's special punchs have a visual or audible key to set them apart from normal punches. I agree that the naming of the move does help to some degree, but it's an unintended side effect.
&gt;however the first anime series that did it, their reasoning was as I said [citation needed] That said, I think we're just saying the same thing in different ways. I don't see it has handholding, I see it as a different culture's way of heightening the drama for a specific situation. It's a very eastern cliche that is rooted in traditions that don't really exist on the other side of the world. You don't need to hear a narrative explanation to know why Goku's fireball beam thing is any stronger than his punch, or even any other fireball - there's all kind of pageantry around it that does it other than simply giving it a name. Giving it the name isn't skipping the story telling to tell you that it's now suddenly stronger, giving the name/sounds to go with it [*makes it stronger*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiai). Eastern cinema, and a lot of the culture, just really likes verbosity and titling things that don't really need an introduction - which what the OP is referencing in the first places. The audience will realize it's stronger without the quirk. Most anime, especially older ones, use a lot of recycled footage of long start ups and "powering up" for strong moves. It has nothing to do with shouting its name - even if that may often be a part of it.
Well, he does say that he likes posing Gary's Mod stuff. That's more or less part of the "game". Really, other than being a weird furry, this isn't that bad.
Wouldn't it be an emoticon? Aren't emojis specific things? Not all soda is Coke.
That seal is almost as sleek as Titus O'Neil
The best/worst part is that apparently there wasn't even cheating. The dude hooked up with the ex 2 months later, apparently. Unless I misread.
I think 3D Dot Game Heroes on the PS3 has it. There's also a DS game by the Scribblenaut guys that lets you draw in the character, weapons, etc. It's not too great, but it's worth looking at. Drawn to Life, I think.
&gt;boohoo I hate slang Whoa, chill out grandpa
Alternatively - a two killers, and an undertaker
This is not the one true awoo. For shame.
You do know there's plenty of decent art on dA, right? That'd be like judging reddit entirely by this sub.
Wasn't that Colt Cabana's thing?
And now everyone has long hair. They should've went with poofy mullets
This is everything that I wanted out of a Matt Hardy feud Laughable writing, ludicrous fall from grace, jilted dialog and nonsense angles. It's as crazy as a Hardy should be.
Well , he's retarded, but kinda right. Internet memes weren't always synonymous with image macros, which they are now. Before, memes were based on the actual meaning of the word meme - they were essentially in jokes. References that were meaningless except to the culture that used them, the internet. Now it's just text on pix and that's not really what a meme is, it just jokes of debatable humor that explain themselves, eliminating any real memetics. Make memes great again
Some say that Hitler started he genetic revolution
Well the person was the one cheating on his fiancée so he's not all that much better
No, he was cheating on her with the "Nazi".
I don't, nor did I ever claim that I did. But I don't see you lobbing this half assed response the way of all the people claiming to love him based a small, one-sided peek into his life, so there's no reason why I can't dislike him for an equal reason.
So it's totally cool to talk about a wrestler's personal life when it's positive, or a negative that you don't agree with, but everything else is off limits? People watched a WWE special and are now spouting praise about the person behind the character as if they know him. He recovered from an injury, he started poor. That's fantastic. But it no more makes him a person worth cheering than cheating makes him worth hating. If you're going to open that door and start using his real life as a reason to love him, I'm allowed to use it to dislike him. Nothing against him as a wrestler, he's goddamn fantastic and I love his work. But don't act like I'm out of line for criticizing his personal life when it's fine for others to compliment it. If someone said "sweet moonsault", I wouldn't whine that he's a cheater. Then it would be irrelevant. Keep in mind that Hogan's dirty laundry was between him and his partner (at that moment in time) too, and that was put out for the world to see. A lot of people laud him as an irredeemable racist but I can't seem to recall him ever acting on it or doing anything to promote it. But no, someone calls to attention Seth Rollins' blemishes and the defense force comes riding in.
Yes, but that's not what he started with. It acts like booking Kevin Owens and Asuka was part of some unspoken war. Neither of them had anything to do with NJPW. Obviously it has nothing to do with fighting New Japan, they're just hiring talent from everywhere.
For everyone thinking that TNA's production is just terrible, look at the Lashley/Galloway packages. They're nothing impressive, but they're by no means bad. This weird Matt shit is just that. It's weird Matt shit. It's supposed to be avant-garde house bullshit because Matt's character is avant-garde house bullshit. And I love it
&gt;his best Look I think he's great now too but honestly his WWE Champ run with Riley in tow was just as good. He was a shitty, unworthy champ. That was his character. A sociopath coward who felt validated by a belt that he didn't deserve. Having the belt made up for everything, it made him think he really was the best. It was really good, he sounded like a legit evil threat when addressing opponents, and you knew he wouldn't win fair which made it all the more menacing - what was he willing to pull out to put them down? Other than the finish, his I Quit match with Cena was amazing, story wise. And Awesome Truth was amazing too, but that was a continuation of that character.
Every teenage girl on the planet, even the ones using different alphabets. Nice job outting that no one ever passed you any notes.
Out of touch with what? A former celebrity whose best years are decades behind him? Kanye's bigger today than every remaining Beatle whether you like his music or not. Why on earth would people today need to be "educated" on bands from the 60s-70s? Are you one of those people from the shitty mspaint comics where they shoot people for not listening to "real music" like The Beatles and Grateful Dead in favor of Bieber? They came and went. It's perfectly reasonable for people to not know of the members today.
And racism and segregation existed in the non slave holding north, including long after the Civil War. In many ways it still exists today, with how racial ghettos are just as prevalent in NY as they are Atlanta. And the "back to Africa" movement didn't work last time. And plenty of blacks don't care about this slavery thing and are perfectly well adjusted Americans that just happen to also be black, so waving this in their face because of how other black people act is racist in itself, so it wouldn't exactly "cure" perceived racism. The cure is eliminating this propagated victim complex that everyone in America wants to have. They, not just blacks, people from any demographic, want to be able to say that they're being oppressed, so that they look like harder workers, so their faults can be blamed on someone else. It has nothing to do with slavery, that's just a convenient excuse.
Slavery wasn't the cause because it was considered morally wrong, slavery was the cause because it was affording the southern states power and production over the north. The north wasn't some haven where black people were seen as equals, even without slavery.
Right, only teenagers listen to Kanye West. Or you're just out of touch.
&gt;being such a loser in school that the concept of passing notes is so alien to you that you think it has to do with classwork notetaking
I can't imagine anyone on the sub is so old that they've never seen how a teenage girl from the 80s until now writes.
Good point, I stand corrected
&gt;The original Black Belts were belts that were stained from all the training &gt;The whole color belt thing is a very Western Idea Is that true? &gt;The systematic use of belt color to denote the rank was first used in Japan by Jigoro Kano, the founder of judo, who first devised the colored belt system using obi (sash), and awarded the first black belts to denote a Dan rank in the 1880s. Previously, Japanese Koryu instructors tended to provide certificates. Initially the wide obi was used; as practitioners trained in kimono, only white and black obi were used. It was not until the early 1900s, after the introduction of the judogi, that an expanded colored belt system of awarding rank was created. Nowhere in wikipedia's origin of black belts is "train until it's black" mentioned.
"You know an RKO can hit out of nowhere, right?"
I doubt that that is Walmart "making a typo" so much as Walmart not getting the joke. I'm sure the shirt design was intentional. I'm sure Walmart stocking a shirt with that meaning was not.
Trans characters shouldn't be added to appease anyone. Nothing should be written just to satisfy whiners. I'm just saying that trans characters are allowed to exist in fiction without attention being drawn to what a minority they are.
I'm sure not every Nazi was in favor of genocide. Sure, there's the """guilt""" of doing nothing to stop it, but the same could be said at all of us doing nothing to stop whatever global catastrophe.
When I was young, I remember being told that plants grew better if you talked nicely to then. Little me concluded this as bullshit when I practiced all my profanity on an aloe plant in private and it never died.
My brother had no idea that The Rock was a wrestler and wondered why he kept appearing on wrestling shows. He's 16 and has never once given a shit about wrestling, so I can understand that. He was like, "oooh, so that's why he has a stupid nickname". Weirder though was hearing girls in highschool wondering why he has that name. "Why doesn't he have a normal name, why does he use that??" It blew their minds when I told them that he used to wrestle and that was his ring name. That was like six years ago, so surely even if they never cared for wrestling, their childhood coincided with his rise and it would've came up at least once.
The briefcase turned DB heel. That is its dark power.
Women should be the main characters of everything, but also be untouchable and infallible. Also they should be POCs and asexual panromantic.
This election year has been really weird.
Remember that comic years ago about the two weeb girls talking about how they want to make sure their future children are gay boys?
Yahtzee is pretty bad too once you look passed his videos, which are also pretty bad. He has a superiority complex when it comes to his opinions on media because he made a couple "eh, alright" games and a terrible, awful book. Also his fedora is surgically grafted to his head.
The fat one has both. They researched these costumes.
I can't imagine a brand less ska than JNCO.
Don't be a lemon
Kenny Omega doesn't fight like Omega Weapon either. And he looks nothing like a weird knight riding a boar.
MODS = CODS
His intention was that the term existed prior to Apple's usage for phones, and the context of it's previous usage. While the minute details, date, were incorrect, his overall point was. He's correcting misinformation with approximation.
Yeah, even though I'm the one nutting on his face and making him call me daddy.
Most things can instantly kill a kid that size.
ITT "no, every fad that came after my generation is wrong!"
Yeah but that's because you're a social outlier that keeps spaghetti in your pockets. I mean, it is fucking retarded, but so are most trends. It's perfectly reasonable for children and teens doing a children and teen thing that's currently popular with children and teens.
Hell, they're not even my wrists and I regret it right now.
Truecels are the most depressing of the internet echo chamber communities. Redpillers are comical, SJWs and edgelord Neo Nazis are an almost cartoonish pastiche, but these guys are fucking rough. They're just making themselves miserable and then trying to justify it as the world being wrong, or like they were predetermined to be fucked and not through their own choices. They legitimately disgust me.
You're doing god's work
While u/inmynothing's life definitely comes first and I don't fault him at all, it makes me wonder about how these are done. I don't keep up with this sub's AMAs often, but do the celebs ever just, like, make their own account and do it themselves, or are they all through a proxy?
No one is blaming you, but you're blaming others for not having had the same opportunities as you.
I'm a fucking loser. I do stupid shit and I'm ass in social situations and I used to eat lunch in the library to be alone in high school because I couldn't talk and eat at the same time without getting anxious. I'm ugly and I breathe through my mouth and I like shitty shit. There's not some crazy biological archetype that makes your predisposition to not get girls. Yeah, there are some unchangeable qualities that people can have, but they're not "designed" to make you single. There's someone out there for everyone, just sometimes you have to bathe a bit more often to get them. If these guys would stop jerking themselves off about being pathetic, they'd be able to make friends and feel better. Yeah, you can still be shy, it can still be hard. But if it's worth it, you can make the most out of it. I have an online friend like that and I try explaining that and they just act like I'd never understand.
Don't tell me what to do
When women "man"spread, is it a problem, or are they allowed more space? Because when I was in NYC, it was always women doing that on the metro. And with their bags taking seat space. I guess because they're so oppressed they've earned the extra space? Even when it prevents bigger minorities from sitting?
How about s u n r i s e l a n d
Darren Young being great won't be good for the people he defeats, that doesn't mean he won't be great. america number one
I miss Rufus so much. He flattened fools
Skyrim babby detected
Don't the Saints Row games also have "no witness no crime"?
Hell, my English friends can only identify Florida, Texas, Alaska, and Hawaii, and then which sides of the country California and NY are on. One insists this is only from television and video games. I'm going to send them a blank map and ask where they think Oklahoma is.
The blood brotherhood is culturally significant to them and to them that is as much a family tie as marriage is.
ACTION HERO Del Rio was pretty hot
That transformation segment was surreal.
The Bible also tells people not to pull out, but some Christians still do it. Not everyone of a faith believes every tenet of if.
Moose was in his life at that very moment
That's genius, man
I was at an indie show the other night and the heel had a ONE FOR FIFTEEN (two for twenty) chant in reference to his shirts at the merch table. It was pretty good.
Woods sucks at SF though. He just knows the basic mechanics, and most of the other guys don't. He's a total fraud. Has he accepted Mike Ross's challenge yet?
But if his "clean slate" is promoted right back to being a mod, it's not starting over. It's not like if I got sore about down votes and just started posting as borbizurst and only posted a+ material.
&gt;So how many radical christians have planted bombs/shot up building There was a little event called the Oklahoma City Bombing. There's Eric Rudolph, who bombed a gay nightclub himself a few years ago, along with a few abortion clinics. On that note, attacks and murders on abortion doctors by fundamentalist Christians aren't that surprising here in the south. There's more Christian white supremacist organizations that use faith to justify their hateful beliefs than I can count on both hands, and more than handful that have acted on them. But no, those don't count, do they? And don't even get me started on the overzealous Christians outside of America. Your last paragraph is entirely wrong, and everything else is just ignorance. You're a racist hiding behind made up facts. You're making up loopholes to define people so they fit your flawed narrative. Their faith, like that of many Christians is one about just that. Faith. It overlooks some of the stupid and outdated dogma in lieu faith, beliefs instead of calls to arms. There are different types of belief within every religion, there are radicals and fundamentalists and then there are modern ones with more fluid beliefs. You don't get to just say "no, every liberal religious person is actually an atheist". You're an idiot. A religion and a faith are defined 1:1 by what's written in a holy book. It's about the personal interpretations, that's why there's so many different Christian denominations. You don't get to play arbiter and decide who counts and who doesn't. I'm not making excuses for the Orlando shooter, or any terrorist. He was a Muslim. But he doesn't represent all Muslims anymore than the Klan doesn't represent all Christians. The problem is not Islam, it's radical fundamentalists, and right now some of the worst of those are Muslims.
What you posted is an opinion. Not every Muslim is like that. Not every Muslim subscribes to the same set of beliefs, that's why so many of them are killing each other too.
You're brainwashed.
&gt;Muslims, on the other hand, hate gays from the bottom up That's not true. Fuck off with your blanketing. The problem is radicals, not Islam as a whole. There are examples of [Christians bombing gay clubs](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Rudolph) too. It's just less prevalent because we don't live in a hellhole where the powers at large are terrorists cultivating terrorists. Don't pretend to speak for all Muslims. A lot of them are as repulsed by this as the rest of the world.
There's horrible shit in the Bible too, but rational Christians can overlook them in favor of the positive values hidden amongst the shit about slavery and beating women and not watching your drunk grandfather masturbate. Extend the same opportunity to the Muslims that do the same. The problem is the radicals that follow every barbaric line. Not every Muslim does that. Just like how not every Christian blows up gay bars and abortion clinics like Eric Rudolph did.
You're inherently an idiot.
&gt; He's trying to be Jeff, and ending up as a Disney Villain No, he's trying to be a Disney Villain that's trying to be Jeff. Broken Matt Hardy isn't supposed to be cool and edgy, it's a parody of Matt. He's been playing a cool and overconfident heel for years, with great runs in ROH and TNA. Now that he's lost is stride, he THINKS he's lost his mind, so he's trying to be this edgy cool thing and failing. It's supposed to be pretentious and silly. That's the point. He's playing something new. Wrestlers turning dark happens all the time. He's not trying to succeed at turning dark, he's succeeding at failing.
That's the joke. Look how his name swings on the middle screen. Like it's hanging on string.
Why would you go into something that messy with flip flops? That's you get tetanus
Every religious person follows their holy scripture to varying degrees, except 100% of Muslims who follow 100% of their book 100% literally. That's why so many hate each other and there's so much conflict between Muslim groups with differing 100% literal interpretations. No, wait, that's retarded.
The problem with that is that Matt prior to this has shown himself to be a decent at best wrestling "actor" with his cocky heel personas in TNa prior to this and ROH. And if it's a meta layer that is lost to most viewers, which it is, it IS deep. The complexity is that you have to be aware of the performer's actual capabilities, of TNA's actual higher standards, and the performer's noted self awareness. Most viewers aren't, hence the numerous "man matt sucks look he thinks he's cool but he's not" and "LOLTNA"s despite every non-Matt segment being fine.
That doesn't mean that it's the player characters personal homeland, just that it's the homeland of the Nords. Hadvar, which my phone corrected to NASCAR and not Harvard, doesn't know anything about you. He just knows that Nords hail from Skyrim. Tamriel is a multi cultural place, it was the seat of an empire. Not every race exclusively comes from or lives in their nation of origin. You'd think that if the Dragonborn were actually from Skyrim, sometime over the course of becoming dragon jesus or crowning a new high king someone who recognized you would come forward.
That's not even remotely what the spiel was about. Asuka wasn't even almost the top athletic competitor in the joshi scene. She was the one often falling back on sexual or provocative spots that rarely happened otherwise, and she liked the glamor of the divas division. Asuka's great but she's far from a revolutionary. Her rant was about how people would call Japanese wrestling the peak of wrestling, even women's, when she as a woman wrestler felt like it had stagnated and was no longer trying to appeal to anyone but the current fans, while the divas division was always branching out different demographics. She wasn't "shooting on joshi" like everyone wants to claim, she was saying that other forms had a lot of untapped resources to offer.
&gt;Lawler gets arrested with straight forward details &gt;jokez and memes &gt;Rose gets arrested with no details &gt;all kinds of talk about how he's an abuser with no sympathy before anyone even knows what happened
How can you tell from the gif? Is there a video?
Hey, don't forget that great opportunity that the Ascension had, getting a rub from legends!
&gt;Whether he hit her or not, the police felt what he did warranted his arrest In Florida all it takes is an accusation to get arrested and kept overnight for domestic abuse. &gt;abused protecting the abuser You don't know them. Maybe she feels like it was just a shouting match that got out of hand, not that he's violent toward her. She probably knows Rose better than you do. Not every case of people making up is Stockholm syndrome. And to cite that it's happened before doesn't mean anything if he got off then too, it could be something just as innocuous. It's not like he slapped her or anything. He's not proven to be a wife beater.
The internet treated Rose as "guilty until proven nah fuck that he's a wife beater despite what anyone, even his wife says, I know what their personal lives are like". The judge trusted his wife. He trusted her to be smart enough to know what she needed to do, or what she wanted. She vouched for him. "Stockholmed!" Typical "I only trust the court if the conviction goes the direction I wanted it to". They're adults. He wasn't beating the shit out of his helpless wife, he didn't even strike her. They had an unfortunate but normal domestic dispute that normal people are capable of having and can be overcome and can still truly love each other despite it that was labeled "abuse" by Florida's Puritan values and the Internet's high horse. I can't blame him for putting up the mugshot shirt. It feels more like calling the armchair marriage counselors than it does parading his """guilt""". I do find the shirt distasteful though tbh
Yes. You have no belief in god. But you believe there is no god. Atheism is a belief. Unlike religion, it is not a system of beliefs. But if you're sure there is no god then that is a belief in something. There is a difference between believing in nothing and not believing anything. Agnosticism says that you don't know. You don't believe anything because you don't know the answer. Atheism is believing in (a) nothing. You believe there is no god. You KNOW there is no god. That is a belief, whether you want to try to separate yourself from that word or not. It's not a lack of belief like agnosticism is, because you're sure of something.
Can you not read, or did you avoid trying to? I did not say "atheism is a lack of belief and thus a belief"". My post literally says the opposite. Atheism is not a lack of belief, it is belief in the lack of something. AGNOSTICISM is a lack of belief. Your proposed implication doesn't work if you're completely reaching and misreading to come up with it. "Belief" is "acceptance that a statement is true". Atheism is the BELIEF that the statement "there is no god" is true. That is not a lack of belief, that is explicitly believing in something, a lack of something. Agnosticism is the lack of belief, because an agnostic DOESN'T accept there being a god OR there NOT being god as a fact.
Now you're reaching for awkward semantics. Agnosticism is believing that you can't know the answer. That is only a belief if you're claiming agnosticism as a religion, which is a weird subject and no on needs to get into that as it's just a matter of opinion. As an atheist, if you are sure there is no god, then you BELIEVE there is no god. That is a belief. There is absolutely no way around that. "I don't know/I can't know" is not a belief. "I know there is not" is a belief. If you believe there is no god, then you actively have a belief, that there's nothing there. That is something you believe. If someone asks you if you have any cash in wallet and you know for a fact that you don't, you don't invent a new word to replace have because that dirty word is associated with the financially well off and you want to look unlike them. "well it's 0 so I can't HAVE anything". Nah, you possess zero dollars. You HAVE zero dollars. If you get asked if you believe in god, you say "no, I don't believe in god, I believe there is no god". Believing in a lack of something is the same as having a lack of something. I have zero wives and zero motorcycles and zero full heads of hair, and I believe there are zero gods. Yes, you lack belief in the bible, you lack belief in religion, you lack belief in whateb Padre O'Donovan said this morning in Mass, but you do believe there is no god. If you think a statement is a fact, you believe in that statement.
&gt;Not assuming anything, just look at these links of possibilities that fit my narrative Yeah, that's assuming. There's also instances of people having arguments and it getting out of hand and both of them realizing that they're an idiot and moving on. I'm not saying that's what happened, but I'm also not passing judgement based on assumptions. She says it's cool, judge says it's cool, it's cool. If that's not enough for you and you're going to assume the worst of Rose, which most people did from the start and are still doing now, then you are saying that what she says and the court says doesn't matter, he's guilty.
Nah, it was pretty clear. Dean was the favorite going into mitb, and when he won it it was a lock that he was walking out champ, WWE had no idea how to book the briefcase going into the brand split so they went the route of just getting rid of it immediately. Cesaro, Zayn, and Owens are perpetual midcarders. They're not touching the main event except to antagonize and lose to champs, which is a travesty because they're all better than that but you know it's true. They're what you think Dean is. Jericho is there to give the set prestige, but his time is over. It was a toss between Dean and Del Rio, which admittedly came close because Del Rio put in work in that match. Everyone who thought that WWE wasn't going to give Dean a chance were just salty that Roman made it bigger than him, Dean has been protected and celebrated since the Shield broke up. All three of them have been.
&gt;everyone thinks Dean was trapped in midcard hell with no hope of excelling Christ guys, this isn't like Bryan's climb to the top. Dean has been protected from day one. He and Seth were practically Triple H's pet projects. Just because the main event scene hasn't been Seth v Reigns v Ambrose the entire time doesn't mean he was being held back.
A nothing series with Bray that was a nothing feud with nothing payout. Dean wasn't worse for it and Bray wasn't better off. Bray, who was treated like a big deal, whether was booked like it or not. It's not a shame to lose to Bray.
He loses feuds to major players and looks strong in defeat, then springs right back into high profile fights. The lowest level feud he's been in was with Jericho, which he won. The take away is that Dean is a star fighter with endless resiliency. He loses, then limps back in and says "come on, I want more". In WWE booking wins and losses don't matter.
That's because WWE is shit at booking, not because they're trying to book Dean lower on the card. If they wanted him to not matter, he wouldn't have even feuded with Lesnar, Rollins, Wyatt, or Triple H. See actual midcarders. Has Miz even been in the same building as Lesnar? Did Cody/Stardust ever get true revenge against the Authority? For that matter, did Ziggler after he was fired with Ryback or Rowan? No, because afterthought midcarders don't get a fraction of the limelight that Dean has had.
&gt; The next time some SJW-type starts spouting off that "all cultures are equally valid and one isn't superior to another" show them this. What culture are you talking about? "Swinging a gun like an idiot" culture? The people standing around him look pretty baffled and white people do dumb shit with guns all the time.
You should move to a US presidential candidate's subreddit. r/The_Vermin, home of truly unbiased news.
A lot of the &lt;thing&gt; Simulators are pretty decent though. Truck sim is super relaxing.
&gt;Big Stevie Cool &gt;nobody ishigiggydiggy
¡Diva revolución!
Surely you don't think that New Day will go overboard on the humor. When has that ever happened?
Fascism isn't inherently wrong A lot of the things that go along with it are pretty bad though
Attacking innocent bystanders in rage is more chaotic than it is evil?
What is a "full length" video? There is no definition of how long a video has to be to qualify. You've arbitrarily set limiting to rules to frame the narrative your way. There have been videos between now and then, but none that fit your criteria. There doesn't need to be a long video. Two years ago it could've existed as a trailer to hype people to purchase the game and get him some more money. The game isn't available for purchase now, so there's no reason to put something like that out. Little videos to show development progress and explore future ideas are fine.
I'd like want to click links. If it's supposed to comedy, it's not a clickbait news article. I want jokes more drawn out than a one liner.
There's got to be an easier way to do that.
My biggest fault with UPlay is that I have to use it. I bought Blood Dragon and Black Flag on Steam, but Steam has to launch UPlay to launch them. That's dumb. But the client itself has never actually given me any issues. Steam has hung up and crashed on me a lot more than UPlay ever has, but it also gets more use.
Yeah but look at [this nerd](https://www.reddit.com/user/me/), that's the real cringe.
&gt;Does how we act on those platforms really tell people how we really are? Yeah, totally. A mild mannered grade school teacher of good morals and sound mind isn't going to get on stage and snowball their own shit. Whether Allin was as extreme in person as he was on stage is irrelevant. What someone is willing to do on stage says a lot about the person.
If you're going to bust people's chops for something minor and largely pedantic, your sorry ass had better be on point yourself. Grammar isn't that important in casual conversation, especially not on a website where people talk about videogames and dank memes. If you're going to propose that it is, you'd better be setting an example. And you weren't.
No one's asking for it to change, but if the intended point is understood by the audience, in casual conversation, there's no reason to bother correcting the speaker other than elitism.
No, but really. Do you not understand the point I'm trying to make? There's a time and place for good grammar. It's not the comment section of a videogame related post.
Yeah, and guys forgetting to use periods while complaining about grammar is unbearable to me. So every occasion counts. But what's more unbearable is the elitism it takes to get your panties in a knot over shorthand language and smartphone use on Reddit.
My best times with Spore were the ones leading up to buying it.
You're missing capitalization! This is simply unbearable! I can't stand when people who extol grammar in unnecessary situations don't use perfect grammar themselves!
