I'm from Orange. WOS class of '01. There are literally dozens of us!
I'm from Orange, was there until 2004. I never had a bad experience with a police officer. I have family who work for Orange PD, and on the other side of that same family I have those who have constant run ins with the police. Even through all of that, the police have never been abusive to them. In my experience (and family's), Orange PD is pretty good.
&gt;Unwanted_Commentary: No, it shows that you have 10 alternate accounts and an unlimited supply of Hot Pockets. The only two people that actually played the game in this entire thread disagreed with you. You have me confused for someone else. You also need to mature a little bit.
&gt;It's alright man, no need to be angry. Maturity has nothing to do with the matter. Please troll on the forum of a game you've actually played. Maturity only has to do with your actions and comments in this thread. No one is angry. Its just disappointing to see this kind of behavior out of a mod.
I'd actually prefer all police footage to be readily available upon request. Before, during, and after the processes involved for someone having charges pressed against them and a verdict reached regarding their guilt. I have absolutely no problem with someone's pure dumbassery, or video exonerating them of dumbassery, being made public as soon as possible. Maybe people on both sides of the law would be slightly less retarded in their encounters if that were the case.
I'm not sure if you're retarded, or Greg Jackson . . . .
Because he ran against someone who didn't get as many votes? That's usually how this process works.
Honest question here: If one was so inclined, could they legally take the animal down, clean it and eat it?
Is that a definitive no because you're aware of a law, or just an assumption?
This is going to sound crazy, but hear me out: Not everyone wants to drive a gold lambo, wear diamonds, make it rain at the club, and chardonnay the night away. I guarantee you he could be living your definition of "better", but he's enjoying his definition right now.
Of course they should get paid more, but don't gauge someone's bank account or finances by their material possessions. That could still be a 3,000-4,000 sqr/ft home, paid off, no mortgage. He's probably got a fat ass bank account, money for his retirement, money for the future of his kids college (hopefully), and he's still happy. That's what matters. He has currently made enough money to live a much more lavish lifestyle, but here we see him just smiling to have a new quad. I respect that much more than someone living in a mansion and nearest neighbor in a different zip code. Makes him more like you and me.
I'm going to get some downvotes, but here is my opinion/outlook: Long and short of it: cops are there because of a suspect brandishing a firearm in public. The group of 3 match the description and suddenly, one guy refuses commands while his friends freeze in their tracks. Suspect walks off still ignoring some loud-ass direct commands then turns, sees the officers with weapons drawn still yelling commands, and does what any normal law-abiding citizen would do: he puts his hands on his head and gets on the ground. Oh, wait. He didn't. He proceeded to turn around and walk away from them backwards. They have drawn on him and are yelling commands... So he says to himself, "How bout I just make direct eye contact and keep fiddling with my waistband." Those officers are responding to a potentially hostile situation: Someone brazen enough to wave a gun around in broad daylight and, of the guys that match the description, 2 comply immediately while #1 target possible-suspect proceeds to ignore commands and do some very ballsy things. These are the situations that make me not want to persue a career in law enforcement: if I ended up getting killed by the perp (and on video, no less) damn near everyone on this site would have been in an uproar about how I should have shot his ass first. There's a couple people on here that I have to just say: you can't have it both ways. That's a shitty situation and I don't think I would have reacted differently. There's a good chance, in that situation, I might have eaten lead if the perp had a gun and decided to pull and fire with any hesitation on my part. Again, bad deal. Sad all the way around.
It actually was. it shows how PC are held back by consoles. Also applies to the quality of games sometimes too. Edit: Ah yes, the 'ol reddit downvoting of facts.
A tazer is never an option when a firearm is suspected to be in the situation. Remember, this was a call in response to a display of firearm.
I for one welcome out new Kangaroo overlords.
So, he's a bottom, capable of receiving an enormous amount or power? Or is he generating the power by doing most of the work?
Maybe its just me, but if I'm paying $70k+ for horse pleasure fluid, I want it to be as fresh and naturally done as possible. Not a horse sex therapist though, and I did not stay in a holiday in last night.
You see, the speed of the bottom informs the top how much pressure he's supposed to apply.
As someone who is blocked from twitter, I appreciate the image.
I don't get the joke. . . .
Holy shit, you just don't get it at all. If he gets taken to the ground by someone, HIS gun becomes something that the person can take and use. Never, ever use lease than letal force when dealing with multiple hostiles about to attack you. That's just asking to lose and leave it in their hands. That cop did a lot of shit wrong the moment he got on the scene, and yes, I believe it's partially his fault things were as escalated and bad as they were, but pulling his gun at that moment, with TWO (that he can see) people approaching and posturing ready to attack him, was the only thing he actually did right.
I would say mostly, but not entirely. The only reason I say that is because of people arguing, no following directions. Like, 85% cop, 15% those arguing and not following instructions.
&gt;They weren't posturing. They weren't being aggressive. I had to stop reading there. We just aren't going to have the same opinion and outlook on this.
Because teenagers have never hurt anyone. Got'cha.
Phrasing is big problem, you're right. Just like "unarmed" does not equal "not dangerous." They were posturing and approaching (probably saying/screaming too) is a very hostile manner towards the cop. I still feel the gun pull was correct and justified. Those weren't small kids. They were 17+ year olds at the peak of hormones and stupidity, with the build of a young man. What is not dangerous about that? Those weren't "children." You sure as shit wouldn't be calling them "children" if they just willfully committed a homicide.
As a former resident of Orange, class of 2001, there are far bigger problems with Orange. Several nice neighborhoods have just become places for government subsidy filth, and the schools have just gotten sad. I still own a house and land that I let family live in, but I just can't see ever moving back there and putting up with the people there. I'd feel like I need security guards 24/7 anytime it gets dark outside.
I'm not a fan of the music, but god damn that is commendable, respectable, and it made me a fan of him as a person.
I don't understand why you're getting downvoted. This would be an amazing game on PC.
You sure as fuck can when they buy your ppv.
If my contract pay included PPV buys, you'd bet your ass I'd try to get some more fans. That would include developing a personality that is also entertaining outside of the ring.
Well, fuck them. I already own it for xb1, and I'd still rebuy it for PC just to get it in a better way.
This game, running on a gtx980, i mean, I just WANT that, you know?
I expect to get what I paid for, and what was fucking advertised. This is neither. Fuck you.
Unless he was charged $0.25, no, he didn't.
As you should be. Get out of the left lane.
Looks like it's made with beer cans.
Why would someone still be playing bf4 without premium at this point? The game is approaching the 2 year old mark, and premium has been pretty cheap at a few points already. It's literally only $19.99 (USA) right now. Honestly. if you like BF4 enough to still be playing it at this point, you're only doing yourself a disservice by not having premium, the extra maps, and the extra weapons that come with it.
"Need" has nothing to do with it. This is a video game for entertainment purposes. That's like saying you like pizza, but have only ever had it wish cheese, so you don't need to try any other toppings, ever. Not having premium right now still does not make any sense if you're still playing this game since release.
It doesn't make any sense. That's all I'm saying. I know it, others know it, and you know it. It would be different if you just got the game, or maybe put one or two hours of gameplay in every other week or so. If you're actively playing the game, and even watching a subreddit for it, it just doesn't make any sense to not have premium. Frankly, I'd venture to say its just stupid not to if you're actively involved in the game, and community. But, it's cool, you get to be one of those guys who say "yea man, I stuck it to EA/Dice! I didn't buy their dlc!"\ Edit: Serious question, but is it just the game you don't want to spend money on, or are you an overall cheap person (either due to choice or financial constraints)?
[Remember, use the proper etiquette for those pics.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3ph7a-dS08)
I can't agree. Doesn't even look like the second guy ever looked up from his board before he started into the intersection. It's like he thinks the red light will magically make ALL cars stop. Ah, the good 'ol reddit downvotes. State something that makes perfect logical sense, but somehow offends others opinions, so then come the downvotes.
It's a valid thought to have, but a stupid one to expect to be a reality 100% of the time. Good thing laws are there to stop people from committing crimes, right?!?!
Possible, but yea, still not smart.
It really bothers me that during the mighty steam sale, I can find most of the games I want cheaper on cheapsharlk.com or cdkeys.com, and they are usually to sites selling steam keys.
Yes, because it definitely looks like America is starting ww3, and not Russia. What a tool.
Lets forget about how many of those bases are requested to be their by the country their in, or by neighboring countries requesting aid. You sure are an idiot.
Try turning off Al Jazeera once in a while.
You left out the word "documented".
&gt;I also left. You are a bitch. Are you telling me you went somewhere? I don't understand. Are you one of the undocumented aliens he's talking about?
I wonder what will change when xb1 is running dx12.
i didn't mean just for battlefront, I meant gaming in the future as a whole. The xb1 is basically going to become a mini-computer running the most supported PC os in the world, using DirectX right along with it.
Once again, I don't just mean from a graphics stand point, and pc portability. dx12 will allow better utilization of existing hardware. Of course a software change won't affect physical hardware components.
Which version of directx runs on the ps4?
I feel like I'm talking with people who don't know how DirectX works, or who are primarily console users and this is a new topic for them. This may totally not be the case, but it's definitely how it feels.
When you compare how a game that supports both dx9 and dx11 runs under each, it becomes evident why people are curious about the changes it'll make in the console world. One of the biggest benefits of dx12 will be the advanced optimization of existing hardware.
Found the PS/sony fan boy. Do you not understand why it is such a big thing for a console to be coded to run the same software that a pc is running, and what that means for the gaming future in general?
This isn't getting the respect it deserves. But her dreams, aren't, as empty!
His arms, wide open.
Reddit, take note: imgflip loads very slow.
It's the era of the "bro" and 12 year old gamer. Its what we have to suffer with. :(
I totally read this as Shogun curing diabetes by face stomping it into submission.
When a post has been up for 6 hours without a single reply from op, I totally believe THEY think it's worth it.
It totally matters in a political sense, which appears to be the point you're missing.
You're fucking retarded, and ignorant.
Clean bricks would have looked a lot better, without red paint anywhere.
I sure do wish I could get these to work on my android phone. Sucks they're only for iPhone.
It totally does when you consider that jones walks around at 230lbs. He wouldn't even have to cut weight and could walk in as fresh as ever. He'd have so much energy, it'd be like he almost took a bump right before the fight.
The big difference would be that these two would be fighting at their natural weight, and would still be in the same weight class.
I don't understand what the downside is of two people fighting at their natural weight? Would you not get a fight where the better fighter wins, especially when their natural weight has them in the same weight class?
I don't understand how people can have this point of view. An accident via hand manipulation versus straight up corner cheating, and it's "even"? If you honestly feel that way, Jones should have lost every fight that he gouged peoples eyes out multiple times.
Doing something intentional, and unintentional are two separate things when you want to do a karma count. Remember when you said "karma"? Yea, that matters a lot for karma.
How do you forget to get off a stool between a timed round? Do you tell the guy "hey man, we need to stop fighting for a second so I can get my finger out of your glove" while he's trying to strike back? Come on now. I think it's you who needs to use a little bit of logic.
You're right. It depends on what you like. Some people don't like having their constitutional rights ripped away from them.
[She's the new slow motion man.](https://youtu.be/eJ4G18KQFgA?t=14)
So you're saying to get upvotes he needs to completely pretend to be someone he's not, wreck some cars, do some coke, flee from crimes he's committed and injure pregnant women? Then he gets the "likable character" nod?
Thank god you aren't anyone to worry about in the scoring field then.
It's not like she's busy running a country. . . . oh, nevermind.
&gt; The switching of animation styles is distracting and really makes the whole thing feel like a collab. I'm sorry, but could you explain this a bit for me?
Ok, I wanted to make sure that's what you mean, because that's exactly what the point of the "movie" was. I was well aware of that prior to watching it, and looked forward to seeing some of the talent behind other projects (like Ghost In The Shell, Akira, Etc) take their turn as a Matrix short film. Are you saying you weren't aware of that before watching it?
That's what I was wanting IAMNOTPLEASED to clarify. I was aware of that prior to watching it and expected that, but it seems like they were not, or think it was meant to be something different.
&gt; If it works for him, that's great. But this religous and spiritual talk is part of the reason that I cheered for Luke in this fight. That's kind of a shitty of a shitty reason, but ok.
What's the going exchange rate on integrity these days?
You sure do hate America according to your various posts. Did we free you from something?
Well, aren't you just a reality dodging piece of shit. . .
TIL there is a progress bar in steam for things.
I don't think it's reaching at all. I don't agree with it, but it's very possible. Especially if Travis thought he might be losing. I'd sure he'd rather have a NC than a L on his record.
Being not part of any of those three groups, I think I can say go fuck yourself.
Is this shit your job?
It's high enough if you're a situationally aware defensive driver.
I hate news articles that don't give specifics of the suspect.
Oh I don't know, maybe who it was that was arrested, was the weapon stolen, history (if any) of the person arrested? Just things I guess. . . .
I wasn't aware I was convicting anyone or anything. I was just stating that all of the information that "I" would like to know, is known within almost 30 minutes of an arrest.
I tried telling someone this on a previous post, and I got downvoted to shit.
I'm not saying you're wrong, but please show me the legal statues that prevent the information about the arrested individual from being released to the public.
Sponsor money bruh. I'm sure he could make up the difference.
The round just started. Unless you personally know it was staged, I don't believe it was. I've seen this asshole tactic pulled by quite a few players on pc. It's always nice when an admin kills them for it.
K.
Honest question: Is he also mentally handicapped?
Hey motherfucker, get your ass back in here and respond to /u/Andyman117 .
Fuck the pieces of shit that are down voting you. The ref was clearing stopping the fight, and Diaz kept trying to get in robbie's face, and even tapped him. Super fucking shitty.
Not really. &gt;Born Stipe Miocic August 19, 1982 (age 33) Euclid, Ohio, U.S.[1]
Post on a local forum related to the incident: &gt; http://www.yellowbullet.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1671850 My friend of 45 years went to pick up his gun from a repair shop yesterday with his son and got into a shoot out with the owners. sad deal. after they got there they found out the gun wasn't repaired and was just going to take the gun , the gun shop owners wife told them that there was a 25 dollar service charge and they got into an argument . she calls her husband and he shows up with his son and when my friend went to leave, they got into a scuffle and shot him. then thats when my friends son started shooting, taking out the father and son. my friend was shot once in the kidney and arm, his son was stabbed and shot in the head. both are doing find and recovering . I still can't believe this all happened. Him and his son are so laid back. I told him not to move to that redneck town after he lost everything in Katrina. He's another racer and helps everyone and kind hearted. http://www.sunherald.com/news/local/crime/article56305535.html
I don't understand why that is ok to accept.
I'm going to assume you're pro illegal immigration based off of that statement.
If you can't provide documents stating you are currently here legally, why is it ok to give someone a state issued driver's license?
Your lack of denying my assumption rings it true.
[K.](http://i.imgur.com/1XqMCim.gifv)
I'm surprised they had the balls to release the description of the suspects. Most articles try not to so they don't sound racist.
I think they're on equal footing with being pieces of shit. I'd hate them just as much if they were on my team just as much as I'd hate him on the enemy team. Edit for some people: I don't believe you read that correctly. I would hate the heli pilot on the enemy team equally as much as I'd hate the roof idiots if they were on my team.
I don't believe you read that correctly. I would hate the heli pilot on the enemy team equally as much as I'd hate the roof idiots if they were on my team.
Do they fucking have to be?
When it's attached to a 5'4" and 220lbs woman, it's not something you want to see. Ever.
They're like Squeak, from Baseketball.
He was tripped by the invisible foot of Corruption.
Here's a comparison I made. PC still looks a little better, image compression on the screenshots robbed a little quality. http://imgur.com/a/wcWfx
Was there a high score they were trying to beat?
Oh, just because you aren't a police officer, carrying a gun makes someone a "typical dumb redneck". TIL.
Bullshit, it's a fantasy thing. Can confirm, was high school male, had hot teachers I fantasized about.
Star WARS. Not: Star Friends Star Wizards Star Brunches Star Disagreements Star Playground Scuffle etc, etc
SHUT THE FUCK UP, BILLY!
I can't read this shit.
First time I'm seeing one of his post, how would I, only an English reader/speaker, know? And fuck you fucking fucks who are downvoting me, but whatever.
I've coined the term for a few friends. I tell them they've been "frontiered."
I bet the paper in those books have absorbed many a poo scents.
Must be the angle.
Now that you've seen the picture, have you called to report it?
Na, that $53k payday he just got should seal his future up nicely. /s
Let me know if you have any problems with it going to sleep or hibernate through displayport. I'm having the following problems and can't find a single fix. https://www.reddit.com/r/ultrawidemasterrace/comments/47reyr/help_ultrawide_wont_go_to_sleepstandby_on/
Also seen on the front page of reddit, today. https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4n03j2/a_bible_store_in_kansas_has_trouble_understanding/
&gt; Or start shutting down your PC or start turning off your monitor. This is what I've had to do, and it's just annoying.
Starving yourself for religion. It's what god/allah wants!
The issue is with people looking for reasons to be offended, or feeling the need to be a victim, and tossing all logical thought out of the fucking window.
https://youtu.be/TgL_5QcZCMo Yeah, fuck you, too. Fuck *me*? Fuck *you*, Fuck you and this whole city and everyone in it. Fuck the panhandlers, grubbing for money, and smiling at me behind my back. Fuck the squeegee men dirtying up the clean windshield of my car - get a fucking job! Fuck the Sikhs and the Pakistanis bombing down the avenues in decrepit cabs, curry steaming out their pores stinking up my day. Terrorists in fucking training. SLOW THE FUCK DOWN! Fuck the Chelsea boys with their waxed chests and pumped-up biceps. Going down on each other in my parks and on my piers, jingling their dicks on my Channel 35. Fuck the Korean grocers with their pyramids of overpriced fruit and their tulips and roses wrapped in plastic. Ten years in the country, still no speaky English? Fuck the Russians in Brighton Beach. Mobster thugs sitting in cafés, sipping tea in little glasses, sugar cubes between their teeth. Wheelin' and dealin' and schemin'. Go back where you fucking came from! Fuck the black-hatted Chassidim, strolling up and down 47th street in their dirty gabardine with their dandruff. Selling South African apartheid diamonds! Fuck the Wall Street brokers. Self-styled masters of the universe. Michael Douglas, Gordon Gekko wannabe mother fuckers, figuring out new ways to rob hard working people blind. Send those Enron assholes to jail for FUCKING LIFE! You think Bush and Cheney didn't know about that shit? Give me a fucking break! Tyco! Worldcom! Fuck the Puerto Ricans. Twenty to a car, swelling up the welfare rolls, worst fuckin' parade in the city. And don't even get me started on the Dom-in-i-cans, 'cause they make the Puerto Ricans look good. Fuck the Bensonhurst Italians with their pomaded hair, their nylon warm-up suits, their St. Anthony medallions, swinging their Jason Giambi Louisville Slugger baseball bats, trying to audition for "The Sopranos." Fuck the Upper East Side wives with their Hermès scarves and their fifty-dollar Balducci artichokes. Overfed faces getting pulled and lifted and stretched, all taut and shiny. You're not fooling anybody, sweetheart! Fuck the uptown brothers. They never pass the ball, they don't want to play defense, they take five steps on every lay-up to the hoop. And then they want to turn around and blame everything on the white man. Slavery ended one hundred and thirty seven years ago. Move the fuck on! Fuck the corrupt cops with their anus-violating plungers and their 41 shots, standing behind a blue wall of silence. You betray our trust! Fuck the priests who put their hands down some innocent child's pants. Fuck the church that protects them, delivering us into evil. And while you're at it, fuck J.C.! He got off easy! A day on the cross, a weekend in hell, and all the hallelujahs of the legioned angels for eternity! Try seven years in fuckin' Otisville, J.! Fuck Osama Bin Laden, al-Qaeda, and backward-ass cave-dwelling fundamentalist assholes everywhere. On the names of innocent thousands murdered, I pray you spend the rest of eternity with your seventy-two whores roasting in a jet-fuel fire in hell. You towel-headed camel jockeys can kiss my royal Irish ass! Fuck Jacob Elinsky. Whining malcontent. Fuck Francis Xavier Slaughtery my best friend, judging me while he stares at my girlfriend's ass. Fuck Naturelle Riviera, I gave her my trust and she stabbed me in the back, sold me up the river, fucking bitch. Fuck my father with his endless grief, standing behind that bar sipping on club sodas, selling whisky to firemen, and cheering the Bronx Bombers. Fuck this whole city and everyone in it. From the row-houses of Astoria to the penthouses on Park Avenue, from the projects in the Bronx to the lofts in Soho. From the tenements in Alphabet City to the brownstones in Park Slope to the split-levels in Staten Island. Let an earthquake crumble it, let the fires rage, let it burn to fucking ash and then let the waters rise and submerge this whole rat-infested place. [pause] No. No, fuck you, Montgomery Brogan. You had it all, and you threw it away, you *dumb* *fuck*!
Fire extinguisher killed the driver.
I downvoted this.
Newton would have had the shit slammed out of him sooner had he not cheated and deliberately grabbed the top of the cage. With that in mind, I'm glad it didn't get overturned.
In the eight years I've had my car, I've never used the key to open the doors or trunk.
Who the fuck loads a revolver with multiple bullets when trying to commit suicide???? &gt;i suppose if there are no bullets in the gun, and only one bullet hole Wait, are you suggesting someone played russian roulette with a semi automatic pistol??? That's. . . that's not how it works at all.
People commit crimes all the time too, I guess that makes it ok.
Good 'ol Decisionator is back. Mark my words, he'll never headline a ppv. Edit: never *again.
At the rate immigration and reproduction, give it a few years.
&gt;Why did the owner hate you so much? /u/IndigoRanger , Get your fucking ass in here and answer this question.
&gt; As a straight guy, &gt; I would try gay stuff with him. I've got some news for you . . .
"How about a magic trick? I'm going to make this pencil disappear."
It was supposed to be this way from the start, for the whole series.
I couldn't live without Shiner Holiday Cheer or Prickly Pear. Survive! :(
At first, I thought you meant the dude being dead center of the video like a retard.
Completely ignoring the fact that it was a territory at the time, they attacked a US Naval base. Regardless of where that is sitting, it's the same as attacking the US.
&gt;Man it's getting bad in Chicago getting? GETTING?
&gt;We see pecs, we upvote. Right guys? I won't.
You sure about that? Edit: Posted below: Brenton Thwaites - Cairns, Queensland, Australia Courtney Eaton - Bunbury, Western Australia, Australia Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - Rudkøbing, Denmark Elodie Yung - Paris, France Gerard Butler - Paisley, Scotland, UK Geoffrey Rush - Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia
Brenton Thwaites - Cairns, Queensland, Australia Courtney Eaton - Bunbury, Western Australia, Australia Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - Rudkøbing, Denmark Elodie Yung - Paris, France Gerard Butler - Paisley, Scotland, UK Geoffrey Rush - Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia
&gt; You could get exemptions for therapeutic use, due to the body not producing enough. Do you know why their bodies weren't producing enough?????
Please, do one for the prelims also. This card is nuts.
No, it doesn't.
Wut?
Hottest catwoman ever.
Must be nice growing up in a time where wifi is now a part of the equipment an ISP provides you. You used to have to buy a seperate router or access point to have wifi in your home.
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!
Username checks out!
As someone who constantly sees mexican flags on trucks and beat up cars almost any time I have to drive some place, I can "kind of" see his point, but it's not really rant worthy. It is, what it is.
Uh, if $80 more has to come out of my pocket, then yea, it does have to do with the price of the item. I can't just tell them "Hey guis, i don't want to pay tax, please give me at base price."
What are you exactly arguing, or why are you replying to me? I'm stating that $700+tax makes it not a good deal to me. I am alluding that I would not make the purchase in person because equal or better can be bought at a lower price online, when stock is available. (http://www.newegg.com/Product/ComboBundleDetails.aspx?ItemList=Combo.2981487&amp;nm_mc=AFC-C8Junction&amp;cm_mmc=AFC-C8Junction-Veeralava%20LLC-_-na-_-na-_-na&amp;cm_sp=&amp;AID=10446076&amp;PID=6202798&amp;SID=) Are you arguing against what I think is a good deal? Are you telling me I shouldn't be concerned about the tax, even though it is more money coming out of my pocket? I don't understand your reply to my comment, which was about ALSO having to pay tax for the product.
Oh look, another fight where someone is calling someone out who has nothing to lose, but everything to gain. Get to 135lbs, get the ufc gold, make (some) money.
Fact Checked via LiveLeak.
Tailgating traffic laws have taught me this was your fault. Edit: Attack Heli Pilots fault, not op/gif owner.
I thought I was on /r/facepalm for a second.
Wut?
Promptly after receiving this raping, I had to open and play Overwatch. I hate to do it, because I love a good battleborn game over a good overwatch game, but lately my choices are extremely shitty battleborn round, or acceptable mediocre overwatch round. Fuck. Edit: Butthurt downvotes don't change the factual statement that rounds are found faster, and more balanced with elvels.
I can't agree with you. My personal experience has the match making working much better. No amount of down votes in this sub will make that fact for my experiences any different.
Hear me out, and this may sound crazy to those of you from the "participation trophy" generation, but losing isn't fun. Why would I fire up a game, just to queue up for a loss? Maybe 2k/gearbox should take the hint from their player base and price this game accordingly to the demand?
I used f12 for steam screenshots . . .
Outside of the actual game play (menus and shit) for battleborn, I have black bars on the sides because of my 21:9 format monitor. (http://www.lg.com/us/monitors/lg-34UM95-P-ultrawide-monitor) It goes back to normal (without black bars) during any gameplay. http://i.imgur.com/OGYZXUQ.jpg
As someone said earlier, there is a difference between just getting a competitive loss, or a full out fucking stomping. I don't have a problem with a competitive loss, but when rounds are ending 500-23, no amount of "it's just a game" makes that shit fun.
Please point out where I said this was his fault.
Your comment is confusing. I am one of the low level players. . . .
Or I'm upset that there isn't enough of a player base for the game to effectively implement a ranking/match making system that keeps players of same estimated skill to a team of near evenly ranked opponents.
I'm sorry, but this makes me laugh, so hard. (not at your situation, but just the facts of it all) An area freaking out, so bad about this, and it's 1/3rd the size of the Dallas metroplex area in Texas. I fucking drive through an area the size of a country weekly, just to and from work, and people are flipping their shit about it's future. I can't image if just the CITIES in Texas started to do this. It'd be so weird. The fact that there is such a panic for a tiny area that economies are going nuts is just crazy to me. 40x the GDP of Ireland in one state alone, 10x the gdp of an entire area in just ONE of the metroplexes in just one states. It really makes me realize how big Texas is, and how much of an impact it could REALLY have.
&gt; Pulp Fiction for instance. It was OK You lost all credibility right here.
i'm going to get downvoted, but here we go. &gt;I can't speak for everyone, but for those who bitch about the price and the value of the DLC...I for one just don't get it. $60 for me. 14 hours spent. $4.29 per hour. Those who "bitch" about the price and the value are the ones who are very underwhelmed by this game. I'm not going to list all of my complaints, they're all over the internet, gaming forums, and subreddits. Basically, we feel like this game didn't deliver, it's extremely casual, does not really support squading/teaming up with friends, terrible balance between the "sides", etc etc. I'm glad you're enjoying it, but you're in the minority of those who purchased it. (and the player stats at http://swbstats.com/ support that statement). I don't think a followup to this game will be treated the same way by DICE after the amounts of negative reviews, and low online player base with a game of this age. I can only hope they make the right changes. Before someone says "why are you still here", it's very simple: I keep hoping for some DLC or content change that will peak my interest and justify the 41.7gb of ssd space it's taking up.
How long has your dishwasher been broken?
[By Grabthor's hammer!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ2hJezvd2I)
Ah, Chicago. The land that outlawed being able to defend yourself against armed attackers.
&gt; jump through a bunch of hoops I see what you did there.
Judging by this threads response, I should totally put my friends snap chat on the back of my car like this guy did.
There are more people playing Battlefront than there are this game right now, and that both scares, and saddens me. :( I tried playing some PVE just to level up m command rank, get some credits, and buy some gear packs, but I can't even do that because it starts a damn mission with only two people (myself included), and the other player drops out. This game needs to be $30 regular priced, then sales starting from there.
It makes me think it was a restoration of "what do I have" instead of "what should I buy."
wait wait wait, is there a "summon power armor" mod?
Dirty, filthy, fucking liar. https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1peh5e/girlfriend_and_i_went_as_plastic_army_men/
Or scripture tattoos on their chest.
Cool. More for me then.
I thought the woman got away.
Can I have your beef too?
You sure do seem upset about me wanting whatever beef toy have no planon eating.
While definitely the trailers fault, one had to wonder what a driver hitting the brakes could have accomplished or helped with.
Those street lanes are tiny.
Am I the only one who buys keys when I have a crate? I mean, shit, I love this game, want to support it, and keep it going.
&gt; The guy has issues but they aren't as bad as yours. That opinion is easily debatable.
&gt; first openly gay UFC champion It bothers me that people think this is something that should be marketed. Why does this matter?
Why does her preference in sexual partners matter in a combat sport, and why would ANYONE be surprised about a woman in combat sports not be masculine to a point where she'd be lesbian? I just don't get the surprise or the craziness behind it.
