The mouse when you are watching a movie or youtube video and the person who put it on left the mouse in the middle of the screen.
Too literal man.
Black and White 1 (Never played 2 not sure about them) had a solid route if you pay good attention. You can go back and forth with a volcarona for ez hatching. I also liked to go to the train station and run by putting a small rock on b and right.
UGH! Another 2 rival game? What ever happened to the one solid rival in R/B/G/Y, G/S/C, or D/P/other P? I'm okay with Black and White One because Bianca and Cheren were fleshed out, but the other multi rival games were weak in comparison.
Yeah, being a 9 year old with Diamond, I picked Infernape and proceeded to always died on Bertha
Same, it took me 2 years to beat her and my parents grounded me when I beat her so I had to wait a week to go to the endgame shit.
How didn't ya make it? Those were 2 pretty easy games, did you just not have the time?
I love how I am the only one who said anything from gen 5 besides Cynthia (Undella Town)
I watched for 8 innings, nothing too eventful. LOOK AT MY PHONE FOR 3 MINUTES AND 6 rUNS!
Mine was 2003
HEY LOOK! A FOREIGN CHILD WITH A NAME THAT SOUNDS SIMILAR to V****! LETS MAKE FUN OF HIM OVer SoMEthiNG he cAN'T cOntroL!
Except for the first and last ones, the rest sound like problems with the family and not the couple itself
Well, all the asians in my class get straight A's... You guys are fucking smarter than us, of course they give ya'll higher marks
Good idea, can I use this too?
SOMEBODY GIVE THIS MAN A GOLD
&gt;... and his strong desire to be a swinger (a person who partakes in sexual activities with many partners, not a person who dances to swing music). SO THATS WHAT NOGLA WAS TALKING ABOUT!
Things like running around and killing cops as a squad are pretty fun...
Rest in peace. It was a good win streak. It bought joy to many lives. Let us remember Jakey A's streak 2015-2016
Diamond/Pearl are fun and more challenging to Nuzlocke than Platinum, so I would keep that in mind if you are going to do those
That's why I always count when the movie says an even will happen in *x* seconds. I love it when it is withing a second or so.
Polynesia, when he is landlocked he is like a pet.
I am trying for this too. You need no wheat, Desert Folklore, and William on a Sandblasted map. YOU BECOME GOD! My science is literal ages above everyone else, and my religion gave city states and orgy
No, I mean blowpops, they're lolipops with gum in the center, and the gum ruins it.
Really no problem, I just wanted to make a point on how it is one of the best lollipop flavors and the gum ruins it prematurely.
If you don't have the funds to join the Middle East server, joining a bar guild and achieving the "bouncer" rank will let you get random PvP events
It should be an hour, your eyes don't adjust to darkness for 40ish minutes.
False, Peeves listens to the Bloody Baron.
You can get a garchomp in victory road.
For 3 years, every Friday, I would get pan friend perch at the Mill in Door County WI.
Only between different countries or media.
*Pictures OP with 100 women packed into a 4 door* *Shudders*
No, Aussies want 100 jars of piss. (TF2)
Canada is the nice one, not Minnesota
I dunno.
Abusing the free gold
Shadow of Colossus in general
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Me too
The fuck did I just read?
No, they can't, I spend time in a rural area, and it takes 40 minutes looking at the sky before I see most of the stars
Wait, why am I being downvoted when there is no downvote button?
It really wasn't that bad, it took a lot of grinding, but was a good game. The 3rd one was the end IMO.
I know, he wasn't DFA-ed at the time I said this, and I wasn't sure if we would give someone else. I must have not mentioned it. It was early when I posted it.
Argo gives his life to save you.
I didn't hear that until after the thread was posted.
1: I have a neighbor who has two wild young kids, so maybe Venice, the parents chill and do one thing, while the kids mess around and do other shit. So Venice. 2: My other neighbor is an anti social asshole who never shovels their driveway/sidewalk, ect. They would be Dido or Nebuchadnezzar
More plz
No, I've been told by many doctors I have great eyes. I have a house on Lake Michigan, and when I sit on the beach away from all light but the stars, it takes a while for my eyes to see ALL the stars, I always see the brighter ones, but it takes about 1/2 an hour to see most of the stars.
I would say this is worse because any navy can easily attack it from 3 sides. Plus that's less workable tiles in the beginning
Undertale, it's so much better blind.
The "YOU CAN DO IT!" Guy. I don't even know his name.
What about when it was the beta and it was just the two beta testers and all the NPCs?
Actually, the unconscious debuff is a myth. It actually forces you to "sleep" if your "pain" factor is greater than your "pain tolerance" stat.
Thanks. So they were so stupid, not only did they think the world was actually ending, but they also got the wrong date!
This is me in a nutshell, " When are the Cubs playing? *Looks at schedule* OFF DAY? *Mopes around all day*
Teams like you make the world a better place. Thank you. but you better not take 1st in the mlb or we will destroy you. One. Run. At. A. Time. Thank you!
As a Cubs fan, we hate the mets. I want to thank all you beautiful people. Can I get an up vote for more Mets destruction?
That should be a scenario. I love it.
Even better, they can't put a ranged unit in the city.
Chicago/Atlanta fans upvoted
I see you have never played Sandstorm William, and gotten Petra
The American government Source: American teen who can't vote until 2020.
Yeah, millenial here, I am a teen and can't vote until 2020. How am I ruining the country?
To be fair, online, us millenials are assholes. I have been insulted many times by people who are doing worse than me in a game, just to stroke their egos like mommy did.
Nothing about Gen Z here. Pretty much everything millenial can be multiplied and added to us. As ridicule from the millenials. FUUUUUU...
Or when they say "You should have gone during the break" when you have to run across the school and still are nearly late.
Yeah, but it works for about 3 days at a time.
Twinkies are the once exception.
Yeah. I used the steam winter sale to get my complete edition
150hrs here. 400 turns because I wanted to go for a nuke X com to get a domination victory.
Don't forget destroying improvements, earthquakes affect larger areas than 1 hex
Precisely
So many downvotes
I believe we should be equal. I understand women have it worse. All the feminists I see act like they should be superior. I do not think we will ever have true equality. There will always be rape, both genders will suffer from it. There will always be abuse, both genders suffer from it. More men serve in the military in USA. More women get custody in divorce cases. There are many more examples to compare and contrast from. We will never be truly equal. But I will certainly try to make the world better for women in the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd worlds. And no, I am not an anti feminist. I consider myself a feminist, just not a third wave feminist. (Who are the extremists who want female superiority)
I should give you gold. Sorry I'm poor.
Even though I was 10 when they hit, I never really saw them for years afterwards. I got my first phone 2 years ago, I vividly remember when my friends would run around and our parents wouldn't care, and nowadays I think it sucks that I had to get Skype to talk to my friends outside of school or sports.
I remember when I found leftovers as a kid in Village Bridge in my copy of Black, when I reset I went back there and didn't realize it was RNG. I checked trash cans for 2 hours.
England? (I finally joined one of these!)
XCOM is the best unit that doesn't require resorces. It's only beaten by the GDR in strength, and not by much.
I played a game against him once, I made a nemesis out of him, stole the cities he was taking over with XCOM. (I was two eras ahead) I then nuked all his cities and forced him to backstab his only friend to stay alive. His empire is reduced to one city and a pile of ash when I razed everything he owned. Then I took over the last capital with a nuke and XCOM and won EZ
Damn Rome. You want to play a peaceful game and he backstabs you. You go to war at his request and he doesn't help. He spams cities and religion. He asks for open borders and iron and horses for open borders
Britain didn't want to be stuck with poor economy choices of other countries. So they left so they could dodge inflation.
Good job, grinding is key, that and building a solid team early.
/r/outofcontext
I didn't know that. I heard people who picked up CIV v had a tough time with espionage so I assumed it was new in Civ V
Username checks out
Today's trades sponsored by yesterday's Binny's.
They start ahead of you in tech. You have to rush Petra which means you get screwed somewhere else.
And/or night.
Bonkers suck. (No pun intended) they come at the worst times. Like when a bunch on little girls are sitting in your lap.
Oh I do.
UPVOTE ALL THE COMMENTS!
I slept, woke up, went downstairs, turn on the tv, see the Cubs playing, "sweet!"
Nice pick from right.
"Do you think he wants this? Eh, Wynaut"
I lost connection and it counted me as abandoning. Should I be banned for an hour for Valves server crapping out?
GIMME 20 DOLLAS!
PLEASE!
YES
you triggered me.
Wayward cave has pretty good pokemon to catch in general, the secret entrance has a good chance to get a bronzor or a gible, but a zubat, geodude, or onix, depending on the version, is still a decent drop.
Happy new (then the yee dinosaur)
Dinosaur Hammer
A TF2 key. I have control of the entire steam market!!!!!
lol fnatic still had most of their good players back then.
You can't hate when you're dead. Their families on the other hand...
Skyrim doesn't deserve it as much as TF2. Really, TF2, COD MW1/2, AoE2, Civ 4, and pretty much any other 7+ year game would fit better there. Don't know why any of the games other than TF2 and AoE2 made it. 5 isn't that long for gaming. Especially because Civ V just lost DLC support last year and Skyrim had a FUCKING REMASTER to fix its shit, and not to mention terraria being 5 years old, half of TF2's age and 12 years younger than AoE2. Skyrim just doesn't have the qualities for test of time.
Mods don't mean it stands the test of time. This is for the base game.
How do you mod a multiplayer FPS? And mods shouldn't be a factor in an award based off how well the devs did in the game a drcade ago. Not 5 years.
Left: Highschioler, middle schooler, and middle aged adults. Right: middle aged couple. No kids Left stomps hopefully.
Erosion. Scissors 9/10
Actually, we don't mind them, but they didn't vote for us. And we really hate r/Skyrim because they raided our sub recently
Isn't that one of reddits legends though? Nothing can compare to blue window steak.
As a religious person, just seems to me like it was a bunch of assholes shitting on other people's beliefs.
I took this photo when episode 2 came out. Darn me and being too lazy for imgur.
I beat up to the assault as 8/9 characters. It's all about strategy and getting lucky walker spawns.
Did the tutorial and have the jungle tunnel. I have been practicing killing shopkeepers and using the shotgun to do well. Any rules if thumb you suggest to follow?
Yup
Because we told them that if they mashed it in with Smissmas we would fucking kill them.
Take her to some G rated movie, otherwise it's gonna suck for her if she goes with friends or something.
Grabs Phlog.
Reminds me of Mat Pat. Also hi FUNKe
Minecraft was released in 2009. (Alpha) and terraria was 2011
That was minecraft's official release. You could buy it for 18 months before hand.
Remember when he deleted his system 32 during a stream?
Okay. I found I can kill them but run out of bombs to clear the exits.
6th grader with baby teeth?
Genji's guns are awful. You can't draw a penis with them.
You gotta be subtle about it. The other guy who did it was lax and got upvoted for it. You got downvoted for being a loud mouth. Even though we know you obviously know what a huge vagina is like from experience.
As he said in another comment it was born in July.
Depends on the PL map. Upward would be okay, but gold rush, hoodoo, and Thunder Mountain wouldn't be.
Wait... you're not OP!
This seems like something funke would say
Arm goes back and if you wait long enough the arm comes back up and heavy says "oh oh"
Some would use the dahlokas bar too. Imagine comp holding last with a brass beast or Natasha heavy with 350 HP. That would be an epic kinda hold.
That would lead to noobs becoming useless as heavy. Imagine comp or Mann Up where a noob had shotty, buffalo steak, and G.R.U. or some other awful loadoud out. That would be pretty irritating.
Banging your GF's sister instead of her.
Hannah is that you? (We have a teacher that does that and it drives Hannah up the fucking wall)
4th time
I would retype the comment with everything being the opposite but I'm lazy.
Let's go, Gardevior can sense when their trainers are in danger.l and will summon a black hole in response. Therefore, send Brendan/May (gen 3 trainers) into battle, have gardevior use teleport to go to various locations like corosaunt and the droid and clone factories and wipe them from existence. Pokémon stomps 7/10. 3 against Pokémon are times where certain crucial gardeviors are discovered too early.
Gain access to a helicopter.
Where's r/TF2?
"Spah creepin 'round here."
and r/TF2 you guys constantly forget about them.
You're supposed to capitalize most words in a title.
I prefer r/Shitterthoughts
Do you poeple just record you playing on the off chance this happens?
It was a break for us to amass a bigger legion on subs.
Caillou is a FUCKING spoiled shithead. He FUCKING bitches about every fucking thing in his life. His parents couldn't raise him worse if they tried, and he's an awful influence on kids.
Stupid sexy Flanders dead wife.
She was a lot better in the comics. Carol and Michonne took her roles in the TV series
I think he dies in the series finale and Coral takes over leadership of the group.
Cheeki Breeki
u/UnfortunatelyLawless is one of the regulars over at r/ChiCubs and we lover her for her sexual attraction to every man on the team.
When I told an autistic kid that gullible was written on the ceiling. For the instant karma factor, my mom laminated things for the teachers at my old school, she comes down the hall and sees a teacher chewing me out outside the class. Kidna FUCKING awkward.
Is his name Red by any chance?
I can't get the class to start, I have a flassroom, but for some reason it never starts. I go to start in the programs tab and it never works.
No. The fighting spirit lives on.
I play a lot of turbine too. It's a good map for hectic midfights.
I knew that diarrhea was bad, what's diarrhoea?
r/TF2 laughs at you for just now realizing how shitty of developers Valve is.
He does get pretty annoying now.
Kowaski, status!
Let's rehearse this routine! UGG! DIG HERE! UGG! I'm coming to you.
I'll do this because these are all in my top 5 most played on steam. Round 1. Engineer's sentry, sniper with the darwins danger shield, and medic/demoman all could sweep. Terrorists need an awp headshot to kill any of the mercenaries, and some (scout soldier heavy and pyro) can deal up to 200 DPS, demo can deal up to 560 burst damage, medic can ubercharge, and a sentry can kill the terrorizes THE with armor in half a second. Round 2: depends on the mages. If they can put up some shields, the stand a chance. Pyro will be great here as he can kill the warriors nearly instantly when they get close, air blast away their projectiles, and extinguist his team mates. Heavy and soldier will protect the medic with pyro, engineer will build a sentry to provide support, and scout and spy will ravage the warriors from behind. Demoman will be amazing for setting traps to buy the mercs time. Not to mention that medic is capable of reviving the mercs and providing projectile shields to hurt massive amounts of enemies if they touch it. Medic and any class but sniper and spy could solo this, the other classes just seal the deal. Round 3: CTs easily roll. They have equal numbers, all they need to do is buy auto snipers and auto shot guns, maybe some Negevs and P90s, and they outgun Skyrim tremendously. Round 1: 10/10 TF2. Round 2: 10/10 TF2. Round 3: 10/10 CS:GO.
You're underestimating TF2. Medic has the ability to revive mercs from the dead. Not to mention the engineers sentry can kill all the terrorists in .8 seconds (128 dps without the rockets)
Pyro can airblast anything sent at the team, they have 4 healing sources, (heavy, medic, engineer, and scout) and 3 classes that can heal themselves otherwise (soldier, sniper, and spy).
TF2 lore says heavy destroyed an entire gulag by himself at 10 years old.
Round 1: TF2 has a sniper reskin for the awp. Revealing the sniper is identical to the awp. However, he can bodyshot for a kill on an armored enemy if he charges his shot. Soldier can 1 shot any terrorist . Scout has been able to dodge bullets that physically cannot miss. (meet the scout SFM) (sentry gun part) Soldier can take a shot to the head point blank with a shotgun, as can every other class. So you are correct in the AWP being the only reliable kill. However, Scout, Soldier, Pyro, Demoman, Medic, Sniper, and Spy can all oneshot the terrorists without random crits. Scout can meatshots for 150 with the Force of Nature, Soldier with any rocket launcher, Pyro with the axtinguisher or Reserve shooter, Demo with any pipe or 2 stickies, Medic with the Crusaders crossbow, Sniper with his headshot and Spy with an Ambassador headshot and backstab. In addition, Soldier, Scout, and Medic are also capable of going at surprisingly fast speeds, Scout, Soldier, Pyro, Heavy, Engineer, and Medic all have ways of increasing their team's vitality in some way. I don't think the Terrorists can fight them off. tl;dr TF2 are super humans.
The bumper cars hated you too.
I know. So anyone still in for it should go there, not here.
Pyro airblast would be like a Gus to dah, but it can stop arrows. In TF2 pyro can airblast the huntsman arrows back at the enemies.
So you have a pool but you didn't teach the kid to swim yet?
But if some drunk fuckhole pukes, or worse shits in the showers right during the evening or morning when you need to get showered and there are no other options, you want shoes.
E gay has bad logic in my experience.
Not nessicarily dangerous, but I uninstalled it out of frustration just after my free weekend for rainbow six siege ended. So I have no real opinions.
r/jesuschristreddit
Casual
And one of the games was a prop hunt knock off where people often hid as flower pots because of the smaller hit box. So if you tried to call out "pot on bridge" it would get censored.
It really is hard to judge. There are so many characters that you cannot pinpoint one. I personally said "Anyone who can be killed by a black hole" so OP can determine who he thinks is the strongest.
He is holding it all somewhere on his person, therefore it's compressed into a small enough space.
The TF crew are certainly superhuman.
No. Tec9 armor rush. P90 but with instant kill headshot.
My least favorite character is Calliou so I came when I saw this. My favorite is Soldier from TF2. Round 1: Soldier sync jumps as he lands and cancels out the damage. Round 2: Soldier can use the Concheror to take less damage and speed up as he goes through the hall. (And escape plan to make him run at speeds of up to 15 meters per second) Round 3: He could have a medic ubercharge him? That's it but I'll say it works. Round 4: He dies instantly. Round 5: Soldier has feats of surviving in the Siberian winter with nothing, only coming out mildly hungry, with his regenerative abilities, he should be fine. Round 6: Medic ubercharge cop out here. Round 7: Soldier's ability to respawn was mentioned to be somewhat canon in certain Valve sources. I think he respawns and at the last second before he final heat death, medic ubercharge to outlast it. I kinda copped out on rounds 3, 6, and 7, but who cares.
Incase of a plague Madagascar immediately shuts down all borders, burns bodies, and closes their one sea port.
r/TF2: ignore for 2 years with little care about it.l, with servers broken for 5 days in MyM and just some memes about it. r/GlobalOffensive: had server issues for 2 days and makes a petition to stop GabeN's evil ways. Uses Schaudefrede.
"Son"
I see a lot of brits here too.
Oh. Well, I've been wrong for like 2 years now.
Steve's inventory isn't infinite. It has 37 spaces for blocks, and 4 for armor. But you are correct in that assumption for infinite inventory. However, how many games have infinite inventory for your characters? Even games where you can be a sort of pack mule like Spelunky have limits as to how much can be on your person.
Some say u/Lubub55 was the first Redditor ever.
If she was devastated to find out she was pregnant why wasn't she using birth control? Seems kinda inevitable if you're having unprotected sex that you are gonna get pregnant.
r/madlads!
That would be pretty great
Yes
This is the hero we deserve.
Now I'm imagining Christopher Sand from this is the police as kermit
Why didn't you count Brandon's vote out? Sure, it was unanimous, but he still got voted out.
Or it ties and you lose the tie breaker because he can't vote for you.
