2nd best QB in your division!
Technically the most logical answer
Who's the singer?
Ouch
Lofa Tatupu as well
That reads like a sitcom
Would the contract expire or does it pick up where he left off if he comes back?
Interesting, I see what you mean. I'm a big fan of their first two albums but I haven't listened to what they've done since then as much.
I loved their king Crimson cover though
Wait nvm I meant Mercyful Fate
Man this makes me so happy. Star Trek and Seinfeld are probably my two favorite tv shows/series.
Idk, I could argue it wasn't even Pink Floyd's best album
2high4me
Spice is a type of synthetic weed
I was too upset to find it funny the first time, but it's hilarious now
One of the best metal bands ever imo
TJ houshmenzadeh
Mine was a knockoff from target
This is part of the reason why i just buy CDs.
I think it's fairly commonly accepted as a genocide among Americans, at least in my state
It just seems like he completely overreacted to the situation
Shine on you **crazy** diamond
It maintains the balance
So that's what the song is about...
Can't tell if it's stupidity or just not caring
You can't just jump into metal, you gotta ease your way in. I started by listening to bands like nirvana and soundgarden, then gradually got into heavier stuff.
Like onions?
Beautiful
Very nice!
Vol. 3 is such a great album
Damn, that's sad, he looks so fucked up and out of it
Warning is a really good album
Thank you
That last part made me sad
They can be pretty funny when people aren't being assholes about it
Even so, cutting he guy just because he didn't go to the optional OTAs seems like a bad precedent to set. Chip can't possibly expect every player be there every year.
Schecter makes some great looking guitars definitely
Thank you Marshawn
I don't think they had heavy metal in 1715
Don't take it personally
This guys got some diverse tastes
TBF, I can see how getting booed on draft day would affect the way you see the fans of your team
I'm pretty sure certain denominations would disagree with the third point
I'm pretty sure Myles Kennedy played the first half of it and Mark comes in at the end.
Challenge: think of a Metallica song you don't like off of their first 4 albums.
It said that the detergent left horrific burns in his windpipe, so yeah, pretty painful I'd imagine
Damn, that's seriously messed up if true. It also says that it may have been the daughter that posted the Facebook comments.
Green Day has great lyrics
Do you think you would've changed without that comment? In a way you could say it benefitted you I the long run
I disagree, the fact that we have a video of him knocking out his wife affects his ability to be signed massively. It's easy to look past issues if you haven't actually witnessed the crime they've done, but seeing it affects people in a way so they won't forget it
Always works
AFD is one of the greatest albums ever imo
Yeah, I feel the same way. Their debut just seemed pretty mediocre, but their second and third albums were great.
Justice imo is their only album that didn't have a weak song, other than maybe Kill em all
It's close with them, I think Dirt was probably a better overall album, but not by a lot.
Liar!
Psychobitchpath?
Is #9 Machine Head?
Eddie, stick to guitar playing, not medical diagnosis.
He had good taste
Falling For You
Fucking amazing song
Bill has a surprisingly good voice
Any time Deion Sanders was on the field
His people have suffered so much, they don't understand.
And so it begins...
I can't express how horrible of a community it is.
Donuts served after masses were the best
Seasons 1-3 were comedy gold
Only movie I've ever walked out of a theater during
That was the best part
We're all your adopted siblings black as well?
/r/Unexpected
Why is the car's windshield broken?
U
There's no making you people happy, is there?
This guy probably actually is
Plus look at Seattle the year before we drafted Russell.
Oh, ok, sorry, I thought you meant something else
Can't help but read that in the voice of the flying Dutchman from spongebob
I kinda prefer Julian and Garak
The "Meddle" album by Pink Floyd
Do you mean Ricardo?
As in there isn't much variety?
I can sorta see what you mean, I guess I see it sorta differently from my perspective. I'm in high school and most of the people I know have very little variety as far as taste in music, so I was pleasantly surprised At the amount of variety in taste people here have, even if it's not massive.
Honestly I feel like people don't value music as much anymore. Most people don't think it's worth spending money on and if they do its spent on a subscription, not actually buying the product.
It was an excellent fourth quarter
I see him as a step in the right direction
Do you have a source for all of this?
That's such a stupid argument.
We have always been at war with Eastasia.
You lost me
That's pretty cool
Just wondering, why would he need to be single for the rest of his life if he went through with the divorce?
With all due respect, that's pretty harsh.
That's a sweet lookin guitar
Defiantly
True, I'm just saying they might be able to use that as an excuse
Fuck it, I don't even care. It was still a good movie
Maybe even surpassing it!
Lizard people: 🐍
Your eternal soul?
The Baylor game was pretty good. Not incredibly close but it was awesome seeing a team run for 600 yards.
DM;WRB
But there's no donuts in the evening :(
Dat poophole loophole
So should they give the MVP to the QB with the best record every year? I think Cam is definitely a legit candidate but that's a silly argument.
man?
Is this the guy who was on the Packers like 5 or 6 years ago?
Are those color rush uniforms on the Dolphins?
Yesterday was a bad day for kicking
Eddie Trunk for president!
Bison too
If Megadeth puts out something similar to Endgame I'll be really happy
🍋
I believe prostitute would be the correct term
When did you see Quiet Riot?
Dang that sounds like a killer lineup
I see Jay Cutler has a Reddit account
I guess that makes sense, if there is clear control then it is a catch and is not reliant on steps of football moves or anything else. The only problem I see is when its hard to tell whether they have control of the ball.
Just wondering, do you happen to have a list of the players drafted in 2004 that set the record? It would be cool to see how they've done.
That's probably a good idea. It's hard to compare athletes in completely different eras of the game.
Well they do have that whole team moving to Baltimore thing.
This should be an interesting game :)
I knew it!
:P
True, still it takes compassion that not everyone has.
Inception?
I wasn't crazy about last years one but I liked Bruno Mars A lot actually. I'd also love to have Metallica especially since their certainly popular enough to make a decent amount of people happy.
Does black metal have that connotation? To me it seems the stereotype is that listening to black metal makes you a satanist or cult member.
Honestly I prefer lyric videos to music videos.
This is something we can all agree on.
Like a backwards rudder
You too?
I was referring only to their classic albums but it was an interesting read nonetheless.
Really the most important change
Rated R is an awesome album. What was the Brian May album like? Was it similar to Queen?
You're missing out.
Was Sapp especially dirty on the field?
wat.
Endgame by Megadeth a few years back was a really good album, I'd probably put it a bit above DM.
Since when does Fisher care about criticism?
At least you got off Chip Kelly's wild ride
~~1~~ 0 Days since last choke.
Same here. I was like, hey what's that song?
Yeah it's just a matter of the technical definition not covering the scope of a words meaning in our society.
no
That's kinda sad
But Fitz has the length to help him
Apparently he somewhat blamed the kicker for the loss, I haven't seen the video though.
It doesn't do Costanza justice
That's a long URL
I don't think Russell's gonna fit on that
Quick, downvote it!
To be fair I think most fanbases would feel the same way. We just like to hold grudges.
He's joking but it kinda makes sense
:)
Idk, it looks like #59 realized what was happening and was going for the tackle.
And 100% of people will die
Celebrities can get away with shit normal people can't. That's just a fact of life.
Interesting
Imagine if something like that actually happened.
At first I didn't like Geddy's voice but I've come to really like it
I'm pretty sure it's an official thing
To play devils advocate, he does own the team. It's within his rights to move the team if he wants to, but that doesn't mean he's not an asshole for lying about it.
I mean, a lot of people were perfectly fine with taking Sacramento's team.
He's even being way more civil than most of the other people in the thread. It's kinda sad. I think his opinions are completely absurd, but they shouldn't just ridicule him, they should actually engage in a conversation.
Gotta love black Santa!
I saw Exmortus live when they opened for Marty Friedman a few months ago and they were pretty great.
Those flame-retardant windshield wipers were worth it.
What exactly would you call AOR? I've heard the term a lot but I'm not sure what it means exactly.
I'd kill for them to remaster the album and put the bass in if that's possible. Do they still have the master tapes for it?
I guess nepotism can be beneficial at times.
Gotta disagree there.
Middle school too
This will have unintended consequences
RIP
I meant it benefitted lots of people, not just the person receiving it.
Make it so ;)
Sho shexy!
What a shitshow
Their songwriting skills have definitely improved, but their first two albums will always be my favorite. Minutes to Midnight and A Thousand Suns are great albums though
Sorry
Pete and his shenanigans :P
I suppose that's more sensible than other arguments, but it's still based on some major assumptions.
How dare you disrespect the great B.J. Daniels
Savage...?
Might wanna see a doctor
The article makes me think that the whole net worth comparison works okay when comparing people within a country, but not as well when comparing globally.
I see your point and think it is one thing that people should consider when looking at certain statistics. On the other hand, I feel like in most first world countries being greatly in debt is still a very dangerous thing and should be considered.
It's not misleading. It doesn't tell the whole story but it is still an important thing to look at.
Get Janet on the phone right now!
Which is the behavior one should expect from any reasonable person.
Yeah it's best not to make assumptions without more info
Fucked up stuff happening in Washington ಠ_ಠ
This sub seems to hate the show but I liked it a lot. Granted, I'm not that into black or death metal but I still thought it was a good show
I should start playing baseball.
Wow Jeff Garcia was pretty good
I was rooting for a 42-0 win
Idk, i would be kinda annoyed if I was watching a movie and someone paused it to talk about a random chair on the set.
