Whether you go for the yeard or not is not that important. The question is why go back to being a boy when you're successful looking like a man?
" [G]oing from 65 to 68 or 70,” he [Jebb b} added. “And that, by itself, will help sustain the retirement system for anybody under the age of 40.” Anyone else catch the unstated subtext to this statement? To me it's obvious that he is excluding raising the limit on wages subject to SS withholding--and lifting that, even eliminating that,--that would only effect the wealthiest--is contrary to the Bush Doctrine of protect the rich at the expense of the average guy, who must now toil in the Bush Field for 3 to 5 years longer before becoming eligible. That's just not fair, but it's very "Bush!"
Yet again, jingoistic foreign policy, but absolutely no realistic way to pay for it--and that attitude raised the debt level of the US because of the unwarranted intrusion into Iraq, a Cheney "accomplishment!" For me, unless these old guys who want war shouldn't be able to send the young to fight for the old guys' "priniciples" unless they state up front how they--and this includes their personal wallets--intend to pay for it.
At least you didn't panic and take it back to the wood, and that would have been worse and made the Shaver's Remorse harder. Congrats on no panic!
*“If I’m president of the United States and you’re thinking about joining Al Qaeda or ISIL, I’m not going to call a judge,” he said. “I’m going to call a drone, and we will kill you.”* No judge, no third party intervention to make sure your intel is right about the intent, it's more Republican shoot, fire, aim policy--it got us into Iraq. "Tough guy" jingoistic nonsense. Oh, and how is he paying for his "tough guy" policy--strangely quiet on that I think, maybe not so strange but just plain dishonest.
Raising the payroll cap alone, or eliminating it would do everything that's necessary--and more. No need to go after investment income, a tricky thing to try to assess anyway.
Facing boldly to the past, he tries to move his candidacy forward. Time, ideas and reality wait for no man, even if he is an elected US Senator. He's now a man whom time &amp; history have passed by.
Well, then what is an "investment?" One of the largest for most Americans is their home--should profits on the sale of homes be subject to SS? How do you distinguish between an interest in a cooperative apartment and a home, does it matter if property is held for rental? It's a whole wide area and so it's a matter of practicality, wages yes, investments--too convoluted unless absolutely necessary.
Memo to Santorum: "Physician" heal thyself!
Next time you get that compulsion, put down the scissors and trimmer and say, "Never shave below the ears!" Nice growth, will be better with a little more length.
A man cannot have "too much facial hair"!
Certainly seems to have caved--but no one, but no one can trace ISIL, AlQuada in Iraq (didn't exist until post 9/11) and other Sunni reaction groups to Paul Bremer's Order #2, a hamfisted declaration that pushed the Sunni's out of power in Iraq without adequate consideration of the relationship between Sunni &amp; Shia and their history. Solely a Republican creation, everything Obama has done is cleaning up the "shitstorm" created by Order #2.
How can Obama change 1300 years of hate between Sunni &amp; Shia--just as the Shia were excluded during the Sunni/albeit Baathist period under Saddam &amp; also under his Hasshimite predecessors, they weren't going to change their spots either, so they excluded the Sunni's--hate beyond most people's understanding and not unique to the Islamic world (think Catholic/Protestant in Northern Ireland). Order#2 dove right into that struggle and apparently hadn't thought a thing about the possibility of problems. Urging doesn't change deeply seated conflicts such as that. Shia once gaining control wanted and sought payback.
Exactly--just more of what we have come to expect from the pandering to hate talk of GOP candidates to stir up the red neck vote--after all, why not, poor taste costs no more!
Count yourself lucky--a lot of us had it move from the top of our head to our back, etc, even ears.
Good to choose a barber who sports facial hair. Maybe you should consider his haircut if your receding hairline doesn't stop! ;-)
Is "trust" an undefined metric as posed in the question more or less important that intelligence--a less subjective test. I'll go with intelligence any day of the week.
It's a sad twist on The Man of LaMancha--The "Man" of Louisiana has delusions of the impossible dream. What this article fails to mention that insofar as voter appeal, Pyiush brings with him his ratings by the voters of Louisiana, who hold him in the lowest regard compared to all other states.
someone is several sandwiches short of the picnic at /r/rateme!
The creation of ISIS/ISIL has a start point, Order #2 by Paul Bremer which dissolved the Iraqi army on the excessively simplistic basis that all members of the Baath party were to be essentially disenfranchised no matter the reason for membership. This hamfisted policy arose out of arrogant ignorance of the Sunni/Shia division in Islam, a division dating nearly 1300 years. Seemingly W and his henchmen such as Wolfowitz "thought" the Iraqi's just wanted to be more like Texas! Well they learned that Iraq isn't Texas, and that the destruction of the Sunni government would lead to a Shia government with significant corruption and a whole lot of unemployed Sunni military who had nothing to lose by joining forces and protecting their interests. Bush didn't "help" he willingly and through avoidable ignorance lit the match--and now it will flame for decades.
Yes, stupidity as the underlying foundation. As for profits, they thought they would gain effective control of the Iraqi oil industry and thus "control" the oil price independent of the Saudis.
Well, W's library is extensive, both books, including the one he didn't finish coloring!
ISIS takes place in an area strongly dealt with by WWI &amp; II, but the match that lit the tinder box was Order #2, it enabled the Shia to dominate the society, and to settle sectarian scores brewing for hundreds and hundreds of years.
Exactly, I'd estimate 30% at a minimum of the men at mine are bearded in one form or another.
Colin Powell got Bushwacked by W &amp; his henchmen. Particularly offensive was sending him to the UN with bad information when they knew it was bad. Powell was very much in line with those like Elliott Richardson in the Watergate scandal--he believed and knew that his duty was to the Nation &amp; Constitution and not the current AH sitting in the Oval Office. Scary that these massive lapses in honesty always happen with one party!
Well, the beard will repair itself given some thoughtful neglect--the barber however probably never will learn to respect the beard.
They do a lot in Texas, but reading isn't one of them. Just because this country had one president imposed on them by the Supreme Court and hoodwinked into reelecting him, doesn't mean that it will happen again--we hope. Enough of showing that anyone can become President.
Since the Pontifex Maximus has his scientific credentials, perhaps the "devout" but nevertheless stupid Santorum should leave religious preaching to the clergy and not attempt to impose his beliefs on others through the agency of government unless he can show his credentials in religious and ethical disciplines.
Beards are a huge component of self confidence and respect and when a man has confidence and respect, he takes good care of himself--you're the poster-man for beards for health.
Exactly, but the Bush family's financial support interests don't want to pay on their inflated salaries--Jeb is in line to try to be their third spokesman--too bad Nancy Regan didn't prevail and keep 41 out of office.
Yup, couldn't stand them. During Regan's term in office she only had them to the WH when it was absolutely necessary. Don't know why she was so prescient of the Bush character, but she was against the nomination from the getgo. They had tried to get Jerry Ford to sign on, but that didn't pay out. So, at they turned to GHWB, and Nancy was not happy.
And Pyiush again demonstrates he's the leader conservative America wants, a guy who fearlessly takes positions that have no relevance to Americans, and could limit the ability of American manufacturers who would persist in ignoring the metric system. But, the pound is a pound the world around and with Bobby, there's no bigger fool to be found.
Well, in defense of the few of us with operative (we hope) brains, Jindal did close the mental hospitals--now it's clear it was just a vote generating scheme.
Well, hetero it maybe, but the chief difference between Republicans and Democrats seem to be that the Democrats get it free,l and the Republicans pay for it, but maybe that's a building jobs concept.
So there wasn't an "Indian" system here! Surprising.
Yeah, but we went decimal/"metric" with our currency and junked shillings pence, pounds etc.
Exactly--also there is a pun trying to form in my mind of the oldest profession in the world working with guys who are also paid to assume a given position! I guess it's different when the Koch Bros. are paying! (OMG another potential pun!)
Why not?
Well, it's Hypocrisy Be Thy Name, his father's pompous moral preaching is somewhat drawn into question when sonnyboy, who must have gone to Sunday School in his father's church, believes that this is "acting". Fat, bad--really bad--toupee. Another Republican who can't get it free showing what he thinks needs to happen to get a little!
Well if you want to look like a man, yes, but if you want to look like a boy, nope, not by a long shot.
Whatever the brand is, this Independent won't buy it or even walk across the street or down the block to look at it.
Then they act "surprised" when there is violence "started" by the Palestinians. It's an "invaded" area, and this does nothing to help the Israeli image in the civilized world. Do they care?
I understand the current government, but we here in the states don't hear much about the decent Israelis who oppose this treatment and recognize that it is self-defeating and contrary to the long term survival of the state--that is a failure of our news services.
I don't see a problem with the beard either, but if you want to look younger, a short buzz, even shaved above the ears, would take ten years off your appearance.
So why did you take a job with Schick or Gillette anyway?
This woman is the Queen of Trailer Trash!
Sounds like he believes in getting the votes in the pews! Wonder if he receives communion in the pentacostal church? That would set most priests' and bishops' teeth on edge--after all they don't recognize the ministers of those sects as having been ordained in the manner of the historic apostolic faith professed by Romans, Orthodox and Anglicans.
Good point, but does that support the US persisting in a position of remaining on a charming but archaic system--particularly when it results in our young being trained in a system that ultimately they will have to abandon if they wish to take part in a global economy?
The use of the arpent was all but abandoned in the mid-19th century--it was most frequently used for large tracts of ground. Those tracts are now described in feet and inches, just as at some time in the future they will be described in meters &amp; hectares. The US will use metric, it's a question of time.
Jindal's position that his low recognition percentage when he first ran for governor account and excuse his current numbers is as looney as the run itself. His low numbers now do not relate to his recognition factor, they relate to the low assessment of his performance as Governor. Just today in the same issue of the paper as this article is an advertisement setting forth the danger of closing hospitals due to his budgetary nonsense for the last 8 years. For a guy who trumpeted himself as a health care specialist--he's significantly damaged health care in the State.
Oh, and don't forget, he's got credentials in science, something at least to this point Rick hasn't been able to match, except to believe that politicians somehow, magic I guess, can do it better. Santorum may be devout, that I can't judge, but he sure is stupid--and he proves it every time he opens his mouth!
Good look, strong. Never shave below the ears!
Boy, someone is trying to cover their A$$--but when it's as big as this guy's, that will never be a "Mission Accomplished." Too much on record jingoistic BS to cover up--he's in it up to his neck.
This "Grover Norquist" pledge is effectively a violation of the Governor's and Legislators' oaths of office--and dishonest because they are following a "law" that has never been approved by the people &amp; electorate of the State of Louisiana.
Not an issue--and if you shaved your head, rather than tight buzz it would also emphasize the beard.
Game not over, looks good and goes well with the clean scalp.
So you guys at Faux News now propose that one crime forgives another? One crime, the pedophilia, was committed on a minor, the other, extortion, was committed by a guy who had been wronged and may have thought he had no other avenue to regain something of what was taken from. Hastert--jail, victim, suspended sentence.
Nice twist--and, in a bench trial--the creative discretion of an artist judge might just see it that way!
Wake up Republicans and Americans--Wolfowitz and the jingoistic neo-cons have a new spokesman. They are itching for another old man's war and young persons' fight.
He's a "Bush" retread with the same advisers such as Wolfowitz who took this Country into an unnecessary war that cost the lives of thousands of America's young on the battlefield, trillions of our treasure, and hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilian lives--and left us with a huge mess that will take decades to resolve. So, maybe it's the electorate, and the Republican electorate at that at this point in the cycle, that is saying, "Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me!" He'll never overcome his high negatives with Democrats and independents necessary to actually win--albeit, a characteristic that is universal among the current crop of Republican wannabes.
Okay, he also pro-life (i.e. against a woman's right to control her own body and have an abortion if she and her physician believe it is in her best interest) so is the real message here, "If you get pregnant without benefit of clergy, you can't get an abortion because I need to and think society needs to humiliate you because of your pregnancy!" I can't interpret this any other way, and it's sick, demented and disgusting. Picking up his stones like a good extremist Muslim, oh, I'm sorry--how does he tolerate that with his Roman Catholic "faith?"
Good environment! But, don't they let balding guys with a serious receding hairline keep their hair? Those guys are more likely to contaminate a patient with falling hairs!
An he opposes a woman's right to make a decision about abortions with her physicians! Sort of makes a bizarre if sick sense--the woman would just be denying Jeb Bush of his ability to feel superior--a Bush family trait, and totally unsupported by the facts.
Perfect Republican "neo-con" response--and the reason the party has lost (albeit many by defacto expulsion) any sense of moderate politics. It's red meat to the extreme right wing.
No, not home, please someone keep this twit away from LA, he's done enough damage!
Amazing, Faux News out in front with "hard ball" questions like this: *"Fox News poll asked voters which presidential contender they would most (and least) want to spend their summer vacation with."*
Well, in addition to napkins, the obvious, get some clear unflavored Chapstik, apply it before you eat, it will hold that great stache pretty much clear of the meal, but later will relax and let you enjoy its natural great shape. Don't trim--there are just some "taxes" you have to pay when you're blessed with a great beard &amp; stache.
It's only going to get better as it matures--all available hairs in growth cycle will probably be at "beard length" by six months--great now, it will be a fantastic growth then. Why did you wait so long with such great genetics to move into the bearded life?
For guys who have male pattern baldness and those who just like the look, facial hair is a good balance. Too many times without some facial hair there's just too much skin. Looks good, have you ever tried a full beard? Keep up the good work, and remember, no shaving below the ears!
The "H" in his father's name was for Hypocrisy and his boys got the full dose!
What is it with the Republicans--one side of their mouth spouts financial responsibility, then they support someone who has not proven that he can manage his own finances, whose best job to this point is on the political tit as an elected official. Please, won't you Republicans pick one goal and stick to it?
I think that is a common thought for guys who haven't ever let their beard grow. It really takes three to six months to see the fully mature beard, so what you've got now are your assurance you've got a great beard and you can achieve whatever goals you want in the bearded life. Beards are patience.
This view point ignores the reality, sort of like the fact that the world is a globe, that health care has changed and it's not going back. From the ancient Greeks we know that you can't step into the same stream twice--but these so-called conservatives (actually reactionaries, quite a different thing) seek to do so. So the US isn't going back to insurance dominated health policy that assured profits not health, and the largest proportion of uninsured in the industrialized world. There's a long way to go but rather than looking for a way to undo things, they should be looking to improve and expand benefits, directing their attention to greedy interests in the health care industry, i.e. drug companies including their cohorts the compounding pharmcists and medical device manufacturers, are reaping immoral profits rather than providing for the improvement of health in the US.
I don't know, that for me recalls the aphorism sometimes attributed to PT Barnum, "There's a sucker born every minute!"
Excuse me Mr. Santorum, but when you say, ". . .we probably are better off leaving science to the scientists ", all I can think of is "Physician heal thyself". Mr. Santorum you are not a scientist, so leave the science of the earth alone--your comments are worthless.
Disappointing softball interview--wonder if it was prearranged? Usually de Spiegel is a very thoughtful news service and has had excellent articles and interviews. This one was far below their standard.
So, this state is so dangerous that its citizens feel they need to carry guns--what happened to the protection assured by the Texas Rangers? Makes a person think twice whether they'd want to visit such a potentially dangerous place. What if maybe, h_ll not maybe when a pistol packing citizen doesn't aim right and innocent people, including children, are killed and maimed. Why did they let the state deteriorate to the point they now feel guns are a necessity in public places?
Like I said, when the people of Texas think their state is as dangerous enough to need guns as you obviously do, I think twice whether I want to go there.
Hmmmm, almost a malapropic type of answer--it's those Bush genetics at work. So, causes me to worry he didn't really learn much about Iraq, another disaster a little closer to home for Jeb than Picket's Charge.
Well shaving above the ears is no problem, but Mother Nature may have already done the heavy lifting.
Yeah, old idea, but reality is somewhat different--in the attached a man with a weapon at a wedding reception--obviously advocating his what you so bliethly call an "inalienable human right" has "protected" no one--and these are the usual instances, not the exception. I truly hope you don't shoot yourself or someone you love, but that's the game and chance you are playing with. Wake up to reality--life is not a TV show or action movie. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3069255/Sheriff-s-deputy-dropped-gun-Kentucky-church-wedding-accidentally-shot-MOTHER.html
Better be a Hell of a show, it was a Hell of a beard!
This will last until the NC hospitality industry realizes that they are passing laws that cost them money in room rents, reception fees and all the money spent on such activities. It's nice to talk "morality" but when push comes to shove, it's money and that's why over and above the legal issues that this is a law that will not be enforced.
A Freundian slip to refer to himself in the third person! And, my take is someone needs to give him a quick update on different, particularly since he's gotten the same neo-con jingoistic advisors. Fool us once, shame on you, fool us twice shame on us--Jeb, I don't think the American electorate is as stupid as you seem to assume.
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/01/pro-gun-myths-fact-check
Well, by those figures, it's safer to pay the price for a ticket to Hawaii! But the advocates for unrestrained guns of all sorts, including assault rifles, these figures are just part of a big plot to infringe on their rights.
When you write, "That's Mother Jones, which is *hardly unbiased* and then cite a shaded article by Cybercast News Service I am less than surprised at the slant of your source. Finally, I hope, we can conclude, the we're not going to have any influence on each others opinion. And, be assured it doesn't ". . .seem like [you're] beating up on [me.] You haven't.
The voters not only recognize his last name, but more critically and detrimental to his cause they recognize that his advisory group is the same as his brother's, a group of neo-cons whose malfeasance brought this country needless involvement in Iraq and a jingoistic foreign policy that is diametrically opposed to the will and judgment of the electorate at large, no matter what the ultra-uber-conservative leanings of the caucus attendees in Iowa.
Relying on a source such as cnsnews.com, you state that "Mother Jones, which is hardly unbiased". Amazing! I don't need you to worry about "beating up" on me, nor granting me a "handicap." Your views are part reflective of the "über-con" reactionary right that has splintered the GOP. So, let's end this. Your prepackaged cns style responses are no better than FAUX News.
And, until now at least, neither "side" can come up with a workable proposition that results in less violence and death and injury to persons, particularly by-standers. Maybe people talk "at" each other too much and not "to" each other enough.
Don't use one.
Best review of this speech is from Der Spiegel, and you don't need to understand a great deal of German to understand and see how this pompadoured combover is regarded abroad, *"Donald Trumps Präsidentschaftskandidatur: Ich, ich, ich!"*
Worthy of Molly Ivins, she would approve. Nice play on the concept.
Okay, so climate change does and will effect the worldwide economy, but to call it "economic policy" as the Hedge does here, "I don’t get *economic policy* from my bishops or my cardinal or my pope,” may just be a malaprop from his Bush family genes, as well as saying he has "bishops"--most people respond to one--or he may have meant, 'my Church's bishops'--who knows with that family's abuse of American English. The Pope is speaking on environmental issues. It's obvious that the Hedge, and many other Roman Catholics are Buffet Catholics, picking and choosing which and when to adhere to Church doctrine. Additionally, the Hedge may pick and choose for public opinion purposes--yes that's snide. When a Bush, in this case the Schrub's brother--the Hedge--speaks, it's for convenience, personal convenience and advancement. He could care less about the validity of the concerns. But then he also originally said he'd make the same decision as his brother regarding Iraq, until the Hedge hedged his comment.
Good growth--I would bet you're really comfortable now.
Jeb is trying to sound Republican, all the privatize, raise retirement benefits, etc., all are just evading a very equitable, simple and effective solution--remove the cap on earnings subject to the SS tax, and bingo, it's solved. But, oh I'm sorry, those guys who would pay more are the 1%ers who pay Jeb, aka Hedge, to do their bidding.
You're either very tall, or spend a whole lot of time looking up. And anyone who would mention that considering the great density around it are sort of weird to me.
Sounds like he wants to do exactly what tenure in colleges is meant to prevent--control the content of college curricula in Wisconsin. This guy is a conservative seeking to impose his views on the system of higher education in his state. That's not good for the reputation and quality of education in those institutions.
Where's the logic in that? This gun, an inherently and purposefully made instrument of deadly force, was sold to a person with a criminal record. If you want to blame someone, the manufacturer &amp; sales shop are more logical defendants.
There is a line of legal decisions that impose tort liability on a person who knowingly and purposefully puts an item in circulation that they reasonably can expect to cause harm to another person. Although gun ownership is currently interpreted by the SCOTUS "protected" by the 2d amendment, that right to own can carry with it responsibilities without violating the Amendment, and those who sell or put into commerce such items may also be made liable by the courts. To this point that has not been done, but as these atrocities multiply the pressure on the courts to do so will only increase. Concomitantly with such decisions, insurance companies will exclude coverage for liability, including the cost of defense for claims made under that concept--even before liability is actually imposed. The current situation is insupportable and must ultimately change--it's only a question of time.
Yes he did, with money his parents gave him for his 21st birthday!
As I said, the courts haven't adopted this logic to this point but past issues have always extended liability to recompense wrongs--that's just long standing judicial history, several centuries. This is coming, it's only a matter of time. I doubt any of the families paid one cent in court costs themselves, the costs may have been assessed--and that in and of itself is doubtful. These costs are commonly absorbed by the lawyers pursuing this type of matter. The clock is ticking, and it will happen.
He got the money for his 21st birthday and the news reports that first indicated his parents bought the gun have been corrected, they now are reporting he bought the gun with money he received for his birthday and while he had legal matters pending.
In fact some of the earliest cases concerning reasonable anticipation of injury to others involve automobile manufacturers. Although the auto industry has attempted to limit their liability it has to the contrary increased. Oh, and the legislature won't pass the laws in all probability, although they should--they are being paid large amounts by the gun manufacturers directly and through their effective control of the NRA and its PAC's. It's harder to "buy" judges, particularly federal judges. History and jurisprudence show that this will happen, it just doesn't say how long. But each tragic incident such as this one in Charleston move the clock forward.
Well since common sense and science haven't dented the thick skulls of these guys, why should a scientist turned priest be able to influence their somewhat limited minds. The fact seems to be that the best argument against the theory of evolution is the membership of the GOP.
When, oh when, will these neo-con GOP members be honest and wear their brownshirts openly? And when do they come clean and acknowledge they're going to replace the bald eagle as a national symbol with an ostrich, with its head in the sand (or perhaps someplace else the sun doesn't shine)?
You went to a much different law school than I did!
It's a shame they didn't move their business and their ceremony 75 miles downriver to New Orleans that has declared its open and friendly attitude toward all without regard to race, religion, ethnic original or sexual orientation. Pyiush Jindal is the most unpopular governor in the USA, in super red Louisiana he has a lower approval rating than the President! And he thinks he can run for President! Blanche Long committed her husband, Governor Earl Long, to an insane asylum for less!
Poor taste costs no more!
Yup!
He's in the low single digits compared with other candidates, in fact I don't think any other "candidate" has lower ratings!
Huh? He doesn't want it to be, he'll dodge any question on the subject such as in his appearance on Face the Nation, but it is and not only for him but all Republican and Democratic candidates. Dodging the issue will just turn off a significant portion of the electorate to anything he has to say and will only endear him to the racists and ignorant.
Nice--but Jindal would have tried to turn it into a prayer meeting, he really doesn't understand the concept of Matthew 6:6. This is actually good, now he'll probably have the local leaders of Baton Rouge following the example of New Orleans excluding themselves from Pyiush's looney ideas.
Smart move! Never shave below the ears. Looks strong.
It could be a new dance rage with the neo-cons, the Santorum Sidestep. Doesn't seem to have any problems addressing the bedroom habits of people, unless it's with a gun I guess.
But of course, what an obvious thing for me to overlook! ;-D Thanks.
Don't panic on a mistake and take it back to original wood--I made that mistake. Almost in every case, letting the beard do the repairs works better &amp; never try to finish a trim in one sitting on one day, small minor trims over several days is the answer. Grow on.
Why do you work for Schick or Gillette anyway?
Great growth!
This Texas Turkey has a lot to offer the Democrats if he were nominated!
Jindal advisors say, *"that a central part of the governor’s pitch will be that he is “fearless.”* That's all fine and good, but his problem is that he's clueless. He's run Louisiana into the ditch and his popularity in Louisiana is lower than that Red State's opinion of President Obama. He just doesn't get it. He was in charge of health care under the prior Republican administration and could have done anything during the last 8 years--but he has screwed up the hospital system--many are rumored to be close to closing, and overseen a time when the number of LA citizens without health insurance has climbed. He's the Democrats dream candidate. He's been a nightmare in LA, when on rare occasions he hasn't been out tooting his own horn.
15 minutes of "fame" doesn't last long!
Where he gets the money isn't as interesting as watching him spend it, if he's no better at that than working the Louisiana state budget, he'll be broke in a few weeks, if that long. He's a legend, in his own mind.
Okay everyone, fun time will be over soon and it's time to get practical. In the 2000 election Ralph Nader because of his egotistical pride and the idea of the electorate, particularly in Florida, that purity of policy should be the guiding light, gave the election to W! This nation's youth and treasure has paid for their actions. Remember, and remember this well, "le mieux est l’ennemi du bien"--so although Hillary isn't perfect on many scores, she is the most electable of all Democratic choices. Sanders' continued attacks are pro-Republican in effect, and no one in their right mind wants them to control the government. Sanders has that potential. Be practical, winning the election is critical in light of the current Congressional makeup, Hillary or debacle!
This is great for the Democrats, while the Republicans line up to beat the dead horse, they can actually put a positive program forward locking the Republicans into their "No" is our policy--short platform, and it will come up short on votes.
Sanders is not electable. A fact, unfortunate perhaps, but hung with the label "socialist" which most Americans don't understand anyway, the electorate as a whole, and independents in particular, will not pull his lever--and hand the election to the Republicans. Hillary is far from ideal, but compared to the clown troop now seeking the Republican nomination she looks okay. Elections are about winning, not ideas--although perhaps that should be different.
I wouldn't worry about that--looks great particularly with the clean scalp. Grow on.
Okay, State is broke, can't pay for education or health care without a budget of smoke and mirrors and these two, the "part-time" governor and the attorney general are going to spend money on fighting the SOCTUS? How about they pay for this out of their pockets?
They really want to have people reading their 'imaginary news?"
Of course keep it--does she ask you about what style and color she does her hair? If not, she doesn't have the ticket to ask! You might consider a very close buzz or even shave the scalp since you're in the early stages of male pattern baldness--that doesn't get any better and someday you'll be bald with a fringe anyway--shave now, get ahead of the curve.
So, if they were to swear (on a Bible of course--question which version?) the words, ". . .*will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States*" they would be saying they lack abilities or would they just be lying, possibly a high crime and misdemeanor for which they could be impeached.
He only has 1% in a few polls--it is a fraction of 1% in many. He's a legend in his own mind!
You do mean trimming to length and not a shave I'm assuming! Great growth.
Let's put this in perspective--the religious institution doesn't "marry" a couple, the couple perform rites that constitute a contract between themselves, the church or state official is merely a witness. Second, as far as Christianity, marriage wasn't a "religious" rite until the second or third century, and there wasn't a declaration that it has "sacramental" character until around 1000, and there wasn't a formulary for the service until later than that. Christ didn't "create" marriage at the wedding at Cana, he and his disciples attended the reception--aka wedding feast, see John's Gospel. So if anything he blessed the idea of a party after a wedding--and if his example is to be followed wine--with alcohol--must be served despite what some Christian sects say regarding the use of alcohol.
The civil aspects and financial side of marriage, joint income tax, surviving spousal benefits in death taxes, etc. are all rights that have nothing to do with any religious concept. Hence, I think the French have it right when all marriages must be civil before a civil authority, and the couple has the option to have a religious ceremony after they have complied with the civil requirements.
Obviously--and so it might also be said that the bartender at the wedding reception has primacy of place over the clergy at the reception!
Well, a tradition is not what the opponents are arguing, they are claiming "divine" or "god made." A tradition (from *traditio*) really has no authority--it just means, handed down.
Jojoba oil will help, and making sure you rinse completely after shampooing, soap left on the skin will irritate the skin. Still, no reason to amputate.
LA has had crazy--literally mentally ill governors in the past such as Earl Long--but Pyiush takes the cake. When he says, "Marriage between a man and a woman was established by God, and no earthly court can alter that" he's wrong on several accounts--in the Bible there is no wedding for Adam and Eve--or the other woman who is referred to as God having made them, Genesis 5:2, but she disappears and God has to recreate a woman for Adam's mate from a rib--yeah, that other woman part of the story. At least the first one got a blessing, Eve only a lecture about a tree. In Christianity, nothing about marriage until the 3 or 4th century (prior to that one could conclude that Christians preferred celebracy), and nothing about it being a "sacrament" until 1000 years later. And that Wedding at Cana--it was the feast, a wedding reception, so God may have been involved as a liquor supplier for a wedding reception at which Jesus and his apostles appear with no mention of being invited! So Bobby, you're wrong about the institution of marriage and wrong about the Court. One minute you argue stick with the Constitution, then the next minute advocating revolutionary change. You are obviously a fast talker, but when your speed of communication exceeds your learning shut up.
He's trying to qualify as dingy enough to be governor of Louisiana, and following Pyiush Jindal--it's a hard act to beat, but he works at it. He stands for the proposition that the difference between Republicans and Democrats is that Republicans have to pay for it--hence it's a jobs creator; and Democrats get it free--hence Bill Clinton's various daliances with Monica &amp; Flowers, hence a recreational issue. But Louisiana will have to make a decision, do they bring this guy back or leave him in DC. Tough choice!
Yes in almost every instance--it's not like the hair on the top of your head with male pattern baldness.
LOL! Great, wonder if Wendy has seen this one?
It's because Pyiush Jindal thinks he's stand in the door policy will get his pathetic campaign for President some press coverage--and he'll pursue this at the LA taxpayers' expense. He's dishonest doing this and other things, such as having a "security detail' accompany him on campaign trips out of state--but the presence of those securitymen may also provide him with a significant portion of an audience at those appearances.
His given name, and there's nothing to be ashamed of in it, is Pyiush--he has the problem with it, not me. It may very well be part of a deeper problem with his self-acceptance evidenced by other bizarre actions.
She has the right to say that if she lets you have similar powers and authority over her hairstyle, color, etc. Otherwise she hasn't bought the ticket. Also, if she didn't ask and consider why you liked having a beard, best you found out about this character defect early on.
Good growth!
And talk about glittering generalities, what does "our values" mean and who is to judge whether they have been "adopted?" What "English" language, as spoken in the piney woods of Louisiana, in the center of our large cities, on farms? How do we test for "having learned English" would he create a federal agency to establish the standards? This guy is all over the conceptual map trying to get noticed and I suspect keep the examination of his pathetic record in Louisiana from happening.
What? These people work for the state, they accept paychecks from people whose beliefs, and means of income would violate their "religious beliefs!" And although they might not want to witness a marriage performed by a same sex couple--yeah they don't marry them--they have no problem accepting their money! Quit, go to work for a religious institution that meets their conscience, but don't take peoples' money without restriction, that's not religious, that's just plain hypocritical.
I don't know that he can't sound like he's further right than anyone else--but he always picks "tough" goals, to try to be the worst governor in the history of Louisiana he's giving Uncle Earl Long a race for his money, he's made Kathleen Blanco look reasonable--those are tough goals, but he's made it.
Religious liberty happens within the confines of religious actions, prayer, worship, study, but in the civil actions, sales and commerce, it has no place because upon entering those arenas you agree to meet the terms of thing and price. Credit, cash and collateral are all that matter, creed is not involved except as a dodge to violate the Constitutional rights of others to their involvement in interstate commerce.
And if "Christian" and devout, the clear and unambiguous word of Christ in the gospels of Matthew &amp; Mark is that marriage is insoluble, with no exception. Yet these so called 'christians" and clerks of court will willingly accept and filed petitions for divorce! They will prepare judgments, file the same in the records of the court, and all such documents are clearly part of setting asunder the bonds of matrimony. This teaching has been the source of much history--so why do they find it so easy to participate in the divorce process?
The point is not what is "conducive to society" regarding the actions or failure to act on the part of the state and court employees--they maintain that they cannot issue marriage licenses because their religion--some form of Christianity--prohibits same sex activity. The four Gospels have not one word about homosexuality, not one. But the Gospels of Mark and Matthew are clear that Christ explicitly prohibits the dissolution of marriage and that "no one" should put those bonds asunder. They clearly violate the dictates of Christ by participating in the filing and processing of divorce actions yet they do not assert any "Christian" objection. That is hypocrisy, not religion, and they should not be permitted to practice that hypocrisy in the name of the State or on its behalf.
Just this, don't shave below the ears!
Know the feeling! ;-D
A creature of the GOP's thinly veiled rascist attacks on the President, but not the President. They have encouraged hate, and they are reaping the whirlwind.
Talk about reminiscent laws--sort of like the laws against speaking about the probable defeat of Germany in the Nazi times--but these states seem to have in common a popular adherence to the wing-nut segment of the GOP.
Before doesn't count for much either since the "Liferers" also oppose adequate prenatal care! Then after you're born, no child care, food programs, starve on your own is the message. Education, of course not, against the policy of the GOP to have educated voters. They like to be pro-life as long as it doesn't cost them anything in increased support for the poor--the rich and pro-life too probably, get abortions, they just are called D&amp;C--like before Roe v. Wade.
You're thinking right, let them grow out. Great color and coverage--you've got the genetics for a good beard, just remember beards are patience! Maybe think about shaving your head--that will remove the distraction of the receding hairline and emphasize the great beard.
Well yes, but don't do it with a Bic, use a good razor, not disposable, I find they cut the hell out of me. I use a Hydro 5. For the first time, clipper it as short as possible, shower &amp; shampoo, the lather &amp; shave. After a few weeks or a month, you'll never go back to balding!
Great color &amp; shape! Why don't you tight buzz or shave the scalp and really emphasize that beard?
Correct! Their mantra seems to be, "We beat dead horses!"
Well if there is still a GOP in 25 years, but that party seems to have a death wish, it has abandoned the fine traditions of Teddy Roosevelt--in fact they are seeking to undo his "Square Deal"--and Dwight Eisenhower---they have become the mouth piece or puppet of the military industrial complex. They exclude any moderate political views or positions as "RINO" rather like the old Communist Party excluded those who weren't sufficiently "proletariat"! Now they have clowns--and I mean they are all clowns--seeking the party's presidential nomination.
Great growth--and I hope you keep the first as the permanent beard, a "last beard" for life.
There is an expression, French I believe, that says for every white hair plucked, ten come to the funeral!
Another vote for further growth before any trimming, and then keeping the trimming at a minimum and not trying to achieve a "finished" look in one trim session or necessarily in one day. Great beard--would only suggest you consider going from the tight buzz to a fully shaved scalp--it would really emphasize that great growth.
Well, the best way IMO is to trim very little in several sessions, and see how it looks. I might clean up the sides a little, but the chin area is great--I like the wide appearance a full beard gives a jaw--great authority I think. But right now, you've got a great shape--just minimal cleaning up of strays, and when you're doing that you have to be careful not to over trim. When you keep the scalp smooth it just emphasizes the beard, but when it grows out even to a short buzz the receding hairline can detract from a good strong look--that's why I keep my shaving above my ears!
Well it doesn't cause fear, but it does raise the specter of extremist groups--we have them in the US too--that detract from the extraordinary effort the German government is doing and leadership it is demonstrating on a humanitarian crisis. IMO, German has taken the lead and is the moral leader regarding the refugees.
Fantastic for 2.5 months. Beards are patience and too many guys expect a mature beard in 3 weeks when at best that can be achieved by all but the most hirsute in three months. Good growth, Grow on!
Don't listen to them unless you, the 24/7 guy wants to. Keep the shaving to above the ears. What you're hearing is massive beard envy.
Don't forget to use an astringent, like Witch Hazel, after shaving. And since there isn't any hair you are more likely to get crud from dirty hats, etc. So wash the hats, and the pillow cases often. Use a towel at the gym to keep your head away from God knows what someone else left on the bench, etc. Wash with a mild anti-bacterial soap, like Cuticura, at least twice a day. And for after shave balm, just make sure the one you use is non-greasy, without oil.
If Congress would do something, anything, to try to avert 30,000+ gun fatalities a year, then maybe the President wouldn't be in a position of trying to do something to bring this country back from the edge of a gun slinger society.
No matter how you casuisticly try to change the subject, the fact is that there are just too many guns (although the number of households with guns has gone down), but whether suicide or homicide, or more tragically by accident--over one a day--less guns is the only solution that hasn't been tried because of the immense effort and spending by gun manufacturers and vendors to protect their market of death dollar profits. The numbers are: 11,208 deaths by homicide (3.5 per 100,000), 21,175 by suicide with a firearm, 505 deaths due to accidental discharge of a firearm, and 281 deaths due to firearms-use with "undetermined intent" for a total of 33,169 deaths related to firearms (excluding firearm deaths due to legal intervention). It's time to try what has not been done--reduce the number of firearms, even if that means amending the Constitution.
The only solution that has not been tried is the one that has shown it works in other industrialized societies, strict gun control.
Huh? Looks perfectly trimmed--your only decision as it appears would be to maintain as is or try longer--you can't make any mistake except trimming it too short. Great look!
Your question seems to indicate you'd like to explore longer bearding. So why not? Beard is strong, shows great genetics--so try it--you certainly can do it. Maybe shave rather than buzz the scalp to really bring out the strength of your beard.
Great! Any goals?
You're at the very beginning judging from the crown--don't know what your hairline looks like. DON'T do drugs--it's just hair and the side effects, short term, can be awful--and no matter what they say they don't know what the long term effects are, they could very well be worse. You have choices, try shaved now--and you're ahead of the game. Keep it shorter, and you've got a few years before it will be necessary to do any more. To reiterate another comment--your attitude is great,.
Definitely shorter, and shaved is an option. If it's bothering you get rid of it--too much to life to worry about hair, worrying doesn't solve any problems.
Even a brief review of Wikipedia regarding UK firearm policy indicates that you are entirely mistaken.
Nice, strong, goes well with the smooth scalp. A total package.
But, and this is a big "but" both countries have strict gun control laws, registration, licensing, qualification to own, etc. Although a large majority of Americans favor stricter gun control, the gun industry, manufacture and sale, have spent millions to prevent any regulations similar to those in the UK &amp; Australia. Hopefully, the President's courageous action will begin the process of introducing meaningful and effective gun control--like most Americans want.
Maybe, just maybe, the next election when the majority of Americans who favor increase gun regulation vote and are heard the GOP will again learn that it is behind the curve on this issue as well as immigration, health care, etc., that is if there is a GOP left after the primary battles between the various--and all incapable--candidates clamoring to be the GOP nominee.
Exactly, "Republican intellectuals" is a massive oxymoron.
No, I still believe that in terms of absolute numbers the gun population must be seriously reduced. But, to permit the appropriate ownership of guns, serious and meaningful registration and regulation of sales must be in place, including sales, requirements for storage, types of guns in private ownership, real training in gun use and maintenance prior to purchase, liability for guns after theft or loss, and limitations on ammunition in possession--one very common element in terror and criminal gun use is the possession of extra-ordinary amounts of ammunition including that ammunition designed to inflict deadly injury.
Steady as it goes--good start, but since beards are patience you'll need at least three months before anything but minor surface trimming. One of the biggest mistakes in bearding is to try to trim too early on before the beard has manifested its own characteristics.
Well, don't trim excessively, just a bit at a time, catching strays mainly. Be careful with power trimmers--they can instantly ruin a good beard. Overall, looks good and a strong look with the smooth scalp!
Looks like you may have the beginnings of diffuse thinning--and if that continues at least you know the solution isn't rugs, drugs or plugs--it's just a quick shave away. Keeping short is a smart solution at this point, IMO.
Try the buzz--with the beard it will be a good look, and it will minimize the appearance of what could be the beginning of balding.
Finally--we've never seen any substantial and objective proof that his mother was actually a citizen of the US at the time of his birth! We seem to only have his word for it--and a politician's word isn't admissible as proof!
Well now that it is clearly going to be an election issue--we'll have a real poll next November, over 70% of Democrats support stricter gun control according to ABC News/Washington Post's most recent poll--so, the issue should be front and center--my bet is that the Democrats will win on this issue. But recent figures on numbers certainly suggest a connection between the number of guns and homicide, " *The United States, with less than 5 percent of the world's population, has about 35–50 percent of the world's civilian-owned guns, according to a 2007 report by the Switzerland-based Small Arms Survey. It ranks number one in firearms per capita. The United States also has the highest homicide-by-firearm rate among the world's most developed nations.*" Those aren't good!
This may well be settled in the coming election. Right now a discussion doesn't seem possible--so it may well be determined by the election. My bet--there will be more controls to help assure that only responsible people can own guns, and that the type of guns will be limited to those that have legitimate civilian use--you don't hunt with an assault rifle with a 100 bullet clip unless you want your meat groundup in the field and are such a lousy shot that you can't hit the game with less than 10 bullets.
Rights in the US under the Constitution aren't absolute, so one cannot exercise "free speech" yelling fire in a crowded theatre to cause a panic--that's not protected. In a like fashion many Constitutional rights aren't absolute--so ownership of a gun may be limited to the type, characteristics and capabilties and still meet the Constitutional test.
Looks good-bet you're enjoying this!
Great!
Very good beard--almost surprising you've never done it before--and three months is really what you need to assess a beard, your assessment is Excellent. Enjoy!
Wipe your freshly scraped grape with an astringent, like Witch Hazel. Remember there's nothing between you and things like hats and pillow cases--make sure they are clean (hats in particular tend to carry some pretty bad grime and grease), and wash your head--it's easy with a smooth scalp, two even three times a day with warm, not hot water, and an mild antibacterial soap.
Wipe your freshly scraped grape with an astringent, like Witch Hazel. Remember there's nothing between you and things like hats and pillow cases--make sure they are clean (hats in particular tend to carry some pretty bad grime and grease), and wash your head--it's easy with a smooth scalp, two even three times a day with warm, not hot water, and an mild antibacterial soap. Also, get some 10% benzoyl peroxide lotion, not the cream formulation, and rub it in after the astringent.
Well why isn't it a fair question? We've never been given proof that Cruz's mother at the time of his birth was a citizen--and without that proof the rest of the argument is senseless. Was she born in the USA, had she done anything to abandon her citizenship--if she ever had it--to become a citizen of another country--Canada for instance? Lots of questions, no answers, Cruz needs to put up the evidence. It's a legitimate question when a person is born outside of USA territory.
So what's the surprise? He's not exactly know for managing his money! His financial weaknesses are appearing early--running a campaign into the financial dirt, just like he ran his personal finances into the dirt. This guy is a puppet of the aging Cuban exile oligarchy--he expects that they will pay to have him front their financial interests and fanatical dreams of being restored to their Cuban interests. It's not going to happen.
If you don't think a major influence in the Florida agricultural industry isn't former Cuban oligarch exiles --you need to do more investigation!
