Just random kids, hers are definitely on the boat. But the second she put them on the boat, everyone knew she was going to die. I swear the Night's King only turned up because the world demanded she die for being too predictable.
Ser Gregor? Ser Gregor is dead, we all saw it, they even sent his skull to Dorne as proof dammit! I have however heard there's this new knight on the scene called Ser Robert Strong, I bet he stands up for Truth, justice, and the incestuous way. *looks side to side shiftily*
Next season just opens with him on a gold throne with black trim picking his gold grill with Longclaw.
Hehe, cooldown... geddit?
If, many seasons from now, they kill The Night's King, and nobody tries to shotgun his horse, i'll be severely disappointed.
Can you imagine being the White Walkers though? Just full on living, forever, untouchable by the mortals, and then boom, the one thing that can fucking kill you turns up, and some human has made it his bitch and is riding it while it melts your asses.
A1) In your example, unless you're employing that researcher, they still don't have to give you shit. They don't have to even acknowledge the flaw exists, and if you attempt to prove it, we've seen in very recent news they can and will blacklist you from flying as a potential risk. So not only is it not comparable, it doesn't have the outcome you're expecting either. 2) The EULA is a legally binding document. This wasn't something they just shat out and threw onto the front page, it was crafted by legal professionals for the explicit purpose of covering their ass. And while the sale of digital GAMES and AUDIO. An account as part of an online-only experience remains the property of the games creators, because at no point do you actually own a license to hold a copy of the game, as you do with other digital media; you rent an account, or in the case of League, they let you use one for free as long as they're okay with you using one. 3) Game currency has no financial exchange value. In other words, once you own the currency, you have no right or ability to trade it back. The currency itself HAS a value, but only between yourself and Riot. in the same way that a coupon you have for x off at a restaurant is worth x, but in real terms the coupon is not classed as having a financial value. I don't just write this shit without knowing what i'm talking about.
It's whoever manages to kill every other contender by this point XD
The other sword wasn't sharpened nor a full sized blade. It lacks additional weight and a cutting edge, which would focus the amount of pressure exerted on the blade into a smaller area. I don't doubt that it wouldn't be cleft in twain immediately, however I don't feel the video in question accurately represents the probability of the sword breaking.
Yeah, it's kinda bugged me that this sort of gladiatorial combat wasn't espoused more in the series. Even if you're using slaves, which many Gladiators were (technically they sold themselves into a type of slavery to their combat master, at least initially) you don't waste the good merchandise. Why have a man die in a fight once, when he can fight another 20 times and still give a good show? Sure, some are fodder, but even the slaves can be more valuable alive than dead.
I just want to throw out that, after the end of this episode, what I expect to find next episode was called in advance; http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/375l8f/s5_postpremiere_discussion_507_the_gift/crktluf
Personally, I'd rather have 975 skins with particle effects, but it's each to their own I guess.
Moobeat's S@20 notes indicate there IS a sound effect associated with his cleaver but a bug has disabled it at the moment, at least in the video he posted. What that sound effect is I don't know but I'd say it's most likely a twongy sound of some kind. EDIT: Your wish is their prescient command, here's a link to the sound - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muDSNkV3lyA&amp;feature=youtu.be
Yeah because what Riot really want to do is give Disney's legal team a collective orgasm.
And a white Chroma for the Mario reference.
Hang on, you go take a look at that splash art again, and look me in the eye, with a straight face, and tell me he doesn't look demonic.
He's one of them, he knows the pain of having to pee sitting down. They weren't gonna challenge a brother in blood.
Granted it was an extremely prolonged nudity scene but as a somewhat veteran actor, and gen her nudity scenes in 300, I wouldn't consider it totally unthinkable. I do agree though that the actual content of the scene could easily have put her off and that's fair enough id totally understand that. I don't think she owes the fans anything, but I also think it's a bit ridiculous to refuse to do a scene you would've done or dos do a few years ago because you've decided you're above that now. I'm not saying "this is clearly what she did" just that as a hypothetical itd be a bit hmmph
Nah they'll still be around next season.
You've no idea what you missed. I was expecting it and am used to that sort of gore and even I was sat there shouting "Jesus Christ. Fucking hell!".
"Not like they would give skins away for no reason" you mean like they did at Christmas?
I think you might have had a different monopoly to the rest of us. In the UK at least, the monopoly set was a very simple "get all 2/3 colours, stations whatever, and you will win X Prize" but there was always a specific ticket, e.g. Mayfair, that would only produce or distribute roughly the number of prizes there were. There was no subsequent draw unless something went wrong in a big way; if you had all red or all yellow properties you won that prize. End of.
Some of us just like the Pool Party skins. I intend to get the bundle either way and I don't play Draven or Mundo, and don't even own Zac yet. But I like the skins so why not.
I work, I have some spare cash, and I'm working to unlock each champion eventually. Zac is osomeone I refunded a year ago because I didn't get him, but my play has evolved since then and now is the time. Same goes for Draven; I'm trying to expand my horizons and I like to at least have on skin on a champion if I own them, especially given I enjoy playing a fair bit of ARAM. There's only 1 or 2 champions where I will always buy their new skin, and before now I've only really used RP to buy new release champions with their bundle, I mostly use IP. Besides, it all goes into a game I enjoy, I spent £90 on Battlefield 4 and barely played it, so I'm not too fussed about putting money into a game I'm actually enjoying XD.
Sorry, did you just accuse Riot of supporting segregation by keeping regions geographically separate to maximise player experience on their servers? You just played a race card I didn't even know existed right now. It's not like you're prohibited from forming an account on any other server.
Because it's going to be financially sound to fire the long term graphical development team and hire a bunch of short-term server engineers who in all likelihood don't want/need a temporary contract position if they're of a standard to get the repair done ASAP. And then get rid of them when they're done and have to hire a whole bunch of new artistic talent from a field that talks to each other a lot and have already seen a bunch of their colleagues fired for doing nothing wrong. Great plan!
Sorry, I only have a needlessly large one. Best of luck though!
Rengar, Nidalee or Fisherman Fizz are also acceptable.
Even the later comments in which he makes veiled discussions about champion kit?
Where's you get that idea? There's been no confirmation of it ending anywhere, I for one would assume that it would continue until 9am PST everywhere, unless there's a reliable source that says otherwise.
Something like 6 seconds according to the PBE but it's not confirmed. He's not an assassin or fighter, he's pure tank. If you overextend on him the slow/stun combo and his swallow will let him wear you down while his E prevents you from doing the same, he basically forces extended engages.
I'll judge you on the fact that you feel the need to go guns blazing about a simple point that a lot of those who complain to Lyte are not telling the full picture. Your attitude is the exact sort that gets people into trouble; I'm right and no amount of experience or expertise could possibly contradict that, and I should condescend anyone who disagrees with me. Take a chill pill about this shit and maybe you'll keeps clean account and even enjoy the game more.
Well here's a link of him actually saying it; http://picosong.com/gJmb/ It's pretty much as I was trying to describe it, with an elongated sound in the middle instead of a short sharp 'o'
Actually they recently started putting some 'fluff' animations into The rift when certain skin/champion conditions are met. It's probably not too hard to use this principle to apply minion skins under set conditions too.
Glad to hear there are other people like this floating through bot matches. My girlfriend and her best friend have been dipping their toes into league via bots, and the friend had a right asshole in one of the intermediate matches flaming because she wasn't particularly skilled (granted she probably shouldn't have skipped beginner bots but hey, it's fucking bots y'know?) People should just chill in the game in general, but they should REALLY chill when it's co-op mode.
Pretty much. If you want to get involved in a competitive scene with established ethical guidelines and poaching restrictions, not the best idea to ignore them and assume that because you're not YET a member they'll ignore it and let you in.
Actually it's more akin to saying "If you want to move to America but we have solid evidence like previous convictions for something we consider a crime while you were in France, chances are we will stop You from moving to America." Which happens all the time. The only difference is that the 'evidence' in this case isn't something he did that is punishable where he is NOW, but that doesn't mean it isn't unacceptable where he wants to be.
As far as I'm aware it auto-pings where he's going on the minimap when he casts it
Why would you not want Santa Bard with a beard like that! Having said that I also want Oh TannenBraum so y'know...
Alistair's passive is aoe magic damage for a few seconds after he uses an ability which would attribute the kill to him not trynd.
From the image it looks like part of your tail will clip the ground through the extended landing gear. Once the wheels are horizontal the rest of the craft tilting would cause a clip, and if the game detects that it used to spawn at a slightly higher position to resolve the problem. It definitely used to do this before 1.0 and I doubt they removed it as before that you could end up with some weird bouncing issues as the plane was forced out of the ground. So in all likelihood your changes have raised/shortened the back end just enough to remove the ground connection.
Throwing this out incase it is actually still an issue when I get on later today; When I was last playing I spent awhile trying to land a VTOL dropship on the Mun made with the Extraplanetary Bases mod. It was badly balanced and I went through a bunch of attempts before it finally survived landing and I got it docked to my base. But for some reason even when the ship was totally stopped, and when it no longer existed and had been joined to the base, I kept getting the 'cannot save collision course' warning as I tried to exit. The game was still auto saving after certain actions and it saved with the base attached together but I'm wondering if this is something I'm gonna keep having or if anyone else has experienced it. My only other vessels are 3 satellites in orbit around the Mun all at aoe and happy.
Same, I never cared about getting out there until I had a long-term plan, I wanted a solid base set up on the Mun with easy tourist travel In my brain before I stepped foot outside Kerbins SOI and something always got in the way. Mostly a decision that I could make this look better and id start again from scratch.
She was picked at a time when she was a solid and useful pick both competitively and in standard play, but skin development takes 2-3 months. They can't just drop everything and half that time because design doesn't work that way. She was an understandable pick at the time she was chosen but when the season ends everyone just thinks about the last six weeks and decides that's what the meta has been all this time.
Sounds like it's gonna be a Pokemon trainer then...
As well as Thresh, Karthus Hecarim and Mordekaiser representing the Four Horsemen.
Cow goes moo, Frog goes croak, Horse goes neigh, Dog goes Ed...Ward....
I actually really agree with this; pinks have a cap but there also visible and provide a TON of utility, and last forever. Blue trinket have a ton of utility, last forever and are visible. So I'd say the basic green wards generated by yellow/SS/jungle items should have a 3 minute timer, their basic invisibility, and have no cap. That seems more reasonable than the doublefuck we have now.
I want him to finish and I look forward to it but we're used to waiting. Besides nobody wants to put that much stress on him he's not exactly young and fit and we still need to get another book out of him!
Might wanna throw this out to the League of Legends and DOTA crowds as well. They may not be MMOs but they grab a huge cross section of people and will give you a good contrast in player experience I think.
I would say his death is a direct consequence of Joffrey being a douche. If he had refused to change, he was going to die ANYWAY. He chose to admit guilt for something he didn't believe and compromise his beliefs to protect his family, and STILL died when he was meant to go to the Wall. If anything I'd say he showed character growth before being shortened.
I haven't seen anyone else mention her so I'm going to; Margaery Tyrell. When it comes to one-dimensional pretty much all we actually SEE of Margaery is power-hungry slut. We only hear of her third-hand after her arrest but she does pretty much just sleep her way from one King to the next all series.
Well, the only people he actually trusted in KL after Robert died were his own men and Littlefinger who his wife vouched for, and was what really fucked him over. I guess you can extend that to trusting his daughter, and Cersei to not risk her children's lives. He was certainly stubborn for a lot of his time, but I'd also say his changes, both after he was injured and after he was arrested make him more than one dimensional.
As a UK buyer are you sure that you're not gonna end up with an extra £100 VAT for a luxury item, plus the £15-20 Royal Mail, DHL etc charge you just for the luxury of being able to pay your VAT. Because I've been shafted by that particular pole before and it put me off ordering before I know what the costs come to in total.
Seen it and spent it. Tbh that's probably why I'm close to just ordering the damn thing despite the sour taste the cost leaves me. I just spent £1600 on a new rig what's another £500 for a totally bew experience.
It's also built on almost 10 years of tech development. The FIRST iPhone cost as much, and look what that could do.
I was actually agreeing with you, that £ $600 for a 1st gen consumer model isn't unrealistic given the price of other first-Gen tech. The first iPhone did a lot at the time but comparatively little to what you get for the same cost now. But realistically there is NO experience comparison to the Rift outside of direct competition from other consumer VR headsets of which we have NO price point beyond the same level of price promise we got for the Rift. I'm on your side.
I'm gonna make a preorder and see what happens with the Vive. I might change my mind with Steam being a more established gaming platform, and it'd be just like Valve to make Portal 3 Vive-only and shatter my dreams.
Dunno why everyone thinks it's more likely his body completely defies logic (speaking of which I pretty sure whichever way your head naturally faces is your front regardless) when a much simpler explanation is the character has a pronounced hunchback. Which, given his obsession with beauty would have an ironic twist to it.
Is it actually gonna be $30 when you start selling on the day?
Probably more worth it now than the pre-order physical Imperial Edition I have. Art book is pretty though.
Surely you just need to find something that isn't broken down like this upon consumption. Maybe milk? It enters a solution but is still milk and you can probably suck down milk fast enough to make more than 1lb sit in your stomach even with digestive enzymes breaking down some of it.
Did the same as you, I've come back this weekend, started fresh (kept my original character because he had all the motifs which dropped so easily in those early days) and I haven't found the game empty at all. one of the great things about ESO is the multiple instancing of cities, so theres probably fewer of them now but they LOOK populated still, and there's still those around talking from time to time.
I never knew I needed this until now.
Are you a new player? If so I'm assuming you've had to register an ESO account first, which generally has an email confirmation part. Is it this email that's not coming through, or is it a device verification code email? If you've not had any issue setting up an ESO account through the website make sure you can login there using the details you provided them to ensure the account is live. If you bought through steam (I haven't so I don't know how they've got it set up) possibly check your steam account to make sure it's tied to the correct email address?
Except WoW is really just as bad at it as ESO. Especially nowadays. Sure the group content throws out pronouns for the whole group, but in all of the single player content you're still basically recognised as a single generic hero that everyone else also occupies; this is even more pronounced in MoP, Warlords and will be in Legion. And there's a perfectly valid reason for it; nobody wants to complete a game where every quest is being treated as something any other sod could have done. If your quest givers all told you to do what they want or piss off because there'll be another hero along in a minute you'd get sick of it really fast.
"Spends three hours saving the Duke and avenging his wife" oh here, have this ring and a few gold pieces, now fuck off I've got a fiefdom to run." "Spends an hour saving a farmer from some sheep" oh thanks kind stranger, have these as a reward *gives legendary underwear of the forgotten Emperors*
I have to throw out that the idea behind the canvas bag is that the material itself is recyclable compared to the plastic used for disposable bags. They're not MEANT to hit the environment to cause that impact.
Cats are cats no matter how big, right down to the paw on the neck that says "fucking hold still you're still not clean yet!"
I don't know who made this but this just sounds both ridiculous and awesome. I must have it.
The psychological studies and predictions from both Allies and Axis during the wars. 1) if you were a conscientious objector during the war you could volunteer for non-combat roles includ By medical experiments. These were often used to discover the effects that specific environmental impacts could have on otherwise healthy individuals, including: starvation, dehydration, sleep deprivation, withholding of vitamins and minerals, measurements of calorific intake, psychological torture and so on. Done on VOLUNTEERS, often overlooked because they refused to fight although the results of the studies had great effect on our understanding of human tolerances. These next two I assure you to be true as I've read the original transcripts but don't have links to hand but I'm sure a bit of googling will turn up; - American psychological profiles of Hitler concluded in 1942 he would commit suicide rather than be captured, and were actually pretty accurate about a number of other choices he made. - German Psychologists were really worried about the effects of British POWs on German morale. While others have documented how Hitler was pissed and wanted to ally with Britain against Russia, a lot of Germans viewed Britain positively. The problem was British POWs both officers and general soldiers were cocky and arrogant bastards with stiff upper lips. They mostly kept good order while captive, took every opportunity to mock their captors, refused work duty demanded breaks and generally carried such an air of confidence it would make German soldiers disconcerted. That and flirting with the local German milkmaids. Seriously. One of the examples they used is that of German soldiers threw spare cigarettes to soldiers in the camps other soldiers would scrabble for them, and the British would turn their backs on them unless handed to them properly. We were cocky motherfuckers even as prisoners.
Difference being by time the US was pulled directly into the conflict, Japanese tied to the Axis had already been solidified. By time the US had become a combative bation the Sino-Japanese conflict had already become entwined in the larger European conflict.
Same, I couldn't live without my Naga, especially as I'm a left-handed mouse user and they are literally the only company that do a mouse that both has that many buttons and is left-handed.
Oh damn, I am a fool. Wait you want me to unsubscribe? That's a bit harsh I only just got here!
Pretty sure my brain loves sweetness too. As I love sweetness, even if I know it's low calorie, and I am my brain. Disclaimer; I'm aware I am not the be all and end all of science. I merely feel it right to express my love of sucrose and all other deliciously sweet flavours that won't kill me.
Whenever you load a game it just opens with a screen saying 'congratulations, you beat the thing. Have some pretty pictures.'
It's the way the cat looks back up and swipes at it as if to say 'no I wanna go back in there!' So typical.
Bitcoin is the best advertising currency of all time. Because it will never SOUND expensive.
I found Filmore online and researched it all at some point last year. I was so happy. It was one of my favourite shows especially as a fan of police procedurals. EDIT: also if there's one thing I'm taking away from this its that Disney are missing out on a lot of money for relatively little effort not releasing all their 90s and 2000's cartoons as box sets for £20-40 a pop.
Welcome to Alfred Nobel's life. He founded the Nobel prizes after he read a premature eulogy publish erroneously that lambast him as the horrific architect of thousands of deaths for inventing Dynamite, which also had tons of uses in structural engineering, making it much safer to use and transport explosive compounds for tunnelling and large scale demolition.
So for Japan, a country with an abysmal rate of natural resources, a negative interest rate can cause a major problem. One of the biggest issues with the Japanese economy is that it relies on both its imports and exports to remain stable at the same time without being able to turn to internal production to relieve the financial burden; they can only be competitive for exporting goods if they can still afford to import raw materials, as their own supply of so many of the materials essential to their exports is so low.
From day one I've been clear with my fiancé that games are a big part of my life and who I am. She games but her passion is Pokemon and sometimes the Sims so it's nowhere near as devotedly as me. But it means she understands when I say 'doing fuck all this weekend X is coming out' because every time there's a new Pokemon game she just disappears for a week. We get each other, and I'd always consider it the backbone of our relationship that we understand each others passions even when we don't share them, and support each other in them.
And that's why I like cats. "If they actually cared about it." You aren't training a cat to do shit unless it wants to do it. Dogs think "get the ball! Get a treat!" Cats think "no. Give me a treat. GIVE. ME. A. TREAT. Excellent. You may leave human. For now." I love cats because they're assholes. And they're not ashamed of it.
I always heard it was the other way around. Leaving cutlery in an X indicated you were still eating (as they were still positioned for your hands to take up again) while upon completion you would place them both together and they could point in a direction indicating satisfaction.
Light in a vacuum as a guess, universal constant and all that jazz. I don't remember the actual displayed speed numbers etc but I remember when I ha e seen them I felt the speed of light made sense for the space scenes.
It's possible there's something in there information wise they don't want going public outside of their new schedule. Somethibg about mechanics or lore they want to keep within their launch window.
Ehh, she's GOOD. But I don't know how she would stand against Bumi. I'd say it's pretty close. She is technically gifted due to her extra sensitivity and that did let her discover metal bending, but Bumi had a lot of academic knowledge on bending too.
My personal list; Saving Private Ryan, when he's stood over the grave with his family and asks his wife of he's been a good man. I'm in no way involved with or support the military, but damn that moment makes me tear up. A lot of people mention the Futurama episode with the dog. But the episode Game of Tones hits me much harder. A short synopsis; while being forced to relive the memories of his last day in 1999 all Fry wants to do is have one last conversation with his mother, just for some closure for himself, he gets stopped from doing this and is visibly upset. Later, as a gift to thank him for his help, Nibbler connect Fry's consciousness with a dream his mother has shortly after he goes missing, giving him an actual chance to say goodbye, even if only in her dream. This made me really sad imagining how it must feel to know that he just disappeared and she never knew what happened or anything. I can't not cry. Bridge to Terabitihia. I got physically angry when she died in the film, having never read the book. I was enjoying it so much and it was such a nice.story then bang. Dead because of that prick.
Riot Penguin and Baconhawk left as well.
Started a new job, working nights only me and one other worker who was always provided by an agency; no consistency and no responsibility. Was totally thrown in at the deep end. Given one night on with an experienced worker then just expected to get on with it. After six weeks without a word my manager has me come in early with 5 hours notice so they can do my first review (meant to have them every 2 weeks). She then proceeds to chew me out for a ton of stuff I've done 'wrong' with no consistency as to what my response should be in situations, and getting aggressive when I defend myself, then accusing me of fabricating paperwork. All this happened on my birthday. I worked out during that shift that the paperwork she accused me of was 100% accurate and I could prove that she was lying. At that point I decided there was no way in hell I was staying because I had no idea what her next bullshit would be. I contacted the agency that supplied my coworkers, joined them on the sly, worked part time for a bit and found a better job with better pay through working for them with the agency. Turns out everyone in the area knows exactly what she's like too, as I started working other places with the agency and they all knew the stories.
You say that as if there's ever been a world where we didn't think eating meat was a good idea. We are talking about economies of scale. On a planet of 7 billion people we kill, by your numbers, just over 8 animals a YEAR. That's 365 days, or one animal every 45 days. Sure the number sounds big, but when you take into account how overpopulated the planet is, they're actually not that unreasonable.
Sorry but this is bugging me; your complaint is casual gaming through apps such as mobile or Facebook etc. I get that. But then you say 'but not gaming on anything other than a phone/console/pc.' you've just listed basically every video game device. What the fuck else do you expect people to play on? Or do you mean you object to casual gamers so write off anything outside of their Skinner boxed apps?
Sounds more like you've got some shitty spouses around you.
Short explanation to save OP the trouble (assuming this is the one I'm thinking of) Stick 5 monkeys in a room that has a ladder with a treat at the top. Spray all the monkeys with water whenever one tries to grab the treat. Replace a monkey, and watch as the new monkey attempts to grab the treat, only to be attacked by the others who don't want to be sprayed. Rinse and repeat until all the monkeys have been replaced. You end up with a group of monkeys who attack each other if anyone tries to go for the treat, even though they have no idea WHY they're attacking, because none of them have ever been sprayed with water for going for it.
In regards to the dairy thing, I've always drank thick milkshakes whenever I have a sore throat. Any otber cold drinks don't help but a thick milkshake taken slowly can give great relief for awhile.
Part of the issue is cultural. For some women, there's a lot of pressure to fulfill certain needs of a family, especially around children, that can have a negative impact on things such as their willingness to take on additional hours or responsibility. There's also potential bias away from women with children when it comes to providing promotions or even general employment. That sort of discrimination is illegal in some places and shitty to most people but unfortunately it does happen. The point of the dispute is that saying women get paid less than men sounds like, hour for hour, they're earning less than their male counterparts. In reality it's much more complex, but the reality is that the gender bias that affects earning potential is not one of pay scale, but rather the perceived role of women within a family unit.
I get your interest in this actually. I was reading a case a few months ago where a woman has validly overthrown her mother's will, in which she was explicitly disinherited. She was able to do this and receive a fairly large sum because they successfully argued that when her father died in an accident at work, and her mother received a large settlement, her father would have wanted that settlement to carry down to his daughter. At the time of his death she was very young, if not still in-womb (I can't remember for certain). So they argued that her mother's will prevented her from receiving assets her father was known to have wanted her to benefit from, leading her to receive something like 30-40% of the estate back from the charity it had been donated to.
Check their twitters, it's now cawwsizzle and the penguin side I believe. They've both definitely gone though, I was shocked too.
Aye but my point in this was that despite his obvious strength he's far from his physical peak. Can any of us really imagine the extent of his strength when he was even in his fifties or sixties?
Timestamps show these were from late at night. Seems this is the history he found on a work computer when he got in this morning.
Rowling has answered this one; you have to sort of emotionally process the death for the effect to occur. Deaths that you don't process or have awareness of when they happen don't have the right emotional Impact apparently.
This... is a very good point. I remember this myself, it seems a bit counterintuitive.
At the end of OOTP wasn't madeye dueling three of them at once?
Slight correction; Mrs Norris saw it in a reflection. Justin saw it through Nick, who cant die twice. We never really find out how they fix Nick.
Well, he probably had to train himself to sweat, then train himself to not sweat while trying to sweat. It's hard being a bhuddist when you have to teach yourself bodily functions to control :(
He spent $60,000 buying debt that had a value of $15,000,000 if he had successfully claimed all of it back from the debtor. Thats the figure being put out by most anyway.
Homeless sector. Fire department. Law enforcement (if you're not an asshole). Aid worker. Childcare. Teaching. There's a couple without giving it any thought that are specifically about helping others.
I used to be like this until I worked for a supermarket. For awhile I was only assigned to trolleys outside. If it wasn't for a knee injury that made the shifts walking on asphalt painful I'd have stuck with it instead of being on a checkout. People leaving trolleys all over the place gave me something to do, and being able to saunter across the carpark to collect a trolley and idly push it back was very relaxing.
Jon Richardson springs to mind for me, he's a UK comedian who fully owns being weird, anti social and somewhat obsessive, and admits the fact that some of the stupid stuff that happens is because of this.
Nah. They've made the slot longer as needed before now without any issues. It's part of why they schedule it so late; between the episode and thronecast it's the end of their nightly programming block, they can gain the rest of the time back during early hours. That's assuming they don't just fill it out to a 30 minute extension which is also possible.
Personally I'd be happy to see a slight reduction on how long the stun is coupled with fan the hammer being less accurate. Unless he basically stands in me and guarantees all six hit, they should not kill me, and he shouldn't have time to reload and shoot again without the stun wearing off. Either fan needs a slight cooldown or a long reload time afterwards.
I had to wait until I got home. Worth.
You're still alive. Information does not mean that an organism remains in its current form.
You get more if you're insured, it's not all from the government, they can just back claim some of the expenses as relief.
The great thing about mathematics is what you believe is irrelevant to the fact that it is true.
It's unlikely. Being honest here, that's a bug. Sure you could accuse people of exploiting it but there is also a legitimate reason to place them there as it totally closes off one path.
Throwing it out because it's a rarity that nobody will get. The original series of Zoids had a blonde chick in that I found very hot as a 12 year old dude. Haven't seen it in the past decade so I couldn't confirm.
Thankfully I've only ever experienced their fried chicken.
No, it CAN be proven. That's sort of the point. It exists, correctly, regardless of whether you believe in it.
A Knights Tale, when Will goes off on one about life as a peasant and how he and Jocelyn would have to live if he chose to run now. Always liked that scene. Also, same film, the parts where Paul Bettany does Will's introductions like a promo announcer. They're witty and well presented, and I love the bit where he gets the whole crowd worked up and then just says to himself 'God im good.' Actually, just most of that film. It has a couple of really good moments and deserves a watch.
TBH the UK is just as bad for this. I'd say the difference is that in the UK you get a lot more universities that offer everything but have extremely good departments for certain things. Like we have a local university that only actually became independently accredited a few years ago (it used to be classed as a satellite campus for a larger university). It's not a great university by any stretch. But there's two or three departments that it's considered excellent for, such as nursing.
Sorry to burst your bubble, but a Seagull and a Sea Eagle are two very different things. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gull https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Eagle
What is: Holes
Our young protagonist is brutally separated from his family, and begins a desperate journey home, despite not knowing the way. Along the road he makes new friends, endures hardship, risks his life and battles the elements, all to save keep his friends safe and get home, and see his mother again. I'm intentionally making these harder than they need to be :P
Pretty much this. The Hound has the two things needed to beat Gregor; the sheer strength to stand toe-to-toe with him in a direct fight, and the martial ability to out-fight him. Nobody else in the kingdom really has both of these available to them. Like Bronn says in Season 2; he has to be lucky the whole time, the Mountain only has to be lucky once.
I work in a shelter, we often get donations of bread from local bakeries, also sandwiches from a few places. Left over buffet food from functions etc. We arent an open shelter, we have residential clients only. Had someone trying to claim we were making them sick by giving them the option to take food that had been freshly donated that night. He got shut down pretty quickly when we advised him that he didn't have to eat any of the donations nor was it served as a meal; we just kept it in an area for the rest of the evening to help themselves.
Steam Engine, invented by the Greeks and used mostly as a toy or curiosity. You filled a small ball on the end of a rotating bar with water and lit the small wick beneath it and the heat would boil the water, causing it to spurt out as Steam and spin around. Sadly the idea was never combined with other inventions to form anything useful or our technology could be several hundred years ahead by now.
Adaptation of World War Z The film was okay as a standalone zombie flick. But it's nothing even related to the book beyond the depiction of Israel closing its borders and a verbatim description of 'The Tenth Man'. Having read the book, I would love a miniseries so much. A faux documentary would be amazing if done properly.
Best description I've ever heard. As an example, me and my partner have been together almost 3 years and in that time we have only had one fight. She came over for the weekend, and I spent a lot of my time on my computer. But whole she was over, she slept two solid 12 hour nights, and before getting onto and after every game or two I would always ask her 'are you okay? Do you want me to stop for a bit?' and she would say 'no. It's fine' As I'm driving her home she tells me she felt like she's not spent much time with me because I spent so much time gaming. I blew my lid. I got very upset, not just angry, but actually crying in frustration because I had been very, very explicit in frequently making sure she was okay with me gaming, and because I work nights our sleep patterns also didn't sync up well, so I not only slept less but spent a lot of my 'awake' hours lying next to her awake. Now. Either of us could have said nothing. She could have not said anything at all, or i could've just said 'okay'. In either case, one of us wouldve felt frustrated with the other. As it happens we both got upset, but it ended there. She realised that it wasn't fair to say something like that after she's repeatedly given her blessing, and I made it clear that I want her to be honest with me about how she feels and what she wants, because I will always do the same, and always treat that with consideration and respect. All couples have disagreements, but by keeping communication open and honest, you can seriously limit having actual arguments. And I think part.of that comes from the fact that keeping communication open requires you both to respect each other's thoughts and feelings.
This makes me very hopeful for me and my fiance because you could basically be describing us, albeit our goals differ from yours (kids, the suburbs, stay at home dad). And we like a big bed. I'm a big guy. And I cannot sleep with someone touching me. I love to cuddle but I have to sleep in my own space. But we could never go to bed angry. Because I like to cuddle first and so does she XD
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Panties Harry Potter and the Chamber of Panties Harry Potter and the Panties of Azkaban Harry Potter and the Panties of Fire Harry Potter and the Panties of the Phoenix Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Panties Harry Potter and the Deathly Panties Harry Potter and the Cursed Panties I think JK Rowling plays this game whenever she names anything.
You don't think Phantom Panties, Panties Wars, or the Panties of the Sith sound better? Maybe it's just too early for a star wars porno.
What Kirielis said. This was a bit earlier in our relationship, and I work nights during the week so my only free time every other week is when she comes over. We were having a quiet weekend in either way, but I had a rare chance to play with a group of friends who don't live nearby and also have lives of their own. So I made sure she was okay with me taking the opportunity, and made sure repeatedly she was happy with me playing while she was on her DS, drawing and listening to music. We were in the same room this entire time.
*bint. English pejorative for a woman. Just so you know.
Partly related, the UK royal family don't tend to use their surname (Windsor) which is generally only used by Elizabeth and Philip. Most of the royalty will use their title as their surname; Prince Harry of Wales, son of the Prince of Wales Charles, was such known as Harry Wales in the Armed Forces. William and his Children geberally, as far as I'm aware, use Cambridge, as William is the Duke of Cambridge.
This is actually a common misconception that a lot of people believe. In reality the epidemic was already over and only isolated cases still existed as the disease had mostly run its course and was deep into a downswing. The positive from the great fire was that it actually cleared out a lot of the slum buildings that were of poor quality and hastily and haphazardly erected. The cleared space allowed a great modernisation and expansion of areas of London that had previous been cramped and erratic. A lot of what we consider old London now can trace its roots to the planned urban renewal that came in the centuries after the great fire as the city recovered and grew.
Actually, most of that development came from the advancement in building design allowing more hygienic premises to be constructed. London still suffered from outbreaks of other plagues after this event, but they were more likely to involve general hygiene or be transmitted person-to-person because the removal of lots of wooden and thatch buildings gave rats fewer homes. I mean, you've got to realise this fire spread really fucking slowly. it was spreading at a gentle walking pace, it's just not really possible to put out a fire once it gets going like that with the tools they had available. the death toll was so low because people mostly just walked out of the way (although admittedly not as low as most estimates suggest as new evidence indicates in many places the fire got hot enough to totally incinerate a body leaving no trace, but this again is due to the slow but long burning effect). Rats, like most animals, don't tend to hang around burning buildings.
Sandor's cock, from a distance, looked like a limp sausage, nothing you need to worry your delicacies over.
*Arthas strides out of the snow with Frostmourne in hand, skeletal dragon flying above him* and you call yourself King of the Undead...
Arya still has money, people still trade from Braavos and Westeros...
I work with the homeless so you can imagine I've met some colourful characters, but my weirdest has to be at university. So in halls in first year of university we had a new Chinese (relevant later) student moved into our block like halfway through the year. We found out he had been moved out of another block in our area because he was stealing food from the communal kitchen and they'd caught him on camera doing it. So he continued to do this, as we later found out. He also constantly wore this dirty, mustard yellow vest top with nothing underneath. We once saw him come into the kitchen, place raw chicken on a plate next to some chips, place it in the oven without turning it on, come back an hour later, and take it into his room, uncooked. We were pretty sure he ate it. I'm not going to go into details about the rest as there's so much, but there was some discussion about him trying to do something with a drunk girl, he was also caught shouting and screaming after most people had left for the holidays over something insanely minor, and when he started throwing furniture two of us screamed at him that we were sick of his shit, and he looked at us like we had slapped him, like nobody had ever told him off in his life. Our friend translated his shouting into threats about getting Triads on us. He also used to have a bath in the communal bathrooms and leave the door wide open. So yeah. There's that guy.
I love watching Sasuke in the UK, the commentary is fairly standard fare and gives you the gimmicks with big eye rolls. I wish more shit like Sasuke was done in the rest of the world. Big, annual competitions like this being televised are so entertaining. All we do is close half a city and go for a massive jog.
I know a lot of people would disagree, but I admire you. I know I couldn't reconcile the lack of trust in me again. But I can't even begin to imagine how difficult it is when two people who youre meant to be able to both trust and who are both meant to love you are telling you conflicting stories. I'm glad the two of you were eventually able to reconcile.
To be fair until the past maybe 12 months Riot had this EXACT problem. They tried this method and repeatedly got crucified for it. That's why every other sentence is 'WE ARE NOT PROMISING ANYTHING WE MAKE NO GUARANTEES' because anything less than that and people make stupid assumptions. Both Riot and Blizzard have been drawn over coals for that in the past.
We are all uncontrollable animals to some extent. Can't help being who you are.
You literally have to walk in facing the toilet. Pay attention to what you're doing instead? And this comes from someone who just automatically puts it down when he's done. It's just a complaint that bugs me.
I appreciate a casually dressed woman. It screams self-confidence and no need for the approval or gratification of others. You chose to wear something that pleases you and optimises your comfort over something designed to appeal to others, many of whom you will never see or interact with again
There are substantial differences in white/grey matter distribution between genders but I can't remember in what distribution pattern. I just know there is a biogically basis for it.
Agreed never in public. But in private a guy's gotta scratch.
For a record, some of us do defy society. But it's never about trust as much as it is about personal perception. People are aware of how they've been taught others will think about them. So when men are made to feel like emotions make them weak, exposing them doesn't make them feel like they're opening up who they are, but are actively making themselves look weak to you. The ex thing is probably an extension of that. Men are encouraged to disregard their feelings and start looking again almost immediately. Being unable to really express and talk about how they feel makes it harder to deal with those emotions. Not all men are like this. Some genuinely feel less; maybe naturally, maybe it's a level of conditioning. Others don't subscribe to the male stereotype, or have friends who don't and it becomes more acceptable to open up. As we have become a society where intellect has become a more valuable commodity in men than brute force, coupled with greater communication via the internet, those who would have previously been repressed by the herd are now better able to embrace or express their emotional side.
We all get that, it's the itchy stage. Youve gotta push through it. After two or three weeks it stops feeling that way and you can trim it to long stubble and it will still feel okay.
It's not really a controlled thing. If you need to go once you start it's really hard to stop, if anything it's faster just to adjust your aim.
Word. I can actually attest to this quite well. I suffer from really bad hayfever, which I'm currently experiencing. I also got sick briefly which means my symptoms are prolonging a niggling cough. So I've got itchy eyes, a heavy cough, constant sneezing, blocked nose, trouble sleeping and generally feel shit. But the one thing I don't get is lethargy. I don't feel weakened. Maybe a little more tired than usual because of the disturbed sleep, and my breathing is harder because I have a congested chest. But physically I don't feel drained or weak, and it makes ALL the difference. I've been like this for weeks and its irritating but I can get by and carry on with life pretty much as normal. But all those symptoms plus tiredness/weakness are your general run of the mill bug. And when I get them I just become useless and need to sleep and rest. When I feel mentally drained I can just plough through, and when I'm tired because I've been active I can ignore it because I have been active. But when I know I CANT be active, and EVERYTHING feels more physically challenging it's frustrating and I just want to curl up and sleep it off.
I'm 6ft tall, the bed is just over 6ft long. I want the pillow I sleep with so that my spine is nicely aligned, and a large pillow in the vicinity to sit up in bed if necessary. Anything else is just taking up room where I sleep and restricting my movement why would that be nice.
We don't all have a tub. I honestly think it's just because baths aren't considered manly, but everyone likes that sort of warm, relaxing soak.
Given enough time I could probably list every Overwatch champion and their abilities, the majority of League of Legends champions and abilities, tons of skins. I can remember the names of MMO characters I made a decade ago. Can't for the life of me remember my fiancees birthday. Or her eye colour. I know it's in October at the beginning, and I think they're a sort of.mossy green but it just doesn't sink in. I don't remember my own eye colour either most of the time. Repetition is retention. Birthdays come around once a year; I've only known her for two of hers so far. I see her eyes whenever I see her but I'm not looking *at* them. Just one of those things about memory.
I think that removing these stats does greatly help to direct attention away from the KDR. But there's nothing really there to push attention onto the games objectives either. One of the biggest complaints people seem to have is they find too many players hunting kills over playing the objectives, so we've removed the flaming but kept the mindset. I'd like to see Blizzard try and find a way to direct that attention more towards objective play. Maybe some sort of multiplier based on eliminations of targets on objective and time spent on objective, that rewards those who are spending their time either on the objective or killing enemies who are.
I consider it less like pretending it didn't happen,ore.lile pretending it was done properly. I personally just ignore how it went and take the scene from the books as applicable to both as they were meaning to mirror it.closely and just failed miserably.
Yeah I thought of this at the time but wasn't able to come up with.something concrete to solve that.issie, but that's why I want to see Blizzard actually work on it a bit more.
If you think the English don't do cold water you're sadly mistaken my friend. Water fountains, on the other hand, fuck no. Go buy some tea like a civilised person.
Why would it be? My cats are treated with deflea. Delouse and anti worm on a monthly basis that protects them from infection for a month-long period. As long as I've had cats, always outdoor cats, they've never had any flea issues, and have had a single tick,. Which had attached at the corner of the eye where the treatment doesn't generally spread because it would irritate them.
Winston doesn't do enough damage to them IMO. It's all well and good saying hes a counter but literally anyone else present and that turret will still beat you.
He's a photographer?
Cut the table in half, then push them back together, two halves make a whole, use the hole to escape.
Lighthouse keeper wakes up in the morning, realising he is late for work (he should've been up at night). He runs upstairs and turns on the light, looks out from the top and sees ships wrecked on the rocks the lighthouse warns of, then kills himself in guilt.
If you don't know who your MEP is, that's not Europes fault. they're democratically elected. You can't choose to ignore the democratic process then claim it ISN'T democratic. Im not arguing with you over the appointed beaurocrats, although we have more than a bit of that ourselves behind the scenes, but the MEP thing is just stupid.
Good to see a fellow scouser has some common sense. God knows what'll happen to the North if the Tories get to spend 4 years deciding where to spend all the money instead.
She stays out of this sort of thing. Royals are expected to remain publicly neutral due to the whole historically being pains in the ass.
I've been meaning to try that chippy in Albert Dock for ages, was it good?
Never fear we still have episode 10, Arya has to make landfall somewhere!
This is the last conversation I expected to see in this thread.
Annulled due to lack.of consummation. Either was done by LF or will be done if not just generally assumed.
I find that amusingly ironic. I'd love the. Best D.Va player to.br an ultra butch Slav.
Just wordlessly handing him a small bag of coins would have been a hilarious nod to the players.
Managed this on Dorado once, was defending the point under the bridge, tackled a DVa ult back down the road and walked behind the wall to avoid dying. Feels so good.
Not when myself IS an asshole.
You say that. Premier Inn on Princes Street, Edinburgh has like 5 floors and at least two of them have rooms that are up half a flight of stairs.
Depends. Some countries have done away with it, others retain mandatory military service. Greece is an example where all men do (I think) 18 months military service. I'm not 100% on the exact length of time.
Switch to Zenyatta, keep poking until ult is up, then dive it with your ult. The heal will be enough to keep them all alive long enough to take a torb each.
In the books Tyrion is still perfectly aware of the Wildfire. It is used in the Blackwater in exactly the same way as well as being flung from the walls. There's a whole scene where he is watching them train to throw the Wildfire pots and being very limiting about how many will be allowed to use it because of its relative danger compared to the care they take with it.
Yeah, I use Odeon Gallery if I'm going the cinema, about £25 a time for IMAX 3D. But I like having the drinks around, somewhere to sit and chill for up to an hour beforehand, and also, you can just sort of wander in as the film starts.
EU referendum happening right now. I'm currently shopping for emigration destinations. I here Canada is nice.
Big risk and assumption it WILL increase again.
No such thing as a Scottish Pound at the moment. There's notes issues by The Royal Bank of Scotland, as well as Clydesdale Bank. These are still GBP and considered legal tender by any bank. They're just from a different issuing bank, so they have a different design which sometimes confuses people.
Age of 16 is the UK age of sexual consent and for awhile smoking age and age of school leaving (both of which changed in the past few years). They've generally been considered an age at which the majority of that age group are mature enough to make adult decisions and understand their consequences in the UK. The Scottish Independence Referendum also allows those from ages 16+ to vote. Some feel that was something of a milestone and precedent.
She has no power, is still a vastly wealthy individuals privately with or without the title, but the title earns the UK a lot of money in tourism, as well as a degree of cultural respectability and historical note from certain circles. Shes also fairly popular as a representative of the Commonwealth and their family is widely active in positive charitable causes. At this point they probably have less direct political power than the Koch brothers. Their voices have weight but they have no impetus behind it and remain fairly impartial politically (it's considered a problem if they're not, as Prince Charles has been known to stick his nose in places he shouldn't in this regard.) So yeah, they're basically just a wealthy family with a lot of historical significance at this point, and generally earn a lot of revenue to the UK both as positive emissaries and through tourism.
Unlike most of us, you have a way out. Run. Run now. Escape to freedom.
That you might want to move your finances to a Danish bank, and if it's somewhere you intend to stay maybe begin a citizenship process.
It was pretty likely he would. Given his vocal support of one side, losing was a direct indication he wasn't aligned with the faction if his party that had the mandate to act on behalf of the population. It's sort of similar to how the open primaries of the US showed that certain Republican nominee didn't command the support of enough of the population to be representative of them
It's a NARROW sea. takes like a week or two to sail across I'd imagine.
Aside from what everyone else said, he's also the last remaining member of the Small Council. It literally leaves Cersei as the only one in KL in a position of power.
Pretty likely. She's sided with the Greyjoy rebels, and the Dornish have a female leader. So TKITN is her best option for an alliance. That or Littlefinger.
Still solid advice. I'd rather spend a bit more each month and get somewhere that I stop paying for after so long than pay to live in somewhere for the rest of my life while somebody else turns a profit from it.
To be fair this is a lot less 'weird thing to do' as much as it is a really bad time to do it. It's not weird to be naked in your own home at stupid o'clock in the morning, or run the bathroom, or check that your kids are okay when they have a sleepover. He probably just didn't think about the first two when he did the third.
Not gonna lie, this sounds like the dream job for the pedant in me. Id like to think anyone in that situation would play the fuck out of that system out of sheer spite. But I know most wouldn't have the balls so kudos to you for doing your job the way you have to job the way they wanted you to.
Protection. HTC as a brand isn't doing well right now. The Vive has been hailed quite positively and shown that HTC can become a player in VR hardware if it carries on making smart moves. The problem is that other areas of the HTC business are less desirable, less profitable or present more of a liability. That can reduce the desire of investors to become involved in a company that could run into trouble that ultimately drag their investment down through no fault of their own. By spinning their VR off into its own organisation they can retain profitability from it by isolating it from more unstable areas of the company. It also works in reverse in that they can take a few more risks without that impacting their more established markets. This sort of stable isolation with more freedom is more inviting to outside investment, that can feel confident in the product/market/new company without having to worry about how the phones are doing too, while also potentially receiving a higher reward from the greater risk that can be taken in that single market.
You want privacy don't commit sex acts in a government building on camera?
The problem, like many countries in Africa, is not any one religion, it's just religion. Superstition, a lack of education and devout belief in the bullshit spewed by the previous generation that instill insistence of respect and belief that what they say is true. It's the same horrific and idiotic system that brings us genocides, both male and female genital mutilation and killing of albinos. It's not a racial thing, it's a cultural thing that unfortunately is much more prevalent in some areas of the world than others. The whole world just needs to learn to leave each other the fuck alone and stop giving a shit what other people do when it doesn't directly impact them.
It isn't the same for deliveries. I ordered two books and a DVD from Amazon, that were delivered in a box filled with airbags that took up 2/3 of the space, rather than two cardboard envelopes, because it was one order. Sometimes weird decisions get made in packing. Just roll with it.
At this point I'm prompted to ask; do you drive on the left or right side of the road? Because this definitely.sounds like it would be sensible, if you drove on the left.
