I think arbaless/Alvarez is to aracitacia as fiore is to ishgar Kingdom to continent (multiple kingdoms on each continent) like Jura was the best Mage is fiore during the 7 year gap but only fifth on ishgar
Regardless of how you feel about Obama I think he will serious historical credit for the abuse (and racism) he put up with while president.
I think that's part of the theme. Like the nether the Jedi or the sith are perfect, one is too selfless and other too selfish
Watch the episode where erza learns magic, it's also really about believing and people with it in their blood have an inclination. Also Laxus would kick your ass for assuming he's good cuz if his parents.
Congrats don't quit!!!!!
Santorums always cum from behind
What year is this, 2012?
Cringe within a cringe, they just incepted this shit
Ds9 all the way
Where did u get it this bottle? The place I go to doesn't have the port wood edition. Also it's too bad the port took a bitter turn cuz sweetness properly mixed in could amazing.
W..wh...what?!?
I personally think the over choreographed scenes were incredible, the power and skill of the super human Jedi was felt. Also we got to see stuff like opposing force pushes.
I disagree and I think you're nit picking. The scene with maul vs obi wan 1 on 1 was unreal in terms viciousness and killing lust. Personally the new movie had terrible fight scenes to me. The swinging was nonsensical and it wasn't fun to watch (BESIDES how awesomely Rey was just beating that ass) Also IF it's individual moments destroy scenes for you then literally every original storm trooper scene is idiotic, the whole assault on the death in stupid for how exposed the x-wings were but never died, obi wan vs darth is pathetic. But idk you gotta learn to love the parts that cross the unrealistic line for you as much as anything otherwise you end up a mountain of salt.
That's nonsense. The light saber duels from the original trilogy wee limited by the animation of the time and were "more methodical". Also New Hope barely had a plot (most of the plot was made up after its success) and was just a film featuring the newest and best special effects.
I read AoT and frankly after the most recent chapter, fuck that manga. It's pacing has gone from slow and intense to George r r Martin disrespectfully slow.
Please tell your friends gf she is legit a saint. Like she kept talking to him but never got aggressive or tried to prove a point she was just nice.
Stellar, nice word choice
So less established?
What bothers me isn't that this story is real but that someone actually told it too sound real
Jellal cuz during gmg jellal knew he could beat Jura while Laxus was unsure.
But that's the thing they actually know. Like watch interviews with people buying. Sir you know you're chances are low right? Yea. How you know how low? Really low. There many things that need work but monitoring shifty spending choices is not one of them.
Would be interesting to be see Thor be shaped to be centered around the Marvel version cuz most myths are reformed heroes. If you think about now more people probably know Thor from marvel iterations than anything else, the only question is staying power.
It was filler plus mashima said somewhere he regretted the lack of Laxus during Tartaros.
How so?
Like it's painful
Freed But honestly I love them all cuz they are very unique amongst fairy tail in that they contain a capacity for cruelty which I like
Honestly it's a surprisingly diverse world, there's Asian and European diversity. They also have rare instances characters of many other colors.
We all started as lame asses. You'll grow into it, one of the best ways I've found to enjoy whisky is to try good single malts or blends with a crap whiskey (when I started it dewars vs laphroaig). It teaches you to detect the differences and really learn why good stuff is so damn amazing early on.
Ummmm flowers cuz it's Tuesday to a girl ur not dating is weird
Mind blown
Question is will it do anything to protect its people from the problems already over the border.
Do u really not think 1.1 million people in 1 year won't change a population of only 80 mil?
*takes deep breath* Please tell me this is a joke
I'm only going to judge you on this post and ur replies to comments. The reasons you get hate is several fold. 1. You've fallen into the trap of self pity. i. Scrawny: first off scrawny means nothing skinny guys get hot girls as regularly as anyone else. Second if ur body makes u insecure do something about it. ii. Was raised by your grandparents: You had a loving household no one anywhere should feel sorry for you. iii. Moved around a lot: the most interesting people are those who've been around its no excuse. iv. Bullied: most people in world were/are bullied at some point. 2. When people explain the issues you don't acknowledge and you ignore the spirit of what they say and argue the wording. Example on this thread someone said unlocking women and you said "no I'm trying to make myself attractive". In this case unlock women = make myself attractive 3. Asking questions when u don't want honest answers. Saying I'm not as bad as denko is you setting your self up to not look bad. It's like saddam saying come on guys I'm not hitler, don't compare urself to bottom of the barrel when asking about acting appropriately.
Exactly and it applies to more than bullying. Like everything he listed isn't even that bad, get the fuck over yourself.
according your statement women care less about looks less, so why then do u whine about being scrawny?
Source or name?
Many series pull from each other. Fairy tail openly admits to being inspired by many sources..... BUT this is non-sense like there's nothing in common like at all. The only similar thing is music and it's not even remotely similar in style.
My parents are teachers and it's always so special when they can connect with a kid. It's awesome you can do that with fairy tail
My favorite part is the guy who brought it up started being attacked by other feminists. Like talk about making everyone your enemy.
Not everyone is convinced that relationships with banks equals bad.
Sorry but gunna have to agree. There has been zero evidence yuriy is Serena and it's been stated by warred that yuriy is dead. Anything ur saying is just grasping at non-existent straws. Also the important thing about Serena is his magic.
As liberal as I am this is why conservatives say 'no' we have a good but imperfect system to help people pay for college BUT sadly tuition rates just rose making the system we have seem terrible.
I used to watch the anime and read the manga but the anime has gotten unbearable. Like the second fight between Laxus and tempesta was so annoying to watch. In manga it was a two page fight with gray and then plot moved along
The change to portrait in the sources below makes me think it is. Also 45s usually 'real' stuff is long enough to be sold. 'Real'= real look and feel but fake
Yes!!!
This^ people tend to forget this is a story with laws the strengths that bend to hiros wishes. He tries to be consistent but he sways regularly (literally any fight with sting or rogue as examples)
What the fuck?!?
Oh I'm sorry descendants of people who commit atrocities shouldn't ever have the right to complain. OH WAIT THAT IS EVERYONE. You don't say Arab Muslims complain about imperialistic America, nations conquered under Muhammad and successors!!!
Except when denying the holocaust.
Mavis don't fuck around with ppl who hurt warrod
No it's not cuz what we not takin into account is the fact this the pride is more about simple country history and the fact they were a great empire and nothing much else.
Yea I mean we've seen many situations where a character has appeared to have been rekt and hiro keeps them alive. Gildarts did survive a similar assault from the same person.
The idea of Brits being proud of their history as a great empire, is not Brits saying immigration is good but only when they do it, it's them saying " I'm proud of my countries powerful history". The argument being made is "why do Brits have issues with immigration when they are proud of colonization", which I'm saying is false equivalence.
Blockbusters rise and fall is one the best ways to understand why capitalism is so awesome and how it pushes innovation.
Right?!?
People don't pick on fatties. People get picked on and sometimes that person is fat. But there is not a culture of pick on the fatty. One reason for this perception is 1. Being fat is unhealthy and some how stating health facts is mean. 2. Fat people can't always engage in the engage is the same activities as others. Like I can't think of a single out door activity she could honestly engage in Edit: my point is fat isn't a special status of hate, everyone gets picked on for something and being fat isn't inherently a worse trait than other social pariahs
Hillary, the candidate in first is sunk? Are you gunna say that when she's the nominee? Also no there is zero evidence because candidate have over taken the supers in the past. How come only Bernie gets to be a whining bitch. Also how arrogant are you to believe your logic is so perfect that someone who disagrees with you is paid or stupid.
So there shouldn't be endorsements in a democracy?
Yea I mean how could someone trust Bernie to fight golden parachutes on wallstreet when his white took one while bankrupting a small college?
What about the fact that a poor white male stands less of chance getting into college than a wealthy black male because the black male with all the advantages of being rich is considered somehow less privileged than a poor rural white? What about schools that have awards that can go on resumes that only blacks can win but no version for whites? What about the fact that an old white grandmother gets no news story when Detroit cops beat her for no reason? What about the white girl who was assaulted by black students and then almost had charges brought up against her because the black students claimed she attacked them? (The only reason the poor girl wasn't charged was because of surveillance) I'm a person of color btw but the reality is that being white or black or anything else no longer guarantees you have privilege or oppression.
You don't solely on the biases of gender.
That's what they don't get. They say how can Hillary supporters like her given her obvious faults and they can't understand the answer if "because while she's not perfect I still like her a lot". And they don't get this because they legit think sanders is perfect.
You should hang out at r/enoughsandersspam
The baby being black was probably the best gtfo from God himself (also is that sexist?
Username checks out
You misspelled FEC
Yes you should stop supporting sanders because he lost. Decide who you like more, Clinton or trump because those are your options. Like when Hillary lost in 08 people had to choose McCain or Obama, same thing Bernie lost now make a decision.
He's not honest tho. Most of his police and statement are based on lies. The problem is that he gives off the honest old man vibe so people trust him.
And cenk's denial of the Armenian genocide is a clear indication he's a terrible journalist and shouldn't be trusted. See it works both ways.
Well he says no CEOs on wallstreet have been jailed but can't name any laws they've broken. His free college plan doesn't even cover the full cost of college and places a huge burden on the states to make up the difference. His hypocrisy of criticizing super delegates for supporting Clinton early on in the election based on Hillary polling better than him but not asking them to switch based on polls. His lies that he does well in open primaries when he loses them almost 3:1. His hate if golden parachutes when his wife has received one. His claim that he can save the US 324 billion on drugs when we only spend like 302. His voting to continue funding the Iraq war. The list goes on. I don't hate Bernie at all but he's not more honest than other politicians he's just good at giving off the honest vibe.
He's done. If the FBI hasn't found anything to charge Hillary with in a year there is nothing they will find in the next few weeks. Literally lets say that again, in an entire year not one thing worth charging her with has been found. The supers are not switching and Bernie is getting his ass handed to him the recent primaries. The game is in fact very over and has been for months. Sanders funding is dry, the subreddit is losing subscribers, the phone banks and canvassing are dead.
She didn't reveal national secrets. None of the info was leaked. Her server was more secure than the one she would've been using.
Lol perfect logic if you want to dismiss conclusions you don't trust.
Just like how you can't wrap your head around Bernie getting the literally shit kicked out of him for three straight months by Hillary.
His influence is dying as he stays in because more and democrats are starting to hate him.
Anytime an investigation can't come up with a charge after a year I'm quite skeptical of its energy
That's the purpose. You're supposed to say I want take part in the DNC or GOP primary before all the candidates announce to prevent tampering.
Yea THAT is totally want is happening.
Hey I like summers
I fucking hate this whole "ties" shit. Means nothing
In and of itself I think it will do very little. But it might represent a shift in the discussion about Islam and whether we consider certain Islamic beliefs to be threatening.
It doesn't need to be terror to be linked to Islam. A man who's religion (any religion cuz most honestly have issues with gays) is part of homophobia
What about Bernie flipping on super delegates and whether they should be used against voters? I'm sorry but refusing to debate Bernie after the election was over is not flip flopping it's being real.
Ah the old sanders arguement, those who don't agree with me are stupid low infos. No wonder she kicked his ass in every demographic but rural and non-college graduate whites.
Trump's campaign disagrees with you
That's like saying non-Christians are the largest religious group in the world. It doesn't actually mean anything. Independents don't agree with each other, hence there not being a party they are all a part of.
As a Clinton supporter "No fucking way!!!!". Clinton is the establishment candidate, everyone knows it.
The reality is that automatic weapons barely make up gun killings in the US. Most killings are done by hand guns. It's like cars verses airplanes. If you want to save lives in transportation you make cars safer not planes because barely anyone dies by plane. But the problem is when people do die by plane it is 1. Wealthier people and 2. Is usually a far scarier story, this also applies to assault weapons. If your goal is to pass a bill to save american lives via gun control your focus should be on the tools that take the most lives not those that make the biggest headlines. I don't like these bills cuz they are barely going to address the issue of gun deaths but they will protect the middle to upper class and leave the poor communities shooting each other to death.
And we will get R2
It's funny cuz they have the exact same meme but for liberals Edit: not pro-trump just pointing this out. Also way more than 6 liberals calling to ban guns
No because more parties equals less power for each party and it becomes easier for radical parties to get their voice heard. Also if independents truly agreed with enough other people they would have their own party.
Well put. To add to that people label themselves as progressives think everything they want is right and step in the right direction. They then conclude the two-party system which forces compromise is broken because there isn't a party that is just about their ideals. What they don't get is that they aren't perfect and being forced to slowly comprise and not being able to make vast sweeping changes is a good thing. When people say democracy is hard they are referring to how you can't get everything you want quickly.
Typical bernout socialist. Yells at people for not doing Bernie's job lol. You see in capitalism you are required to work and not complain when people who have held positions in the past dont show up and work out of the blue because you are busy masturbating furiously in front of a camera and calling it a speech.
By "place politics my ass" I assume your talking about a sanders speech
Funny you think Bernie is circling a dying body and isn't one himself.
Irrelevant to the topic of no one paying for porn anymore.
I don't know it
And if he says no that should be ok because you supported a democratic candidate and it should surprise you he would cooperate with the DNC. Like part of him running as a dem was things like this happen when you lose.
What successful women does r/politics regularly celebrate? The only ones I know got attention endorsing sanders (tulsi) or lost support for not supporting his lordship (warren)
That's not how this works. Your opinion of DNC corruption doesn't matter.
Right I always thought she had a lil chub but nah she killing it
Because you voted for candidate in their party. You took part in their election process and that has consequences. All you Bernie supporters want the DNC to give you all these concessions but don't want to follow the basic rules of our party. If you hate them so much you shouldn't have voted.
Honestly they've taught me how fascists take over. Imagine if the US was a different country and these assholes were tough enough to militarizes.
You sound like a member of Khmer Rouge. They murdered hundreds of thousands of people for disagreeing with them.
Mark Cuban said it from day 1, net worth is completely unrelated to cash on hand. First trump is only 4 billion but second we as a country have a grave misunderstand of how network relates to spending power.
So I'm correct, you think there are two types of people, Bernie supporters and idiots. As long as you keep that up you will always be in second place.
Hey idiot it's about how your mind is so shallow you literally can't comprehend someone choosing her over Bernie. And frankly it was this in ability of the Bernie campaign to understand why minorities and those over 35 voted against Bernie that got his ass kicked so badly. I'm asking because I want to see if you contain the ability to understand people who don't agree with you. I voted Hillary but I can explain why people voted Bernie. Bernouts on the other hand can't and then they get confused when he loses in every swing state.
Actually American is vastly different. The only countries comparable in size and population are Russia, india and China. You simply can't scale Denmark system to culture and size of the US. Doesn't mean we shouldn't try but still.
See I get everything your saying but I'm on the opposite side. I think society is becoming too dependent on college. We are getting to the point where it is going to cost every single American 100,000 and four years before they can enter the work force. That line alone when applied to a population of 320 million should ring a bell that more college isn't the answer.
Really? Where is this liberal understanding when in comes to conservative oppositions on pc culture. You should watch the videos of perfectly reasonably conservatives and even moderate democrats get shouted down for having opinions far left liberals don't like. I've never seen a video at a university of people from the right threatening guest speakers with violence on stage until an event was shut down. You kinda cherry picked examples of liberals doing the right thing.
Given bill maher has been a victim he's a terrible example. And yea pc is relevant because it's an example of liberals refusing to acknowledge the other side of the isle.
Fuck you
Super delegates are good for 3 way races and there's nothing wrong with that. Also super delegates show which candidate has the support of the party and I see nothing wrong with that either.
The problem is that independents aren't a single group. You can't disenfranchise a huge group of people that can't get along enough to create a cohesive platform.
Trumpsters at least believes the opposition like their candidates. Bernouts legit don't understand people not voting for sanders
Brilliant
You should open yourself up first to possibility of being wrong and then seek help. Anyone this convinced everyone else is stupid needs help.
I love these "I'm not a sanders supporters I just think he's the best candidate" people. Stop trying to trick us into thinking youre not a bernout
You mean fudge? Bernie is clearly dumbledore and every Bernie supporter us their own special version of Harry Potter.
Hey at least you didn't reference Harry Potter. One day you'll learn to stick to facts.
I don't currently see certain parts of liberalism being compatible with democracy. The biggest issue I see as a liberal is every time I diverge from the typical liberal agenda I am questioned on racism, luckily it's hard for cuz I'm biracial but still. While I think nationalism and people like trump and the brexit are a huge threat I think the inability of the left to do what it does so well, and hear all sides of the arguements is giving fuel to the fire that is nationalism. Nationalist ideas aren't new, the number of supporters are and the source I believe is closed minded leftists pushing away moderates with slightly different opinions.
But you used the same logic that you don't like being used against Muslims. Liberals judge all gun owners together and conservatives judges all Muslims together. Neither is good. I will concede there are issues the Muslims community must face but I think the conservative approach is too destructive and the liberal approach is too accepting.
I HATE YOU!!!!!
I literally asked a Bernie supporter one time if he could name reasons people didn't vote Bernie to prove this exact point. His response? "Clearly you need to ask his supporters for help justifying being a paid shill, sorry not my job" -__-
Are they really bonus at this point or expected?
Doesn't that assume literally no money was spent as well?
I love that I couldn't tell if this was going to be a sanders elections loss story or Bernie wandering into the wrong room story!
There are also polls showing that over 80 percent of Bernie supporters have switched to Clinton?
Actually lots of the classified material wasn't classified at the time. What happens a lot is material is made classified later when the state dep decides what is should and should not release
This question is proof you spend to much time in your echo chambers. It's all over Hillary subs, also Google.
Probably has to do with the qualifications to be labeled as an abuser, but that's just the guess in the moment.
The transistor was America.
Like we've ever let that stop us before
Well if we are going by a few commenters then Bernie supporters are still the problem. Actually yes part of democracy is comprising with others. When you hold an election you seeing which values the people support. If the universal healthcare platform is defeated those who lost need to comprise and can't expect to get what they would have if they had won.
If your goal is to spout your opinion and not defend maybe you should be "done here" before you comment
Why do you stretch that idea that people of same religion share more those of the same race into "must agree on everything". I never claimed all Muslims are terrorists or agree with terrorism. All I said is that those of the same religion share more than those of the same race. Race isn't a choice, religion is therefore those of the same race share more than those of the same religion. What about that can't yuh comprehend? Edit: Muslims are commiting terrorism all over the world whether it be Europe, Africa, the Americas or the Middle East
Yea but imma guess you have one of your own
Some of us throw with one hand but masturbate with the other. It's a tough world.
In my experience the latter leads to the former.
The life of a ft fan is a hard one
Muslims agree to follow the Quran. What do all Arabs agree to do? (Since you think people of the same race share just as much as those of the same religion)
Also you sound really racist, like I think all Arabs and blacks are the same racist.
No it's not. I was giving light to the argument that the right wing has against Muslims. You countered with an example about whites. I'm arguing that a group of people organized by race (whites) is a bad counter example to a generalizing a group of people by religion (Muslims) because Muslims unlike whites must choose to follow some form of the Quran while white choose nothing and must agree and nothing.
Honesty, circumcision. The lack of a foreskin makes sexual contact without lubrication hella uncomfortable, hence why a girl only needs to get wet and fingers are all she needs. Edit: first I'm circumcised and love it for difference reasons but biology is biology. If you think I'm wrong explain scientifically why the lack of foreskin has zero effect on the need for lubrication for sexual stimulation. If you can't explain scientifically you can fuck right off with your downvotes, they aren't meant to help you give yourself a safe space.
Again as someone who applied to Stanford to Michigan you still only go to one. Applying to brown and Columbia was was waste of my time.
That's not how it generally works. But rather than lecture you on why on Reddit I'll say good luck and you'll agree with me 1 year from now I promise.
Tier wise one maybe two in each tier, and only the ones that you feel a pull towards. Like usually people that can get in to any ivy can get into any ivy they put their focus into. And on the flip side if you can't get into any ivy usually you would thrive more an a slightly "lower" tier in undergrad. That's subjective btw, for example I think most top level state schools are better than brown for example. What you'll find very quickly is that the school matters a lot less than if you fit with it. And if you are pushing your application and not being the amazing person you are it's not the kind of place that you belong (working the night before tells me you aren't hair being yourself in the app). It doesn't mean you can't rule the world or become president it just means Harvard might not be the place best suited for you to excel. Again I'm just a guy in Reddit so take everything with a grain of salt.
And I think you're hung up "blank makes blank happen". When having a civilized conversation "blank makes blank happen" is a generalized statement. Example smoking leads to lung cancer. If you smoke but don't have lung cancer you not having lung cancer doesn't prove me wrong because I didn't say "every single puff of smoke leads to lung cancer no matter what and there are no exceptions". Same here, circumcision leads to nerve damage and I cited a study that wasn't even very one sided. All you did was say "I don't think I've experienced nerve damage". Which by the way makes no sense since you're not capable of making the judgement. Citing the definition of counter example demeaning and you no it. Defend yourself by respecting those you disagree with not by putting them down and feeling justified because trust me it gets you no where.
They raised you right. Candy land is just that, a place for losers to feel happy. UNO is fucking go time.
If she learns that lesion before 10 she'll rule the world
Did you just have that fucking list ready to go?
ex-gf used to give lots of head whenever she was on her period. Man I miss her sometimes.
That's sad moment when u realize the story is about a guy.......
Clearly never been to Wisconsin
Well other professions usually don't lead to emotional connections. I loved Star Wars and love the actors to played the characters I loved. Kind of makes sense. I don't really have an emotional connection to my local pd. I appreciate what they do but I've never needed to call so I have no real connection with them.
Read my comment again but maybe you missed the part about having a connection the the actors who played the characters I loved.
That's ridiculous. I have an emotional to Obama but I've never met him. Also by definition emotional connections aren't logical. The very fact that people say they have an emotional connection is all the proof you should need (and all the proof you are ever going to get).
Semantics. You are arguing people's feelings about her death, what is your point now? I'm saying people are emotionally attached to the her and given the huge character she played it's not strange. What is your point? That connection is two way
As a tracer main i must take this opportunity to tell both of you to fuck off to hell
Because they are supposed to be opposites. Thin privilege is something society gives to thin people and fat is something society makes up to punish fat people
Reddit doesn't owe you free speech. I suggest you learn about the first amendment before complaining about it being attacked.
Shit isn't funny.
No no no, he uses special mystic powers and a bo staff to defeat many armed enem...........FUCK
Red for power ranger and ties, blue for everything else
This person if clearly an angry asshole who was logically backed into a corner so he decided to start taking swings at the specific words being used than the overall argument.
Exactly and sometimes banning certain content will net a website more users, so it's not about free speech it's about content to attract users and most users aren't racist. Kinda seems like a solid business decision to me.
So what you're telling me is that we could convince Wendy's to sponsor an Asuka Langley skin?
It proves just like trump winning that our country is not owned by the elite, not owned by corporations but rather those who decide to be heard.
No, inhumane is a powerful statement. Not getting water is not powerfully cruel.
Saying Islam has and issue and all Muslims are a problem are two very different logical leaps.
Do you have a source for the idea that most people are racist or is it another SJW situation where you out your feels before reals? God I hate you sjw pricks that don't live in the world of facts.
You're the guy who asks people to switch in mystery heroes aren't you?
That sucks ass man. Wish you had better experiences.
Humor by friend, humor
Except you are using SJW tactics. You are using your feelings to argue about sound business practices and claiming ignoring you feelings is bad. That's all sjw tactics. If I were you I'd revaluation myself cuz you might be a lot closer to the left leaning nutjobs than you think
Lies, SAD SJW CUCK LIES
No you're the CUCK. See now you're even playing Hillary. Are you a blue haired lesbian who believes in the wage gap?
No you're the repeater. See I'm quoting trump again. God you really are Hillary. You sure you don't want to make up story about being harassed for being Muslim?
So Reinhardt?
Listen CUCK feels bitch. You and you're liberal pussy ass, can't handle the world not pandering to you need to crawl back to the Starbucks where you serve real mean like me and die. Enjoy voting for safe spaces.
Also you're account is less than two weeks old. Clearly an under aged Bernie supporter angry he lost trying to act right wing
Is 12 you're age, like most Bernie supporters?
You're angry a true right winger called you out as a racist and a guy who hates trumps America.
God you probably want to have your daughter raped because you're so afraid of being called racist.
You are a SJW CUCK angry that Bernie lost so you pretend to support the GOD EMPEROR when in reality you're an angry high school who just learned about the free market.
If we're honestly r/the_donald jokes always work, r/s4p not so much
Ha! I'm on mobile I see the thumbnail. But just incase I need to check.....
Yea ok
Love back at ya
Or Ana
Looks a lot like an actually dorm or college apartment. Hint: the actual random shit on the walls, girls do that so much
They've forgotten the goal was to exist as one.
Well they bombed it so we could have the freedom to go backpacking. This men didn't die so we could die a few generations later, they died so we could live amazing lives.
So you teach guilty adults?
It's about following our justice system. You are innocent until proven guilty and should be treated as such no matter the circumstances. Now given the evidence these bastards should be tried immediately and found guilty.
Idk man, the question is about fetishes a place where Harry Potter was bound to show up
I think that's a little different because people will slow down temporarily to avoid the speed trap and then speed back up afterwards. The idea of speed traps is to punish speeders (rightfully so) and encourage proper driving because you don't know where a trap might be.
But that's a whole different conversation than speed traps.
This right here is it. "Back in my day you could get calls and use the Internet at the same time." "But why would you call when you could txt?"
