God may have your soul.
The reason why Krakatoa is always in the middle of the ocean in Civ5
Thanks Lorne Malvo.
Mein Furher, I can WALK !
This. Gotham is for me the dark side of NYC. I always thought Gotham would mean "GOTHic AMerica"
What about a drop of gasoline?
Also, some Stormtroopers carry MG34.
A Bioshock set in a derelict space station, in the 70's. A kind of utopian orbiting-around-Earth station, built by both USA and USSR during a Cold War break. Full of vintage stuff, weapons such M1 and AK47, and ideology shit.
About the Express, I'm pretty sure the car we take in BS2 runs just on a single line, from Ryan Amusments to Persephone. Informations panels on the platforms show two others lines, without location names. But yeah, the layout is a mess, there is not even a hub to connect them all.
They do in vanilla.
Londoners becomes "Londonien", Parisian is "Parisien" in french. So it didn't bother me :) We also say "New-Yorkais"
You could be able to upgrade them in destroyers, if Combustion was discovered before Telegraph.
Sur-natural wonder
Funny to see a city growing but still with destroyed buildings. Also, Washington is the Barbarian leader since his country is first on the list by default.
Then you delet it? How can he come back if not in your territory?
The guy said he could feel his blood "like water". I assume none of the rapers wore condoms? They all gonna die from AIDS. Problem solved.
Also 4 spies sounds strange. Op may use a mod that unlocks espionage a the early eras.
not yet
Dat border expansion.
Hope she has range+logistics+extra movement
Why this should be hidden? What are these rules? I'm new to reddit. This image is actually quite funny.
Funny how they were terrible at naval warfare and exploration, although being an island country. Was that cultural? (isolationism and stuff?)
OP: It happened to me once: instant reload.
You can, if the CS is liberated. It removes a kind of lock that prevent you to pass through.
You can only in case of liberation.
ooops yes
Infortunately ducal stable wouldn't work with Keshiks since they are ranged units and not mounted.
Pre-BNW, France had both musketeers and FL. CHateaux replaced the Foreign Legion.
Yeah, the Boulevard Périphérique!
Why is the academy planted on the marble resource? It doesn't connect luxuries!
I love that comic author. This one is good, the nasty face of the waiter in the last case is priceless.
You did.
Actually it was designed in 1939.
Your scout seems to be sailing on drugs.
But... but... Ships of the Line???
You should have moved your settler on the horthern hill. More production, defense, and possibility for Machhu and Newschwanstein
Good catch. The more I see the Star Wars movies, the more I see details. I need to re-watch TFA a third time. I didn't know star destroyer could land on a planet, I tough it was only in spaceports, like when Obi-wan embarks.
Since the Tauntauns can freeze on Hoth I believe they are exotic species, from a less cold planet. Perhaps a hotter area of Hoth, I can't believe the planet is entirely cover in snow.
I read somewhere that the star destoyer's bridge was inspired by antique triremes, with the rowers standing into the pits, the officers on the upper deck, etc.
Play England with Great Lighthouse/Exploration bonus/movement promotion. Super fast embarked units.
Seriously? That cutaway which in the vehicles book?
THANK YOU !!!!
Here, an upvote for you.
How can light travel faster than light?
I don't agree about the ejecting scene. I like the editing as it exists. The fighter is shot, blank. Finn awakens under the burning sun, with the parachute and the seat, we understand immediatly what happened.
Fetchez la vache!!
Build the Terracotta army and get a copy of it, then get a copy of it, then get
"In this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second"
Russian paparazzis.
Good catch, ou can see the originals pavilions in the backround, which were demolished in 1937.
BUT WHY???
Do you live in the USA? I guess tracks must be the property of the railroad company, then parking is prohibited since it's a private land.
Spaceballs?
Well they are gunners :) I had the same impressions as yours, these guys are so mysterious. They operate the Death Star ray, the turrets and the laser guns. Their very special helmets must be equipped with some HUD system, for tracking and targeting I guess, and also provides protection against lethal radiations.
He rented it.
Remind's me Hitchiker's guide to the Glaxy, where they actually build planets.
Babarian babes.
Stupid question, the ship went to the lake through the city, which acts as a canal.
How did the ship went to the lake?? Is that a bug?
He eats beans.
Yes, OP spot is awful. Tile southeast Ankara would have give him River+hill+observatory
AIN'T YoU TOo LaZy to Call YouR Capital City CAP and YoUR SeCoND CITy CitY 2???
Imagine, being cut in half by the propeller... I wonder if they were made of wood or metal.
Canadian is like a smart US
Both cities are 1 pop, I guess he could have settled in Kili spot before settling his crappy second city.
tinypicnic
Happy Birthday.
Pax Koreana.
I would have settled on the snow hill right next the ice cap to allow a passage for ship and trade routes.
At least you have salt.
They use books in Jedi Outcast.
Thank you Sir.
What's the hype with Carthage? Ok they can cross mountain early, but in this case units would be slaughtered by city defenses, there is not enough room between the Venice and the mountains to allow enemy units to safely take positions.
In french it's easy: trirème.
UB. Cuckoo factory. Duuno what can it provide tough.
Usually, the tree leaf means indirect fire, and the lightning blitz.
PLEASE STOP DOWNVOTE ME U ASShoLES !!
Ah, Korea banishing the korean porcelain.
Awesome guide, as usual!
Nice guide: Good thing you're aired it.
rule5?
rule 5?
rule5?
Nice! Is the great Wall visible by other players in construction?
For a non-american, can you tell me which teams are playing?
Ah quelle guigne!
This and the crude map that reveals tiles of ice and plain ocean.
Le Français never se surrender! Jamais show the white flague! Honhon! Bring me some baguette and croissant and I'll show toi le true face of la France!
Triple orgasm.
Threesome canal porn.
That's the same pronounciation in Aurebesh.
Fritz Lang approves.
Also the binoculars and targeting computers use arabic numerals.
AN UN-DIDO BUTTON WOULD BE BETTER THE HELL !!
&gt; and basically a waste and basically a wasteLAND
Catherine is a bitch. Nuke her.
La lutte est réelle.
Mais tu parles espagnol? Et tu crois que tu m'impressiones? Moi aussi, je sais dire "allons à la plage monsieur Renard": "Vamos à la playa señor Zorro"
Pouvez-vous conduire et écouter en même temps?
Some reading if you have 2 hours train/plane ride. Then throw in the garbage.
Stop your bullshit Quatari propaganda.
I read new polder can be both crossed by land and naval units. So they can basically host a road and become isthmuses?
The Office UK is better than Office US. "grabs popcorn".
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhpO_WcR_jE
This technology is MINE !!!
Cloverfield 2
TO THE TOP !!
Pax Americana
dat rasist
Here, an upvote for your comment and a nice and friendly orange letter in your mailbox, without rotten eggs smell, I guarantee it.
First part with the staircase is actually a broadcast tower, OP fooled us by mixing two different facilities.
It's actually the top of a broadcasting tower.
You scared me.
Freazzing creepy.
WHY THE F*CK DID I CLICK??? I just couldn't stop watching..
These phones are from the early 80's, very common model in France.
Save your game and reload your game, Great WAll will spawn at your borders.
Or Catherine. She loves snow tiles. For the love of uranium!
It's an upside dow.
SCIENCE B*TCH!
You must put a citizen on that tile on order to work them.
I never used this Decision, but once you built it you have to opportunity to dismantle it (literraly), then you receive free great artists.
Still count as one.
This... this is awesome.
Building Châteaux only when you have Avions?? Sacrebleu!
Give American warrior-line units Shock promotions, you'll have Drill for free when upgraded to Minuteman. Otherwise you'll lose this little benefit. Do the exact opposite with "Shock" UU, such Samourais and Winged Hussars.
Serioulsy? Posts about canals are about 90% of this subreddit.
The whole story https://gfycat.com/EnlightenedGlisteningGreatwhiteshark
https://gfycat.com/EnlightenedGlisteningGreatwhiteshark
Play Civilization.
Sneak attack. Fetche la vaca!
No.
Exactly, like the city is on a river island.
Here, a nice upvote, and a warm and friendly orange letter in your mailbox.
I still haven't started a game yet.
Brace yourself, comments like "TIL scouts can attack" are coming!
A fridge?
Discover it first as Spain would grant you 1000 gold.
More GIF like this we need.
I'm french and I'm against nuclear power. They're going to bury radioactive waste that can stay lethal for 5 billions years in a mine. Great.
Triremes using arrows before archery.
My favorite too. Sounds so mystic.
Ironclads make a steam noise, like put-put-put.
NONNONNONONONONONONNONONONONNONNONNONNONONNON
Huns, they took from the portuguese list.
+1 for writing Rule 5 in bold
Longswordsmen when moving, they seem to be covered with saucepans.
Exactly, Austria never built sailed ship, but did build battleship and cruisers when it had access to the coast during Austro-Hungarian empire.
Rule 5?
Actually, your warrior hit a ruin (or sometimes called "good hutty") and was given an upgrade. That means, in game, they found advanced weapons (from where/whom, we don't know, it's a game after all) in old ruins from an antideluvian civilization and they decided, hopefully, to equip their small batallion with such advanced weapons. Ancient Ruins are the remains of earlier long-dead civilizations. They are filled with valuable secrets - gold, maps, lost technologies and sometimes even survivors - awaiting discovery by the intrepid explorer. Rich rewards await those who first enter an Ancient Ruin.
They do sometimes if they are geared to diplomatic victory (civs or CS will always vote for their liberators). Typically, Sweden.
The Military tradition policy from Honor grants you double XP, with the 2 starting promotions from barbs, you can reach march/logistics very quickly.
trololololoolooollololololololloollolllloloollololololoolololololollolollooolllloollollololloolo
Yeah somethin' like dat.
Read the previous post lazy boy.
Here, a nice upvote for you and a warm and friendly orange letter in your mailbox.
You can set the game to autosave after every turn.
Japan is no garbaju.
Funny how the workers are running away.
Beast Komment Ayver
Only "ancient roads" are made by trade units. later in the game, we'll be able to build our own roads/railroads.
That's what circuses (circi?) do in Civ 5 already
Circuses give happiness already.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Switzerland.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Gracias.
You mean, Rome a Carthaginian colony.
What's the one with the horn?
Consider yourself lucky to launch a naval invasion with Lizzy, her ships are so fast with the UA, great lighthouse, exploration bonus,etc. Playing naval with any other civ is a pain in the ass, especially on large maps.
I never do this, I always play coastal since I play England most of the time. Think about cargo ships!
Mont-Saint-Michel?
I never used IGE but I might to blow up that nasty ice caps that block the continents.
Hexacools are gon.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
CANAL CITIES !!!!
Great location for a canal city. Settle wisely!
Must be the Moon.
Compared to his low intelligence.
I love it because it's a premonition of Iraq invasion.
Chanel still makes perfume and clothes.
See, architects still make models.
Wow thanks for sharing. In the first there is a little character with big ears, at the bottom of the poster. Looks like the alarm guys in Bioshock Infinite.. What does he represent?
Where is your navy?
Do you have a cabin there?
Can cross mountains?
Dat legs.
No canal.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Most of these old pictures are documented, it's esay to find back the location. And Paris is a quite small city :)
That's true in the city core (touristic area). Go in the outter districts and you'll see modern buildings everywhere (basically former popular/industrial areas).
Don't worry, water will be high, it takes weeks to get back a normal situtation. The strike concerns mostly railroad employees, against a new law about working conditions.
TIL
THE BOMB DIDN'T DETONATE.
Why not.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Seriously? 7%? Mine was 2%, I'm going to finish to pay it in october.. How student do if they can't find a job?
As a French, I can confirm.
Elephant don't live in Sahara.
Your ancestor was 1m67, quite tall for this time! :) About the uniforms, I'm pretty sure they are not from the foreign legion, and not even french (not historian but French myself). French soldiers (regular army) would wear red and blue *képis* (those caps are peaked and never in use in France) and the famous "target parctice" red pants, FFL use white képis and big red or green epaulettes on shoulders Here some links with pics: https://monlegionnaire.wordpress.com/2012/01/02/foreign-legion-uniforms-mexican-campaign/ http://logoi.com/pastimages/foreign_legion.html I would say 1860-70 for the date.
