And swearing when in pain helps you hurt less! *the more you know star flies by*
I'd cave in for a snake. I'm not 100% in love with snakes but they're cute enough I'd be willing to learn, esp if it was a smaller one like a corn snake.
The color morphs are a reason I brought up corn snakes, I was somewhere and saw an exhibit with like 15 different colors and they were all so pretty! I didn't know some of the colors even existed. I like the idea of a pet snake, I just haven't handled one enough to be comfortable with it yet.
Holy crap! Those are amazing, thank you :3
Awww little snek has tent made of silly green paper! Such a bright fellow &lt;3
Plot twist: dad comes back to haunt him/her from the grave, but only to mock them more
As a left-but-closer-to-middle-than-not person who is a government employee, she needs to go yesterday.
..... no. Do not want for that purpose. Other, nefarious things? maybe. That? no.
Yes it does. It can exist, so that people not of that time can look at it, and hopefully go: Back then, those people felt this way. But there are other ways to be, better ways to be. We have changed for the better, this art tells me that. If we destroy it all, if we erase all the hurtful words and ugly pictures that have ideas we don't like, how can the future look at the past and see this?
I don't want children and I can tell you that's child abuse. That's insane and torture to anything able to feel pain.
when I played, we were both. Is that evil? But I was almost always the one (no matter the class) that would get bored of talking and planning (everyone wanted to plan out things too much) and I would go wreck something or blast someone or sneak off or ... you get the point. I also tried to hug the wildlife a lot. It never worked out :&lt;
My barb would take out doors and keep going XD but he was a jumpy-chargy-axe-wielding maniac so that's to be expected.
The pro-natal 'pweashus buaybwee' crowd :s The younger you are, the more you can stand/sit on the floor at someone's house/ ect. I almost ripped my SiL a new one once because when I told her kids to get off the couch so I could sit down (there wasn't any more space to sit) she made my brother move over and had both of the kids come snuggle on the love seat with them so they didn't have to sit on our evil floor. That was clean. Gaaaaah /eyetwitch So instead they make the loveseat strain. I was going to say more but got the 'cut it out, no use' signal from my parents.
Op stating that they have Autism just helps to frame that they don't handle contact and conflict outside of their comfort zone well. It was information that was relevant to the story, as the kids violated OPs personal space.
Thank you, that's what I wanted to say but didn't have the information/facts to.
That's pretty hilarious. I unexpectedly laughed and now my coworkers are staring at me funny XD
Tom Cruise on Family Guy: You can't catch me gay thoughts! /runs away
This is going to sound odd but the thought of nice little old ladies enjoying the company of kittens is a beautiful thought. XD
World of Warcraft has its own site. Its a cesspool. And many of the community sites *can* be that way.
Sweet! I've wanted to do one but admittedly too lazy to chop it up in Photoshop. Now I don't have to &lt;3 Internet hugs!
the kid was hindering OP's ability to work somewhat, that's no good. Kids 'helping' shouldn't be making more work for people that aren't their parents/care takers/paid to deal with the mess.
ohhh I'm gonna try it your way, that sounds amazing.
Ahhh so cheesy good hahah
I think that qualifies as an instant 'kill me now please' scenario imo
Oh well in that case, theorize on XD
And to you as well, lol!
Its less tit for tat and more a balance of give and take, imo. If one person is always taking from the other, that's a bad relationship because the giver gets nothing out of it. Time, money, and emotions are precious commodities, and if I'm going to invest them in you, I expect to have a return on my investment. I'm actually in the process of ghosting out on a one sided friendship. Well, there was generosity with money but everything had to be at this other person's house, their way and there was no room for compromise, and my emotions were discarded. That's a bad friendship to me, so I'm not gonna put up with it anymore.
You see their boob, they give you a tattoo. Is that what your looking for? Incase your legit asking, tit for tat is a saying that's basically like "I'll give you a thing but you also give me a different thing in return."
I haven't yet but these two are having me on the edge of such.
I see a lot of hateful comments about tumblerinas and such as that. YMMV
I voted dem that day. I was out voted : /
'think of the children' probably got this man killed when we don't even know what his deal was. That's a scary attitude.
It was highly likely a false positive. There's probably a lot of substances that trick the scanner.
I have flown. Screw pat downs that feel like sexual assault. There's more efficient and effective uses of MY tax money to combat security issues over whats currently used.
'Grope those other people just not us!' Asshole.
It is. Running from the cops is dumb. Fighting the cops is dumb. But there were more of them than him, he only had the vest and the air soft gun, and there was no way he did anything remotely justifying deadly force. I added my edit after reading the article more to show that I had read it and not just commenting on the headline. Either way, this is pathetic on the cops part. Man broke a couple laws, but nothing they shoulda been 'fearing their lives' about.
Blizzard made the plague as part of the Lich King launch event. They then disabled it because of this. EDIT: I know I'm wrong, just didn't delete it b/c there's other comments now.
But no brain
Sorry for your loss. He looked very hot back in his day, and he had great tastes companions! I don't know if this photo encompasses the essence of your father to you, but overall its a lovely photo and regardless of if you use it or not, hang on to it. &lt;3 internet hugs for your difficult time.
He looks so fluffy and regal and .... I want to hug him lol.
Its mount floofleopolis!
Poor thing is sick (with illness not how it was born), I hope it gets better :&lt; I think the idea of using the dog as a therapy animal for trans-gendered persons is interesting but in the craze of trans-gendered persons, don't forget actual inter-sexed persons that do exist. Not that they're a persecuted or targeted group over anything else; but the dog could help them as well if used as a therapy animal. Edit: not sure why the downvotes? I can only guess 'craze of trans-gendered persons'. I am aware of the battles such folk face and support them some of them; it just seems because of Jenner a lot of good and bad attention has come to their issues as of late. Also seems like a hot topic thing along with gun violence/police, terrorists, and SJWs. Not my intent to offend.
The ag-gag laws disgust me. They got passed recently in NC, and I just hate it.
Its'all good /handshake
with certain preparation and cooking methods they would be but the average person wouldn't go to that effort/wouldn't know
its funny to watch people's reactions to realize that.
Did you go play kickball after 1.? Because I would be really tempted...
I didn't know about the Raleigh one. The more I know!
That's very upsetting to read. I used to drive through that area often to visit my grandmother in Danville, VA, and it always seemed to me that it was a shabby area in need of a facelift but I never realized it was that bad.
Could he be cremated, *then* his ashes put on a boat that is burned in a lake? Or is that also a nope?
Its not fun, happened to me in a sexual assault situation. My brain said 'scream! cry! run! do something!' and my body went 'nopecan'twon't'
'Mom, that's not where that's supposed to go.' Poor Leo looks understandably worried XD
that's hilariously evil. Also: I am an IT lady who can actually cook quiche since that's relevant XD
Log into the firewall and block facebook, youtube, pandora, and netflicks. Watch the campus burn.
Not really ocd but very meticulous and beautiful in its own way.
Aw kitty looks so surprised! That's adorable X3
Depends on what they are raised with. I've seen different pics of lions/tigers hanging out with dogs of various sizes before. If the big cat hangs out with little kittles all its life, it might be okay for them to hang out and get along. Not the same, but as an aside for size difference: Our horse loves cats and other small animals. He's really gentle and likes to lip at them a bit. Only ever had one cat that liked it, the other two hate it, and our chihuahua isn't fond either. But Buddy grew up with barn cats, and had one in particular that hung out with him and slept on his back so he likes seeing small animals and if he sees them around he is more careful with his big hooves.
That is so heart warming and sweet :3
Do you mind giving any light details? Nothing overly nsfw as this isn't labeled as such but I'm curious....
What's so sad about it, is that America as a country doesn't have as much of a rich, documented history as other places. And incidents like this just destroy and undermine what history we do have. There's plenty of rocks in other places.
Which reminds me, I need to find my Canada buddies from wow. They were fun! And defied the 'normal' Canadian sterotypes really. Except for being very polite, lol.
the news the other night said you had betters odds of getting struck by lightning WHILE drowning than winning. Which I was amused by.
Interesting! Thank you for sharing! Note to self: Suicide watch in prison/jail sounds 1000x worse than normal prison/jail
I look at it like South Park: Everything is equally fair game!
The grave is probably on private property so probably something something vandalizing private property?
That's amaaaazing lol.
Its a 2015 and not a 2016? Fuck you mom! I hate my life! AUGH! ANGST!
Jokes on you, rapture happened during maintenance :&lt;
fresh, crusty sourdough bread. /drool
Oh I agree, overweight critters need help. Sometimes people just don't make clear enough distinctions in their speech and I wonder if the person who said 'fat cat problems' meant their animal is truly overweight or was just talking about having a 'large' cat.
I need to do #1 more, lately my friends haven't been on my ark server and a pair decided to start hanging out on a different server most of the time, so logging in to be alone has kinda gutted me a little. Been trying to play other games instead :s
Jakku? That place is garbage!
the ports make me cry sad tears of sadness. Sad. Tears. Sadness.
Right!? Looks like a mini exoskeleton. Slap that in a dark hallway and give it a jump scare, and you have my new most scary Five Nights enemy /shudders.
There's no right or wrong answer here. Some people would 'step up' and do it, some can't or won't.
*heavy breathing* /s Yea that's so weird... does no one think they're sharing with paedos or something? Or that people without scruples wouldn't use the pics for nefarious things?
'I feel meh' 'Why?' 'I dunno.' 'stop it!' '..... what part of depression makes you think that's a magic button!?'
I got a free cupcake, soda and chips at work today, they were all green XD I can relate!
the people that make the game look pretty are not the same people that work on npc/player interactions, quests, and mechanics especially in places like Bethesda with large enough staff to have different people handle everything. We can have it all if they would try to give it to us, but they want to streamline it instead. I'm not a published gamemaker but I've studied the industry and am educated in game design. Even if I weren't, anyone can look at anything with a critical eye and say what does or doesn't work and give feedback without being a whiny snot about it and be helpful and productive to the community.
I think the baby and the mom's foreheads make contact and you see who has the harder head.
A place to strap down pet beds/extra stuff/groceries?
That sounds so nice and awesome. I wish dealers and manufactures in the US did that.
depends on what you do. I have a ford Ranger and my parents have a GMC Acadia, both get used to haul animal feeds, the Acadia gets used to do grocery and SAMs shopping and some furniture and lumber shopping. My truck is used for hay, lumber, composted horse poop (amazing fertilizer), recycling (big loads at a time), mulch, and anything else that's too big or messy for the Acadia.
Blizz only released that patch because they knew I started playing Grim Dawn /grumbles Stop stalking me blizzy!
I never played a lot of megaman, but I knew just enough to immediately go: huh, that's megaman sounding XD
a d3 mmo would be interesting, but it won't happen. But in the realm of dreaming: Yea, a M rated-gritty, grim, game that fleshes out chars, maybe has humans, and some weaker-than-their-normal kinds of races to be (I like choices other than human but that's just me) like maybe lesser angel, lesser demon, ect. You can follow the named Class Characters from D3 per Heroes of the Storm, Diablo/Demons or whatever the remnants of the angels are up to as factions, but all races get to choose.
Maybe. It don't bother me though, I know at the end of the day one friend is still my bff even if we disagree on this point (she wants everyone to be friends forever and doesn't want to recognize that some friendships need to die) and the other has become a more distant friend anyway because he isolates himself to be with his girlfriend (self imposed, the girl likes hanging out with us) That's so annoying though that they can be so charming! Because the blimey bastard is! Took me butting heads with him over DnD and some other things to wake up to what he really is.
Oh that's a good point too! If its in an mmo, its gonna be sexualized. Even the little tarutaru kid looking things from Final Fantasy 11/14 get that treatment (I Noped out of that corner of the internet when I stumbled into it @__@)
My best friend with a pre-order of Legend of Zelda:Twilight Princess HD with Wolf Link/Minda Amiibo.... well... I'm hosed, I'm pretty sure she can beat me up and my weapon is not helpful!
'fight' ;0
Well... this one worked out well for you XD
well its probably heavy so you could whack his head with it?
Someone read my palm in highschool and said I'd have 3 kids, 5 grandkids and be a rich old lady. They're wrong on all accounts. Although I wouldn't mind being a rich old lady...
Cancer, stop taking great people at 69. Do it at 96. NO WAIT.... do it at like 106. 136. Never? I'm just.... worried about Betty White now D:
sweet! Looks like my gpu is supported (gtx660ti) so saved and gonna try at home to see what it'll do. Will try to remember to report back when I do it.
And what kind of SuperMom would I be if I didn't get my angelkins whut she waaaaants!?
that was my thought too. I quite like the idea.
as IT staff, thank you :3
But what about when I scrape my knee and I need to clean it? :&lt;
I get what you mean :) I think dragon is fine, if you looked at a skeleton of it, it would look very similar to a standard type dragon save for the head honestly. Just feathering a dragon can change the look of it a lot, and I think its really cool to have feathery types too! Reminds me of a dragon drawing book I saw once that had scaly, feathery, and poofy furry dragons and it was very interesting to see them all contrasted.
I know right?
That better kill me because if I knew who did it, I'd kill them if I were alive. Having said that, I'd come back to haunt them until they died unless they were also immortal.
I know a couple people in my small town looking to do EMS. Raleigh or Charolotte would be your best bets or near those areas for better jobs and pay. I know the area I'm in just north of the Durham area doesn't have that much open atm, there are some private EMS folks but part time is about all that's being offered from what I hear my friends talk about. Chapel Hill would also be a good area to look because UNC is there, and its very close to Durham and fairly close to Greensboro and Raleigh.
I'd say try the larger areas, I live out more in the country and there's less opportunity it seems like. A few months ago my buddy talked to someone from one of Wake County's hospitals and they do a fair amount of hiring, pretty sure they'd have at least private transport if not fully private ems.
Ark + Final Fantasy VI Open world, building, taming (but uh, shorter), crafting of Ark. Characters, story, Physical world, gear, magic, creatures of FFVI. Tame a dragon? Sure Make a steampunk castle? Why not? Wait! Tame a Magitek armor then run roughshod over Kefka with it? HELL YEA. (Along with the dragon, and I guess supporting party members? and whatever else is laying around the cool steampunk castle) Or maybe the armor would be crafted from parts from killing them in the wild? Ok that part's fuzzy, lol.
Awww, maybe your cavalier is just reserved XD the new friend looks so happy though. They are both adorable little fluffy guys.
Diesel is so adorable! I love the coloring on him/her (guessing him?) and just the expression on their face.
I want to hug the both of them! The black one has such piercing eyes and the Belgian looking breed in the back is just so fluffy.
I dunno :S I went to best buy first and it said out of stock but people are saying they got it there today so I guess the internet wants to be jerks to us!
Some people should never reproduce. He obviously proved to be one as he let a flaky teen girl sway him to allegedly kill his own son. The article stats he was jealous over the kid as well. Unfortunate the mother didn't get a chance to keep her son or anything, but she hasn't spoken up so we don't know her end of the situation it seems. (as far as their arrangements before hand and such)
&gt; Land of the free! *terms and conditions apply
I love the Belgian breeds I just get them mixed up XD Shepard; the m one and there's one more? But I love the dogs like that, they're so pretty and have such character!
Nice XD
Raven gets a little chilly so I put him in doggy clothes sometimes. I really think he's adorable in this sweater. For anyone curious, he does have an eye growth. I have an appointment for him about it. He'll probably have to have surgery for it, its the second one on that eye he's had; he had the same thing happen last year. Just want to answer that question/comment before it happens.
So you can go see her and throw a rock at her for us collectively, right?
Awww yeaaaaa!
That's a really neat effect! I love it XD
I did this to my best friend once... I can't even remember what I dreamed, but it was so real to me at the time that I was upset almost all day. I talked with her about it and we had a laugh but its creepy how real the dream felt and the resulting anger/upsetness I woke up with.
Wow. If the person that wrote this walked up to me and said all that, I don't think I'd be able to not react unpleasantly. Or I'd sincerely wish someone would stuff a tube up his arse and let a wild pack of beavers chew out his rectum.
Its lovely and sums it all up pretty damn good! And the background is quite interesting too. The only issue I have with the background is that in a very few places the white text and the beige color kinda blend a little and makes parts of it harder to read but that's just a really nit picky thing.
Using only the finest catgut and horsehair?
So true, I was the surprise that started forming 4 months after my mom had my sister.
That is sad. My parents made jokes like that, but they are both retired now, and seem really happy! My dad basically had separation anxiety from her from the time they became close (she told me she'd kill me for saying this next bit but she don't know how to reddit) He even used to cry when she would leave for work. He's got depression among other issues and does better now, but despite anything else, they really love each other and like being together be it doing house work, going to town for groceries. Or doing something that horrified me because it caught me off guard the other week: listening to old music and slow dancing in the living room. I mean, its good to have a little time apart if you need to sometimes, but yea I think its sad if you can't handle a few weeks with more than normal amounts of time with your SO.
Its okay, they're zombeavers, so not the same as normal beavers.
My brother got a girl pregnant at that age, my mother helped arrange and pay for it without letting HER parents know! At least that's the impression I got years later when hearing about it, it happened when I was 3.
Truth. She went on to marry someone else besides my bro and she has like .... 3 or 4 kids now? My bro had a bad habit of sticking his stuff in places and not uh... taking enough precautions. He has children on several continents now thanks to being in the Army. And of course he ends up with a thundercunt SiL and 2 annoying ass kids.
I'm frightened of guns and you said triggered, reported!
I'd crawl in it to make a point. Well, in theory. In practice I would con another adult to lol.
I was going to say this but you beat me to it! XD
I think there's two types of millennials: normal people and people that try to exemplify the short comings of of their generation. I'm the former and loathe the latter.
if they know about it for months, they can save for months instead of at the last moment like they probably tend to
that implies they're independent pests that need to be dealt with, we can call exterminators for that, right?
Right? It feels weird. Full cgi movie would have been amazing.
Its okay, Leeroy brought his own!
Graaaah! Get that Dude and give me his table!
But but... cosmic rays is how you get super powers :S
Why not both? ;)
Freedom! /bounces away
not many, I have anxiety and I am... the opposite of skinny u.u
Yes, yes he did :)
I'm in Roxboro, snow capitol of the Piedmont region. Local weather shows my area getting some mystical amount between 3 and 12 inches, lol.
if I get 3 feet in my NC town, I'll be out of work for a week but town will get back to rights within a day or two. Working for a school, I get snow days XD
Maybe no one can spell her name the same way and that's why? I only say that because it could be the reason.
Nala is so freaking adorable in every pic XD give her a big hug from Reddit :3 ...after you clean up that dirty, dirty face, hehe
He looks like the tiniest, wisest Jedi. Sorry, Yoda.
I have a white short hair, I have to keep my work clothes in a closet in another room to keep his hair off them XD and of course the time he wants to sit in my lap the most is when I'm in work clothes about to leave. The time I babysitted Fluffy, a fairly good copy of Pepe here, there were tumbleweeds of his fluff everywhere. We actually shaved his belly and legs to lessen that XD
Poor foreground kitty, I think that one got uppers instead /hugs for foreground kitty
So cute! Those piercing blue eyes are such a great contrast to the shot, too.
So cute, although the angle and the sweater make the one dog look like it has a super duper long neck XD
Holy cow that's scary to hear about from your mom.
Too much money involved on their end. Otherwise I would, if things were handled more fairly. I have A- blood, no fear of needles, and decent veins. Although I did volunteer for the school's pathology students to stick me, I got stuck in each arm. Was interesting and kinda fun in the weirdest way.
wibbly wobbly, timy wimy?
It had a cloaking device. I'm just a smart ass but I am actually interested as well. Although would the size and distance of the orbit have anything to do with it?
Oh that makes sense, thank you!
The coastal state that's the REAL home of the first flight of a plane by the Wright Brothers ;)
That duckling is so cute at speed walking!
I like what you propose here. And yea, I was confused when the giga came out and it was so fast, the dossier made it sound lumbering and hella slow. I think something close to the changes you suggest would be amazing, and it makes sense to have nonfighter dinos be the ones that are siege animals and need protection in a raid situation.
That you find science interesting, esp at a crime scene!
.... &lt;3! That is best Gronk, I didn't know I liked him until this picture, lol. Thank you X3
I like the comic-y vibe it lends to the piece but I can see where some might not find it appealing.
Awww cute babies! I'm a sucker for a pair of black and white kittles, as my boys are a pair like that.
He or she just needs a green and gold collar :)
YES. Is anyone in here a TV exec? Because this would so work.
Aw, Parrot, you ARE a pretty bird &lt;3
Oh my! Chip is so adorable~ Glad you and your new buddy are so happy together! I love the look of his ears and how he has a fur ruff, he has personality it seems like :)
He looks so regal and patient, and then there's just this Trumpee on his head. Its just amazing. And many of these comments are great too. Bless you, Mewster Trump.
Oh jeeze, all the milk and bread will be gone up in Roxboro. XD Joking aside, thank you for this! Interesting to see what other sources are saying besides the normal ones I use.
Aw, so sweet! My white one is better about it than my black one, but yea he comes and lets me hug an cuddle the crap out of him when I'm upset or sick. Cats also make the best hot water bottles
That's amazing looking, I love how the lights form an almost halo effect around the mountain. Thank you for posting!
came to make that joke, already here. Good. /nods in satisfaction
Man I love those stairs. I used to do ramps or ladders, neither of which pulled off what I wanted to do most of the time. Much happier with those stairs.
For profit healthcare and insurance, what could go wrong?
I'm glad you got help for your wife's issues, I truly am. But if things were run more honestly, I'm sure her bills would have been much lower in the first place. Having said that, I hope she continues to do better.
hospitals will also upcharge procedures willy nilly. While my mother still worked as a respitory therapist, they got a new doc who seemed to order a ton of EKGs more than all the others did. Before the new doc was around, an EKG was like 1-200 or something like that. Or for my example, lets pretend that cost makes sense if it don't. After just that one guy started ordering so many, MANY of which WERE NOT NEEDED, the hospital big wigs decided to set the cost of an EKG to 800. Not just big pharma and insurance companies screwing us over.
I work at a Community College in IT, even on that small scale its like being David fighting Goliath to get infrastructure upgraded before it goes to pot. We have 15 year old servers getting ready to go down any time, and people wanna take the money out of our budget for things they should pay for like projectors. The infighting over money to do anything is insane, and I imagine only gets worse the more macro the level is.
I want something more cutting and less family oriented for commentary. But yea, kinda like that but more... edgy? Bob Saget being the real Bob on that show would have been hilarious.
Aye. My mom had a few health issues but ultimately she retired at the end of 2014 because a company was buying out her hospital and she hated the small changes taking place. My brother still works there in a diff department, he updates her on what goes on as far as the take over goes, and she stands by that she's glad she left when she did. They not only nickle and dime patients to death but also jip non-Administrative or doctor employees as well quite often. Modest bonuses at Christmas and turkeys at Thanksgiving were reduced to just a 50$ Pretaxed Board of Commerce voucher, so after taxes it wasn't even worth the full amount given. Positions cut or just not filled. No feeling that the Board, I mean, the COMPANY that owns the hospital gives a real shit about anything but the $.
It's disheartening to hear stories like this and so many others, I hope in the future you two are able to find better providers /internet hugs
I'll have to check that out
They were the target demographic of the article?
if you add like a couple teaspoons of sugar, it'd cut the sharpness of the tomatoes as well. I do it when making sketti sauce, you don't get a sweet taste at all and helps cut down on time taken if your in a time bind.
Nasa's funding came at a price. There was something shady hanging on the back of the bill. I can't remember what it was at the time, but it was hinky as hell.
I'm pretty sure if Texas sided with PP, they were innocent!
Just having the feathers, even if you picked it up off the ground, is like a 10k fine unless you are a native american with the right paperwork for the individual feather if I recall correctly.
in addition to what Fatburg said, other services like Amazon might swoop in and fill the gap Walmart left before the small businesses can even get their feet off the ground again.
When I got a smart phone instead of just a smrt phone, I told myself I was never ever putting facebook on it, or using facebook at work. And I barely look at it on my pc at home. Sometimes I just look at it for funny pics, but then I see something that irritates me and ... why the hell haven't I deleted it yet @__@
I'm just amusing is name is Incognito. . . hope the game is a good one!
wow. . . that's very messed up
so they're basically saying no sex until 2018? bleh
Your son sounds very mild on the spectrum. There are people who suffer, and whose entire family, suffers greatly and has little normal quality of life. Likely people like that would be more likely to seek out a cure. There's a difference between a little different and 'can't function on a normal level at all and needs 24/7 supervision for a lifetime'
Limit with reasonable consideration sure, but the kids are there as part of their survival/human shield kinda set up I'm sure. Not everything can be 'because children' or things can't function, like trying to handle this situation. Its all hypothetical at this point anyway, I'd rather this idiocy come to an end peaceably myself.
I relate to you in some ways I think. I've never liked being a girl, I've never been girly. I literally hate my uterus because of reproduction, and the issues its given me that are medical and have nothing to do with me reproducing. I hate being suck with this thing that I'll never use and makes me sick but will have a hard time getting rid of. Oh, and don't forget how breasts are another defining feature of our gender. I'd be happy without mine too. I draw sometimes, I had a (former now, thank the gods) friend tell me I didn't draw women with big enough boobs and so they weren't attractive enough. Just... ugh.
True dat!
I actually kinda like that. Might name one of my dinos in Ark that XD
Saqueisha, Maximilian-Talen, Jaerith, Kiwi, Keannie
Tell her to use Fuji instead XD
I wish that always worked. Some people just don't want to unify against narc bullshit &gt; &lt; /sorry having my own difficulties in that exact area
the kids wrote on your walls? Damn, those kids suck! Sorry they scared you :&lt; My fam would have been out there chasing fuckers off XD (we did Halloween at my grandparents house every year, with my aunts and uncles there so there were a lot of us around to keep an eye on any dodgy lookin punks)
the point where they can cure it in the womb that easily is probably a point where gene editing and designer babies is happening and probably at or past a point where things would get dicy anyway.
A kind of flytrap A voodoo Lilly; it could be planted and grown to keep Wild dinos away from an area with its bad smell Cockatrice- mythical beast that could temporarily stun victims with its stare Giant praying mantis -- rideable and causes bleed damage when its claws hit; has good jump too
