I felt the feels
I just hope it's not another cat :(
6pm in NYC...what's the problem? Looks normal to me. Every road red with an accident...check.
He was highly flawed, but you see the world through his eyes so it is very easy to relate to him.
He was a gray character in Life of David Gale. While for altruistic reasons, he allowed some really shitty stuff to go down.
I would argue he was the good guy in Glengary Glen Ross. You might have hated how he chewed out Jack Lemmon, but he was just doing his job as head of the office. Also it was one of my favorite roles of his: he was relatively unknown and surrounded by Legends of acting. Yet he was able to shine as brightly as every one of them.
41yo here. Loved the Farcry series. Also Fallout so far. Yet, I am a patient gamer, I can wait till it goes on sale. I am still waiting for GTA V to drop to 30 or less (we'll see what happens during the summer sale)
The ones that got me were: Of course I cheated and I had every right to because.....
Only with guys shitlord...if you want to prevent rape culture, feminists should only date feminists, even if straight. If you have straight sex, you are contributing to the patriarchy. ^am ^I ^doing ^this ^right?
7) some do, but it's usually more women who will shame other women who are sexual. I don't see it much anymore with the younger crowd.
This is a retarded article... Come at me xir!
Someone seems to be trying to make another go at it, even if not the original group.
Doesn't mean a bunch of kids are trying to get another one going. I mean, their parents will pay for a lot so who knows. I guess we will see when the times comes.
Same show: Pounding the pussy: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7uxj6vwAb1qciqjmo1_500.png
This made me very uncomfortable. Can I yell triggered yet?
Now you did it Shitlord. Now that you have apologized, I can refuse to accept it and bash you even further for no reason other than to espouse my superiority. I have to be doing this right by now.
They'll find the driver. Cases like this get solved. Way too many cameras around and kid dying is high profile.
After the blood bath it fell apart to me. It just never carried the momentum and skill as the first half of the movie. Ben Foster's role was great though and worth it just for that.
The mods of that group were a-holes themselves and were not that great. I don't know if they participated in the transgressions, but let's not kid ourselves. It was a shitty sub that was run terribly. Had the Mods had any control, they would not be in the position they are in now. I do know that there were pics that were stolen from certain sites and it took a lot of effort to get them taken down. One site was a BDSM social site where the pics are the property of the site and the poster. It was posted by a member who was basically a FPH type guy and called out for being an ass to other members on the site. As revenge, he thought it would be a laugh to post their photos on FPH. This is DANGEROUS, as it basically outed people who might have had their livelihoods damaged.
Imagine if Feminists were as disgusted with females who: cry rape to get back at men when no rape occurred or they just regretted it later; faked pregnancy so they can keep their boyfriends (also the women who sell used pregnancy tests to these females) ; who want out of a marriage and then claim abuse so they can get an edge on child custody or alimony; who verbally attack other females for not agreeing with their definition about how the world works; If they did all this, feminism in the west would not have the negativity associated with it as it does today. Then we could all work together to build and maintain an egalitarian society where the measure of a person's worth is not based upon race or sex, but on their actions and deeds.
Instead of a station, how about a planet? Also they could have a funeral with a funeral space barge you can follow for a few jumps till it hits the orbit of the memorial planet. It then shoots the remains to the planet (just like in Star Trek 2). I think it is okay for a planet, as there are many planets with just (planet 1b, ect) as the name.
Let's be honest here. Once the pain started, he was already at an advanced stage. With Cancer and other diseases, you need to get screened BEFORE signs show up. This is part of what the ACA was designed to do. If you have any health insurance that is ACA compliant your check ups and screenings are free. Everyone, find a time to go for your yearly physicals and don't wait for the last minute. PS: Sorry for your loss
Reminds me of the CK Louis joke where the doctor was like "Yea he probably has a bunch of tumors in his head."
No, you see. Guys are supposed to make any advances. Although, if you are wanted, it is reciprocated, and if not, then you are a rapist.
[another love story](http://imgur.com/555hb3D)
I think a lot of the posters in this sub are like: http://imgur.com/gallery/WaZGn
How is it compared to a MKIII?
I am guessing it is pretty heavily armored so even if you are getting your ass kicked you can jump away.
Not every company does this. Just look at Activision, especially the CoD series. Unless you think paying more for a 4 year game than a 1 year game is sale. I actually think Bethesda is doing more so we forget the whole "paid mods" debacle.
While that was one thing I thought of, I thought that having the ring would be even more dangerous if they know she was the ex-khaleesi
Are we really sure? It's almost too perfect. Even if not, it's kind of like MisandryMermaid at this point? It is just like fishing in a koi pond, just too easy and there is no need to get the fish out, you just go to the pond to visit the new fish.
You do have to remember that movies take some time to make. Just the actual film shooting was over 70 days. Then there is the prep for the role (he had to get more tan than he normally is, maybe work out to be more buff as he had to appear 'alpha') Then there is post production work (often actors will re-dub their voices for the film or even do reshoots after the main filming is done). Then there is doing the pre-release tour to get the word out (even for a film like this, they need to do the press run and everything) Basically an A-list high profile movie can take almost a year of work, so even getting the scale fee is money earned. On top of this, there is no guarantee there is another movie lined up right away. Some actors can get steady work right after every film (Samuel L Jackson). Others will do one movie a year, like Tom Cruise. Now if you are in a b-role and don't get steady work or really high pay like either of these actors, 60,000 can hold you for a while till you can hopefully get another job. Not to mention that the pay comes without deductions so they need to pay their own benefits and taxes (remember what happened to Wesley Snipes?).
See another dentist. It shouldn't hurt. I had one done, it was painless. The only thing that happened was at about 1am that evening I woke up, felt like I had a really bad toothache for about 10 mins, then it stopped and never felt anything in that tooth again.
Basically it takes a few episodes to get into it as it doesn't go for flash and it is setting up the whole series. As such, once it hits it's stride, it rarely lets go and it becomes one of the greatest media experiences you can encounter.
Looks good, but wasn't supposed to be released 2 years ago? I am worried that we are going to see a repeat of WatchDogs and it will be some great ideas, but won't live up to the hype they are projecting.
I feel as if she has been in the longest "friendzone" ever. She was willing to live a shitty life just to be with her love, even if not returned.
I noticed that a lot of it is perceptions and what you already have. I just think it was a shitty sale because I was expecting GTA5 to have at least a 20 dollar drop and be a highlight. Adding a "money card" and selling it for the same price is just insulting. Nothing else really looked worth it to me as money is tighter for me right now. Hopefully things will be good for the winter/x-mas sale.
Good ol' Cobleskill. If you ever want to see the most pathetic State University Campus, go there for a visit.
no spoilers, but will say it is one of my favorites and it will be one of yours as well. Edit&lt; I watched it early because I have work related stuff later today and was going to miss it anyway.
Unless you come out as Transblack, like the ex NAACP chick.
Basically every restaurant I have ever seen on that show was so close to death, it would have taken a miracle to keep it open. Let's face it, we should celebrate the fact that the show has kept ANY restaurant open, even if by accident. The worst one was the Indian food place with the roaches. It kept me from eating out for a while afterwards.
Yea, I don't watch it. I just watch the Adult Swim shows to fall asleep to, and for regular times only SU, Adventure Time, and if it's on and I am working Gumball. That's about it.
What happened was they were forced to give up their tips. It's scummy because people were giving it based upon the service of the waitress. A lot of people would not have tipped if they knew it was going to the house.
The fact it was in front of Greg. And Greg's reaction was amazing, just starting as he tried to remove the record stylus from the record.
Not sure. If I recall it was in New Jersey if I am recalling correctly.
Well let's face it. The police are made up of a larger percent of high school graduates who couldn't do much else. Of course they are racists. I feel the cops are more like the crew shown in Generation Kill. You have a small number of elite people who are smart and know what the hell they are doing. A whole lot of people who will do their jobs and follow orders even if retarded. They also are usually racist, but not mean people in general. Then there's Dave "Captain America" McGraw, who is going to end up shooting first and asking questions later.
Just think about this, most of us have flash drives larger than this HD.
You just fucked up my day :(
The comments remind me of the scene in Jaws when the Mayor is talking about the bounty on the shark and Quint scratches the blackboard to get everyone's attention and to remind them that he is the professional and stating how much it will really cost.
I think this is expected. Some people are grab one popcorn at a time type. Others are grab a few or a fist full at a time.
But they are not immortal (at least not how we take it). If the gem cracks, they are no longer the gem they were. The shards might live in some fashion, but it's not the same. This is why Garnet was so overcome with horror and grief when she realized that the shards were forced into fusion (also that they were former friends as well, but they are nothing but monstrosities now) Obviously however they view themselves, they don't understand organic life and most gems probably see it as a nuisance. It was Rose who first realized that humans were something to fight for and might have intelligence. In terms of reproducing, this is what the Kindergarten was. There is probably something special about Earth (it is rich in organic material maybe) that lets it be good for this, however it is at the cost of the planet which would die out. It is similar to a Virus that reproduces using a host cell, but doesn't understand that it's reproduction, might also be it's destruction. Sugar is very aware of this and it's why the vessels in Kindergarten all look like virus. So in this case, Gems are like Virus. They are set and very few will ever grow in maturity beyond a dumb virus. Who knows what that means for their society, I guess we will see in future episodes (too bad we don't have future vision)
While one of the weakest Marvel movies IMO and easily the weakest of the first phase, it's not BAD. Just partly bland (except the Hulk scenes themselves). Also who's idea was it to get Omar Little in the movie and not even give him a speaking role?
The original cut was bland. The Director's cut is literally one of the best movies of the year. Also Norton does such a great job, he kills it, even though he wears a mask the entire time.
The first one was decent. It was a bit of a side step as it didn't really top the previous pixar movie in terms of quality and it was done during Pixar's Golden Age (where everything they were putting out was 5 star, top 100 movie quality). It was more marketable to kids, even with some of the adult themes, but the adult themes were more innuendo type to go over kids heads. This contrasted very much from the current crop of pixar movies which are more adult movies if you think about the themes yet they were family friendly. Then the 2nd movie came out and it was clearly a kid's fart jokes are funny type of movie with very little for adults to enjoy. As such, they get a lot of hate as it was the first 'chink in the armour' for Pixar and showed they were not some perfect studio that can do no wrong, but they were like any other studio and that they can make mistakes, cater to the dollar, and make bad films. Had these movies came out during the era when Brave came out I think people would be more understanding about the quality of both movies.
First thing you should check is the head gasket for leaks. A lot of car parts places will rent it out, but you can buy it for cheap (about 25 or so).
Make sure there is an inconvenient self destruct button that will easily be pressed though. Also make sure whatever it is will help Phineas and Ferb get rid of their latest summer creation before they get busted.
Toy Story 2 and 3.
There is a lot of Nietzsche philosophy in Alan Moore's works. V for Vendetta is one of the darkest books I have ever read in this regard.
Probably not, but A lot more enjoy the stupidity of it.
Most of the sex-positive feminists I know are bi and play mostly with other woman. They PICK who they have sex with. They are not into forced servitude. Also, the ones I usually interact with in the kink community are not the raging psychos I usually see on tumblr, but the more logical types (although there is always overlap) This is why the sex-negative feminists are the worst. They are just as bad as the social conservatives who want to control anyone else's sexuality (against gay sex, kink, ect). It is all about control and nothing else. These are also the psychos who argue why gays are terrible tools of the patriarchy. Two guys having sex has nothing to do with feminism, yet they find a way to make it their issue. In almost any other capacity, these people would be ridiculed, yet in some academia, they are exalted.
Broker in CT. The exchange is fucked. I know dozens of people who were kicked off both their regular insurance and Husky because AccessHealth said they requested more information, but nothing was ever sent out (till they got their letters saying they are being kicked off). What's sad is that the CT exchange is one of the better state exchanges. I believe the ACA is in a lot of trouble and if things don't improve it will not be around for much longer.
Seeing that the CT exchange is the only one to remain profitable, it's not surprising. They actually just got rid of all their own brokers and they will now handle Husky applications while pushing regular applicants to companies like mine (or they can just apply online which is an even bigger disaster). PS: If you don't want or need subsidies, don't use the exchange, it's just extra red tape. Also use a broker, they are free (paid by the insurance companies) and the costs of the plans will be exactly the same.
Basically. I didn't mind the whole twist though as I enjoyed it for what it was. Hopefully they will do better with the next movie.
The books were so much better, but it was still a great movie. Yes it was the right thing to do. You might not like it, but it's a fucking cruel thing to do to steal someone else's kid because you can.
I was just thinking if I were to just buy a cheap fridge for my room in such a case, I would probably have to fight over it later anyway.
Well lots of fucking and sucking of course both strait, gay, bi...threesomes, foursomes, moresomes to start with. Think of a kink, it gets indulged by someone. I have seen sploshing, piercing, bondage of all sorts. There is a rope place where people just enjoy tying and suspending people. Pet play and age play are standards there. There is some primal type play (think about burning man, but much more highly sexualized than it already is) Then you just have people walking around naked or in leather, latex, spandex or whatever floats there boat (even the occasional furry, but whatever)
Remember kids, they did fuse pretty easily. Rose is kind of like a 60's hippy though with the free love if you think about it. While not one sided, the level and type of love was probably not the same though.
My speakers are great. I also use a logitech mouse for my work laptop that so far is great. I also have a spare keyboard in case my Amazon Basics craps out (I will eventually get a mechanical, but money has been tight as there is only one income right now).
I enjoy both a great deal. My favorite tea is Earl Gray. Right now Twinnings is my go to (it used to be Rishi, but it is now way too smelly now and taste wise not as good as it used to be). For Coffee, Melitta's Vienna Roast for a nice tasty morning cup in winter.
Just a line, one measly little line could have saved this and been okay.
It's never a question of IF, it's a question of WHEN. I lost a whole shitload of media on my external (which uses the internal). 95% was/is replaceable, so not the worst thing in the world, but I am still building back up to this day.
It's an amazingly well made snuff film, but that is all it is.
It's actually one of the few movies that transcend the "misfits become champion" movies, in that they are winners and they have to integrate and yet not lose. It is one of the best movies in the genre. I respect your wish to not see it, there are a few movies I know are great which I just never seen (mostly because I have never been in the mood to watch them)
There are a lot of amazing movies in the genre. Some are not really scary, but they have a horror tone to them.
Not here, not in /r/movies like a dumb animal.
I liked it a lot more than I thought I would. It was better than Red State in that Red State feels like it should have ended better. Tusk was a perfectly made movie of it's type.
I hate his personal life. I still think he can pull off any role he puts his mind to.
If it doesn't lose it's momentum, it will easily be a top 5 of mine. I am always afraid of shows that are still on as the chance of the quality can always go down. 10 years ago I would have said Simpsons and even then it was not as great as it once was, but it was still awesome. Now the later seasons just ruined the show for me for the most part.
I was happily a vegan. I started because I got really bad food poisoning from something I ate. I think it was pizza if I recall correctly. Once I was able to eat anything ever again 2 days later I just ate things with no animal products (except honey, I kept it in my diet). Cue 6 years later, I met my now ex-wife. She ate meat, she would cook a lot of things with meat. I slowly started to eat meat again. I kind of regret it as I don't feel as healthy as I used to when I was a vegan.
As an american who cannot get the real thing here (just can't find the cheese curds to even make my own).... I sooooo want this to try
Jose Caviezel did die. Jim survived and is continuing to make movies and shows.
I still like salty bird mom
Holy shit, I forgot I had this as well. It was pretty sweet (as well as a great game I was glad enough to buy again). This game got me through 9/11 when I just had to stop watching TV and would play this to forgot things.
Things happen. Our thoughts are our greatest strength and weekness. Can you recall your thoughts at the time? Did you just get a bad feeling?
Some of them have good fresh local meat. Most others carry the one in opaque packaging so you don't see what you get till you open it. NEVER get meat you can't see.
A wedding ring.
I liked a lot of the training scenes also.
in conjunction when he finds the scrapbook and realizes she was still updating it for him.
Michael Bay is the master of this (I guess his films cost so much to make as it is just CGI and explosions). Transformers (especially the last 2) were just loaded with ads.
I think if they just did that for most of the movie, it would have been much better than what was released.
The credits scene of The Watchmen. It told a lot of the backstory parts of the comic with a great song and great scenes.
I wonder how much Feminists would have loved the book/movie had the wife gotten away with setting up the guy and he went to jail/put to death for it? Because obviously if a guy cheats he deserves to go to jail, deserve to die or more. This is why I often see them show so much love to the posts by girls who destroy every worldly possession by guys they 'think' cheated on them.
I choose male as my gender because I was born with the sexual parts and chromosome of a male. I don't feel dysphoria and I like how I was born. I only recently was bombarded with the notion that because some men in the past treated women like shit, I should feel like shit even if I treated them as equal to me as human beings. As such I did not grow up hating myself for being born. Does that answer the question?
Well, I kind of do agree with the point she made about Tim Roth (it's both true in fact and how he played the character as well. I think Roth was passable in the role and he usually excels at all the roles he normally plays, but this felt like it was not for him). However, (spoilers ahead) it was a great movie that had racism because it was set right after the Civil war with people in the Southern States who fought it and had a major character who was black and wouldn't kowtow to the racists. Also one of the racists still turned out to be a good guy who ended up helping the black guy. If Samuel L Jackson (who got his start as a major actor and still works with Spike Lee) has no problem with the racism QT puts in his films, then neither should this person or anyone else. He does it for a reason and every time it is purposeful.
I loved how Days of Future Past erased it and a few other movies from existing though by altering the timeline.
It's my understanding, but I might be misinformed. Edit: I was misinformed. I heard that Daniel Craig was tired after filming because he did two movies in a row and I assumed they filmed two Bond movies together.
Pretty much, Blofeld is supposed to be an ongoing character (like in the original bond films). In this case, he was arrested so it's just a matter of him being broken out of jail and continuing on.
So this is how a horse wears pants. I guess it's settled guys.
I poop in #myCalvins
Oh dear god, kill me before I get to work like that.
I don't mind being productive, but I have a tendency to get shit done and quick. Then I have too much free time on my hands and hours to go till quitting time. What else should I do?
Unless I am guaranteed sex by the person and they are attractive (especially if it doesn't matter how bad I dance). Then I will just give in and enjoy.
There is one in CT I go to because I have a step daughter and I like having her enjoy the rides. I don't care anymore myself, but it's not for me, it's for her. Also they have a water park and it's fun to just chill in the wave pool for hours while she does her thing.
This is the only time I can enjoy watching sports actually. Watch anything on TV? Fuck no, I don't give a shit. Take me to a game...GO LOCAL TEAM. Its the enjoyment of being with other people and their energy which I enjoy.
"I know" _ Towlie
Those mother truckers turned down a 1000 dollar loan when I was buying a couch for my new house. I guess I had good enough credit for a home (after the 2008 housing bubble burst), but not a couch to sit on at home.
Steve Carell deserves the Oscar for this role. Once again he proved he is an amazing actor who should get more dramatic roles.
No, I wouldn't mind having a kid, but it has to be with someone at least somewhat responsible. I knew I didn't want kids with my ex at one point because I realized she took no responsibility for either income, house maintenance (other than cooking dinner), or being a moral center for the family.
When my father died I lost it at the funeral and cried up a lot (I didn't wail, but my tears would not stop flowing). There were fucking assholes that came up to me and told me to be strong. Could you assholes give me some room to cry? I think I became even more socially inverted because of these asshats. If I can't cry at my dad's funeral, when can I cry?
The Killing Fields. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087553/
I am in a state with one of the better run exchanges and it still sucks (and made me leave the industry because they fucked up and had me lose a shit ton of clients when they dropped them for stating they never got the required documentation, yet they NEVER sent out the mailers to them). Even when I started scanning in documents for the clients, there would be issues.
Kill Bill is a pitch perfect film. While a lot will say Pulp Fiction, there is some wear and tear for me and I won't leave it on if not in the mood to sit through it. I feel a lot of it has to do with how people tried too hard to emulate it and we got clones (some good and some bad) of this exact style of film. KB however is just perfect. There is not a single bad aspect to it at all and I just see it being more watchable in 50 years than Pulp Fiction will be.
It was in the Breakfast Club Soundtrack. Sorry I took it and gave it to your Nephew.
I just left the insurance business (for the most part, keeping my license so I can still sell occasionally). I have seen a lot of fucked up shit. One company still puts out those boxes you see in the pizza store or Chinese food store where it gives out 'free' child safety kits. Once there they put on a video which tries to scare you about funeral costs and sells shitty whole life insurance. The problem with this is most people don't understand the different types of life insurance and are not sure which ones to get. Simple whole life is the most expensive vs. what you actually get upon death. The company I worked for before I left was more about pushing it's supplement insurance on every other sale you made. It was good insurance and a good alternative to Aflak (which is only for groups) while theirs was only for individuals and families, but I hated how I was supposed to push this on people who usually came to me for Health insurance after they just had their hours cut by whatever job they work for so the company couldn't pay their insurance at all.
I had a manager who learned to say "It's nothing bad" when he did this. Every manager should learn how to do this.
What's best about the "getting the other person to change" is that if you acquiesce, they will break up with you and say "You are not the same person I fell in love with".
You have to look at the whole industry and problems it has. Sorry to say, but the thousands of frivolous and fraudulent law suits drive this. I tapped a fender in my only accident. And seriously, nothing happened. Yet the asshole still sued and claimed nerve damage.
I wish InFamous was available for the PC. The PS3 is in the living room and I don't like to hang out there.
On another note: FUCK HOAs
So Basically it sounds like:, rather than understand Charlie made the show the success it was they decided to be assholes and kill him as the finale?
It was a great show to watch once, but I find no repeat value to the episodes (and we make references to the best parts anyway so no need to see it)
I would say start with the Meeseeks episode and watch the rest of the season then go back to the earlier episodes. Once you get a feel for how much better it gets, you understand why the first few episodes were missteps (still better than most everything else on TV, but below par none the less)
I just started to re-watch it for bedtime (I need something to watch to fall asleep to). It is consistently awesome. Even the worst episodes are better than 99% of the crap on TV.
I must be one of the few people that thinks it was an awesome movie. I know it gets a lot of hate for winning best picture over a few others, but it's no reason to hate the movie.
Same answer I gave to a question yesterday: When Marge Gunderson is driving Peter Stormare back to Brainerd in Fargo. Her speech just tugs at my heart so much: So that was Mrs. Lundegaard on the floor in there. And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper. And those three people in Brainerd. And for what? For a little bit of money. There's more to life than a little money, you know. Don'tcha know that? And here ya are, and it's a beautiful day. Well. I just don't understand it.
Lola Vs the Powerman and Moneygoround is one of my top albums. When I play it for people they love it and start to groove. Then Lola (which everyone should know) comes on and their eyes just light up.
The problem with these sales is they probably cannot really afford said vacuum and bought it because of high sales pressure. They would have been fine with a 200 dollar model for a few years .
Not go to the local High School and go to the better one you have to apply to. The difference in my outlook on life would sure as hell changed and I wouldn't have been so cynical about my prospects on life.
My camp used to take us at least twice a year. At least once an outing some kid got hurt pretty bad and dozens of burns from the alpine slides from kids falling off. I miss those days.
"are you sure your not a Hobbit?"
Nope, when she got sick, she went to the best American doctors and took the same painkillers we get. That is hypocrisy for you folks.
I saw the midnight show the Thursday before the actual release because I really wanted to see it ASAP. I think I was kind of shell shocked most of the movie, then when I was driving home I just fucking lost it and cried for like 30 mins straight. It really fucked me up good for that whole weekend.
People forget that some dealers are good at their job for the most part and being good means not be glaring targets. They are dealers so they have money to pay their bills and other necessities. Also they treat it like a job just like most others treat their jobs (just with more risk). So being a decent tenant would not be a surprise.
When I got a PS3, it was the same. But then I remembered I had a laptop and would do the same with movies and browsing while playing PS3. I might actually go and play something this weekend (it's been a while since I played Journey or InFamous which I can't get on PC)
Seriously, I don't spook easy at video games and find most "horror" genre games to be terrible because they are not fun and not scary. Alien Isolation was one of the few that worked for me.
Just like Aerys Targaryen wanted to do.
I am usually one who can't tell the difference after being on this sub and reading stupid shit all the time. But there is no way this is not satire. It reads like something 4chan would do for shits and giggles.
He should play a bad guy. It would be like passing down the reigns and give him some really good publicity.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-MiF8_7xJIfY/URbFMoXHTxI/AAAAAAAAAKU/nWMEvEtnFe8/s1600/MaggieGWhyNot.gif
How about honors (listed along with honors from college)?
Something funny in /r/funny, awesome.
I'm not surprised. I have seen WAY too many 'hatchet guy' juggalo tattoos than I cared to ever see. Although I still want to go to the gathering as an observer, kind of like Dian Fossey with the chimps.
This is actually dependent on the context. Some people will just say I am sorry with such contempt that you can feel the "I am just saying this to squash the argument". When someone is saying sorry with that type of contempt, I have no problem saying "No, you are not."
It's an art house type movie with Hollywood backing. Truthfully it should not have been enjoyed by so many, but thankfully was.
Everyone wanted one. Except the people who pay the money to make movies.
It wasn't awful...It was soulless. There was never a feeling of excitement or anything else, but it's not as bad as the clone of Sin City which was "The Spirit".
There were so many time when they could have made this as great a movie as the first two. They could have kept the original story and kept Tom Hagen in by paying Duvall the money he was asking for. They could have gotten ANYONE to play the role given to Sophia. There was a few other things, but these two are the main problems.
I remember a youtube video where they point out that younger males are more likely to be snubbed or just be nominated and not win (and explained why DiCaprio still didn't win). I think Michael Jordan will eventually get an oscar, but it is going to be years from now when he is older.
Too early to tell, ask again later.
&gt; Guns, drugs, porn. That's what you get on the Dark Web. Sounds good to me.
Eggs 8/10 with rice 10/10
Mine must be defective because he acts retarded a lot of the time.
I though Uniqlo had them a few years ago again, but alas, no one bought them.
The cold war turned into a cold acquaintanceship.
Super happy with my V-Moda crossfades and they were like 75 dollars on sale on Amazon one Xmas.
Lollapalooza and when it was a traveling venue. Yes there is still a festival, but lollapalooza will always be associated with the 90s to me.
I tried through the media server itself which opens up a tab in Chrome (my main browser). I also have the Windows media center (I run win7), but I found it difficult to use (mouse would disappear and I have a multi screen setup making it cumbersome to use) Edit: I just tried the media center again and so far I got my mouse back on the secondary screens and it seems to be playing directly (as I didn't sign in). Does that mean once I sign in it will continue playing directly or will it try to stream it (going back and forth through my internet?)
This is good. Sometimes movies should NOT have sequels that bring down the original. Did anyone see Dumb and Dumber 2? If so, did you actually like it?
left over steak with eggs is awesome. The only acceptable substitute for Bacon
The Abortion is the director's cut..
Very much so. The scenes that were put back in were great scenes, but they KILL the flow of the movie.
Nah, still hate green peppers. I will accept roasted red peppers, but not order it per se.
/r/android ?
Actually when it comes to Ubisoft, I will now "test" out games before I give them my cash. Last one I spent money on was FarCry 4.
close enough.
You sure do use your tongue prettier than a 2 dollar whore.
Jedi Academy for me was awesome. I forget which one, but there dozens of cloned Jedi attacking for all sides at one point and it was just bad ass.
And it's time to get ready for work/school and you missed bedtime again.
The problem is, they keep giving it to people who are not good writer/directors (at least for this type of movie). STOP giving it to directors who have no large scale movies to their name and writers who have mostly worked on television.
I have my slingshot ready for my first free gift...
Cause nothing really matters to meeee....
Bad as it was, it fit the shitty TV style at the time. TV was really a wasteland during the 70s. There is a reason only a handful of shows really still get mentioned and shine in all that shit.
I only saw it on youtube on a channel making fun of it. WOW, What happened Kirk?
People are free to speak their mind, but other people don't need to remain friends with someone who says hateful things.
Never forgave Rivera after that. What a waste of time that was.
I am still very liberal on social issues, it's just that I understand the difference between certain issues and don't equate one with another...
tacos and movies/tv shows
Number 4 seems to be more for weed. The vial holds keef or ground up weed, the aluminum bat has one end that you pack and you smoke through the other end.
Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale...Very tasty, but stronger than I really wanted (a good 4% would have been a bit more relaxing and I could drink more and just have a nice warm feeling)
A lot of people pointed to spotlight as the surprise of the year, but The Big Short was more entertaining while still going about uncovering an important historical issue.
And rightfully lost. I think Steven Spielberg's name always gets sympathy, especially when it is a more serious movie (which I will agree this tried to be)
There used to be insults and now jokes that Atheists eat babies: https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/33fi1g/why_do_people_joke_about_atheists_eating_babies/cqkesrt The person who made the comment was just making a joke based on the actual video of the sim eating a baby. I think he/she knows that you can make the Sims anything you want.
Yarp!
And then they made a quick cash in movie... I hate when they do that.
I am an IT reseller...Chromebooks are great for schools or companies that use it strictly for their environment. Otherwise, they are very limited.
Both have some issues that are important, but OWS movement seemed more like a tailgate party during a hippy concert (and I have seen Phish and the Grateful Dead enough times to make this comparison). the BLM movement is even worse in that they take important issues (unfair treatment by police, racial profiling, ect) and turn it into a "Fuck white people" rally.
They do have more privilege, but unlike Caucasians they don't get told to check them..
“I swear to god, you could drown a toddler in my panties right now!"
Same, I feel like that Gandalf.jpg but I don't even know what to reference.
Let's face it, His casting of Eric MADE True Blood. If it had been anyone else, the show would not have even made it to 7 seasons.
Jazz hands is the new clapping.
Well let's discuss this. I will give the movie credit for one thing: The casting was AMAZING. Let's face it, Ryan Reynolds is Deadpool (and the recent movie shows this again) among other casting choices that were great: Sabertooth, The Blob, ect. The writing was ham fisted with so many cliches that just didn't work. Oh, and speaking of Deadpool, they basically went from making Wade bad-ass awesome, to a lame mute Deadpool. Unacceptable. The CGI was also a factor, it was VERY poorly done. There was a scene with a motorcycle and a helicopter and for the life of me, there was not a single part of it that felt real. Here's a hint to movie makers: if I am watching an action scene and if feels like CGI, then I will not be amazed, I will be bored.
Had it once. I am in the same boat. I don't even like bedsheets anymore because I think it hides them. I check my bed every day and threw out hundreds of dollars of items and clothes because of it.
Follow any type of sport or famous sports star. I couldn't give a shit if someone is going to break some other asshole's record, it doesn't excite me AT ALL.
CT here: they are more passionate about the Yankees/Red Sox rivalry than people from NYC or Boston
Same. Until the Disney shows came on (Duck Tales, Gummi Bears, ect), most cartoons were just commercials and poorly made. I mean, I loved them, but nothing got close to the quality of the cartoons like Looney Tunes or Tom &amp; Jerry.
Can someone explain WTF happened to John Carpenter? He made some of the greatest movies ever put on celluloid, then he started to make crap like this.
Yep. I use my desktop every day, it replaced my TV and I can just relax and enjoy looking at stuff while a movie or TV show is playing on the secondary monitor. I bought a Fire Tablet a few years ago and I don't think I used it more than a handful of times. Such a waste.
If mine wasn't stolen I would still be enjoying it. It had a few good solid re-playable games on it. Too bad Sony sucks and they make the overpriced proprietary storage for all their shit.
Porno for Pyros..... I had seen Jane's Addiction play before and they were amazing, especially the concerts they put on before they hit it big were just raging and fun and musically pleasant. I went to see PFP and while it was not bad musically, it was 50 minutes long and that was it. I guess I got used to seeing bands play for like 2 hours or 3 or 4 hours with a break between sets, but holy shit did I feel suckered. Also there was very little improvisation of the music, it was straight up, no variation.
