Rainbowsix, game is like bf4 content with csgo competitive. Im a poor guy :(
im sure theres much of guides out there, but i prefer to hear from fellow redditor's - As a prot warrior, how can i keep much aggro and not get "out" aggro by big dmg by your teammates? Im lv 71 so i have a pretty good size of skills, but i feel like sometimes when i pull alot, theres always that 1-3 npc going for healer,ranged dmg.
what watts do u vape on?
i feel like tos brings back old mmo genre feels making players more social like they were back in maplestory, ro,etc
this is well detailed and easy to understand, thanks! btw will my lantency on online games such as csgo,wow go from 20ms to 300?
its red horse
MMorpg is the next big thing
where did u get this ?
One way to track down gold spammers, When we get those surveys, make sure it tracks our blocklist.. So the high amount of names being block = gold spammer, ezpz
what rank do i need for that?
clicking client doesnt do anything, also do u know whats the required ms?
i hear ingame under 70 is minimum for kfm..
i heard this was not accurate at all?
nah u just cant aim/time it right.. bns introduce me to this new action pvp feel.. just gotta get use to it. its not ur typical tab targgetting locked type, it requires you to move your mouse more often
game went from being fun and knowing your teammates are on par with your mind level, to i gotta carry this shitty silver 4 while the rest of are gold 1 and diamond 5...
nah u just suck
irrelevant
irrelevant
is there a way to contact support to delete my character? 7days for lv 20 alt is too long -.-
The division.. hyppee!
lv 43 vs 28 dafckk
summoners were a pain but i figure out how i can beat them, just purep ressure on the player not cat.. make sure to Q . E aloooot... if ur up close to them, its an ez win.. spam tab as gap closer..
am i the only guy who doesnt give a shit about the drop of graphic quality? this game is the game ive been wanting as a fps/mmorpg type player.. hyppeee
havent been on ecr lately, did u guys announce the flavor for Mr. E? my guess was pixie candy powder
what can we use gold for anyways? im new and havent even gotten to cap
Nikita Chuck
got the code! ty, is there anyway we can predownload
lv 20 is best early lvl to start, i reach gold at lv 26.. only loosing to summoners and fm cuz their cheese at low lvls
cuz their bunch of fat greedy cash grab company.
play a class that requires skills?
too bad this game is click to win =[
is there any guild wars?
is there any stream now? its 28th for me
if u read the damn Post, im asking how will classes be balance when the new patch is up ( lv 50) -.-
ur soo cool
u need to download wtfast, and run division through there.. its a common issue. and the only fix we have for now is that u use WTFAST
i have settings to low-med, but still getting constant freezes in party plays ( medical hospital/stadium dungeon/mission )
4 classes and still unbalance lmao.. also having to only zerg vs zerg sucks, looking for 1v1 is a pain..
just recieved a txt saying, my tmobile hotspot is at 80% and at 100% speed will be down to 120kbps.. im using tethered as my internet for my pc ( usb connected to my s4 ~ pc ) but it also stated that my data on my s4 will still be high speed, is there anyway i can use that as internet through tether ? ( newbie here )
im stupid, i thought i needed mobile spot to use tethering lmao.. btw, does x-amount of uses = decrease of speed?
found a fix, once im ingame ( character login ) i exit out of wtfast.. seems like the vpn was the problem
did we get any patch?
first character i played was assassin, got lv 15 and went straight to gold lmaoo. assassin controls the match all the time! once u learn your skills its fcking a walk in the park. Anyone who disagree is either an assassin or just trolling. If u want a real class, go kfm or bm..
can u share this :)?
never heard this site, did anyone else buy from this site?
not sure if ur just a white knight or blind... assassin is pretty fcking simple class, stealth &gt; dmg &gt; re-stealth &gt; apply bleeds &gt; stealth &gt; win.
ur tl:dr has about the same words and numbers of sentence in your op.. Lol
ToS
is it better to have both leads in the same top holes for 1 coil, and the other coil both in the bottom holes?
i have this pre-made fused clapton coil dual. 26g/36g Kanthal wire 6 wraps.. should i lower it to 5 for a 50-60 watt evic mini mod? or 6 wrap is enough for the evic mini
this shit getting me light headed, and i never get light headed from vaping.. ( i have all my juices 3mg ) do you think its safe to vape, and ill probably get use to it?
is this a bad batch then? or its just a very old juice.. i feel shit after awhile of vaping this ( after a few puffs )
im looking for a simplier UI addon, sort of like WoW-Bartender i just want to tweak the placement of health bars also show my cd's ( like omnicc in WoW )
I mainly wana go magicka cuz i heard stam dk only spam that wrecking skill.. im a main DPS dont really care much for tanking,support
so any weapon set u listen above works well ? or does one over power the rest in terms of DD/survivability
what build do u recommend for magicka dk? upon doing some more research, ima main magicka.. also is dunmer the masterrace of magicka dk? as for leveling, should i focused of s+shield or destro and for 2nd weapon set restro staff?
Is there any major advantage of going dark elf? i really like AD ( not ep sry i got mix up with the two lol ) cuz i hear they have alot of pvp guilds, and a populated pvp community or is EP currently the most populated community for pvp? Dark elf or high elf? also for weapons, is staff best for leveling? then level s+shield at max level for pvp?
Im currently using destro and its really fun, im surprise how i have to really pay attention and not spam skills due to the NPC actually moving,attacking at this early level. As to build wise, im def going with magicka.. But i can't really give you a specific "role" other than DPS, because i have no idea what DK are in endgame PvP.. other than burn your opponents with fire. Like posted, i prefer melee overall. What builds would you recommend for high potential Dmg, while having survivability as DK? mind giving me some general build routes? then i can decide for myself what i would be aiming for in endgame. ( mainly PvP, and PvE for gearing up )
Daddys milk b-x vapor.. yummmmyy
ESO best community mmorpg ive ever experienced... i even made a craft-or/dealer that makes me gears each 10-20 levels lol ;D
so im not destroying my gpu? the sound of the fan seems like its about to come right off the case lol
can it handle long term play? 3-8hours non stop, or should i take a few breaks ( shutting down game, letting it cool )
Dungeon fighter for monk
isnt velocity a dual coil rda?? how does she vape single coil?
for that nb, what race do u recommend goin as ?
make ur own damn build!? lol, if u have tried "all" and still need other builds for you to play, is sad..
which is more optimal for high dmg, and fast kills? 2h or dw
just out of curiosity are you a mageblade? whats your generally thought on pvp as a mageblade? (do you find yourself lacking in certain areas, thats critical for NB, but makes up for something thats worth it?) Would u say their a threat in pvp?
REKT
i did 28/32 fused clapton, pretty hard at first, but i got use to it.. ( went through 70ft of wire on the first try lol )
I would like to get Mad max
WHat rank are u ;)?
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura without CP ( pvp wise, and leveling 1-50 )
currently 50% discount atm!.. if u wana buy through official.. but g2a has it for $20 iirc also, game is evolving... zenimax does weekly q/a for community, and every 3 months we get new dlc/content:D they stated we'll get housing,and capes !
publisher for western is aeria games GG
gw2 hss no mounts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
Dont get imperial, imo its not worth it.. but you do get the race, mount, pet.. and other small bonuses https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
theres no momthly pay, once u buy it.
might buy the xm300, looks good. But hows the life span on it? ( have you hear any clicking issues,etc )
my first mouse was D-A.. loved it! does this mouse have any problems with clicking? ( as a gamer, i click almost a million times a day )
tbh, i prefer they put up new pvp content rather than another new quest expansion.. us pvp'ers are dying for anything new...
Ecigs death - 0 Cigarretes - ∞
whats the difference between an unwrap battery, and a wrap battery??
yo mind sharing me ur spots? im currently in pc, and no one here likes to grind
what mouse would u recommend me, price range under $50, but feel free to include some really worth spending mice
i play on what i find comfort, back in 1.6 iirc i was playing under 1 sensitivity lol ( was using deathadder ) But now im not competitive anymore, i just play for fun on csgo.. although im really hardcore on league, and Eso
im worried how the server system based are.. since i heard you can play on custom mades ( like cs custom srevers, surf maps,etc ) will we be able to use 1 character for any servers?
its new, straight from the guys coil case
yea thats the way i did it, and the coils are new. neever been touch
Tank tracks !
PC, NA-AD how much will it cost to buy a full "new player" package set? im a Stam NB, and looking for complete set ready. - Levels 25-49 sets - Hunders rage 5 medium or night silence? ( prefered blue or greater ) with exploration traits
Typical ill just tell them to stop and defend, if were behind so that we can farm. If its middle ground, no one is on advantage, ill just help.. as gold can be earn when you fight..
it is a mobile game, thats taking them over 2-5 years to release lol..
Just go and buy ESO, reminds me much of GOT
why not ask in zone chat for group? then join as random dungeon? or u cant in vet levels?
just a curiousty, whats your goal as a developer? also are you focus on parts for PvP contents, or more so polishing the game/ pve content
you dont really use controllers for World of warcraft-type games.. theres atleast more than 12+ skills to use.. also its more efficient. But if you do plan on using controllers, i suggest games that support and is playable using a controller like The elder scrolls online. Or Tera but these games are high end graphics, and im not sure if your pc can handle it..
People tend to go the meta weapons cuz its faster, what i learn from this game is, do as you pleased! anything works
leave ur pc on for the night.. game is big and slow download after 80% its fast.. ( i have fios internet good internet speed, and it took me 2-3hours )
what passives?
hey, i just started pvp'n recently, im lv 18 atm.. 2h/bow.. im wondering how do i deal damage efficiently? Im sort of confuse as to, whats my skill rotation? i typically go with, poision injection &gt; blur &gt; ambush, switch to 2h &gt; spam wb, maybe hit once for brawler dots,shield &gt; spam more wb &gt; back to ambush for stun or ultimate siphoning &gt; excute/wb ( and somewhere between i use cripple ) yes im low level, but i do love to min/max as a pvper For my bar i have - WB - Brawler - Excutioner/Crit rush - Blur - Cripple - Consuming darkness My 2nd bar its my leveling bar for pvp, basically 2 skills of bow, shiponing ultimate and other nb skills from each tree to level.
what i found out building, more wraps = lower ohms.. typical 5-6wraps is around .5ohms dual
do any of you guys have some footage of massive zergs battle? i wana show my friend how amazing this game is from 1 clip.. but all i see in youtube is how much they criticize the lag in pvp lol
so i can be lv 1 grinding at a lv 30 zone? or levels is remove from game??
why is it, my cottons always seem to taste burnt. but when i check, theres still a solid moist spot ( maybe 2-4 more pulls before it goes fully white and need of a wick ) fused clapton 28/32 kanthal, 5wraps on 58w velocity rda.
made sure their evenly pulsing, i have ocd with building lol.. although im not sure if this actually creates friction but when i wick it, i sometimes touch the coil with my plastic unicorn bottle..
i vape all day every day yow
this is the reason why i quit gw2. although it doesn't bother me much, as im more of pvper and will most likely get all 4 classes to 50 before this stupid content hits.
this is whats wrong with companys, they cater to casuals/new players, and not the community of the game who loves the game.
sure! always love to see healers doing what they do best:) btw do u know a good stam dk race/ what weapons i should be leveling with for pvp
ok i just checked my 10ml bottles, and i forgot i vaped them alot last time, so now ill throw it my silly rabbit 30ml 0mg with the 2 5ml juices, creamy latte and convicted melons.. http://imgur.com/FZqGwZ4
will do! sry im busy atm
ok updated!
updated!! if u dont like silly rabit, i have moo fields.
around last week
sweet! btw do weget the crowns when we buy eso+ or it comes later after the next month u pay
all? 15$ which gauge u want? runnbl3@outlook.com
if your rushing to endgame, then yes go research about what build you wana use, so that you can focus on leveling the weapons skill set, gears,etc. But if you just wana take your time, then feel free to do whatever you please.. this game has no hard set-meta. Anything WORKS! you can be a mage class using duel wield swords/daggers and still do well. or a rogue-type class with heavy armor set, and restroration staff and be the best healer in your group! Also make sure to read all bookshelfs ( dont really have to read them, but just click on it ) since it gives you free level up on a random skill tree must have addons -Skyshards -Lorebooks collect them. skyshards - every 3 collected, you gain 1 skill point lorebooks - this is the way to level mage guild
paypal
looks clean, but when i zoomed in the middle of the right coils in the right picture seemed to be spaced out.. great first time tho!
do they give better exp than the regular zone? EP?
im curious to this aswell, is the leveling at wrothgar faster ( quests gives more exp, and shorter ) also is lv 15 a good level to start leveling there?
pvp rip!
Games been getting aloooot of DLC in the past year... and their still putting new ones later this year.. can't ask for a better company and a game.. cough archeage cough
If your looking for that old mmorpg feel. ESO does it right! weapons,gears are so uselful in early levels, and mobs hard. it doesnt take 1 skill to kill, but actually have to dodge,stun,interupt, block. Leveling is slow but entertaining, theres 2 options.. you grind to max or you quest,dungeon,craft,explore,pick-lock chests, rob npc in towns, tresspass into some random npc house and steal their loots. Cons - guards are godlike in this game.. you can outrun them, but you can't hide. Pros - never seen such a great community, always wanting to help people. They don't ask anything in return!
iirc, i signed up for a guaranteed play-time.. is it this june?
whats the pros, cons of being dk
i feel as your also vaping the electric tubing lol.. if i were you, i'll just use the tank as a dripper!
ESO, you think the first zone your in is great? wait till you go to the next one! im on a faction EP, their zone has been the best scenery i've experienced.. ( WOw,aion,bdo,aa,bns,gw2,etc ) best $20 game i ever spent! games worth atleast $60 from the amount of content it provides, and loads of dlc, and more to come! also no subs required!! but if you do plan on getting eso+ its $15 monthly, plus all DLC AND 1500 crowns ( $15 ) ALL FREE!!! on every monthly purchased/re-sub games getting bigger, better!
how much money did u throw at this game?
does cvs,walgreens sell them? i use abreva whenever i get cankersores
is stam sorc, one of them "heavy reliant" class on cp? class looks a ton of fun, but i feel like with 0 cp, ill be useless af.
should i go magicka sorc while leveling, then stam sorc for pvp? also what race will best suite stam sorc? and what is the typical skill build? ( new to the game, dont really know what are those skills )
hey is it better off to go full magicka points while leveling, then switch everything to stamina at cap? my current build will be 2h/bow, 2 skills of 2h, and poison inject.. rest are on sorc skills, then switch off 1 skill for vigor. Or should i rush momentum for that sweet health regen early levels? what armor sets should i be using as i level? with 5med,1light,1heavy?
GunZ - if you were my twin that run cw nonstop, detention . hmu!
i went as orc, going with fengrush build due to his experienced playing as stam sorc.. do we lack magicka recovery? cuz i feel like since i have 0 cp, ill be spammin dark deal alot.
did they ever upgraded their graphics?
This is the reason i made stamsORC, fengrush has caught my attention with his build and gameplay.. but i do wonder, is the damage we see from his stream done by his teammates or hes damage is on par. also do u know any sets i can run while leveling? im currently going for dw/2h, and switching off to bow at 50.. ( only need poison injection from bow iirc )
Havent heard a single hate comment on ESO
nope, all isee are praises of how much the game improved, and how well they have implemented a yearly dlc content, sooo much new releases! were even getting "housing system" this fall/august :D
PCMASTERACE!
vapretrik doing a fathers day sale aswell, go check out their juice rainbownuggets, by far the best cereal juice i've tried.. also dont need code!
no such thing as better, beside that pc gets early updates, addons, better graphics,keyboard n mouse for efficiency... consoles? i feel as pvp community is more alive but then again i have yet to get max lvl in pc.
stamsorc &gt; magicka sorc
gayyyyyyyyyy
Are there any low level PvP guild for EP? PC NA.
im stam sorc, im 2h/dw.. aoe is great, single target is great. Either one is fine.. play what u want/whatever fits your playstyle..
stop being a reddit wh0re
ESO is far more graphically pleasing when it comes to sieging. what i dislike bout gw2 wvw, is basically everyone huddle in 1 small circle, rushing doors,keeps.. which gets dull real fast. also for eso we get more siege weapons to use, like pouring boiling hot oil down the staircase. Gw2 seems like a childgame compare to eso.. eso gets more contents yearly. every quarter we get new content, and this august/fall were getting housing system! eso "wvw" requires more tactics, and communication than, "ok lets all bunch up, rogue stealth us.. ok gogogogoo" if u want long term play, and know theres a bright future, eso is your choice!
so this might be ask alot, but im fairly new to vaping and havent been on this sub lately, i have a 60w boxmod ( evic mini ) im trying to get a pre-made clapton, what gauges are best for 60w mod on velocity rda dual coils ? also any sites u recommend ( not ebay )
/u/PCMASTERRACE &gt;:D
Lets watch them farm minions for 39minutes! Yayy. Esports
does anyone here watches fengrush what addon does he use to switch skill sets on the go? im not sure if he was in combat at that time or not, but he had that pvp skill "spikes" for aoe dmg, once he throws that down.. he switch back to his normal heal bar. ( all these is the back bar set )
lol ur shit is all b.s i hope no one takes ur comment serious, ESO has a bright future
is there any beta this year?
What hes saying is reddit community are bunch of asses lol. But if you browse around eso subreddit, its completely the opposite. eso has the best mmorpg community i've ever experienced.. Guilds would invite you just so they can craft you gears, help you out on a quest,dungeons.. What mmorpg has been without a hacker, or people getting ban? He makes it sound as if eso community are all hackers, and elitist. the fact he said pvp is dead, is the obvious reason all his shit are b.s or maybe you havent even touch eso lol
Yea that sucks, but others love it. I dont mind it at all since you scale high levels, not down.. gw2 scales your level down.
so housing wont be coming out before one tamriel confirmed?? "We’ll release a lot more info on Housing in ESO closer to the end of year. For now, we’re concentrating on our August update and One Tamriel. It’s going to fun, though! "
eso is still a great game. give the devs some time to fix this up. their hands are full with all dlc's releasing and housing system. its not like blizzard were they have 100+employees.
theres a non cp lv 50 campaign, but everytime i take a look at their population.. it seems low. Also i heard 300cp is the standard for "vet" campaign pvp. also if im 200cp, going against a 500cp, will i get 1shotted? or do i have a chance?
Agreed. but its not to the point where the game is unplayable, nor becomes a distraction that takes away enjoyment. Still, they need to fix these bugs, that was found 2years ago
ezy dripper save lifes
1- AA 2- WoW 3- Tera 4- ESO 5-AION/GW2 no hesitations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9UEWSwd3pI requires a bit of sweat.
they need to focus on redoing their mathematics on tanks. How does a tank become unkillable with godlike damage?
its the role, thats what assassins do. and thats why lb is so squishy.
u should try to take on trion company, and ask them about p2w :)
how??? i have about 3days put in, and still lv 4 on alliance skill tree lol.
tbh, they keep ignoring us pvp community. while you pve folks get everything u want every dlc lol
wow your full of shit.
we have dlc, are u saying to quest in worthgar? or theres grindspots there?
dont u think lv 10 is a bit to low for grinding in sewers?
from what i can tell, its Tera without those lolis pedophiles.
if ur in range, ofc the skill is gna work, how is this an exploit?
u must be new to mmorpg lol. why cant u? its a skill that interacts with players, it doesnt matter...
yummmmmmm
Run dungeons, ask around, join a guild. since ur new, enjoy the game!
ESO
if u enjoy clicking, yes.
Any low level/ BWB guild? im PC NA, DC. i have discord,ts if needed! @mechsauc3
dont waste ur time on it, unless u really like the game
enough? 500cp is already good. Let us newbie catch up plz lol
"Ambidexterity: This passive ability has been renamed to “Ashlander.” Also, in addition to the current benefit it now reduces your damage taken from lava by 50%." LOL
how she vapes? have u tried doing dual with the same setup? i find that velocity is mainly for duals, and have yet to try single build on it
they can't even fix the lag in pvp, how do u expect them to design this?
honestly maplestory 2 was made for children eyes. i mean look at the damn graphics, its like your playing legos!
why make a game, that already exist? go outside!
WoW = a true mmorpg, it has all the contents u need! beside sandbox lol ESO = has skyrim elements, with dark theme like game of thrones lore. But mixing it with mmorpg elements. i quit WoW for ESO and only eso got me playing tons of hours into an mmorpg again.. graphics are amazing, lore is there ( i heard it was amazing ), pvp is there. DLC contents every quarter!
riot been adding lots of "outplay" mechanics on those reworks and new champs huh.. not gna lie, new ryze ult is nice... but old ryze ult feels more unique to the champ.
No it is riot. People do get butthurt so they report you. Then your account gets suspended for 2weeks.
skyshards,lorebook,destinations
1 pros of vaping against smoking cigarettes is.. Maybe your allergic to a type of food/fruit.. well guess what! vaping offers that food,fruit,etc you been always wanting to try without suffering allergic reactions! also, thanks for giveaway!
how long is the playtime of the whole story, from intro pack to episode 6?
is it anything like assassins creed? or just basically locked instanced.. 1 mission to complete or can i go out of my way and have fun?
do you know if shots are now being determined by the angel you use on the stick? i havent played 2k since 2k13 lol
I fix it by removing 1 ram stick but now its on but stuck on my mobo logo?
Update.. it just shutdown by itself and now back to square one..
Should the power supply be turned on when draining or completly off, unplug
