Cody Kessler, Nick Chubb, Trevon Boykin, Deshaun Watson, JT Barrett, Connor Cook, Dak Prescott, Leonard Fournette, . You think he's better than all but 2 of them? Especially given that he's playing behind a god-tier offensive line/coach that turned a player who had never started a game with few starting reps in practice into a Heisman finalist, and another QB who played 3 games into a first round contender?
...are you saying girls are worse at math than boys?
Lebron would definitely be over him at 3-2.
There were 25 minutes left...
MAYBE IF YOU DIDN'T KEEP SHITTING ON US LIKE JOSH SMITH DID THE CLIPPERS WE WOULDNT
The East is objectively weak though.
Curry probably helps more than he does
In the eyes of stupid bigots maybe not
You can't use one show as evidence of societal values. Also, Jack was haunted by his choices continually throughout the show. Also, season 1 was made before 9/11
It's a fair point. Do you think society is as racist as it was in the 70s?
Are you saying they should not make money? There are more people who prefer Abram's version than a more Star Trek-resembling one, so why shouldn't they make his version?
DAE think Americans are dumb??
Care to detail some inefficiencies? I'm pretty new myself
I wish I knew enough flags/current events to understand the humor
I think all of Reddit sees him as the Cinderella right now
Were any of his assists 3 pointers?
What game is this?
If some guy keeps marrying women that show up murdered, I don't care how little evidence there is, he probably killed them.
Happened to Tyrone Swoopes after the Elite 11 IIRC
Nobody "expects" to have a season ending injury. Yeah, it has to be an outcome that is planned for in case it happens (and I'm sure they did), but nobody expects an injurt
Did this get linked to one of the crazy ones? I'm honestly in shock
Non-basketball fans won't know
Culturally It just feels different
Yes you can it disrupts everything
People can't watch the playoffs because of a fucking parade. That is beyond stupid, I don't know why PAC and B1G fans care so strongly about what day the Rose Bowl is on
The game has been pushed back from January 1st multiple times this century. Apparently tradition doesn't matter enough to compete with the NFL for views.
Apparently it's not too important of a tradition when it has to compete with the NFL. They have no problem moving it when New Years falls on a Sunday
Old old joke from a 4chan thread
&gt; losing players during the game is so much more impactful than losing them before. Except for when the players you lose during the game give you a 31 point head start
But you got a 31 point head start
holy shit
So that's what y'all meant when you talked about Pac 12 refs
Screw it it's as lighthearted trash talk as it comes
What did he do to mess up UT and A&amp;M?
40% of Americans have college degrees so I'd say being in that group gives you a very good chance of being middle class
So we shouldn't even have physics majors? Jesus Christ man, you sound like a bitter 60 year old who blames everything on lazy kids
Other acceptable answers include: Jakeem Grant's Immaculate Reception, Nick Rose's missed extra point
I meant I didn't know if the programs were ongoing or not
I don't think the SEC is any more unique with their offenses than other conferences.
You guys aren't very good at football
If you're talking about Girl Crush the song is not at all about lesbians
Your high school class was 1/6 of the entire town?
At some point it becomes too fat and I think this is past that point
I don't know what's more disappointing: Alabama winning or the trainer girl's ass y'all were hyping up
That is honestly the best onside I've ever seen
Howard had 208 of Bama's 335 passing yards. Insane
What incredible call and execution
Fucking normies won't be here for offseason shitposts
I'd say your secondary was more at fault
So say we all
Bama had way too many explosive plays to attribute it to luck. Best team in the country in my mind
You guys keep giving the rest of the nation a shot only for the rest of the SEC to fuck it up
One of the funniest plays I've ever seen live
It seems sillier for a tiny child to cross a line than for a soldier to shout while aiming a gun at them?
And you think a child deserves to be traumatized because their parents didn't watch them?
Yeah I think being in a P5 conference will up their recruiting and administrative investment to where they could legitimately compete. But they're not a good choice
Any particular reason for you noting that in this thread specifically?
I can kinda see why he's upset. You're come off condescending and holier than thou when you say things like "their program isn't used to this success". It would probably bother me
You guys did dominate special teams and had several series begin on fields of &lt;50 yards, but to me that just reflects that Michigan State dominated you on defense since you only scored 23. 8 of your 13 possessions went for 10 yards or less.
When did people like Miami?
Really? I had no idea
Vince Young is my favorite player of all time and I don't see how that at all reflects entitlement
Michigan vs Michigan State, TCU vs Oregon, and Georgia Tech vs FSU this year would all like a word
Hail Mary's are always flukes. It's more dependent on the DBs than the QBs anyways
3 seconds on the play clock really isn't that close
Maybe one day Oregon fans will have to like a team that isn't consistently top 10
Somebody call an ambulance
How many freshman All-Americans did Sumlin have in the non-Fool's Gold class?
Did Chris Warren's 276 yards and 4 TDs make him look better than he was?
Malik Jefferson and Connor Williams. The OU game. There's your points.
I guess I'll downvote you cause you come across like an asshole
Like 3 times lol
Things get real chippy around here in January
I guess? Seems odd to substitute Vince for another Texas player. Maybe he meant Lendale White
[much obliged](http://imgur.com/GdwtFrJ)
Lol. That Texas team was insanely talented. Jamaal Charles, Michael Huff, Justin Blalock, Quan Cosby, David Thomas, Limas Sweed, Michael Griffin, Brian Orakpo, Ramonce Taylor, and Selvin Young. NFL success does not define college success
👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
I think that was game 5. Game 3 is when he really shined, the crowd was chanting his name unironically
I was hoping for around 8 assists per game with 14 points
My B. Game 2 was the HERES COME AUSTIN RIVERS game, game 3 he was 10/13 for 25 points
Harden would run one of the best bench units in league history if he didn't mesh well with Curry though
I mean Harden has to do a ton more on offense, his lack of effort on D at times is a function of that
Until he turns it over 5 times in a quarter dribbling around with the technique and franticness of a headless chicken
Yeah I'm just playing around I think we'll have a lot coming at once
I know Dion is good but now we're saying he's better than both Westbrook and Durant?
The derivatives would just be the number of 3s they made that year wouldn't they?
Yeah that's the stat that matters, who cares if you won?
IMO Portland is the best of the 4 and Houston is the worst
I mean they were down 3-1. Now, they've won 3 in a row against a good team and they won 73 in the regular season. Is it that ridiculous for them to be favored?
Westbrook/Irving and Durant/LeBron are totally different players though
I think you're getting downvotes because the investigation hasn't found anything that constitutes lawbreaking, at least not yet. It may have been negligent and against security policy but not illegal. It's also worth pointing out that (at least so far it seems) none of the emails sent out on the server were classified at the time of their being sent.
Okay but you said the only reason she hasn't been prosecuted is because she's a Clinton. There were other cabinet members doing the same thing who have also not been prosecuted. They haven't found evidence of crime. That statement is false
Ask 2011 about that
Not necessarily. You could reasonably expect a playoff contender to beat the second place team more than half the time. If two of them are fighting for a playoff spot as we've seen happen then that would help guarantee the winners gets a spot
Meanwhile Bernie is massively popular on here while /r/politics is /r/clintonemailscandal yet Clinton is winning while Bernie is more or less eliminated, so again why is Reddit a good reflection of US demographics?
No problem. I appreciate the civil discussion
From what I read there's no evidence that, at the time they were sent, any of the emails were marked as classified
Cavs have a decent bench though. Y'all are really looking for reasons to shit on Lebron. He hasn't played horribly, he's down 2-0 to a 73-9 team after 2 away games. What were y'all expecting to happen?
Don't forget when they took Fozzy from us (RIP)
Adding Central Florida for the sake of getting to 12 despite the fact that we can now have a championship is dumb. all it does is water down quality of play
You're acting like the better team wins every time. That's not true. It's all about probabilities. If team A is by far the best team in the league but they have to play the 2nd 3rd and 4th best on their way to the finals they probably have a lower chance than the top seed from the other conference
I don't understand this logic. LeBron picked his team therefore he should be expected to win the finals every year?
UT has 3 so yep
I mean you lost one game so you were either undefeated home or away. Not too surprising
I don't want to sound like an asshole because it really is an accomplishment but is Iowa the worst 12-0 team in recent P5 history? Not as an insult, genii le curious what people think
Not necessarily by default because they could have fewer applications as well but yeah I agree with your point
I mean UT has the best accounting school in the country but I don't think UT is a better school than Stanford and MIT
I didn't mean it as an insult. Y'all had a good team. I mostly was just curious about other ones that people thought were worse. It's a really exclusive group, lots of years don't even have one.
Wiggins isn't as good as Love yet and won't be for a few years. Thompson's contract didn't limit the team at all this year, it was well after all other signings. And when you have Lebron at 30 years old, you should be in a win now modd. It's their best chance to do it
DeMar played poorly for most of the playoffs. I wouldn't say he really proved his case for the max in it
Livingston is not the best mid range in the game
Keep moving the goalposts
Would you not describe /r/politics for the last year as an echo chamber?
Clever use of the metaphor and all, but it doesn't really change my point. Guy said Hilary would never apologize, and a source was provided where she did. It's a valid source. His comment was unfounded
Just because something can't yet be tested doesn't mean it's not scientific. Look at the discovery of gravity waves recently. That was a theory for a long time but was only proven recently. Aside from that, even though they're not testable, those predictions about the climate are literally the best, most informed possible "guesses" we have. Just because there's a hypothetical possibility that things work out more conveniently doesn't mean we shouldn't plan for what's expected
If you wanna attack it like that it depends on how long he was on the floor for in those games. If he played for 1 minute total and was -8 obviously he was bad and if he played for 44 minutes then he was probably a net positive. If you have a player who's -1 in a 30 point loss they were an asset even if they were technically negative
The only reason you think he's a quack is because he's peers have spoken out against his advice. You're trusting their judgement because it's their job. That's literally the point I'm making here
Sure but (and I realize this is totally hypothetical) if only there are a few dozen or some extremely small number you'd have a hard time saying its a systemic widespread issue
I mean 4 days ago this sub was up in arms because LeBron's team that HE created was getting blown out. He was getting a lot of flak then
How does someone look like that
What'd he say
Why?
He's averaging like 22 a game with 19 assists and 18 turnovers so far. Compared to the rest of the year that is not great for him
The thing about Clemsoning is that it isn't just choking. It's getting embarrassed on the biggest stages. I'll admit it's overdone, the only times they've really clemsoned are the Orange Bowl against WVU and against FSU whenever both of them were top 10 teams
It would be wayyyyy more than 35 lol
I wanna say Rich Neuheisel was coach?
They've finished in the AP top 25 6 times since 1960. I just don't see the culture there changing to allow for a lot of success. Maybe I'm wrong, any school is one good hire away, but I don't think Cal is particularly likely to make it
SEC is definitely the best conference, no arguments here. It's worth pointing out that 20 out of 25 of this seasons final top 25 were not SEC teams.
Kinda funny to me people are taking Chip Brown seriously just because it's a chance to hate Baylor. Obviously if true this is a stupid move for the university and totally unethical but every single other time something Chips says about a university that's not Texas that gets posted the top comments all point out his track record.
How the hell do you propose the justice system work?
I mean preseason predictions have been pretty accurate for them no?
Lol that's a joke. Ball handling, creating, rebounding, and passing all favor Harden
But if it's a necessary job why would it disqualify them? And why are they still dirtbags if they do it?
I feel like Michigan and Texas have very similar roles in their conference
You'd never get 12 minute halftime at the college level
I wouldn't call the Big 12 a governing body really. It's a group of teams with financial interests in common. It doesn't hand down sanctions
What about this year against Stanford?
He played well against Stanford. You can't deny that. He had lots of good games against those schools. I'm not going to hold having a historically bad defense against him. You also shouldn't hold a game when he was a freshman against him, especially one where the defense gave up 63. Look I don't even love Goff as a prospect but you're going to have to provide evidence based on specific parts of his game that are bad instead of narrative-based, team-influenced bullshit like you are.
Hello Mark Cuban
Eh. If it's a one year draft then yeah but younger guys would definitely be picked first
called the rockets predictable before last year's playoffs. Taken a little out of context to be honest
He probably needs 7 to keep his job. I think he'll get there.
If we can beat Notre Dame we'll have at least one win
Just curious what was Colorado's score in the 2005 Big 12 championship?
Sumlin has been there longer to be fair. Charlie did himself a huge favor by beating OU and showing what the team is capable of. I think the fact that our team was so young last year gave him some breathing room
Do you have any sources/evidence that he's the 2nd best in the nation?
As much as I enjoy the comments not at all related to what we were saying, I didn't say you weren't a good team that year. I'll try to follow your logic here. So you were better than Bama, Bama was better than LSU, and LSU was better than y'all. Can't call that game a fluke since they finished 10-3. I feel like there's a hole in that logic somewhere. So yeah, I am arguing *how* good you were. Not as a good as Bama. But yeah, if you insult Texas enough the thought process makes sense
Something something would've made a great safety for the Horns
I wouldn't say you outplayed them the whole game. You had a fantastic first quarter and then they clawed their way back the rest of the day. But I can at least respect the thought process. I just hate the whole mindset that a lot of people have that winning one game means a team is better. Things are more complicated than that. Also come on we were superior to KSU
Lots of things to say about this one 1) You clearly won't agree with this one, but the OU win wasn't a fluke. We weren't a better team on the year, but we dominated that game from start to finish at the line of scrimmage. We played very well against a good team. KSU didn't do that against OU. Doesn't seem fair to penalize us a game (or give them one) because we played really, really well 2) You're not counting the rather poor luck in the Cal, OSU, and Tech games. Any of those could have been wins. If we had a few bounces our way in those games we're an 8 win team too. 3) I honestly don't know enough about KSU's schedule and I assume you don't either to say they didn't have any fluke wins or losses. 4) Within the game itself, Texas played better. We were up 16-0 on them and dominating. Rain forced both offenses to stagnate. Heard told the coaches during the game that he didn't trust himself to grip the ball in that weather. It changed the gameplan drastically. They grinded out a field goal in the second half, but that was the only time they were close to a threat to score. We clinched the game with Swoopes and that was that. I don't remember any big opportunities that KSU missed. They were contained the whole game.
He went nowhere under Wickline so not sure about that
1) Maybe they weren't focused, but it was still a playoff team that Texas tossed around the field like rag dolls. We played a very, very good game against a quality team, and nothing should take away from that 2) There was also luck that kept us from running away with it (mostly referring to OSU there). Biggest point is that they were close games that we could have won). I don't think it's unreasonable to call it net unlucky 3) Looking at it now they had very close wins against WVU, ISU, and Louisiana Tech (3OT). They had close losses to OSU and TCU, but I don't remember anything especially remarkable or unfair about them. 4) The weather limited our opportunity to build on our lead and offense as a whole. Based on the rest of the game, KSU wasn't an especially big threat there. We dominated the last drive too for what it's worth
It was someone else's fault, but you have to step up and be a leader there.
What'd he say?
It's still like the 10th or so best league in the world
Yeah, the ones reported on oilprice.com. Give me a break
When has NFL success ever mattered in these discussions
something something hockey assist
regular season isn't the best measure though. Look at Lebron every year or some of the Spurs championship teams
You're kidding yourself if you think every game the Warriors played had the intensity of a playoff game.
Did you watch Lebron in the playoffs either of the last two years? He dominates when he needs to
Curry still played overall very poorly this series. People would've noticed that
He didn't play great for large stretches of the 2015 playoffs though
I'd like to remind you of this too lol
Not all of us
He didn't play that well in last year's finals either though
360 with the miss boi
Rose is an average PG. Not great anymore
People fail to mention that they were like rookies at the time
Being beat by a team doesn't necessarily mean you're worse than them. Unless you think luck and matchups just aren't real
38% on all shots. Even if a lot of them were good looks that's a solid number. Especially because he'll be getting good looks on the Olympic team
The same logic would apply. That's my point. You can't make sweeping decisions like the fact that the Cavs are better because they won.
That number counted walk ons who were given scholarships I think
The Democratic Party is competing for votes. Their positions are set up to get the most possible. Those positions just don't overlap with your views
He was so phenomenal at stripping the ball
Yes, evil Texas fans are so scummy for getting excited about elite players coming to the program
You're kinda having a double standard when you say a town of 100k because it would be a town of 100k fit men, so like a town of &gt;500,000 in reality
Taking the proportions is pointless here. You're doing (.18 X Country's population)/(.18 X Iceland's population). Making the same exact point that countries are in fact much larger than Iceland
I never wanna crawl up into a ball more than when my carelessness affect someone else in traffic. It's the worst feeling
I may be dumb but if you're in a two lane road are you not supposed to pass the truck/escorts on the other lane? I was on a highway once and tried to do it and the back escort changed lanes and blocked me off. Assumed you're not supposed to based off of that
A 3 point advantage in one game shouldn't be a big deal there imo
Worth pointing out that our OOC doesn't affect these rankings
To play the devil's advocate I'm fairly sure Tech has had a top 5 offense in years they missed bowl games. Could be wrong there
They have more resources than random ass redditors lol
I mean you already had a 40% chance of getting the number 1 pick IIRC. Fairly likely that it was just by chance
That dude is an animal
No wonder he had an off year how is the man even feeding himself at this point?
TIL conference finals on the back of his incredible performances = nowhere
What would that more critical look reveal? They thought Baylor was a better situation for them. They still liked Texas clearly, but not more than Baylor. The school they committed to no longer exists, and it's a different situation. Out of 127 other football programs in the FBS they kicked Texas. So tell me again without vague, patronizing references to taking a critical look at the program, why could this possibly be looked at as a negative?
I always interpreted that quote as Creed stole a man's identity but I didn't feel confident in that interpretation
There's 0 evidence that Strong was involved lol. Is it that ridiculous that a high schooler would do something like that without instruction?
Say it again baby
27 means you get 3-4 years of prime though. That's basically the length of his contract he'll sign
It's worth talking about when he makes the argument that A&amp;amp;M's engineering is higher. They're generally neck and neck so it's not fair for him to act like A&amp;amp;M is the place to be for it
You could certainly argue KD is a better player offensively
They had Boogie's health to lose and nothing to gain
Harden with the 25% shooting triple double aka the Westbrook
I mean yeah but the difference between 56% and 55% is small to begin with
Dallas?
Per 36 is garbage lol. If Frye could make that many 3s a game he would be doing it
