It's 4 am I don't need these feels
Tomorrows headlines "PM of Canada calls referendum, wants to return to simple life of moose hunting"
Fair enough
I just got my wisdom teeth out, talk about a tooth ache
Habs shoulda signed Shaw for a day
When I'm playing in beer leagues I've used a halfie since I turned 18, playing college I obviously half to use a cage
Breakaway off the draw, deke left go right. Empty net and the puck rolled off my stick ;_; #neverforget
i got all 4 out on tuesday, my face is still 3x what it should be
From keys and skins ive spent well over $1000, hell ive done $1000 in bets alone
I average about 20 :( fuck TWC
The Best of shit isnt really good imo.
Well jobs is dead so that certainly doesn't help him out in terms of earning more money.
Holy ducking shit do you just sit there rubbing your thumb on that spot?
I've had a rival 300 for a bit now and it's not too bad in terms of wear. Only thing I don't like is how it feels when I sweat
Also is complete trash, keeps his trapper down by his leg and can't butterfly to save his life
i havent found anything yet that doesnt get that sweaty feel other than the shitty mouse that came with my prebuilt a few years ago. since i was too cheap to buy a nice mouse until recently i used that until eventually the scroll wheel broke. Ive heard good things about the razer taipan though
waiting for afforementioned album
i was playing h1z1 the other day and tried to pull down on the AK ;_;
It was when my dad ran with the mafia in Utica, he's 56
They are, it's called Narcos. It's on Netflix. Right now it's centered on Escobar but they plan to keep it rolling into future drug lords so it's safe to say our pal Joaquinn here will get a season
Canada does as well
That is Alex ovechkin, known for not playing defense
I've spent at least $200 on keys, best thing I got was a ST kill confirmed. I bought my knife for $200 as well. It's cheaper that way
Are you my dad? He fucking loves that shit
my dad is obsessed with that shit since he started a diet, which lost him 30lbs, but i dont believe that its due to some stupid salt
I could do a lot of things with a million dollars
i should win because karambutt is dream knief
I read somewhere that the bankruptcy was actually a strategic move for a lawsuit he's involved in and obviously he isn't broke
/u/ballotbot draw 3
np bro, enjoy :)
yea thats what i figured when he messaged me. Why would a streamer who could win any bet he wants want to trade for my little old M9 Marble Fade?
not sure how he did the "items for trade" but the rest is just basic copy pasting
I didn't buy them, I bet and traded up to them :p
Just when I've had enough csgo for a day this pops up, God dammit....
F
I opened FN stat trak retribution. Probably my favorite skin after my marble fade M9
Ditto, I miss the FN ST bullet rain I lost in a bet
C9 kappa https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=109330798&amp;token=e17X9fp0
KQLY would like a word with you
Guitar and disco are my favorites
Amd is a computer company???
he had an m82, which will run you around 10k
I am also interested in the demo
It makes sense, I'll play a game at MG1/MG2 level and if I'm on the other team calls hacks
Thanks for the giveaway :)
LOL this kid following you PM'd me and said "you're the one who has issues silver"
Wouldn't having your dominant hand on top over use your hand as it's the only hand you're supposed to stick handle with?
So I suppose your home buy scoring is the creamy filling that makes you feel warm and bubbly inside?
I don't know, as a right hand dominant person and shooter. Never had any issues with stick handling. I've always had pretty slick hands and a nice shot
its a joke about how the genny coupe is a rehashed tiburon
Same here, NA east
Lol this just reminded me of the old racist guy who's a regular at my dealership, he comes in the day after that happened and goes "I don't see these BLM fuckers protesting about harambe" then went on to tell the story of how he got back from Vietnam and his wife was fat so be divorced her
The former, he also made a remark about how Mexicans join the military for citizenship, go to Iraq but not enough get buried there. He really is your stereotypical racist grandpa
I'm aware, idk why I'm getting downvoted when all I did was explain a shitty joke.
its a corvette dealer, he comes in and buys a new vette every 2-3 years and is always stopping in to look at new inventory
he is indeed quite racist. The other day he was telling a story from vietnam and a black dude came in and interrupted him to ask me a question about buying a car and the look on his face was priceless
I'm wondering why your comment didn't get nuked with the rest of the thread
def a miata, i think the number plate may be from italy
The dindunuffin
No you're good, this whole post is confusing as hell
I've got mine around 300whp with a 2.8" pulley, injectors, valves and a good tune. The LSJ is just as easy to pull power out of as its big brother
18 y/o male with a corvette here, I pay $180 a month
Dat fitment
C5 corvettes are fucking atrocious
Eeeeeeeevvvvoooooooo. But for real you can get a clean Evo 8 for around 15k
True, I'll sell you my cobalt for $7k ;)
Wait did CWM come back? I thought he left and deleted his acct...
Ditto, double bunny ear is too lit
Yup, my brother is a firefighter/EMT and he saved a woman's life with CPR, he's also 6'3" 260lbs so you can imagine what happened to her ribs. She sent our family flowers and a $200 gift card to a local Japanese steak house to show her appreciation
Dibs on the Porsche
129 /u/danknissan and /u/thegenuinebuzz suck Dakas dick cuz his knife is cooler than yours
What time on Sunday?
RemindMe! 2 days donate /r/millionairemakers donations
Yea summit lost hella money and wins about as much as any of us would, it's silly to accuse him being rigged
Rochester, NY. Topped out around 98 today. I wanted to die.
sorry mang am a kniev whore
ahh i was playing hockey :/ im def down to play in the future though
I was about to point out that you were young if you were 15 in 2011 but I realized I was 15 then too. And now I feel like an ass and I should get out more
heh what a fuckin nerd
fuck that, i understand not liking trump but hillary should be in fucking jail and executed for treason with what shes done
oh bull fucking shit, shes not just the most corrupt mother fucker on the world but she fucking exposed classified information to the entire world by purposely avoiding the fucking protocols that would keep said information secure. Thats fucking treason which is punishable by death. The fact that she is getting away with so much that has ruined and imprisoned people for far longer than "6 months to a year" is fucking bullshit. Send her to gitmo for all i care but you saying she doesnt deserve a long sentence in prison is just plain ignorant
wait someone tried to kill trump??? Link?
ok so it looks like he didnt even come close. still weird no major news outlet is carrying the story
fair enough, i dont watch much tv. i usually just visit a couple sites
Most countries don't have bloods, crips, Latin Kings or every other fucking gang under the sun who'd rather die than go to jail. Most of the people killed by cops are by no means innocent
youre dumb to be honest. most of the people kid by police are gangbangers who do not comply with police, often time are carrying weapons who behave with much hostility towards police because "they aint goin back man"
Same with Great Lakes, like this dude put St. Louis in the Great Lakes and not buffalo. Bruh do you even geography
Most people are keen to forget that aspect, half of our population lives in the country side or in smaller cities such as roc, buffalo, cuse, Utica etc.
It does not and that is why healthcare is so expensive. Hospitals can not refuse care whether the patient can pay or not. The ones who do pay end up covering for the ones who don't through incredibly expensive bills which then starts the fucking circle jerk you see everywhere. Get your facts before you start spouting bullshit and continuing the circle jerk
Which is like half the price of the dudes bike
Wow
Pls giv Polaris :D In all seriousness these cards look great and I'll probably pick 2 up if I don't win anyway
Same thing with my corvette, as soon as I hit the gas the interior rattles apart. But it's cool, weight reduction bro
Stick with the 918, it's much more exciting than a panamera lol
thats funny as fuck. i always said if i got a little diesel VW id do an EGR delete and put a stack from the turbo out the hood and just roll coal everywhere
True, the market shouldn't have even done anything. It's not like England is gonna stop trading now with brexit. Whatever, I got cheap stock. Not even mad
Wait a 10th of an amp can't kill you? So my electronics teacher lied?
tru, i get 17.1 in my vette, and thats with a blower on it so its not terrible but i do get a lot of smiles per gallon
Is this WSB?
Thanks :)
lol settle down big guy, you might actually scare him with those words
Oh no this idiot is in my city ;_;
You can see in the gif that his fight strap is still attached to his pants and jersey, that's why the jersey never separated from his body
lol that doesn't mean shit man. I scored a 88 on my asvab and I'm leaving for the air force in a few weeks. You can still go to college after you get out, and then it's free. I don't think you're really as smart as you think
Well let me give you a tip man, if you start out with "I'm too smart for...." you're going to come off as cocky and conceited. Dial it down a notch, be humble. Accept that at this point in your life you are nothing and you have nothing. The best course of action right now would be to join the military get free housing and food and try to get a job that interests you or could give you experience for the future. I joined the Air Force and specifically got a chance to go to Indoc for pararescue. This is going to help my future in that if I wanted to be a civilian EMT/ALS I'd have experience or if I wanted to be a LEO they love SF guys
The light hearted content makes the war waged unwillingly against us by /r/civ much more relaxed
He did not say "you all" just "*you*"
ESEA master race
Fuck I've been driving stick my whole life and I still refuse to put a stage 4 clutch in my vette for this reason
You never know man, my buddies monitor died one day and he didn't think it was in warranty so he gave it to me. I called up acer and sure enough there was a 3 year warranty on it. Completed the RMA paperwork, boxed it up and had a fresh new monitor 2 weeks later
I'm sitting at about 630whp right now. After my winter upgrades are done I'm looking to be sitting at 700 which is right at the limits of a stage 3 clutch. As she sits now I can comfortably daily the car and not have issues with my leg hurting unless I aggravate my knee injury again
Ok while the first part of your sentence is true the second is incredibly inaccurate. If you do not want to see combat you will not see combat. The guys you see with PTSD are the grunts and SF guys, not the logistics people or mechanics or other pogs who never have to go to combat and never have to watch their friends die. While yes death and mental illness can occur, it can also be avoided. Not everyone has to be a gunfighter
We're all faggots on this blessed day
Wait Buick is making a sports car? How did I miss that
Ahh ok, that's how I missed it then, I hate convertibles and I'm not a huge Buick fan
Yea ditto. Mine got here in 1905 according to Ellis island. I hate when people try to say that shit to me
I don't think it's for the selfish reasons you do, I'm normally a pessimist but I believe these guys are incredibly proud of what they accomplished in ww2 and like anything that people are proud of they want to show it off
Pm me for my paypal deets, you got a deal
You still double clutch?? Damn you're old :p you gotta hit the rev match while your down shifting, clutch in once and you get going much faster!
The technology wasn't there 5 years ago for autos to be faster than stick (not true) so it would make sense that the faster car (stick) had a higher resale. Or at least that's what I think he was trying to say
Probably cause us millennials are so far underwater with college debt that we can't even start to think of purchasing a luxury like a sports car
He had already bought a new one and told me I could keep it, it was the last monitor he hadn't upgraded to 144hz
Even the silvers that have good enough computers/internet wouldn't be able to use 128 to its full potential. I'd say 128 tick wouldn't start being useful until DMG/LE
&gt;oh... You kinda did
I dunno man my car has never asked me for ear scratches, do you think it's broken?
I don't know who you are or how you found me, but I'm triggered now
Nah FUCK you guys snowboarders fuck up my terrain parks
Hell yea brother!
You'd think that, I've seen more than a few cougars and grizzlies on mountains out west, there's a video of a girl getting chased by a grizzly and she had no idea, if she would have stopped she'd have been dead
Found the snowboarder that breaks his wrists once a season
I used to watch street speed but I just can't anymore. Idk why but his videos are just boring now
Ditto, the last month I've only played ESEA, just played mm to keep my rank last night and not a single person talked except to flame me when I lost a 1v4. Never going back to mm lol
&gt; RAM vs. actually towing something LUL -dirty max owner
Even the hellcat is still slow, my buddy gapped the fuck out of a FBO hellcat with his 590whp Z06
My 6.0L V8 LS2 corvette with 800hp disagrees with you
.300 BLK*
You'll never see a cougar on the groomers where the casuals ski, but in the back country? Yea there's cougars man
Exactly, and I was at 20+ kills while they were all at like 10-11
Ditto, also At c-. Everyone's just cooler in ESEA. Hardly ever meet toxic people
How nice of the IIHF to provide a full team of medics
Apples to oranges
Oh I know, I've had 2 toxic kids in my past 30 pugs and they were exactly as you describe, except instead of kicking them the left on their own
Technically coltgia's comment was a 1 down ;)
Lol and get im getting downvotes, people can't take a joke these days
Don't make me stab you
It is known
My old man has had me hooked on the dirty ski from the time I could walk, never stood a chance
Not if your only stock plays are options and 3x etfs ;)
The name rings a bell
I don't wanna one up op, but this used inventory might tempt you a bit more https://www.reddit.com/r/Corvette/comments/5b5gh0/when_you_accidentally_stumble_into_heaven/?st=IXJHRX16&amp;sh=f8ddc004
Some people remove them themselves
Have you been waiting this whole thread to use that one?
Confirmed, once drove in snow. Wheels do spin
Swapping a cam in a pushrod is like the easiest thing I've ever done...
In spite of the fact that some people still think that they know him
200fps is shifty frames? Well fuck me sideways
It would have been on the waist of johnny had he not been in an acceleration stance. Doesn't excuse comeau
Gonna need a source for that one guy
What's your CPU tho, I have a 4790k and a gtx960 and I get almost 200
My bro is an EMT in Monroe county, he narcans 3-4 people a week from heroin OD's. We have tons of overdoses, i guess we're just better at responding to them?
That guy is a fairly popular YouTuber as well, didn't know he skied but when you said "purple gallardo" I knew it had to be the stradman
It's not even a big deal in NY, I've never been pulled over in 4 years of driving here. As long as you keep it under the front seat of your car you're fine
Sometimes not even groves on the tires! I drive around in drag radials with 1 groove lol
Listen guy I don't think you've ever played hockey, because If you run the goalie you're gonna get your kidneys punched to shit. Goalies don't forget that shit
Don't worry, everyone but that guy waves
At least you're not 2 years in :/
I think it's awesome that RJ actually called the games ray played in and now they're an awesome casting duo. Shows how seasoned he his.
Definite concussion, he postures in his fall which is one of the scariest things I've ever witnessed. Happened to my old man when he fell out of a tree and the concussion was the least of his worries
It's nothing of interest, the rules state that incidental head contact as a result of a clean hit is a non call
There's no intent to injure in this play, you can't even argue that. Please brush up on your hockey
Buff is a dirtbag anyway, I'm glad he didn't get in there. Especially with the shit fit he threw at the end of the game. And to everyone saying that buff could fuck up the whole sabres bench, Risto restrained him with relative ease in this clip
But we already have Larkin, eichel Mcdavid and Matthews, we dont need anymore talent ^/S
My old man was there for Clint and I was there for zednik, right near it. That shit is traumatizing for a 10 year old
I agree with the sentiment about byfuglien, everytime he fucks someone up Peggers are as happy as can be when in reality he's a dirtbag and most of his hits are dirty
Did you even watch the clip? McCabe put his shoulder into laine's chest. The head contact was an unfortunate side effect of two massive bodies colliding at full speed
Oh well in that case, riperino
That is indeed correct, NY is more than a city
Who knew that the Jedi fought in the mog?
its from eichels instagram
Secret service is for diplomatic protection and counterfeiting, CIA is foreign intelligence work similar to MI5
Y'all are totally gonna bone and get married
Holy shit, as someone about to enlist as a pararescueman that really got me
Ahh yes of course, thanks for the correction. I always get them mixed up
Mindgamed
Rear Admiral Mr. Dr. Prod. Lord Darth Vader to you
As well as basically every truck and SUV. Lots of people are "stomaching" 40k+ for chevy's
This is the dumbest comment I've read all night.
Isn't buffalo supposed to have a rematch against Pittsburgh next year?
Ever since street outlaws happened people think that promods= street cars
My local Chevy dealer had a car show this summer to raise money for charity and they had a used NASCAR there, shit was cool as hell
I played on a 4300, I had it OC'd to like 4.4 gHz but it was still painful
Bogo+kuli and a 2nd for stamkos+Callahan confirmed
That's what I'm wondering, if you took off your helmet could you breathe. Another commenter said earths atmosphere has a density of 10^19/cm3 where as the densest nebula is 10^4/cm3 so I guess not
How do they feel about smoking/vaping at BMT?
fuck i guess i better quit now
thats tough man, thanks for the input. hopefully she got whats comin to her
Ha I got pulled over doing 120 in a 45, cop didn't have his radar on and gave me a tint ticket luckily
A girl whose dad had died called me daddy. Nope
No, ex sabres only light it up against us. As in they're still shit, just not against us
Guys who served in the first gulf war will often refer as having served in desert storm, not sure why but they do
