Owens promo was brilliant. Cena's promo was good until Cena hit Owens with the "your words aren't fight Owens fight...your words are never give up" Basically: just like I inspire your son, I inspire you too
Some people are just always gonna have a stick up their ass about Cena. He's a super hero. He gives hope. Kevin Owens is almost a man because he doesn't believe in superheroes. He doesn't believe in unconditional hope...which is what children do. It's fairy tales vs reality.
Cena wasn't calling him a bitch because of some perceived physical inadequacy. Cena is calling Owens a bitch because Owens has a problem with giving hope and believing in fairy tales
I'm ready to spend 10 hours of my life clearing out the metro tunnels to see if they're all connected
No thanks. Currently have that situation with the flyers. Having guys who are past their prime and preventing new guys from getting playing time is a hindrance. All time eagle. Perfectly timed departure
They were high on Jarret. It didn't work out
If chambers ever figures out how to keep Philly guys from going to Cuse and go to State, PSU has a chance. As it stands now, I don't think Penn State gets close unless they can get guys like the Morris bros
I find it a bit worrisome that eagles fans have to demonize someone and just can't accept that he left. Bring on the downvotes. Dude just wanted to get paid and went to the highest bidder. He can still be one of the best eagles of all time and the guy who left for money
Wasn't a reference to you. Was reference the downvotes I'm getting for speaking the truth
Andy MacDonald and Lecavalier. MacDonald was a terrible contract but Lecavalier is the risk you run with a guy like Dawkins. If you pay them, and they are past their prime, it's a terrible contract that ways you down and prevents you from developing younger guys.
Macdonald definitely held back a guy like Gus (but I guess the flyers mismanaged Gus from the start). Lecavalier definitely held back Akeson from developing
I was truly expecting Iverson as the front page player for us
Is there any chance, that if he owned up to it, people would be like "aight"?
CRUEL, but good word use
The arena will be made mostly of MCW's bricks?
Operation Shade commence
I'm hoping so. Only 2 weeks until draft
I don't feel bad for Tampa because of years of brig forced to watch that horrid trap. If you sit on a lead, you're gonna have a bad time On the other hand...fuck the Hawks. I'm conflicted
At some point you get to dap up Malik rose...so that's worth something
Tell you what: I'll give you kimmo in his prime if you don't score that short side goal on Leighton
Cleveland really needs Kyrie. That depth is already thin
Nope. Never
Maybe. I've tried to block those things from my mind
Looks like a giant nug of weed, honestly
I honestly don't believe that the show writers ever gave Stannis a fair shot. And to those who say that since Stannis killed Renly, he's not afraid to kill his kin: Renly walked away from Stannis. He was a threat and an enemy that was pleaded with. He was not the heir to the throne. Go away
It took everything to go the Cavs way (curry shooting like crap, team over performing) for the Cavs to win in OT. I just don't see them doing it for 3 more games
Thought Cena was great on commentary. That match was pretty damned good. Think about it: John Cena was asked to step aside while Neville and Owens fought it out
More like: you beat me. Congrats. Your first match. Stop acting like an entitled prick. You're new here to the WWE. And I'm gonna beat some experience into you
I was kind of surprised when lebron tackles curry on those last possessions and they spin it as "curry ran into lebron"
You'll find other frat bros at your job if you look hard enough. Or a sorority sister. I've come across more sisters in the after life, tbh
Did I just hear tanks?
We think Embiid has the range...if the foot holds up we'll know next year
Don't see him falling to the Knicks. Could mean that Hinkie has told Russell that we're going with him and no reason to try out
I SUPPORT THE DUBS BRO ALL HAIL DRAY DRAY
I'll worry when the timeline is announced.
No. For that 16 hours there was a full on question of the rebuild, though
It's said that on a lonely summer night you can hear Clips fans still saying "he'll break out this game"
Dude...not to be a dick, but there's literally 20 point guard better than MCW in the NBA. Getting that lakers pick for him was huge. Dude's shot is forever broken. Hell, Embiid's foot has a better chance of being fixed than MCW's shot
I just wouldn't put too much emphasis on losing MCW. Without improved shooting ability, dude will struggle to start in the NBA
I really liked this match. Both looked really good
Well Cleveland, half your army deserted you but you still kept on fighting. I can appreciate that. Fought hard as fuck until the last man. Cheers to you. See you next year, fam
I'm not really sold on Lavine. Embiid's status is still uncertain. Wolves are better right now, and it's not even close. But if Embiid plays and ends the season healthy, it tips to the Sixers. If Embiid doesn't play this year, Wolves are clearly better for the foreseeable picture until perhaps next year. If the Lakers ends up picking 4-8 that's big for the Sixers. Right now, Wolves are better. Sixers are rolling the dice though and could be better by season's end
I'm gonna start off with the fact that I'm a huge Sixers fan. But I'm gonna put my bias aside: Wiggins is a big deal. KAT is going to be a big deal. Rubio can't shoot the ball but his job is to distribute. Anthony Bennett still has potential. Zach Lavine is whatever, but he would be the second best (active) player on the Sixers right now. It's very possible that Saric doesn't come over until 2017-2018, where he would get a fresh deal that's not influenced by the rookie scale. Embiid can be the best player on either team, but I need to see him finish the season. With his navicular bone intact. Like I said, Wolves and it's not close right now. But the Sixers have some very interesting dice rolls coming to them in the next couple of years that could make them better than the Wolves
this is the closest thing I have to basketball for a week. the stream is definitely interesting
We may not be good on the court, but we will certainly look the best
They all look good, but that white one's the best
the white one looks so damned fresh. i love all three. i want to buy one, I'm just hesitant on who to get because, ya know, Hinkie
NOLA does look pretty sweet, not gonna lie
you know, maybe it because I literally spent fall/winter/spring watching those goons, but I think at least one of them can develop into a role player. Jakarr started to look better down the stretch. Canaan is whatever and I hear good things about McRae. We'll see
and Clips. Even if Bennett won't be good, the Wolves still have the clear cut edge
See I think Towns will be much better than Russell.
What if we're just willing to eat contract for your first?
I'd like to see Jimmy Butter or Kawhi on the squad. We have lots of space and lots of money. Hell jimmy, we will give you a short contract and then some
Hopefully the 11-15 range
Which is fine. We along with every other team is going to make sure you do it, though
And absent from A's games
I thought Iggy was Lebron's father
Noel and Russell, hopefully
it has a lot to do with the fact that southern middle pennsylvania is a stone's throw away from central west virginia, central maryland, and northern virginia. that mix just cant be good I think the Gettysburg area televises Nationals games, to give you a perspective
We got you
http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m63za5QTnB1rrnutco1_500.gif
Nobody of consequence has wanted to play for Philadelphia for quite some time. The tank is literally the only shot we have at winning a title in the next 10 years
I expect hinkie's blackberry to be charged up Thursday night. Getting that 30th pick for David Lee seems like a no brainier
PG-D'Angelo Russell SG-Jimmy Butler SF- Robert Covington PF - Nerlens Noel C - Joel Embiid 6th- Dario Saric Next year the Sixers trade their pick and OKC's pick for Butler's contract. They have LA's 5th pick and The Heat's 12th pick
Honestly I think a top 5 pick and a mid range pick could get it done for Butler if Chicago couldn't resign him
I feel pretty good about it, honestly. Or about as good as someone can feel when the lottery becomes their playoff season. But if I'm being real the thing that scares me the most are the Lakers potentially getting Cousins. That will keep me up at night
As long as you guys suck next year, do whatever
nah, I watched my team for probably 78/82 games. Wickud generalization though, bro
ya know it wasn't as bad as people think. You just adapt a different mindset, and instead of looking for team wins you look at things like player development, who had a good game, who is making major progress on their game. I'm not going to lie to you, some games do get out of hand. The texas triangle absolutely murdered us last year and those games were not pretty to watch
I'll be impressed if David Lee isn't a Sixer by the end of the night
Trust me: if it's between ESPN taking a shit on our plan or Magic not mentioning us, I'll take Magic not mentioning us
Has the shade been dispensed?
Sixers Knicks rivalry...its on bitches
I'll be looking forward to it
if you're not happy with Okafor, I don't know what to tell you. Dude legitimately presents 5 wins easy by himself. Sixers have the potential to be a 30 win team this year
Embiid does provide spacing, but he wont be providing spacing for perhaps another year, if at all. The Hinkie press conference didn't shed any light on the situation, which seems ominous
it takes a decent jump, but I think we're not looking at the immediate push that Okafor brings. Next year he will be better than half the centers in the East on day 1. He is going to push around guys like Olynyk, (whoever the Knicks have), Brooklyn's C and it's going to be a bloodbath. the Sixers won 18-19 games last season after starting out the season 0-26? that means they ended the season 18-38? Let's experiment for a second and say that instead of being 0-26 they went something like 7-19, which is still horrible. that makes them a 25 win team without Okafor. 30 wins is very attainable, barring injury
Right? It's more attainable than we think
"I'm part machine, mother"
Absolutely
That's my bad. So out of their first 17 games maybe they go 5 and 12 instead of 0-17. That brings them up to 24 wins. 30 is possible this year
Does it look bad? Absolutely. But I'd trade in a good reputation for a centerpiece to build around
Noel looks good. Okafor I'm confident will look good. Embiid is definitely a toss up. I'll take a shitty reputation and Okafor/Noel/Embiid than a good reputation and Andrew Bynum/Evan Turner/Spencer Hawes Be happy that the lottery balls bounced to your favor and you got a generational talent on your hands. Davis is already a monster and he's not in his prime yet But don't think for a second I wouldn't screw other organizations in the NBA over for a shot at another guy like him
I'll take being the most hated team in the league with assets over the most liked team in the league with no cornerstone. The nba doesn't give out championships for being the most likable bunch. The Pistons literally beat the shit out of people. And everyone says that so and so has a poor reputation until they need us to absorb salary cap
The Lakers didn't want you, dude. They took Russell instead. They decided that he was going to rebuild their franchise, not you
Gonna let you know: I have the Wiz really high in the East. Big things happening for you guys. Looking forward to the 6ers Wiz games next year
Gotta be the best at something
6ers have to utilize that cap space
"Shitting on the Sixers is so hot right now"
With average NBA guards this Sixer team is an 8th seed
You might be getting downvoted for being a fan of both
Oh dude, I don't have a problem with it. But this sub likes mocking the Sixers and Knicks
Lavine seems happy now, or at least hides his attitude better. 19 year olds are gonna be 19. They soon find out that not every high prospect gets to play in LA
There's nice spots in Philly. Northern Liberties is turning into a hip spot
That's a top 5 pick, a top 10 pick, a top 20 pick and Wroten? Seems like really bad value for Philly, who still has holes to fill in in addition to Butler. I think you go OKC and LA pick, but that's it
Most definitely. He's young. He's gonna learn
What about this guy, Sixers fans?
AD had the best recurring jokes and it's something I can constantly go back to Her, George Michael's sword fighting video, etc
LA has the better future. Boston got too good and put themselves out of the lottery, which killed their chances of acquiring someone like Okafor. Russell is better than any prospect Boston has or will have in the near future (assuming that Brooklyn doesn't bottom out and those unprotected picks soar in value)
Cena's championship open has provided a guarantee of an exciting match more often than not. Not a good idea right now
I go there a couple of times a year. Being from Philly, it's such an interesting place. Some love their Pitt basketball, but it's hard to imagine them with an NBA team
It's very tough with the LV work schedule, but if the NHL can succeed there, I don't think the NBA will be far after
Okafor is the best scorer on his current team. Each possession will be a feed to Okafor and let him create, whether it's taking his defender to the basket or getting double teamed and kicking it out for the assist
There wouldn't be potential about it. You'd need to make it top 3 exclusively, otherwise philly gets your pick
I mean, I'm gonna be real here, free agent camps had no interest in choosing the Sixers while we were an average team. Draft picks can have no interest here, but the difference between them and free agents is that they really don't have a choice. We'll see you boys in summer league
The Sixers had no rep to fuck up
Shhhhhh. The Sixers had Evan Turner, Spencer Hawes to trade. Totally on the level of Love
I FEEL LIKE I JUST CAME TWICE
Dudes an asshat. Guy is gonna get shit on when the opportunity presents itself
Shhhhhhh.
Woah woah woah. Take it easy. You have to enforce the narrative of him being terrible at defense
"So I got that going for me"
If I wanted to see people get denied I'd go with you on Friday night to the bar
I mean I'm sure Kevin would put up numbers and give us spacing. He chose to be on the all star team
"Where'd who goooooo?" "And he's laughing at me on the radio" "That's me dickhead"
We do collect head coaching firings rumors like Predator collected skulls. In fact, if I could get a photoshopped predator with Hornacek, Scott, Karl and Minnesota headcoach faces, that'd be great
So we should probably draft the guy with a skill set most similar to Ish Smith, no?
Yeah but I've got a narrative to keep clean
This is magical by the way
He's 22. Could he be gotten with that OKC pick maybe?
That's a tough spot. Maybe the Heat drop that far down
Purely attitude issues for the guy. I really liked him though. He was sacrificed in the Veteran Leadership purge
Hahahahahahaha Holy shit
Okafor kept the game from getting away from the Sixers in the third. Nerlens is out there playing excellent defense. The two can coexist and thrive, it's just we need someone with more offensive prowess than Jerami Grant's lack of threes. We're so close fam
I'm really hopeful with this upcoming draft and free agency that we'll be an average 40 win team next year
I don't know man. The Sixers might just match up with Cleveland than other opponents
Point of the tank was to acquire potential all star talent on rookie deals, get enough of that, which will in turn create a free agent destination or you'll be able to trade your young assets for a James Harden
Lebron is the difference maker, through and through. As for the rest of the team, Philly matches up real well. Nerlens can guard Love, Okafor can bully Love in the paint. I'm nitpicking here of course, but if Lebron has an average game I think the Sixers can win. Lebron came in in the 4th and put the game away on that inbounds fade away, that three pointer and that fast break
Because your GM constructed you to suck dick Consider the source
No no, that's the problem with accumulating middling assets approach, which is what Boston has done. None of their players have that superstar feel to them
That and we'll believe us winning the lottery if we actually win the lottery
That was the fear of ours last year going into the draft. Mudiay was a better MCW clone. Do not want
Mudiay can still finish out the season strong. We'll see
Hell, I'd never say that the 76ers model is brilliant, but I think even you'd agree that Nerlens or Okafor is better than any player you have
I caught a lot of shit from Bucks fans in the offseason because I was really down on the team and its inability to shoot. Solid core, I like it more than the Celtics if the Bucks get more shooting in their lineup. Basically, get rid of MCW
I've really enjoyed the season. I was put off by the bloodlines gimmick also but I've grown to like some of them. Solid season in my book
Good game Chicago. It took a Herculean effort from Butler, but you got there As for my guys, I've never been less worried about the future. Kris Dunn, Jamal Murray, a front office whose trying to win and we won't be disappointed by much next year
Or ya know, Sixers aren't as bad as their record indicates. We haven't given up like other teams have. We're coming to play
We gonna make it, we gon make it, we gon make it
And the rest of the bulls squad are our foster family whose just being used to cash those government checks? Because that's what it felt like: Jimmy Butler and his foster family
We played a hell of a game. Our guys have a great future ahead of them. Good game Bulls. Not much to add
Christmas Eve with one, Christmas Day with the other. Thanksgiving with one, Black Friday or the following Saturday with the other. You get the idea
DOZENS
Cafe 210, but I haven't been back to campus in awhile, and the house is shut down for awhile
Avicii - Seek Bromance
It's a good read, more intense than the movie
I hate when we continue to go with the Smith/Noel pick and roll in the last five minutes of the game. No one is surprised and it takes us out of the game
hahahahaha just stay away from MCW
I've been out for going on five years. House is suspended for another couple of years. A swift kick in the balls.
I've really enjoyed the season. Ya gotta do an origins story every once in awhile, kids
Clips have Deandre. Devalues our assets (bigs) tremendously
WE AINT DEAD YET
I don't want to hear "you're a disgrace to the league" Go fuck yourself rest of NBA
I hope you get the clap
Doesn't matter. Not as bad as Mark Jackson
Have a tremendous respect for you guys. Hope you repeat again and the champagne tastes great in Cleveland
I picked the biggest asshole of the bunch who I knew would have a problem with me 9 years later and he's the brother I'm closest with
State Patty's Day used to be huge. Bid night was also a big one. Arts Fest also used to be pretty big but that's more during the summer session and involves locals more
Jim "Pillar O Salt" Harbaugh
I think once my pledge class graduated the newer guys started to have those parties. Looked pretty legit, too
I didn't realize this way a thing. Anyway, make sure to clean up your empties. Also bring plastic cups with you and pour the booze into the plastic cups and keep the glass out of sight
Sometimes I dream of an alternate reality where the Eagles trade back from 8 for extra picks, draft Tunsil, and then a QB in the 3rd round and a running back in the 2nd. Oh well, a man can dream
Excellent. Good to hear that it's still a blast to go to
Woah woah, take it easy. We have a negative narrative of Sam Bradford to uphold so we can bring in Wentz
DOZENS
Get them shitfaced and plastic wrap them to the flagpole
They lived next to us. House is gorgeous. I didn't know many other houses, but that fraternity was always observed as one of the best
Dick to dick touching?
2016 Haters Ball Nominee
To be alive?
If this trade went through there would be an uproar. If you thought the Hinkie firing was bad, this trade would be wildfyre
Elias Kotias
Cookouts. Buy the supplies, charge for burgers and hot dogs, fries, etc. dunk tank: have your biggest asshole brother just talking shit to students passing by. Host an athletic event among fraternities: you could get away with a softball tourney or maybe wiffle ball tourney. 50 a team, half of the proceeds go to you, half to the winner. There are plenty of ways to make money, just depends on what you can get away with
That would require the Rockets making the Finals, Patrick
When dry rushing became a thing cookouts got big. We wouldn't charge anyone but it was a way to get people through the door without IFC being in your shit
Wipe from front to back and you'll be fine, buttercup
One of our douches was cool with a chick rep at red bull while they were both students. They drive by in their truck. They're hot and hand out Red Bulls. Pretty much it
What client is this? Looks amazing
Neat
Planet Fitness fits my needs. Yes they serve pizza and bagels. Those things in moderation are completely ok. It's not their fault if you can't do something in moderation.
I absolutely adore the Walking Dead comic/graphic novel. the tv show is absymal and absolutely shits on the source material. I've hated the tv show since season 2 and the people's love for it really grinds my gears
the dude supports Rick keeping his hand. I'm pretty sure he endorses the show just to keep the cash rolling in
After butchering Angela the dude shouldn't be allowed near any other adaptation
if Jeff Teague was 22 and an all star this wouldn't be an issue. the fact is he's 28 and on the last year of his deal. it's not even close to being equal value
Clarkson is significantly more palatable than Teague. I would rather do this trade with you guys in a heartbeat
It doesn't stay as bad as it is now. My school already went through this a couple of years back. Tomorrow is another day. Your rivals will ridicule you and constantly remind you of everything. Just keep in mind that it eventually goes away when someone else fucks up. And there will be another one
We don't need another Buzzfeed article titled "Top 10 Frat Nicknames of All Time"
Whoops
Indeed. The Sandusky and Paterno jokes never get old
Yeah I could definitely see that. I don't drink coffee and with soda I'm the same way. I'll get a 20oz on Monday and it'll last me until Wednesday
Yup. There's no argument though; clarkson is easily the better choice than Teague, age and ceiling considered
Could be that that isn't the real brotherhood without banners. Could also be that there were ex freys in that group of individuals. Could also be that LSH is just taking it out on everyone in the riverlands. We need more information
Be loud obnoxious and funny
It is weird when I see canes fans being sad when I'm sure the Hartford fans felt the same way
Definitely. I just can't help but feel like "you only got this team because someone else lost one".
Unity. Hammer it through their heads that if one of them fucks up, all of them fuck up. Also, they'll learn to be personally responsible for the actions of the whole, which should, in theory, keep your asses out of trouble.
We had a brother who didn't drink and didn't do any drugs. Pretty impressive feat, honestly. He's a quality dude. College is also a bunch of 18-22 year olds experimenting a lot and trying to find themselves. You should be able to find a happy medium in a fraternity that mostly just smokes weed and drinks. People might do heavier stuff but it should be behind closed doors and not put in the open.
Politics on r/frat? This isn't going to end well
Bingo. Well put
WHERES THE BOY, STRING?
