Sweet.
&gt; I go to my local bar and talk to Trump people, and after a few beers they all start talking like leftists. They hate on bankers and international trade deals, corporate influence on government, all that crap. Everyone still believes in the myth of the American Dream, but folks on both sides are beginning to notice the perennial shortage of bootstraps. That narrative only works to motivate the working class if a large enough percentage of folks manage to retire into that nice house in the suburbs, with a boat and an RV parked in front. When people never get to retire at all, they eventually start to question why they're still shackled to the treadmill.
Add a dash of military intervention and a sprinkle of nationalism to the general neoliberal philosophy, and you've got the current American neoconservative politics. From a practical standpoint, they're the same bogeyman.
American neoconservative policies are essentially just neoliberal economics with a heavy helping of foreign military intervention and nationalism. Both the 'neoconservative' and 'neoliberal' descriptors refer to two slightly different flavors of centrist politics. There's about an 80% overlap between the two, primarily in the economic policy arena.
People conflate socialist and social democrat.
I hear Bill's was "JustThaTip69".
It's definitely a regional thing, unless something has changed recently. In the schools I am familiar with in Texas, you generally just get access to a clinic where you can see a RN and get a few minor things done for cheap. No emergency care and they can only prescribe some drugs (birth control, maybe antibiotics, etc. Nothing scheduled.)
It's mostly the folks that fall into the gap where they should be covered by the medicaid expansion, but don't live in a state that took it. Even when they make slightly over the poverty level, the subsidies are pretty pitiful compared to the plans you can afford. The 'cheap' insurance on the exchange is a joke. Most are high deductible plans that are essentially unusable by the folks in that income bracket outside of catastrophic injury. That means people that may only be pulling in $1200 - 1500 a month are faced with spending $250 - 300 (or more) every month on something that they won't be able to actually use if they get sick, but aren't literally dying.
You're right, BCBSTX is offering it even at my old school now. Looks like they started some time in 2014 or 2015. Here's to some positive progress in the loan star state ;)
Because when you see the speech in black and white, you'll start asking "why is this worth $225k again?" Worse, when you compare all of the speeches and find out she's basically saying the same 10 minutes worth of drivel, the only conclusion left to draw is that it was never about the speeches, and always about the cash transfer. She's dragged it out so long people are convinced something nefarious was said, and when it turns out to be just boilerplate corporatism, it will add a metric ton of fuel onto the corruption speculation theories. She should have released the transcripts immediately when challenged. Dragging it out this long has exacerbated the controversy. She's really bad at running for office.
If we can figure out a process that lets people remove fraudulent and incorrect accounts from their credit reports, we can figure out a system that will let people expunge things like this from background checks. We may never be able to remove every record from google, but it's the info returned by the major background check companies that are the primary source of these sorts of problems.
&gt; The fellow that Marco Rubio denounced as a con man has forced the leaders of the party to kneel before him, principles be damned. The deal is done. The ring has been kissed. On with the show. The schadenfreude is strong...
I think that's what they meant by "The ring has been kissed".
I'm Texan, born and bred, and it's been a shame watching what has been done to the state over the last 15 years. I mean, hell. When I was in high school, evolution wasn't a controversy and they taught us actual sex education (complete with handing out rubbers) and out interstate system was one of the best maintained in the country. Now, intelligent design is part of biology coursework, 'abstinence only' has more support than actual education, planned parenthood clinics are dropping like flies, and our bridges are literally falling down.
Sander's is just a target of opportunity because he is more accessible. Hillary keeps a lot tighter control on who she allows near her.
So Hillary works for the big banking firms. Got it.
That's only a small part of it. Most of the current issue can be traced back to [this map](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/Texas_redistricting_-_2002_and_2004.png), which was the result of the [2003 GOP-led redistricting coup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting).
Do you think Aaron Rodgers picks up the phone when the GM calls?
&gt; automation. It's already here and **as soon as it become less expensive** to replace a worker with a General Purpose Bot, it will be done. Painful times for yet another revolutionary transition. It's not even about the cost. It's already less expensive to buy kiosks than deal with employees. One of the biggest reasons keeping a lot of companies from aggressively transitioning towards kiosks for the majority of retail cashiers is pushback from older generations. It's part distrust of technology, part logistics. Kiosks don't work all that great when grandma wants to throw a wad of expired coupons at the cashier and then write a check, but processes are being streamlined and people are being weaned onto the new system. By the time the majority of the boomers retire, automated cashiers will be ubiquitous.
That entirely depends on the program. Admin costs range from about 2% (Child Care and Development Fund) to over 20% (HUD's public housing program), and this is before fraud is factored in. A UBI would significantly reduce admin costs for any program folded into it, and virtually eliminate fraud (since there would be no means testing).
There'd still need to be something in place for the folks that legitimately can't work (the elderly and disabled). Most plans I have seen call for the programs replaced by a UBI to be the 'gap programs' that are intended to supplement income (food stamps, housing allowances, etc).
&gt; Additionally, we should be able to offer employers more freedom to determine their own wages This is something that I think could help sell the idea to conservatives. It wouldn't be crazy to say that you could entirely eliminate the minimum wage if we had a robust UBI in place. If your basic needs are covered, who am I to say that it's wrong for you to go be a greeter at Walmart for $4 an hour worth of beer money and an employee discount on your 12 packs? It'd be between you and your employer to determine if your time was worth that when abject destitution is taken off the negotiating table.
Not to mention that drugs are expensive, which means poor people are often actually less likely to use than other demographics. And honestly, if the choice is between giving a crackhead a monthly check, or leaving them to their own devices to 'generate their own income', cutting them a check probably does less harm to society. The only downside I see there is the loss of free stimulus to the auto-glass and car stereo industries. ;)
Which would be a huge boon to small-scale entrepreneurs, not to mention having access to a UBI also provides a safety net to folks taking the risks to become entrepreneurs in the first place.
&gt; but re reading i realize you are not excluding the people who make millions of dollars from ubi. For folks in that income bracket, they would still be getting the payment, but it wouldn't be a net gain for them. It's be more of a mini tax refund. &gt; I had run into a person who told me his understanding of ubi was that anyone who currently made more than ubi would not get it. That completely undermines the primary benefits of a UBI by disincentivizing work.
Fair enough point, that's the potential assuming it gets people off the streets and back into society (or prevents them from falling through the cracks in the first place). It's also fair to point out that single payer healthcare is probably a prerequisite to a functioning UBI.
Same for the Walmarts around here. Outside of the 5-7 pm rush, there's usually only 2 or 3 lanes open at the super-centers here. But honestly, the days of the supercenter are probably numbered along with cashiers. Companies like amazon are aggressively moving into the grocery game while also pursuing automation. Combine that with a push towards self-driving cars and it is not inconceivable that a significant number of people will have their groceries delivered directly to their door with zero human interaction within the next 10 years.
I think you'll start to see a shift in grocery stores, more focus on fresh produce and meat, and less packaged items on the shelves. An online vendor can afford to devote more space to specialty goods than a brick and mortar because they're dealing with regional customer traffic, rather than local. That selection is going to sink local supercenters eventually as shipping continues to get cheaper. I already use prime pantry for a lot of my shopping--canned goods, cokes, paper stuff, and toiletries. I go to a local supermarket with a good meat market for pretty much everything else. Amazon is a big reason why Walmart gets almost none of my money these days.
I could also see charities or programs set up like a college dorm. You pony up some percentage of your UBI at the start of the month, and then you get a bed, access to a shared living space, and a seat in the cafeteria during mealtime. With the UBI money rolling in at the start of every month, places like that would be funded much better than current homeless shelters are, which gives them greater ability to provide diversion counseling or job training.
Every so often I still need slim jims and mountain dew at 2 am, but aside from the rare "I need it right now" purchase, I have made a conscious effort to quit giving Walmart my money.
It's not intended to replace the need to work, it's supposed to supplement other wages. For homeless people, it's enough to rent a room and buy food. That's all it's intended to be. Most homeless people do generate some sort of income, either through panhandling, collecting cans, or day labor type stuff. Add $12,000 a year onto what they are already doing, and that's enough to get them off the streets. Get some roommates, and since everyone is drawing the UBI, you can probably keep a relatively comfortable roof over your heads. The intent isn't to replace the need for generating income, just keep people from falling out of the bottom of society without a way to climb back out.
Agreed. Meanwhile, Bernie had this to say: &gt; ["Violence is absolutely and totally unacceptable, and if anybody is thinking about violence, please don't tell anybody you are a Bernie Sanders supporter because those are not the kind of supporters I want."](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/bernie-sanders-addresses-anti-trump-violence-698777667614)
&gt; I think in the vast majority of jobs, conducting some business with your personal email account is just fine. Not hardly. They issue you company email accounts for a reason. I have known several people who have been fired over the years for simply for emailing themselves company spreadsheets to "work on them at home" because they didn't want to be bothered with remoting into a virtual desktop. Company's tend to take a very dim view of people who play fast and loose with proprietary information. Replying to a quick question from your boss via your personal email when you are home is one thing, but refusing to use the required company IT infrastructure in favor of google docs and gmail is just going to lead to a spot in the unemployment line.
It really depends on the company, but in general, if the company has gone through the trouble of setting up it's own network or exchange server, they want all company business conducted on that network. Failure to do so is grounds for dismissal. In your situation, google docs was probably the digital equivalent of 'neutral ground', and smaller companies may not bother to invest in their own IT infrastructure. But in general, if they have it they want you to use it.
[I knew I'd seen that before somewhere.](http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/53_174101.jpg?resize=807x807) And there's also [this gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/l41lSmidaVJ1fTxDO/giphy.gif).
Dig a trench on the fence line and fill it with crushed gravel (something coarse), then dirt on top. Most dogs will stop digging when they hit gravel. (I say most, because some dogs are the right combination of hardheaded and retarded. In that case, at least you won't have to trim the nails on their front feet.)
Socialism isn't an opposing force for capitalism, it's a limiter that helps keep capitalism from eating itself.
Pretty much. Capitalist policies are great at incentivizing innovation and encouraging people to put out the effort to keep the economy pumping, but unbridled capitalism will grind people into dust and consume until it collapses under its own unsustainable growth. Socialist policies are great at mitigating risk and spreading the cost of required goods and services around enough so everyone can afford them, and ensuring that the poor aren't ground to paste and used to lube the gears of the market, but pure socialism tends to collapse under the weight of bureaucracy. Some things are best served by the market, and others are poisoned when you inject the profit motive. Until we manage to eliminate all forms of scarcity, society will probably best be served by a robust capitalist market operating alongside a robust social safety net. Swing too far in either direction on the pendulum and things break down.
Succinctly put.
Chickens are definitely domesticated then. They're basically just dumb balls of delicious meat toddling along on two legs at this point.
&gt; The other owners can ask a court to force a sale of the house. Which is a messy process that can be expensive and take a while. Op's dad has leverage. If he can afford it, I'd suggest using his 25% equity to help secure financing and buy out the other siblings, or try and work out a deal to pay them some sort of rent for their portions. Some courts will also require attempts at mediation before they will entertain a partition sale.
Don't fall into the trap of thinking reddit is representative of america. I'm not fan of Clinton either, but just because I won't vote for her doesn't mean every other Bernie supporter feels the same way. Most of Bernie's crowd fear Trump more than they dislike Clinton, and they'll turn out to cast a ballot for her to block him. It still may not be enough. The 5-8% that are true #NeverHillary might very well be enough to tip things in Trump's favor, but the vast majority will turn up to pull the blue lever all the same. &gt; There are other ways to vote against trump than a vote for Clinton. In a first past the post system, voting for anyone other than the two front-runners is a purely symbolic gesture. I wish that wasn't the case, but it's just the reality of math.
Yup. It was a blow to the gut. Only job I have ever been fired from. The shit Clinton pulled would not fly in the private sector. I don't understand why so many folks think she should get a pass for that sort of behavior in the public sector.
I'm still here, and about ready to pack my shit up and get out. The gerrymander coup has done a lot to fuck the state up. It's been painful watching Texas get dragged back into the dark ages over the past decade. The Lone Star State used to have its own unique feel. There was a strong libertarian streak, but thanks to the influence of Houston, Dallas, and Austin, it was a pretty inclusive form of libertarianism. Then the mid term redistricting happened, and we went from the most liberal bastion in the south, to the home of Ted Cruz in about a decade. As I said in other threads in the past, my old high school is now teaching abstinence only sex ed and intelligent design. It's so bad at this point that we're fucking up textbooks for half the country. My old biology teacher must be rolling over in his grave.
The policies that result from gerrymandering affect the voting districts, which means those effects roll up towards the national level.
Personally I think splitting the difference between one man one vote and the electoral college by proportionally allocating electoral college votes based on the popular vote in the state is preferable to the winner take all version we currently have. We've decided the large population centers shouldn't disproportionately affect the outcome of the presidential election, and our solution means that a handful of swing states now disproportionately affect the outcome. Once primary season is over, the democrats don't give a shit about Mississippi, the republicans don't care about California, and both spend way too much time kissing Florida's ass.
I'm not really a fan of living in an area where my vote is purely symbolic and utterly meaningless.
Let's say I am a GOP election official in charge of overseeing the logistics of the election for my district. My district includes a wedge of Houston and about 50 square miles of rural land. I put one polling location 20 minutes outside Houston to serve that portion of my 'constituents', and another dozen in centrally located spots in all the other little rural towns throughout the district. Those urban (democratic) voters have to drive out of their way and then wait in long lines to vote, while all of those rural voters are in and out in 5 minutes. The effect is the urban vote is suppressed in favor of the rural (red) vote.
The vast majority of the current issue in Texas is the result of [the GOP redistricting coup in 2003](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting). Prior to 2004, Republicans haven't held a majority in the Texas State legislature since reconstruction. After the redistricting they gained a supermajority. The map was rewritten again in 2012, [and further entrenched the GOP hold on the state](http://www.chron.com/news/politics/texas/article/This-is-how-badly-Republicans-have-gerrymandered-6246509.php). Since then, the GOP has enacted [voter ID laws that favor certain demographics](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/texass-voter-id-chicanery/2016/05/30/54d7cc96-2450-11e6-9e7f-57890b612299_story.html) (concealed handgun licenses are fine, student ids are not, etc), and confusion around what is or isn't an accepted form of ID [has led to voters just staying home](http://www.mysanantonio.com/opinion/editorials/article/Some-proof-of-Texas-voter-suppression-6444437.php). In the primaries this year, it's all come home to roost[ specifically in Harris county](http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/politics/houston/article/Tuesday-anything-but-super-for-some-Texas-voters-6866932.php) (the home of Houston). Voting locations all across the city were backed up, and one of the excuses for the limited number of voting machines deployed is that the budget had been slashed by the [Texas Secretary of State](https://www.houstonpublicmedia.org/articles/news/2016/03/02/139941/a-very-high-turnout-and-a-long-ballot-were-factors-for-the-long-lines-on-super-tuesday/).
Stop, stop. You're undermining the narrative. Muh bootstraps!?!!
As much as I like Bernie, this is correct. If it had been Trump v Kasich for the majority of the race, he'd have probably gotten support in a similar ballpark to what Bernie has gotten against Clinton. In the clown car he was just one more bland politician. In a two man race, he'd have been 'Not Trump'.
Some vexatious pro se litigants are lawyers themselves. California has had an epidemic of ADA lawsuits by vexatious litigants, and it's often lawyers or others with legal experience abusing the system for a payday.
&gt; Maybe they live on the other coast and he always tells them he's fine. My grandmother is like this. I've been staying with her to help out, and no one else in my family really realizes how much she's losing it. The problem is she seems perfectly fine in a 20 minute phone conversation with family, and she is very protective of her independence so she tends to lie to cover things up any difficulties she has. I started staying over her to help her more because I found out she was over $1000 overdrawn in her bank account. I had been doing grocery shopping for her, and the last check she wrote me bounced. When I got to digging through her finances, I found out she'd been double or triple paying some of her bills, had like 4 separate subscriptions to Time magazine, and she had been writing incorrect totals for her pension payments for the past 6 months (she reverted to the total she got when my grandpa was still alive, rather than the reduced total for just her). Once I got moved in, I started noticing all the weird little things she does, like ask me to fill up the furnace with oil because she's cold (she doesn't have a furnace), wake me up at 2 am every night because she forgets how to work the thermostat, or wake me up at 5 am every morning to go check on the hogs (no hogs). But when her daughter calls to 'check in', she sounds perfectly lucid. As shitty as it might feel, if the old dude doesn't have a support system, Op will be doing him a favor getting authorities involved.
And spending thousands of dollars to do it, only to have uncle Tom start whispering next week about it, and aunt Jenny the week after that. Defamation suits aren't really great for squashing rumors on a personal level. If Gawker was the one telling everyone he murdered his twin, that'd definitely be worth talking to a lawyer about, but engaging one to deal with a family whisper campaign like this is just a never-ending sinkhole of legal fees for no appreciable return.
I also think it was a troll. Op contradicted half of the statements he made throughout the comments. The whole thing reeked on him making it up as he was going.
They're usually random teenagers making $8 an hour working under one actual groomer. You get an $8 an hour worth of effort most of the time.
[I know who I'm voting for...](http://i.imgur.com/G3KH5yi.jpg)
And humans share about 96% of our DNA with bonobos.
Just follow up periodically with the ombudsman until you hear something. That's probably your best point of contact given the circumstances. Their whole job is to facilitate between navy and their families, and if nothing else, he'll get the information your friend's command.
In a debt collection context, the boss may have misunderstood him as if the person he was calling was claiming he wasn't legally able to contact her to collect the debt.
"You have to vote for Hillary because Trump is so, so much worse," is not the same as making the case that Hillary is actually worth voting for. It isn't enough for her to be 'less bad' than Trump. In some ways, I think she's worse. I don't expect Trump to be all that successful pushing his agendas. I do expect Hillary to be successful, and I don't trust them not to be insidious given the interests that she is beholden to.
Yup. Don't get me wrong, the most zealous of the Sandernistas are pretty damn annoying in their delusional optimism, but the vibe on S4P has always been one of naive optimism or righteous indignation. In contrast, the HRC supporters I have sparred with have almost universally had the sort of smug, condescending mannerisms that I associate with archetype of the "judgemental neighborhood busybody" who is always criticizing something, but never taking action.
It's certainly not every pragmatist who is defending Hillary, it's the 'yaaas queen' true believers who have been lobbing bombs at Bernie's folks since the beginning. If you want some examples, pop on over to /r/hillaryclinton and click around.
The Sanders spam was definitely pretty egregious for a while, and then he was deposed on /r/all for the Donald. But then I don't really count myself as a hardcore Sanders supporter (and I agree with you on the unrealistic expectations of a lot of the crowd), and although some of my posts arguing for realistic expectations from the Bernie true believers got a healthy dose of downvotes, I have never been personally attacked by Sander's fans. From this thread alone, I have received more than a few colorful PMs from the other side that have called into question my parentage and intelligence.
&gt; But look at this sub. It was a halfway decent sub before the election season hit and ever since then it has been... Ah, I see this is your first experience with presidential election season on r/politics.
Be glad you missed the Great Paulbot Wars of '08 and '12. This place is a shit show every time there is a contentious national election. It'll settle back down to 'normal' around april or may of next year.
S4P will actually put up with quite a bit of 'questioning'. You might get hit with a shitload of downvotes if they perceive it as concern trolling, but at least some folks will try and honestly respond, and you won't typically have your comments removed or catch a ban from the sub as long as you keep it civil. The same is not true for the subs dedicated to the other two candidates.
There's no way that Hillary taps him for VP. She can't control him, so she'll marginalize him. His influence ends once the convention is passed. The mainstream media will go back to ignoring him, and the democratic establishment will close ranks to shut him out. If he rocks the boat for Hillary's campaign, the dems will freeze him out in the senate. His only play right now is to maintain his relevancy as long as he can to try and tug the platform back towards the left a bit. Post convention, the only source of influence he will have is his email list.
Pretty much. This election has me ready to build a bunker and invest in popcorn futures.
&gt; [Be our guest...there is no room in the Democratic party for shit like that. Here's your hat, and there's the door....cya. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMTkedIUX8U) k. I hope the general works out for you guys, I guess.
There's two ways to interpret it, so I don't know if you can say that yet. On the one hand, it doesn't seem like he'd endorse her if he thought he'd have to walk it back in the near future, but on the other hand it gives him more deniability when/if he finds himself in the position of needing to hand pick a candidate to succeed her after an indictment. He'd face criticism regardless of the outcome.
You gotta step up your smug game. That's about the 40th time I've heard that one today.
[I think I have decided who I am voting for in November.](https://noneoftheabove.vote/)
[Yup. Headshot.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG-qsBC60Pg&amp;feature=youtu.be)
"Not forbidding it" and "guaranteeing it" are two entirely different standards.
&gt; I'm having a hard time trying to decide if the groups responsible for FOIA requests are incompetent (or just don't give a fuck) or if there were efforts to obfuscate. Why not both?
He has to endorse her to get the party started on unification so things are primed when he hands it off to Biden.
Its almost a guarantee that they'll bring articles of impeachment against her, but they need a 2/3rds majority to carry in the senate. The GOP won't likely have that, so she won't be removed unless the Dems break ranks. What we will have instead is a lame duck president and four years of utter gridlock that will make us pine for how 'reasonable' congress was in the first few years following the passage of the ADA.
Stay home. Drink. Wait for it to be over.
I was old when you were in highschool.
I agree.
They're not a 'real' publisher. They're a vanity press. Op dodged a bullet. Publishers are supposed to pay the author, not the other way around.
The relevant article reads: &gt; “The President, Vice President and all Civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.” — U.S. Constitution, Article II, section 4 It doesn't really specify that the wrongdoing must take place in office, or what 'high crimes and misdemeanors' is. So the correct answer is that the president can be impeached for whatever reason the House of Representatives can come up with, and then secure at least a simple majority vote for when articles of impeachment are drafted. If the investigation doesn't complete until she is already in office, and it returns with a recommendation to indict, the GOP will impeach if they still have the house. Of that I have no doubt. The Senate might kick it back on a legal technicality, or it may never carry the 2/3rds. And all of that is before they even call her to testify on the findings would be an endless number of summons, hauling her in to be interrogated in front of congress, and they'll use the evidence supplied to hit her pointed questions that she won't be able to answer, meaning she'll either be held in contempt or end up perjuring herself. It will be a shitshow if this drags out until after the election.
The incrementalism is one of the things that pisses me the most off about the establishment agenda. They do a little so they can ignore a lot. If the government were a house, and the politician the contractor hired to fix it, it's like they demand payment in full after replacing a broken doorknob even though the kitchen is still on fire, the upstairs bathroom is flooded, the ceiling in the guest bedroom has collapsed, and the basement still has three feet of raw sewage in it.
When the choice has come down to what flavor of criminal you want, it's no wonder folks are a little bent out of shape having the closest thing to an honest politician seen in our lifetime leave the race.
'The other guy' will always be worse in a two party system. Accepting that as reason enough to support your own terrible candidate is how we got to the edge of this precipice.
The democrats can't move any more to 'the middle' without joining the GOP.
That'd be awesome if 'compromise' in the American political system had a definition different than "whatever keeps the general population from rioting while we fondle Wall Street's balls".
Hey, I'm not Trump *or* Clinton. Vote me, 2016!
Sounds about like my plan, Netflix and day drinking.
&gt; Clinton spent decades cultivating corporate donors. Why didn't Bernie sell out? FTFY
Somewhere along the line you got the romantic idea of the document crossed with the legal reality of it. The Constitution was always intended to be a living document that was 100% modular and able to be modified and updated with the times. You have the rights outlined in the document, which hopefully reflect the general consensus of the people at the current time. That consensus can change, and in the infinite wisdom of the founders, they included mechanisms within said document to amend those outlined rights as necessary to stay current. **Edit:** again, this isn't me saying the first ten amendments are likely to change (it would be damn near impossible due to the cultural romanticism surrounding the Bill of Rights), nor that any of them *should* change, but they *could* be changed just like any other amendment.
3rd party is a pipe dream in a 1st past the post system. Best case scenario is one builds up enough momentum to be a spoiler for an election cycle or two, then falls back into obscurity. Federal funding for them is tax dollars wasted. And even so, the only viable 3rd parties are the lolbertarians and the Woo Party, and neither really has anything I want to be associated with.
&gt; Bernie outspent Clinton A pretty common misconception. Bernie outspent Clinton's *campaign*, spending a little over [$200](https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/candidate.php?id=N00000528) million to Clinton's $174 million. Of course then you need to factor in the other $40 million spent [on behalf of Clinton through the Superpacs supporting her](https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/candidate.php?id=N00000019). But I can understand why you would be confused considering the [skewed coverage given the race by the MSM](http://www.npr.org/2016/04/29/476047822/sanders-campaign-has-spent-50-percent-more-than-clinton-in-2016). Maybe Bernie should have [cultivated more connections there too](http://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2015/05/clinton-foundation-donors-include-dozens-of-media-organizations-individuals-207228).
The number is actually a little closer to $10 million. But honestly, with the full and obvious support of the DNC establishment, her political brand, and the covert support of other powerful interests (like google), I'm surprised the had to actually dip into her war chest that much. She already had a network in place to fight the one Bernie had to build from scratch. I guarantee her campaign dollars went farther than his. The bills she wracked up beating down his insurgent campaign is honestly one of the biggest pieces of evidence that corroborates just how unpopular she is with the electorate. She's Hillary Goddamned Clinton, and she had to get into a street brawl to knock an elderly great value socialist out of the race.
I'm not old enough to remember McGovern, but I do remember Reagan. I also remember the Blue Dogs, Bill, and how he and his Third Way picked up where Reagan left off and continued to gut the safety net, dismantle financial regulations, and auction off the remains of the middle class to the highest bidders. The DNC sold its soul to neoliberalism under Bill's watch, partly as a response to having their ass handed to them in the wake of McGovern's run, and I am not looking forward to Clinton 2.0 to continue that trend. **Edit:** And as a bit of friendly advice, if you are intent on campaigning for Hillary on reddit "*I don't know how old you are, but"* is a pretty terrible way to start the conversation off. I didn't take offense with your statement, but I can't tell you how many times my damn near 40 year old ass has been called some variation of 'kiddo' by Clintonistas. Implying someone is too young to know better is a pretty good way to get their hackles up.
80% of the population is concentrated in urban centers, but "what about small-town Nebraska" will get trotted out every time someone brings up the minimum wage.
Is the economy actually doing well, or is it just "not currently imploding"? It's hard to tell these days.
&gt; because it is clearly frustrating to both new and old voters That's not a bug, it's a feature.
&gt; especially since the Vote of No Confidence overwhelmingly came from the next generation of voters That was a very succinct way of putting it. Both Sanders and Trump represent a vote of no confidence for the establishment, and voters are becoming increasingly willing to vote for *anyone* who doesn't 'look' like a politician. If Clinton manages to slither into office, [I can only imagine who might end up as 'serious' candidates in the next cycle](http://imgur.com/gallery/6MFLojh) if this trend continues.
Watch Trump stall out and throw a tantrum for a couple of years.
I'd vote for Terry Crews (in character, or out) over both of the current front-runners in a heartbeat.
[She supports whatever is popular when running for office, then 'evolves' towards whatever is politically expedient while in office.](http://i.imgur.com/uDSPOoY.jpg) She's Schrodinger's democrat, able to be on both sides of hot-button issues at the same time.
The 'other guy' will always be worse, and both parties will use fear of the other guy to cover their own shortcomings. As long as you keep eating whatever shit they put in front of you, they have no incentive to change the menu.
It means protest votes. Expending the effort to actually turn out only to vote "none of the above" sends a much stronger message than staying home because it tells the political parties that you are politically active, but withholding your consent to their bullshit. Even 3-5% NotA votes would send a pretty damn clear message that people are pissed off at the games (and it sends the message even clearer than 3rd party votes do).
As someone who will never vote Hillary, I agree with that assessment. The resolve of most of the #neverhillary crowd won't survive the next six months of democratic fearmongering directed at Trump. Most of the folks who are *Never Hillary* today will turn out to vote against Trump in November. That said, I think voter turnout on both sides of the aisle will be abysmal this cycle. The campaigns of both parties is fueled primarily by hatred of the other side (beyond a small, vocal base), and that isn't how you generate voter turnout. And *that* trend, rather than the #neverhillary push, may be what sinks her. If Trump's rabid fanbase survives and keeps pushing, Hillary is going to lose due to the enthusiasm gap.
And that exact line of reasoning is how we got to this point. "If you don't vote for my guy, it's your fault when the villain on the other side wins". There will always be another villain, a reason why I *have* to fall in line with the establishment. But guess what, my support is not unconditional. I'd rather vote for what I want and lose, that vote for what I don't and win.
I think you accidentally posted this in the wrong sub. I'm as wary of CtR shills as the next guy, but this seriously belongs on /r/conspiracy.
It's not always nefarious. Reddit is held together with bubblegum and duct tape. Sometimes its server sync issues.
Just look at what happened in the microcosm of reddit when the CtR announcement hit. I'm not a fan of Hillary, but I am sympathetic to the sheer amount of bullshit her legit supporters get on /r/politics in the wake of that press release. Announcing Barrier Breakers gave anyone who dislikes Hillary carte blanche to accuse all of her real supporters of being paid shills. I half believe they made that announcement specifically to provoke abuse against her supporters in a bid to martyr them.
&gt; You do know many places can get access to the same OEM screens Apple use, right? There's no such thing as a legit OEM parts available outside Apple's supply chain unless you're buying stuff that "fell off a truck". The folks manufacturing Apple hardware only sell to Apple. Anyone claiming they have legit Apple parts for sale at volume are lying to you (probably to jack up the price). That said, there is a huge variation if the quality of replacement screens on the market, and there are some 3rd party parts that are of similar build quality, but they're still essentially counterfeits of the real thing.
As a white man married to a black woman, I'm going to politely go ask my bitch if she wants to fuck.
Part of having a degree shows (at the very minimum) you can stick to a schedule, follow instructions, find information, and have a grasp for the jargon used in the field they are hiring you into. The other side is requiring a degree is just '*the way things are done'*. It's kind of a right of passage. They have a degree, the people that hired them had one, and requiring folks with a college education tends to select for a specific social class and guarantee a shared culture.
It's not shadowbanning. It's server sync issues. It's the weekend and reddit is under heavy load because of the news today. The duct tape holding their servers together is starting to catch on fire.
It's server sync issues. Not shadowbans. Refresh and you'll get served a different cached copy of the page with different comments visible.
In the following 20 years, the people who started without degrees have mostly retired or moved on, and the culture has changed. I'm not saying it's an awesome turn of events for secretaries to be required to have a 4 year degree in business administration to make $12 an hour while answering phones and setting appointments, but in an anemic economy with a shitload of underemployed folks with student loans to pay for, employers can afford to be choosy. It's a buyer's market.
Server sync issues.
That's exactly the sort of rational response she will approach this with, and exactly the sort of reasoned response that will fall flat. Things like terror attacks, particularly one as highly charged as this, provoke an emotional response. Trump will respond with an emotional answer, and people will resonate with that far stronger than a conversation on gun control and foreign policy. This plays 100% to Trump's rhetoric. The fact that the gunman in this case acquired his guns **legally** undermines Hillary's.
It's hard to look presidential while ducking out on interviews and dodging the media. You're right, the public has the memory of a goldfish, and he will give a hundred impromptu interviews that will be covered constantly, drilling his face and voice into people's heads every single news cycle, and she will release the occasional official statement that is covered as a footnote. He is out and in front of the cameras every day, unafraid of the press. She is not. He'll act, she'll respond. This attack has played right into his 'xenophobic rhetoric', and regardless of what you might want to believe, the majority of Americans are going to be nodding along to that rhetoric in the wake of "the largest Islamic terror attack since 9/11".
&gt; The majority of Americans are not xenophobic bigots. I truly wish that was the case, but I think you'll find out over the next few months that this is wishful thinking on your part. 55% of Americans had an unfavorable view of Islam *before* this attack. Now a guy has declared allegiance to ISIS right before committing the largest mass shooting in US history at a gay nightclub. It's a hate-crime flavored terrorist attack that happened out of the blue in a swing state with a history of deciding presidential elections. Truly let the nuances of this situation sink in before you place too much faith in the reasonable nature of the average American.
And the other side will say you don't have to be a bigot, or ban a religion, to want strong borders and take extra steps to keep 'Islamic radicals' out of the country. The problem is you think I am on the other side of this issue. I want what you do. I'm a far-left liberal who wants common-sense gun control and an inclusive, peaceful society. But mankind is not a rational animal, we are *rationalizing* animals, and this attack plays right into Trump's nationalist / emotional brand while shutting off the parts of the brain required to parse Hillary's reasoned response.
Yup. This theory had instilled so much hope for something awesome this episode, and instead we got her recovering overnight from vicious stab wounds and Jaqen shrugging and watching her leave after she tells him she quits.
This is mostly me just riffing off the theories posted in this sub. It just irks me that this huge arc with Arya, full of character growth and training montages, ends with her basically punching herself in the face and reloading an earlier save file.
Yup. CNN had "Hillary willing to call Orlando attack ‘radical Islamism’" scrolling across the bottom of the screen when I visited my grandmother earlier. The news story is now about how she is responding to Trump rather than addressing the act itself. He's in the lead, and she is following. I'll say again what I said right after this terrible mess happened, that attack handed Trump the White House.
Either the regulations should apply equally to everyone, or no one. There's no transparency or public oversight for secret terrorist lists or FBI investigations, and lack of rights connected to secret lists is a terrible, slippery slope.
Before they add regulations like that, they need to add the processes to those 'lists' that keep due process intact. That would mean you would need to be informed that you were under investigation and had been added to a 'list of suspected terrorists', and be given a legal mechanism to remove your name from the list. Adding regulations that make it impossible for you to purchase firearms because the FBI decided to add you to some list in secret is the same as giving the FBI the ability to deny the purchase of firearms to anyone, for any reason, with no oversight. That's a huge step up in federal power (and this comes from someone who is not a huge fan of guns). It is imperative that we protect the rights of the worst among us, or lose them for the rest of us. [First they came](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_they_came_...), and all that.
The FBI will never agree to notifying people when they are under this sort of investigation, nor should they. But certain people may push the knee jerk solution you did earlier in this thread of denying people on these 'lists' due process. That is an extremely dangerous position to take. Once you deny due process in one avenue, it creates legal precedent and can metastasize into many other places without legislative oversight.
Agreed. As national values push towards the more liberal end of things, a not insignificant number of home grown fundamentalists are in the process of self-radicalizing. As the christian right's power continues to decline, more people will respond by turning to terrorism to fight the 'culture war'.
"Mainstream" Christians who practice charity and stick to the 'love thy neighbor' edict are great, but the [only difference between Y'allqaeda and radical Islam is degree](http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2016/06/12/christian-pastor-celebrates-nightclub-massacre-theres-50-less-pedophiles-in-this-world/).
Washington is in a bubble. Once you've been in office for a few decades, relying on aids to mediate between you and the people who elected you, you forget how 'regular' people live. The same thing happens to celebrities. Once you're insulated form the world for a while, you essentially fossilize and stop keeping up with the changes in the culture around you.
That sound you heard when they first released the shooter's name was the Christian right sighing in relief.
I believe we have an unhealthy relationship with guns in this country, but we're in too deep and there are no easy answers that don't include a systemic overhaul (from mental health reform, to education, to income inequality, to gun legislation). There's no such thing as "sensible gun control" that doesn't completely overhaul the system, beginning by addressing the drivers of violence, and ending with legal reform. Everything is interconnected, and there is no magic bullet that will fix the problem.
&gt; I have said that many times today and someone always goes "Mexico!" as if a failed narco state is a valid argument against all the other nations where it does work. Just like people always toss Australia into the gun debate, but fail to acknowledge that it's separated from its nearest neighbor by about 200 miles of water, has only two cities with more than about 500,000 people (the 10 largest cities in the US have a larger population than Australia), and it has a total population smaller than Texas sprawled out in a country nearly the size of the US.
And black male attacks are "gang related" instead of terrorism.
More than that, there are reports that he may have been in the closet himself. Take his religion out of the mix, and this has all the makings of many stories that have come before of an unhinged, self-hating guy who couldn't reconcile his sexuality with his conservative upbringing, and eventually popped under the pressure.
Yea. This. My wife has asthma and bad seasonal allergies, and that combo can easily cause a secondary infection and lead to pneumonia. Every year when the ragweed starts dropping pollen she has to be very careful or she ends up in the hospital. I can't imagine what would happen if a roommate suddenly decided to start growing it as a houseplant.
Unfortunately there are 'Christians' out there gloating about the attack. Homosexuals are less than human in the minds of some evangelicals, and even if they aren't applauding what happened, there are many (in their heart of hearts) who think the folks in Orlando "reaped what they sowed". As someone from a Southern state, I can attest just that as yet more acquaintances and family members were purged from my Facebook feed over the last 24 hours for that sort of vitriol, which seems to happen after every similar tragedy.
The "religious right" is a specific politically active and loosely connected coalition that wield a lot of power, with the biggest being primarily the Mormons, CBN, the American Center for Law and Justice, Christian Advocates Serving Evangelism, Falwell Ministries, and the Liberty Council. There are others, but those are some of the biggest movers and shakers in the political arena. When people refer to the religious right, they're not saying "all religious people lean right," they're referring to those specific groups, which are primarily Southern and Midwestern protestants, Mormons, and evangelicals (which all skew pretty far to the right).
&gt; about a showing at noon on Wednesday but no one shows until 9:00pm Wednesday. When they show up at 9pm for a real-estate showing, the correct response is to politely answer the door wearing nothing but tighty whiteys and an erection and tell them you didn't expect them to be nine hours late, but they're welcome to come in and have a quick look around. Bonus point are awarded if you have loud porn going on the TV and a bottle of hand lotion and box of tissues is visible on the coffee table.
There's nothing wrong with political strategy. The issue is that when you don't have some underlying set of values, *everything* is negotiable. Bernie has a history of compromising with the other side to work towards his goals, but his compromises are still informed by his values. Hillary seems to have a history of compromising her *values* to accomplish her goals, and that is a very different political animal.
Have you ever considered that it wasn't a media plot, and that negative coverage might just be because Hillary is a weak candidate with a scandal-plagued history, mixed track record, and demeanor that engenders a lack of trust? Could it be that some of the criticism is actually warranted, and not the result of a "vast, right-wing conspiracy"?
The problem is you have confirmation bias. You're ignoring Hillary's inherent faults as a candidate along with the different strategies of both Bernie and Trump. She gets "held to a higher standard" mostly because she has a bad habit of contradicting herself. She's been on both sides of so many positions that every interview is full of landmines and booby traps, so she doesn't give unscripted interviews. Because she doesn't answer direct questions, the media is left to speculate. When they speculate, things tend to turn negative. She could address things directly, but apparently her advisors have decided to stay the course. Bernie was immune to similar attacks because his values and statements have been largely consistent over the years. Additionally, he outright refused to answer leading questions, and had a tendency to launch into his stump speech at any provocation. It was the political version of how Daniel Radcliffe trolled the paparazzi by always wearing the same outfit. You don't keep taking pictures (or asking questions) if the result is always the same. Trump just straight up lies or tries to use jedi mind tricks when called out, which shouldn't work, but he combines it with generating so much "new content" that he shoves his old statements out of the news cycle by replacing them with new ones. He's basically doing the political equivalent of shitposting dank memes. 90% of what he says may be garbage, but the other 10% goes viral and pushes the garbage off the front page. My personal problem with Hillary is lack of trust. Bernie's years in office proved that he's willing to compromise his goals, but not his values. Hillary has a tendency to compromise her values in service to her goals. She's a product of the "Third Way" democratic coalition her husband played a major role in. It was a very politically callous and calculated movement that changed the face of the party (in my view) for the worse. She's what every Third Way democrat is, a collection of center-right economics married to center-left social policy, but takes it a step further with an aggressive foreign policy. She will probably be great for women's issues, and pretty good for LGBT rights, but it's very likely that her economic policies will be far off from what a lot of progressives want, and her foreign policy means at least another decade of playing in the sandbox. I don't think most rational democrats really believe she'd be worse than Trump, but depending on what their pet issues are, she may not be a hell of a lot better. Criticism of her is pretty damn valid for a lot of reasons. She's a weak, scandal-plagued candidate with a habit of 'evolving' based on political expedience rather than inherent values. This may get me some down-votes, but I seriously doubt she'd be considered a 'front runner' in the party aside from her name and her sex. A lesser known candidate with her issues would have never made it through the vetting process to get to the first debate stage, and even a Bill Clinton clone would have likely been discouraged from running given the currently looming investigation. She's sitting at the head of the DNC right now because the Clinton's essentially control it. The pieces for her run started being moved into place eight years ago, and even so, an unknown insurgent candidate managed to force her into a bloody street brawl that never should have been as long and as bitter as it was given her advantages.
I went through the pictures and my imagination was on fire, then I click on the comments and I am disappoint.
&gt; Furthermore, she's still one of the most effective lawmakers. More so than sanders for example. That's not really true, for someone working from outside the two party system his entire time in office, he was the "[roll call amendment king from 1995 to 2007](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/24/bernie-s/bernie-sanders-was-roll-call-amendment-king-1995-2/)", meaning he got more of his amendments into legislation than any other sitting senator during those years, and he's the fourteenth most prolific for amendments in the history of the country. He's done a *tremendous* amount to push his agenda on the floor, and helped to shape a significant amount of *real* legislation that eventually became law. On top of that, he was a key member of the Veteran's Affairs Committee, and helped broker a bipartisan deal to get it out of gridlock and pass meaningful reforms to begin to address the egregious benefits delays veterans were (and are) facing. He's been getting shit done for decades, the primary difference is he was actually working rather than seeking the national spotlight. &gt; Also, she left her time as Secretary of State as one of the most popular of all time. Her career is not nearly as tainted as you're implying. Moreover, she's also consistently one of the most admired women. She bailed before the mess could catch up with her. Her tenure has been called into question through a host of issues [that didn't immediate reveal themselves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillary_Clinton%27s_tenure_as_Secretary_of_State#Post-tenure_issues), from her involvement with Libya, to accusations of financial corruption revolving around defense contractor accounting, to the recent email investigation. However, if those were the only issues surrounding her, one could extend her more of the benefit of the doubt, but her career [has been plagued with accusations of corruption for decades](http://www.npr.org/2016/06/12/481718785/clinton-scandals-a-guide-from-whitewater-to-the-clinton-foundation). People can blame it on right wing witch hunts if they like, but that is a whole lot of smoke for there to be no fire.
People need to keep in mind that Australia is separated from it's nearest neighbor by about 200 miles of water, it has only ~~two~~ six cities with more than about 500,000 people (the 10 biggest cities in the US have a combined population greater than Australia's), and their total population is lower than that of Texas, in a landmass nearly the size of the US. And all of that is before you even get into the cultural differences. Their successes in gun control won't easily be recreated here.
The focus on assault rifles is a smokescreen. In terms of numbers, handguns kill far, far more people on a daily basis, mostly due to how easy they are to transport and conceal. An attack like Orlando is sensational and visceral, and assault rifles conjure scary images because of them, but they are ultimately a drop in the bucket compared to the average of 11,000 firearm homicides that happen every year. If you banned assault rifles tomorrow (after you actually define the difference between an 'assault rifle' and 'just a rifle'), it'd only be a matter of time before someone takes a legal glock, buys a hundred round drum and a sear kit online, and sprays another crowd somewhere. The problems driving gun violence are systemic (from mental health failings to income inequality), and we're in too deep to slap an assault rifle ban shaped bandaid over the problem and actually have a measurable result.
Before you're likly to see the same results as Australia, you're going to need to convince 90% of the US population to move, dig a moat around the country a couple of hundred miles wide, and then address the totally different gun culture we have here. Some of that sweet socialized medicine may not be too bad an idea, either, so folks can get a little more access to mental health care.
&gt; complete background checks You mean like NICS? Background checks are another smokescreen, because they are already happening for the majority of purchases, but they're too easily defeated by the secondary market. The only way background checks become effective is if guns are essentially titled like cars and all private transfers registered with the government, and that is a much tougher sell to the sovereign citizen crowd.
Australia and the US are roughly the same size. This is the population density [down under](http://www.aph.gov.au/binaries/library/pubs/rp/1999-2000/2000rp09-01.gif), and here it is [at home](http://www.mapofusa.net/us-population-map.gif). Population density has a direct correlation to crime while simultaneously increasing the difficulty in policing it. Dense population centers are like pressure cookers creating shitheads. The more people interacting in a space, the more opportunities for violence to occur. Australia has the advantages of needing to police a much smaller area of land (most of the population hugs the coasts while the interior is largely empty), and having an overall lower density of people even in the primary population centers.
Now sell that idea to the NRA.
The problem is incremental changes essentially amount to the same security theater as the TSA. We feel like we're accomplishing something, but there is no measurable success from the inconvenience you inflict. Fixing our "gun problem" means addressing the entire system if you want to see results. The legislation comes last, if you want it to do any good, otherwise it's ineffective and becomes evidence for not even trying in the future. That means a complete overhaul that attacks the drivers of violence (mental health and poverty), along with completely changing the American culture (you won't fix the problem without buy in from the vast majority of the public), and the cherry on top of that is probably amending the constitution (and that's pretty damn hard). By the time we get all that sorted out, you'll be able to download an assault rifle and print it off at home, and then it's all moot again. At this point in our society, the ubiquitous nature of guns is a foregone conclusion. They've always been a part of American culture, and they always will be. If you want to keep seeing violence go down (and despite what the media may tell you, violence has been steadily declining since the 90's), you need to address the things driving violence, not the tools people use to commit it.
Sure you do. The NRA is a powerful lobby with deep purse strings and a defined message, and on the other side you have a poll that says *Fifty-five percent of Americans want laws covering the sale of firearms to be "stricter than they are now"*. That's a very nebulous position that has changing support depending on how strict, and which firearms you're talking about. To some people that means universal background checks, to others it means banning assault rifles, and to some it means banning everything. That means you're herding cats and trying to build consensus for what "stricter than they are now" actually means in real life, and on the other side you have an organized political machine actively working against you to muddy the waters and hit your elected representatives where it hurts (in their fundraising accounts).
Because Japanese people are weird. Seriously though, Tokyo's uniquely low crime rates are a product of the unique culture. You can cherry pick outliers all night long. There's always going to be weird examples on the far ends of the bell curve, but nothing that works in Tokyo is going to work to give us magically lower crime rates here unless you manage to transplant the Japanese culture that makes it work along with it.
Well, keep up with the optimism, I guess.
I'm not sure you understand how math works. [Here's Texas superimposed over Australia](http://www.texasmonthly.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/23/2015/01/australia.png). Texas has about 3.5 million more people than all of Australia. The greater Houston area has a population of 6.2 million alone (that's more than a quarter of Australia's total population). The greater Sydney area (the largest city in Australia) has 4.6 million. The population density in Houston is 3,371.7 people per square mile. The population density of Sydney is about 599.3 persons per square mile. Despite the fact that a slightly greater percentage of people in Australia live in urban areas, those urban areas have a lower overall population density than urban areas in the United States.
HOAs don't really propagate because living under them is awesome, they're mostly created to protect the investments of developers. That they do the same for owners is mostly incidental. The problem is that once the developers sell off an move on, the HOA persists, and then the bureaucracy they leave behind either tends to atrophy due to apathy, or become populated by neighborhood busybodies with napoleon syndrome.
Yeah, but 4chan loves a good story about crazy hoarders. It might be ignored, or it may end up grabbing their imagination. If that happens, people will start calling the number, and since 4chan hates indiscriminately, it's inevitable that some of the people calling will be telling the person that their neighbors posted it specifically to add more fuel to the fire.
A bridge is another option instead of implants, and that'd be about half the cost. Cosmetically the result would be the same for front teeth, but you'll probably be cutting up your apples for the rest of your life.
&gt; possible to dissolve a HOA It depends. The HOA covenant may spell out how it can be terminated, or your state may have laws that dissolves them automatically if they are not registered periodically (but the terms may be as long as 30 years). But it's also good to remember that HOAs are democratic organizations. If you can rouse enough of your neighbors to a little grass roots action, you can strangle it even if you can't get rid of it. If the majority of the people in the HOA don't want it, but can't actually get rid of it, you can run for leadership positions, vote to give away or sell off the property owned by the HOA, reduce the dues to zero, then cease enforcing the covenants. It may rise from the dead in the future, but them's the breaks.
Most HOAs are no big deal (and can even be kinda ok), but the ones who are bad seem to be nightmares. My suggestion is to pick the shittiest looking house on the block where you are shopping, knock on the door, and ask how they feel about their HOA. If they don't immediately fly into a frothing rage, you'll probably be fine. If you do find yourself living under an HOA, it really does behoove you to be involved. The big problem with a lot of them is they tend to end up being a little tribal, and just being acquainted with the folks running it can head off a lot of problems. Also, if you're attending the meetings (they're usually pretty rare, just once or twice a year) you won't be surprised with changes, and the best way to keep them from going of the rails in the first place is participation by the homeowners.
Op would need to post the contract language from his closing documents. A 'civic improvement association' is usually a non-governmental non-profit with no power, but they can sometimes be a stealth phrase that some HOAs have rebranded themselves with since people hate HOAs so much. If it is just the HOA, I can't imagine he could be penalized for not following their standards without either being a member, or having those standards and penalties outlined in the contract (which would effectively make him a non-dues paying member). If it isn't the HOA, I can't imagine he'd be able to be penalized unless they sue him for breach of contract, and they certainly couldn't place a lien on his property unless it was spelled out explicitly in something Op signed. I think there's one of two explanations for this, either Op is misreading that language in the contract and they actually are part of the HOA, or the HOA is full of shit and its only power in the situation is reporting Op to the city for breaking ordinances.
#**THE SMALLEST!**
I was reading an article about it a month or two back that was basically Colorado police hand wringing about how they're still chasing a ton of illegal weed dealers. What they meant was there are still people who'd rather spend $50 to buy an ounce of shitty weed from a dealer than $200 an ounce at a shop. The overhead of running a brick and mortar, and taxes, has definitely incentivized a black market willing to undercut the prices.
Can I catch a ride? I don't think I want to live on this planet anymore.
This is a possible explanation for the "why" part of the simulation theory of the universe. What do you do to create new human consciousnesses if you are a human civilization that has moved beyond biological procreation? Creating a system that simulates the "meat parts" of the process, and allows the consciousness to form and mature within an authentic environment would be one option. Sort of an organic approach to artificial intelligence coding.
And honestly for good reason. I can get behind armed security at bars, but booze and guns don't mix all that well otherwise.
I have a feeling they are already trying to beg / bribe / force him out of the race behind the scenes. Whether that will work, or not, is a big question. This honestly has already been such a shit show of an election, it wouldn't surprise me if they just outright revolted at the convention and picked someone else. It's a race for hate votes at this point, and Trump hate is winning over Hillary hate.
There is a small part of me who still expects Trump to step out of the race after the convention, [and endorse Hillary.](http://www.usapoliticstoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/TrumpBClinton.png)
Hating them is fine, but all of them hating you falls under the [asshole rule](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG4hOjJ9tEs).
It's not even about 'not liking guns'. Firearms don't commit violence themselves, they just make committing it easier. We've already got more guns in circulation than people, without near universal buy-in from the population, there is no realistic future where any sort of ban is going to have more than a statistically irrelevant effect of firearm deaths. It would be far more effective to address the variables driving violence than try to regulate the tools used to commit it. Human beings are tool using animals. When we don't have access to the tools we need, we make or modify others to solve the problem. If you somehow manage to make it so that 'someone who shouldn't have a gun' can't get access through secondary markets or failures of bureaucracy, all that means is they will find a new tool to do what they intend to do. Without an assault rifle, the next Orlando will just be caused by an improvised explosive, arson, a just a truck driven through the middle of a crowd, or any number of other ways people can cause mass casualty when something in them breaks and they have no support system to recognize it. We'd all be served much better by addressing the forces driving violence, rather than the symptoms. Weapons bans are like trying to save a gunshot victim by giving blood transfusions, rather than stitching the wound closed.
You need to ask the lawyer what authority the civic improvement organization has to issue violations. Most such organizations are nonprofit "clubs", not governmental entities. Unless they're connected to the local government, or you've somehow fallen under the purview of the HOA, they should have no more ability to place a lien on your house than the Salvation Army.
And that is the question. [What does the staff actually spend its time doing.](http://www.wsj.com/articles/who-needs-the-clinton-foundation-1429281258)
If the dad has checked out and is refusing to help, Op needs a guardianship to navigate the FAFSA requirements. I was in the same boat with a deadbeat dad who wouldn't assist me back in the day, and it's the reason I got married young. You're stuck needing your parent's financial info until you're 25, get married, have a kid, or join the military and if they're refusing to provide it, the whole process stalls. The reason I say guardianship (or some other sort of custody order) is the federal government is also going to want tax and financial information from the mother, which sounds like another can of worms. Another option is to encourage him to go a route other than college. Trade and apprenticeship programs are very good alternatives that often have a much lower bar to get into and pay for.
CPS needs to be involved. You need some sort of official guardianship or custody order if you want to have any hope of navigating the financial aid system when it comes time. They're going to want to know financial information from both parents, not just the dad who is checked out, and anything that is out of the ordinary causes the process to stall. Even with you assuming that role, there are going to be headaches, but you will at least be able to address them when things get kicked back to you. Having to chase down the dad, or get waivers for the mom who is not in the picture, is going to be very difficult unless there are formal documents establishing who the 'estimated family contributions' are going to be coming from. He'll need to rehash this every year until he's 25, barring major life events.
She'll never trust you again Op. That's the look of utter betrayal.
The best part is when they run by the bricklayers at around 1:08, and only like one dude even bothers to spare a glance towards the two madmen bouncing down the street.
It's been some years since I was in school, but it was a nightmare trying to get financial aid with a dad that I was estranged from, but who was also making a whole lot of money. The bureaucracy in the process isn't flexible, and the success with navigating it really depends on how helpful the aid reps choose to be. I kept running into bored and disinterested administrators who viewed my difficulties as an annoyance, but me and the wife are still together all these years later, so things worked out. /u/OHAnon posted a lot more detailed information in the thread, if you didn't see it. They have more direct experience than I do, and posted some specifics that should give you some options.
Ted Cruz is a real life example of the Uncanny Valley. You can just tell his lizard brain is in the driver's seat when you look at him, and it triggers those ancient, primal instincts that demand you either flee to safety, or bash it with a rock.
I tell them they can't come in because my german shepherd is a retired police dog and he gets aggressive with strangers.
Our shepherd isn't aggressive, but he's definitely assertive. He's only been through basic obedience, but is from a working line and the "guard the flock" instincts run pretty strong in him. He's never even suggested he'd bite anyone, but he does seem to have a switch that flips when he reads concern in my wife's body language around certain strangers. He's never growled or snapped at anyone, but he has a "high alert" mode where he stands next to my wife and gives people the stink eye.
There was some definite foreshadowing in that scene.
You might suggest they check with any drug rehab nonprofits or homeless outreach places in town and explain the problem to them. If they can't help directly, they might be able to put him in touch with someone who would be willing to put a sharps bin on the premises and handle the emptying, especially if the owner consents to putting a donation bucket on the counter for them.
Everyone would technically get the basic income, but at a certain earning point it would be an offset to taxes rather than a net gain, kind of like a monthly tax refund for the folks in the high income brackets.
Some people just won't succeed no matter how many tools you give them, but even folks who can't keep their shit together would be better off than they are under the current system, as would the rest of society. Think of it this way, if you're cutting every junkie a monthly $1000 check, that's more than $1000 worth of criminal damages per month that they don't need to do to feed their vice, whatever it may be. The UBI could also theoretically be used as a deterrent if fines where pulled out before the deposits were made. People are risk averse by nature. Losing something that is already "yours" is inherently given more weight by the brain than gaining something that isn't.
I could see some 'social programs' that were essentially funded by the UBI. Rather than a homeless shelter that depended on charitable fundraising, there might be a nonprofit organization that provided people with dorm style living arrangements and a cafeteria that served three hot meals a day in return for signing over some percentage of their UBI. The folks who can't really keep their own shit together could make use of those services, and since everyone staying in the "shelter" would be contributing to the expenses, they'd likely have the funds to provide social work and other services.
The other side of that for business owners is with a robust enough UBI, you could do away with minimum wage. When starvation is taken off the table, low income employees have more ability to say no to terrible situations. If they decide $4 an hour worth of beer money is worth their time as a Walmart greeter, there's no real downside to letting the market sort out the wages.
$12,000 a year doesn't go all that far.
"Start."
I think it's more urban vs rural that has these demographics leaning democrat. There are Asian enclaves all over the south, but they're almost always in the larger population centers like Houston. I think the same usually holds true for Jewish people. You don't see too many cattle ranchers wearing yarmulkes.
You can't save someone from themselves. You can give them all the tools to survive, but you can't make them pick them up and put them to use. You might be able to save someone else a broken window and missing TV, however.
Hillary's support is built on a combination of the grim resignation of life-long democratic voters, and her being "not Trump" for the independents, and that is indeed a very shaky foundation. The former will pull the lever for any blue candidate, but she'd lose a significant number of the latter to anyone who can at least pretend to be respectable. She's one of the weakest frontrunners in modern history who simply had the good fortune to be paired up against the most repugnant.
At this point in the series, I have stopped attributing nonsensical actions taken by the characters to anything other than bad writing. I'm pretty sure she withheld the information for no other reason than the writers needed her to do that so they could have the climactic turning point where the surprise knights rode in to save the beleaguered heroes.
He went into it expecting to be a longshot with no chance at the nomination. He stayed away from Clinton's skeletons because he didn't want to risk a GOP win. By the time he realized he had a legitimate chance, it was too late to really course correct. Dragging her through the mud would tank her prior to the nomination, but still probably couldn't secure the win for him.
Anybody else ready to hit the fast forward button on this whole mess?
I'll admit it. Trump seemed like he was crazy like a fox (and pretty much unstoppable) just a month or two ago. Now he's crashing like the Hindenburg. I've never been happier watching someone flame out like this. The only thing that would make me even more pleased is if the shitstorm chasing Hillary finally manages to overtake her.
Explaining it doesn't really matter. People may be able to understand what a trillion is on an abstract conceptual level, but they will never really be able to understand it on an intrinsic level. The brain just isn't equipped to deal with numbers that large beyond scribbled notes on paper. When you tell someone, "she had a 1 in 31 trillion chance to succeed," the brain hears, "she had a really small chance to succeed". [Then her supporters reply like this.](http://i.imgur.com/WHGi867.gif) It's why people gamble. Odds are essentially meaningless to us beyond raw concepts.
It just means you get to downvote him 20 times for one stupid comment. That's a lot of downvote value for one shit comment.
And none of those regulations would be worth more than a fart in the wind as long as you can buy whatever you want in the parking lot at Arby's from some dude you got in touch with over craigslist. These regulations they are proposing are smoke and mirrors. They'll have no effect unless they also plan to track (and require background checks) for private sales.
If you are not charged with a crime, you don't lose your rights. That's how due process work. Being under surveillance is not the same as being guilty. There are a lot of innocent people on various watch lists. Being able to strip those people of rights, or even unnecessarily inconvenience them in their attempts to exercise their rights, is a dangerous power to hand off to a law enforcement agency. One thing we have learned over and over again is that when you give a law enforcement agency a new power, they ~~ab~~use it.
What do you think they would suddenly do differently during that arbitrary two weeks? What this law is going to morph into is turning an attempt to buy a firearm into a bastardized version of probable cause. [The no fly list is already an arbitrary mess that people can get tangled up in for the dumbest of reasons.](http://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2015/12/07/reminder-the-terorrism-nofly-list-could-easily-contain-your-name-n2090088) This would incentivize the FBI to add more people to it because it would essentially allow them to trigger in depth investigations without other cause, and the worst part is it will have no real result aside from the headaches it inevitably causes for law abiding citizens.
