AD Thresh needs to catch on
But Coast didnt even look that good on paper.
O.O
An ass that fat will float
None of the teams this split look like a complete dumpster fire tho
By that logic then /r/WhitePeopleTwitter
Im glad it didnt show their ping.
10/10 disengage.
you know what he ment tho, we all did
I got the Santa Baron if that counts
He had to have like 6 michael Jordans of sex change ops. Cause I seen these pics and thought "whos that milf?"
Im like 4 5 seconds from downvoting.
&gt;I'm legally blind POP HOL IT DOWN!
English Majors
Yes, yes they do.
Didnt make it to Ohio aswell
Pats and Giants
/r/WatchItForThePlot
Holycrap I saw these vids like last year and instantly felt improve ment in my play. U the real MVP
We got CurryShotGG and now we have GuacShotGG
Who dont got no bitches?!
This is why I quit using CV. Shits annoying
Its a fun game but I like Faction vs Faction MMOs. I like the idea of fighting "the other guys"
I swear I played like 6 dawngate games and the next day found out that it was getting shut down same with IC
Snack
my toaster cant run it
I heard Amanda Baynes turns up
but the Vi flair
Mines was 60% last season
50min or more. If a CS record ain't broken then it ain't a Jin Air game
Aye LMAOKAI
I thought this was Cortana /r/windophonematerrace
FIFA is beast even tho im trash
I need context on this.
Yep, rooting for the Cavs now
They just got a gamebreaker on Rekkles
Yea when I first started playing PC game. I tried to map everything to a game pad.
Seriously I've tried that, my hair grows too fast
I have one right now, but Ive given up on wave a long time ago. Im content with girls going "ohhh u got good hair".
I know right makes me mad that I never kept a fro till I was grown.
the amount of work put into this im surprised its not sponsored.
Medium Sean doesnt sell
CLG vs T8 in spring is giving this a run for its money tho
/r/mildlyinfuriating
I think he was flashing from Sona/Kogmaw and Malphite was just there.
Daaaaaaaaaaaaanger zooooooooone
() {} /\
What was wrong with Cait tho?
lmao, thats awesome
Their pretty good. Its just Kevin Smith diehard fans overrate his work online, then people watch em and see that their pretty average.
In mines we got to see Juliet's Boobs and Romeos ass. Fair trade
I like that movie
nice
Its an odd place
Context fuck context Lebron choked ^^^/s
Make it feel like Im the only one trying to win the war.
Well he is 17-18. Maybe time will help will help him mature
Whenever I see somebody on hoth I get freeked out
My Heat freind think wade still has this in him
Yea, I understand what ur on about. But I'll Rock with OKC til the end..... I also own too to Thunder gear to jump ship.
Call a Cavs fan a bandwagoner it triggers them.
A view to kill is a dope movie tho
"Hais not walking thru that door"
To be fair. Doublelift has never had teammates as good as UZI's
Hey Dade much Love from [/r/nba ](http://i.imgur.com/DUVxfvw.png)
Would you rather be overpaid or overrated?
/thread
/r/shittytheydidthemath.....get it
Make it
Lol thats the most Kanye thing ever.
ty, I missed it
Master P played 5 games in the nba
Literary all the music being made in the US. But most of those songs aren't even "bad". 2015 was a good year for music.
Like the clone troopers in the cgi show
at least 21
I knew what is was as soon as I seen grapefruit
I love long ass gifs like this
Me dodging the people I left in 2015
that has to be an old pic
is he really on roids? like is there a source on that.
IN Phreaks moms basement.
Ikr, she hosted the all stars 1v1s in her backyard this year.
le tucan
I shoulda know from the user name.
relevant flair
That is true. But capcom didn't always have training mode in their games until the started putting them primarily on consoles. Riot will eventfully release sandbox mode its just not necessary for competitive play but it would make it better.
But we know riot in in the business of making money a training mode stops people from trying new things and spending money.
yep, that shit is busted
Gem City on yo head
I use to make the belt wrap around my arm.
All my friends that say that are the ones who had the parents my mom didn't like. She say "she could tell they wasn't shit". And my friend that got the most whoppings said he don't plan on making assbeatings as common as they were for him growing up because fuck that shit.
it should say "New York City" tho.
I always wondered why people never say "Im from Manhattan" the same way people say their from brooklyn
I wish I coud grow a beard like that @ 23
THE SPECIAL TACTICS!
You would think the cities would devolop closer the SEA. But was more devoloped with trade with the new world in mind cool.
They did it in that movie Home.
I had no clue about sonic-gate when I became a OKC fan.
Hell Im bronze and I've done it before. Its mostly luck and map awareness.
Dankest duo in Korea?
My dog doesnt like light skin people. We dont understand it but he only growls at my Niece and lil Cousin.
I had a dude tell me he was the alpha on my pick-up basketball team one time. I gave his bitch ass the ball every trip up court. Ive never intentionally lost a game til that day
It was a dick move. But I just ended up a fan of that new team on 2k.
I just use the sources at the bottom of the page.
Ima need my money back then.
I didn't see the movie til after X-mas and I was already spoiled by then. So I wont talk about starwars7 outside of /r/StarWars. Because that movie was awesome.
Because sometimes we get gems like; GOLDV, NA FLASH WOLVES, G4=GOLD 4.
cuz u dum
Support Cass and ADC teemo
My main issue was he was a tall dude, but not a big man. I mean its pick up at a community college so ain't too many people thats taller than me and him(im 6'6' and skinny-ish). He just kept shooting and not making it.
I need to git gud.
TRUE, but its called soccer in the US. same great game but with a different name. No clue why we call our football, football it just is. And if you ever played rugby its kinda the the same but plays are set-up after every time a player goes down.
Anybody wanna try their hand coaching a bronze NA player pm me. I would be nice to have my gameplay judged.
THE QUALITY ON THIS MANNING FACE THO.
The crazy ones what they lack in trust, they make up for in lust.
hall of cost
I just live with the ADs. Ill go get some water while I wait
I had to unsub til I saw the movie
I got spoiled about Hans death well before I saw the movie. I just choose to deny it. Sad times.
DO I need to know any German? And will I have any problems being black in there? Edit: I appreciate all the replies. lookinfg into things now.
66.67 percent of people with the first name Dominique are female. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
You can become president of the world, Cure cancer and have had sex with every beautiful women in history. But fuck one turtle and you will be known as turtle fucker for the rest of ever.
[Who dont go no bitches?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsPhIqEkCQg)
couldn't he have shot the shot he wanted? Im confused and scared
Wasnt Greece not broke in 2004?
FUCK STATE!
whatever that thing is between his chin and torso
pls Goku cant touch superman in OP-ness
GET THAT HANK HILL BOOTY TF OUTTA HERE
Quick whats the number to hollywood?
But superman flew the wrong way and time traveled. meanwhile Goku dies from heart disease without future trunks.
All these gifs with no sound then OP pulls this shit. Scared the fuck outta me.
I just waiting on the 2016 flairs
I do it 3 times because I have a long haired dog.
My sunroof in my car puts a part in my fro if I sit up in it. So I have the same habbit.
damn son! I went from 90+ to 36 north of Cincinnati Im jelly.
At least is was a good meme.
/r/needsmorejpg
Last time I checked wining is fun.
Might have threw them hands with Rondo
I just rock what ever non-CLG team flair I feel like. And Rip Gravity's sweet logo
Oh man Im getting old
One of my boys got put out the house for getting his dick sucked. It was hard as fuck to have his back with a straight face.
He was his ass was just being thirsty
He probley beat up somebody for crackin on his ears.
Im doing /r/nosex
SoloRenektOnly + Creep Wave Management, gets the karma by itself
Superman moved a planet
I experienced this on my 1st trail account. I had no clue what was happening.
What did it say?
sadly no.
Can I call both of you guys idiots?
ITT: People who take the Colbert Report serious.
Its the pug effect. Something is so ugly it becomes cute.
Im stuck on tiny arms.
I had this same thought. Then she popped up in the 1st ten seconds.
Colombine
SO do more people than the nobles and Crocus live on the Red line? from that picture it looks like people could.
The hardest thing about explaining Esports is the amount of games thats being played. My friends think Esports is all shooting games.
Self-Defense murder, the American way
Underrated gain from all this.
They say every person has a motion that sets off a bowel movment. Chucks just happen to be a golf swing.
https://gfycat.com/NippyKindLangur
Counsole games have more media penetration. People are just more familiar with FPS games. Hell LoL was the 1st non-MMO or Simcity PC game I ever played. I spent a mount playing with a gamepad.
is fuckalll a negative or positive word?
Family Video is still going strong in Ohio.
Im over it. #InTonyWeTrust
That never happend at my school. Ive heard of Coaches at other schools just casting out whole classes, that shit savage AF.
My 1st Church League I got kicked out of because this old dude was getting bitch-ass calls. I messed around and went off on him and the ref who was his pastor.
&gt;Didn't get shot. It was a good day
Hows life on that edge? Also, HAVE YOU NOT SEEN SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK?
We just saw Anakin having the best and worst days of his life in the prequels.
He dressed like the girl I sat next to in British Lit last semester
You not a fan of my dick print?
Or when you see some carmex and instantly lick your lips
This cooment went from -10 to +141? HOW SWAY?!
No shame in losing to a better team. In the past we would just shit the bed.
Ohio Basketball fan are fickle as hell. So many people tried to stay cavs fans after the decision but relized how bad the team was very fast.
This funny af. its not as bad as some of the bs that came out in the early 00's
I live in Ohio and have my whole life. I seen people flip-flop on the Cavs 1st hand. Downvote wont change this and just because there are a grope that flips doesnt change the fact that there are loyal fans.
S6 we're all rankless soon.
yOU GON GET THE PIPE
I like to mess with my mom by telling her Chicago pizza taste better with gunpowder parmesan. She swings.
Yea at low lvls there are tons of bots
NO but every company is there to make money from a product.
every joke aint savage. if we knew op was fat then it would be savage
That also sounds very british.
That runescape bit in the best comment made me tear up a lil. I had a moment when I was younger where I would never make a black character in a MMO. Because of Runescape
Go beat your dick and cool off dude
You go girl or guy!
Where they get all these candid pics of Carlton?
I would've bought some ignorant shit. Like some Gucci Flip Flops and its 20 degrees outside.
The skechers of Korea lol
???
https://gfycat.com/NippyKindLangur
937 taking a L on this one.
Im more of a fan of the remix.
I bought him when I was like lvl 15 in season 2 and learned and hated him because of all the skill shots. I picked him back up in S3 and it was magic.
Is he the 1st locker room guy in Esports?
catch what?
