Did you just respond to your own comment
yes
Are you a Vintage player in the DC Area? NoVA resident here. I'm retired (yeah, yeah) but keep a powered cube and may be down to sling some Vintage occaisionally.
Don't know Ryan Seeley. Moved here a year ago and as I said, I'm mostly retired (from magic, not employment). I actually work in Vienna so maybe that would work. I'd feel weird about inviting myself to someone's house though if I didn't know the guy.
the bribes the bribes the bribes the bribes
"After months of coordinating with my super PAC, I have decided I've raise enough money to declare my candidacy..."
u wot m8
Darude you say?
So, bloodmaw?
Pls no
Potm bottom pls
http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/fark/images/7/7c/Wharrgarbl.jpg
"I pass back priority."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHgEnN2PFzo
so say we all
this changes everything
What year is it???
dank
What kind of fire/water proof box do you use? I'm interested in protecting my collection as well.
It may be for now, at sub-70 levels. But trust me, it's not at level 70. Enjoy the game!
Dude looks like a lady
What even is this deck hahaha
-4/-4
Thanks obama
Hngggggg 50% furnace as a passive
Yeah but then you get to use another different weapon with another passive.
One of my mules is entirely dedicated to Furnaces. I have 19.
Any apologetic used to excuse the Civil War and the Confederate battle flag (state's rights, economic concerns, southern heritage) can be easily refuted. All you have to do is point out that all of these phrases are code for institutionalized racism. &gt; The Civil War was about state's rights. &gt; That's correct. The states were upset about losing the ability to brutally practice institutionalized racism.
Implying the green line is ever something other than miserable
Darmok and Jilad at Tenagra
he real mad
If that's enough to get him to be on the right side of history, I'm okay with that.
spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti
are we memeing? halflife 3/10 did i do it right?
T_T
Huge Nerf to CoE for Saders! They gave us a cold skill! Please don't do this Blizzard!
You only have to look at my post history to see that I'm quite excited about the patch.
I'm so confused right now.
Guys I just realized I forgot about Dre.
&gt; Balance &gt; "fair" ??????
Okay, so how about running a 1-time script after downtime to upgrade all gems to the highest level of each type, on all characters (separated by season/non-season/hardcore as usual). Additionally, 2 pieces of code: every time a gem is upgraded, search through all characters and upgrade every instance of the same gem; and gems drop at the current level. That should solve the same issue.
kormac? is that you?
[MRW WHEN NO PTR](http://www.avsforum.com/photopost/data/2328830/4/4f/4f361778_960px-Shut-Up-And-Take-My-Money-1024x1280.jpeg)
You killed my father. Prepare to die.
[Shame](http://shamenun.com/)
It's a reference to Its always Sunny. I also slightly misremembered the quote. It's "That doesn't sound right, but..."
When I served on a jury I brought my own copy of Principia to swear in on.
Asking for a friend?
“October: This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August and February.” -Mark Twain
&gt; Nick Bolas Not sure if autocorrect or intentional, but that's what I'm calling him from now on
Dark side lives matter
I was hoping to shake it off
Dude what
Cowabunga!
With a nice Chianti
So that episode of Black Mirror?
Good show.
Nope I no longer want to be an astronaut
Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you Etc
Okay I just discovered something both amazing and awful
At least they had venge
Oh no, only $800 million dollars, how will I survive?
wow
Because fuck you, that's why. AIs will backstab you if they feel they have a tactical advantage, especially if your army is all across the map so your home territory is open.
Curing cancer as a whole won't happen, but we can certainly improve results a whole heck of a lot. There are many cancers now where a patient with a diagnosed stage 3 tumor dies of something else first, which is as good a result as anything I can think of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyV_UG60dD4
If I had a nickel for every pixel in that gif, I'd have a nickel.
And Synderen?
I immediately regret my decision
Why
Which deck? Why not all of them? I've been a Vintage player for about 12 years, so I've had plenty of time to foil out everything.
One of the bumpers in Neil's radio show Star Talk claimed Mike Brown as the confessor to that crime.
Really I want to know what astrologers think about this.
Generation #Hashtag, you doofus
You can't run from heaven
Best to be lucky and good though
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
I am not in finance, but iirc institutional investors control about as much stock as mom and pop. Though institutions can make coordinated big moves all at once, which may be what you're saying.
An early front runner for worst of the subreddit 2016!
Now that's a name I've not heard in a long time
GREAT TASTE
LESS FILLING
Agreed, as a 6 year Boston resident, I am amused when DC people complain about a 10 minute wait for a train.
Febtober
If Tom Hanks was marching in the military he'd be Tom Ranks.
u wot m8
I don't know how to make benches, I only work on decks
What's the exchange rate between good-boy-points and Stanley Nickels?
The bot is a spy!
boooo
"If a service is free to use, you're not a customer, you're the product."
My ideal manager is Michael Scott from The Office.
Genuine question: didn't Ford pardon Nixon without an admission of guilt?
Did you die from rabies though
I run all the swords in my cube, but they're all errated to not give protection. They're all still very good in a powered cube.
As a vintage shops player, I miss unrestricted chalice.... :'(
Damnit I never even got the chance to churn these cards, they're going to be gone by the time I can reapply for them. Sad.
You tried.
Did you work for Robert Baratheon, King of the Andals and Protector of the Realm?
Bigguth dickuth
Sorry to hear that. I was in that boat not quite a year ago and it sucked. Until I got a new job, which made everything much, much better. So life will probably greatly improve on the other side, head up!
I'm pretty sure that everyone who goes to LGS regularly and considers the business model knows that MTG and sometimes Yugioh/Pokemon drive all of the profit.
U wot mVIII
If I were dictator, frankly yes. 7.3b is plenty of us.
I am not an ethicist and admit I am not prepared to answer that. But we have too many people.
Y'all need jesus
Ah yes, the Airbud rule.
&gt; socialist Want to try that one again?
I honestly can't tell you since it's been a while, but I do distinctly recall trying to take the mahamoti djinns out of the post-laundry machine brick of sadness. This was back in unlimited. Yes it included many duals. No they weren't as cool as the mahamotis. Yes we played unsleeved on concrete.
But why male models?
It's one of the newest comics.
How to multiply by 700?????????? Pls to halp!!!!!
Post now! Post now! Post for ruin, and for the world's ending! GOOOOOLD! GOOOOOLLLLDDD! GOOOOOOOOOOOOLD!
&gt; Cats can't use personal computers [citation needed]
Public and for the foreseeable future, the last promo stood for about a year.
Could you make 2 of them green though?
/r/comeonandslam
Please guac
I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
Byun Ggggg h hy buggy your hhbhubuubhyyu b
Then when you finish it watch it again. You'll notice more subtle jokes every time you rewatch.
What.
They use assumptions based on density of standing room only crowds and how much area is filled with people
Yes. Usually there will be one on each side, and only rarely will they be the same person.
As a vintage player, what is turn 4?
&gt; harbour U wot m8
Flipping weiners flopping weiners flopping weiners flopping weiners
Dota 2 episode 2
Everybody likes their representative but hates congress. What's wrong with that?
&gt; boring white guy Please clap
Daaaaaddd!
&gt; flampling Tromple?
Which is itself a tedious euphemism for being kicked the fuck out
"They're going to have to glue you back together, IN HELL"
Maybe he should pay attention when they brief him every morning then?
Darude - Sandstorm
Caltech considers MIT their rival. Whether MIT reciprocates is anyone's guess. They did steal caltech's cannon once, though.
Faceful void
That's a paddlin
At least you can't put combat damage on the stack anymore. That would be gross.
Ms. Nesbitt has learned the first lesson of how not to be seen: not to stand up. However, she has chosen a rather obvious piece of cover. *Kaboom*
Well now i have a new band to explore. Thanks.
&gt; Space created!
Nope. Nope nope nope.
You literally linked the same video that they are.
Enough for do my power
&gt; butthole sauce Gag
Do you want riots? This is how you get riots.
I am sure you have already figured it out haha
I am looking for esoteric porn, anyone have any client computers I can use?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ4mT-Rzmvg Bill burr has a bit about getting a pit bull.
Pretty sure helicopters helicopt.
I have a lovely pitbull so I'm quite aware :)
[citation needed]
Too real, too real. Noooooo now I'm upset.
www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
I wonder if they play concerts.
How does the topsoil become 17% arsenic? Jesus that's uninhabitable for the foreseeable future.
Let the poor man retire in peace, he's done enough.
Delaware is not New England. - former Boston resident now living in DC
Why do you keep touching me?
Collaborate and listen.
A soda lake is one that is high in carbonates, essentially dissolved limestone. Carbonate is the conjugate base to carbonic acid, the fizzy part of soda drinks.
ghetto looking? It's one of the most expensive man-made objects ever, and you think it looks ghetto?
If they only did 90% of the time, things would be much better. It's more like 99% of the time.
Fuck this tree in particular
All men matter?
Day9 is that you?
Sad!
Bigly confirmed
You can get poo from fud!
The Saturn V was overengineered because von Braun intended it to eventually go to Mars.
Yeah nobody has the betting control that savior did. Except maybe Life.
U wot m8
No puppet, no puppet, you're the puppet
This makes me sad.
Hi, my name is Auriok salvagers.
Like when they blame Obama for playing golf instead of being at the White House and not doing enough when 9/11 happened
I'm...[actually not...](http://crooksandliars.com/2016/09/wow-mind-blown-daily-shows-jordan-klepper)
Cool story bro
Space race can cause your opponent to headline first.
I thought he vanished in a puff of logic
The former British colonies are the only countries to drive on the left. America drives on the right because we sided with France against the crown.
Cool story bro
We have the best train wrecks, don't we folks? Just tremendous.
You can't play that spell Moxes cost 2 mana now Strip mine your island
&gt; small things are big Like his hands? My favorite chant from yesterday is "can't build a wall, hands too small" Also, potentially his bigly things are small, like his ethics violations and conflicts of interests
Eric Cartman?
Eye don't see it that way
Don't feed the trolls.
DC. Marched right by the WH.
I recommend Gene Kranz's book "Failure is not an Option." There were so many failures and near-disasters that it's actually amazing we only had 3 catastrophic failures resulting in loss of human life so far in the US space program. The moon missions may have all appeared to be nearly flawless, but almost all of them were balanced on a knife edge to losing the whole mission.
/r/thomasthedankengine
&gt; fuck them amiright. &gt; are you able to disagree ... without being hostle? &gt; Lose the attitude. ?
There are 3 SCOTUS rulings that should only be never, ever be cited as precedent. Dred Scott, Plessy, and Korematsu. Any lawyer who tries to do so will be laughed out of court and potentially have their bar revoked for incompetence. [http://digitalcommons.law.yale.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=4706context=fss_papers](Relevant legal opinion here.)
Yer a crusader, Harry
While that is true, the legal minds behind the lawsuit are no dummies. They are ethics chiefs who served presidents Bush and Obama, respectively. The bipartisan nature of the suit should also give you some indication of the severity of the claims. This is no frivolous lawsuit and has some teeth.
/r/personalfinance
Yes it was tiny but how was the attendance?
