Jeez people, the '5 minutes' was obviously a figure of speech. Man, you guys are wound tight.
Yeah, I'm looking at those now. This has 'I'm going to spend a ton of time on this, but then the game won't launch and I'll never figure out why' written all over it. Hard choices. I really want that change though. I may take a crack at it.
I most likely will take you up on that then. Currently downloading all the stuff I need. Ugh, here I was thinking this could be solved in 10 seconds by changing a number in a file to a different number. Plot twist.
I cannot seem to find it, but I seem to be using a different version of UE Explorer than on the tutorials. I can search in the classes itself, but I have no Tools &gt; Find option, making it impossible to know where the piece of code I'm looking for is hiding.
'I don't like this thing, therefor anyone who does is less of a person than I am'. Well said. You couldn't have been clearer that you're a dumb cunt.
It worked for me. Make sure you adjust the amount of kills it requires to earn a promotion on the correct difficulty you're playing on. Also remember your soldiers can only earn a maximum of one promotion per mission. I'm not sure what else could disrupt it.
Nevermind, I'm a huge idiot. I forgot to add this line above the lines: [DLC_2.X2Item_DLC_Day60Weapons] Oops.
Minion Horde is a fantastic defensive option though. The dps it deals is amazing. If you play them and your opponent fires arrows at them instantly, they will still kill their target before dying to arrows, unless Giant. The fact they can target air makes them even better. Offensively, they are less useful unless you have good timing.
After? Ah, thanks. I was looking for it in the settings before starting. Can't seem to log in though... does it always take a while before the account is activated or what? I can log in to the site just fine.
Yes, but it is much more managable to deal with the consequences. XCOM 2 has various mission types that pop up once in a while. Guerrilla Missions are the ones that have replaced Abduction Missions (EU/EW) in terms of consequences. They pop up only once per month as opposed to 3-4 times. The way they work narratively is that XCOM gets intel to disrupt some of the aliens activity and you can choose where to strike. If you do not, the aliens will finish the activity they are building towards. XCOM can only strike in regions you have control over though. A max of 3 missions will pop up at once and you have to choose one of them. As you guessed, them finishing their activity will negatively impact you. It is called a Dark Event. There are several types of Dark Events and they are randomly chosen. Some include: All Advent forces gain one armor for a month; Advent raids make rookies cost double for a month; Advents awareness goes up practically making concealment worthless for a month. Etc. Etc. You can see before hand which is which and then choose which one you want to prevent most. However, the consequences of the Dark Events, while certainly noticable, are very minor compared to EU. If theoretically all Dark Events came to pass it still wouldn't be a huge deal. Especially not if you are somewhat good at the game. At that point one more point of armor doesn't really matter, a reinforcement pod on every mission for a month doesn't really matter. Etc.
(request)
That's why I suggested the tactical ones. The strategy layer ones either don't make sense or would be too harsh.
No comment.
Oh nice, thanks for that :)
Thanks! Very nice. Quickly done. Will install and try it tomorrow morning. Will it work with existing campaigns?
No?
You got a raise?
Bungie rewards foul play. If they took their game anywhere close to seriously they would ban these people for life. But no, they won't do anything and even if they did it would be a minor slap on the wrist. Bungie makes it so going flawless is easier and safer if you cheat. Their lack of decisiveness can be a real bummer.
Disagree. This isn't anywhere close to the same thing. I played Destiny for 80 hours before I got the Thorn bounty. After 2 weeks of Nightfalls I got the Ice Breaker which is like 2 hours of play. Most people have it at this point and I bet everyone will have it a month from now. The droprate is such that it isn't really hoping, it's just a matter of time.
Because Bladedancer is a better Super on almost all fronts. Stop trying to get everything better than everyone else? Hammers miss extremely easily even with Flameseeker. As a Hammerbro let me tell you people who post clips of dodging 3 Hammers as if it's a feat: you're clearly not playing Sunbreaker and your lack of experience makes this argument shit, every time it's brought up. That shit misses so easily, it's not even funny. 'If Sunbreakers get 6 Hammers, Gunslingers should get 6 shots' - No. You just never play Sunbreaker and don't understand how incredibly inbalanced that would be. 6 Hammers are as efficient as 2 Golden Gun shots **maybe**. Similarly, Suncharge misses all the goddamn time even when it should have hit. It doesn't even register half the time. As someone who pkays Hammer and Blade, trust me on this, Blade is much better bar a few specific situations. Also, the class is just better because Quickdraw is so much stronger than Flameseeker, a perk you need ti make your Super less shit, but still shittier than Blade.
They need to buff Suncharge. Not nerf it.
Haha hilarious. Even the best Sunbreakers miss all the goddamn time, but of course you hit everything because you're a god. Fine buddy, you're the best. For the rest of the entire planet though, that Super is not that good.
Haters are actually never sent after you specifically. The game populates your game with Haters based on where people died in theirs. The ones sent after you are called Hunters. You will know when they enter your game because it will say on the top right: You're being hunted.
Yeah, just bait an attack, dodge it, go for a counter and then refuse your last hit since you can be countered after it, instead just roll away. Repeat that process. You're not wrong in thinking it is hard, being one shot sucks. But you can alter your strategy for that. Try it out.
Is this still the case on higher levels though? I imagine if you have a fully leveled grade 4 or even 5 character guarding your shit, it can get hard. Especially if they are beefy and send a Defender with super armor out first so the second guy might spawn before the first one is dead. At the same time, since raiding is the only reliable source of SPLithium, do we really want to make it balls-hard?
The hard evidence is in my pants. Ha! I like my own joke. It has a double meaning.
I didn't say nor think that. I was comparing it to Blade specifically. OP is basically saying Blade needs to be more powerful in comparison to Hammer than as it is now. I am contesting that saying Blade doesn't need more love at all if you're comparing it to Hammer, because in that respect Hammer is worse.
That's at least a question worth asking. Is Fabian Strategy really any better than... I mean... Is any random weapon really any better than Fabian Strategy? Yeah, probably. I've used it, it is extremely cool in Patrol on lower Light guys because stuff dies fast. You barely every have to reload, you regain health quite often and it actually murders faster up close. But on any sort of on-level content it can't kill anything quick enough in the first place. Rendering everything useless.
But Shadowshot is mostly based on your aim. If you are going to hit me and I dodge, it will track and murder mr regardless. HoS doesn't do that. You'll just miss.
It is pretty much the only Exotic I use, next to Saint-14 sometimes. They are worth it.
I disagree strongly with the entire internet that ME3 was bad. It was by far the best playing one, especially on Insanity. That multiplayer was also fantastic.
Too bad they don't do anything.
That's unresonable. Bump the game down to easy. Don't blame the dev for your poor strategy. The game is not meant to be easy and if Archons are already giving you trouble you are really not going to like the later enemy types. Alternatively you can edit the ini files to reduce their health to 1 and damage to 0. You should probably do that as you stand no chance of finishing the game legitimately with your attitude.
I downloaded the mod by Grimy that makes Rulers immune to execution. Much more fun that way.
I am though. Everyone is talking about being excited for Vault of Glass returning. It sounds like the most absolute boring thing to me to rehash something old. You should look on this sub more often. Almost all of the requests for content are always older stuff.
I don't think you can ban sex offenders feom bathrooms because first of all, a sex offense can be something extremely minor or even untrue. Second of all, they would have no place to pee? You want them to pee in the office or store in their pants?
To create a pervert-free space for women. I think most men wouldn't mind shared bathrooms. At least less so than women.
Come on you guys, does the word you use matter that much? Clearly if someone tells you you can't do X because you're black it feels worse on an emotional level. You must understand that?
Or I haven't seen many bullet holes and aren't an expert on the subject? Calling everyone an idiot because they don't know something that you do: that is idiocy.
They all had committed previous crimes too? Armed robbery? Why do people fuck around with people like this? Give them life in prison or let them choose death. It's really that simple because people like this won't change.
I liked DOOM but the insane praise it has gotten seems off to me. It is a really good shooter. Not thw best shooter campaign ever made as some claim. It is fun to play through, but I would have liked it better if they threw more demons at you on Nightmare instead of having you be one shot by most attacks. I did not enjoy that and stopped playing on my Nightmare run.
Yes. It's pretty much a guaranteed chance as long as a VIP rescue mission pops up. Instead of rescuing a Scientist or Engineer, you'll rescue one of your soldiers. It's one at a time though and those missions pop up once a month or once every two months. Which means it could take you a year to get that entire squad back.
I'm afraid that's a placebo you're experiencing. You feel like they interrupt your every scan because you convinced yourself they pop up all the time. In reality they pop up once per month. That means you have 30 days on average between Guerrilla missions. I get that you just want to gather all the free things on the overworld forever, but it doesn't work like that.
One of the following is true: 1. You are being spotted by units you cannot see. 2. You are moving through terrain that is in fog of war. 3. You make your action too quick to notice you will be spotted. In the cases of 1 and 2 the game will not tell you you are going to be spotted. Good luck. If you feel like none of those are true, record when it happens and I'll tell you what happened. But this should cover it.
I don't see a problem. Disregard the Archons as they can't kill anyone at this point in the game. That MEC needs disabling or be dead because of rocket volley attack. Then stun the Sectopod. This is completely doable if you have one hacker with you, which you should. Stasis also.
Not dependant on individual soldiers. Yeah, my guess would be you moved through a (small) fog of war area where they had LOS. It happens to me sometimes still just as a mistake for not noticing the move would go through FOW.
Anyone read the actual story? He was a convicted felon who committed many more crimes and was alledged of lots of others. Him gettung 22 years for the remote was obviously a loop hole to punish him for everything he did without needing evidence of everything else. Smart. Unethical too though.
No, placebo :) he thinks it happens a lot, therefor assumes it does happen a lot and feels like he is limited by something that doesn't actually happen. That's placebo. Confirmation bias is if you"re only searching for specific evidence that back up your bias and disregard anything that opposes it. I don't see him giving any evidence for anything. If there were 10 people responding to him it doesn't happen that often and one person that tells him that it does and he takes that one person's word as proof: that would be confirmation bias.
I'd watch that.
Takinh over your body, not your workload. I wouldn't need to know about that.
It's not and I didn't say it was. You are imagining who I am pointing out as entitled people. I'm not talking about the people that think this is a nice thing to do. I'm talking about the people that see this as compensation that they deserve for being on a plane with a baby.
Most people regard Shen's Last Gift as the best. I think Alien Hunters is by far the best. Battling the Rulers is just so damn cool. Having a new soldier class is great for the entire campaign but I just love the challenge of Alien Hunters. And those specialized suits are super cool.
You should play with what you think is fair and feels good. Our opinions don't matter for your enjoyment of the game. I use Hack Plus and altered the hack stat gained to +1 on fail and +2 on success. I found the increase over the course of an entire campaign is useful, but I still don't even come close to 90% chance of shutting down a Sectopod. It feels good to me. Others might find it cheating. I find default Hack Plus is cheating because you end up with 100% chance to take control of a Sectopod with the +5 stat rewards it keeps dishing out. Do and use whatever you want. You can balance the game for yourself. I just use what feels good and makes sense. For example, I gave the Spider and Ghost suits 3 and 5 HP of shields. Made sense to me as they are powered suits, but lack armor.
It only gets easier if you played well and got lucky and didn't lose soldiers. My first Legend playthrough I lost 9 soldiers at various points making the late game excrutiatingly hard, way moreso than the beginning. There is nothing wrong with the game becoming slightly easier if you played well. You're being hyperbolic about the difficulty of the early game though. It's not necessarily easier or harder, just different. Even on Legend you can afford to make mistakes. If you make one you **can** die, but even on Legend you have 50% chance to die if you made a crucial mistake. 50%=/=100%
Yeah, I often have to laugh at LFG. 'Be able to hold your own! No scrubs, experienced players only!' Look his stats up, 0.68K/D. 'Quick run. Skilled players only. 0.54K/D Flawless run, I am 1.6K/D, you need 1.4 at least. 0.97K/D It's hilarious how many people apparently have no idea you can look them up with one click. They make excuses for the stats that are disproven by other stats. 'My little brother messes up my K/D, but I' m great'. Then why have you only gone flawless once, in Year 2? And why are your past few matches almost all negative even though you claimed to have played yourself today? Ugh.
Weird how so many people in the comments are upset. You don't have to pay him yourself you know, don't worry. It's OK to be happy for other people's fortunes sometime.
You seem pretty condescending to him for a person that admits a larger sample size is far more valid than a smaller one. It all depends on the subject at hand. When deciding who the most admired man in the entire world is, I can guarantee you without doing the math that 500 and even 1000 people is not anywhere close to a valid sample size. I just read a study that showed a link between a healthier life and consuming up to 470 grams of vegetables a day. It was noted to require more research and a larger sample size to more accurately portray its findings. It had 38500+ subjects. Did you read the article? They didn't perform any research to adequately suggest what they are suggesting.
I have played Legend a lit and I think the hardest thing about it is the increase in enemies and less shackles on said enemies. The increase in health doesn't matter so much as the fact that you will uncover two pods at once very regularly which often means you cannot kill every enemy before their turn starts. It adds the layer of safety sense not present in Commander. Regular full cover is fine there. You're only subjected to two shots at most. But when you have 5 aliens looking to take a shot, full cover doesn't cut it. 30% chance to get hit are bad odds if rolled 5 timed. Placement is a **lot** more important. Hunkering Down is also actually useful frequently.
Both exist already, more or less. Many Engineer mods including one that places turrets. Rogue Class is similar to your Infiltrator.
You should have backup plans for when you miss. You say '85% kill shot' as if you're expecting it to hit. 85% means it will miss 15% of the time. Which is once or twice if taken 10 times. Liberate yourself from the idea that high chance means you're good. Probability doesn't work like that. 70% chance to hit is much higher chance in your head than it actually is. It means it will miss roughly 3 times every 10 shots. You always need backup plans and tactical sense to hypothesize what will happen.
Steam is a platform on PC that costs no money. You can download the client for free and create an account for free. The only thing you pay for are games. When you buy them, you own them. Steam also has the best prices with frequent sales.
Both Shen's Last Gift and Alien Hunters are tons of fun. You should get those two (don't bother with the others).
Is that the joke he was making? I didn't catch that.
It's okay, I'm a doctor. I'll see you and your girlfriend at the same time.
Too late for what?
I know you don't because of this line: 'those starving people would be able to thrive a hell of a lot more on seeds' That's such a detached viewpoint from the actual situation. They have plenty of rice, an abundance. That' s why they are the only ones in the world suffering from marasuma and such. The situation is far more complex than that. As far as your other argument, I already said we have superior nervous systems. It' s obvious you don't understand what that entails, but I'm not going to explain that as it is too lengthy and complex to explain over Reddit. It boils down to their lives simply not being as valuable from an emotional, cognitive, intellectual and scientific standpoint as ours. Which returns to my original comment of it just doesn't matter. It's great that you feel good with what you do, but don't force that thought on other people. This is not like owning slaves, this is not like murdering newly weds and their kids. And by the by, just understand that those precious animals would completely murder you if they had the chance. Being compasionate is not always a good thing.
You can talk to me directly. And no I don't. Doesn't look close. I guess I just have an amazing gift to tell a game from real life. Lucky me.
Very nice. I might do a playthrough of it after my current Legend Ironman. Reading through changes now.
Because Pavanis isn't allowed to ask money for that mod, especially not on closed system. Alao because the console version was always planned, it didn't get to consoles because people demanded it to. XCOM2 doesn't have mod support on consoles.
Are you using a controller? It doesn't support it.
Alright, 8 missions in. So far so good! I will never be the biggest fan of Pavonis because we don't share the same philosophy on drawn out firefights, but besides that it has good ideas so far.
Get True Concealment. Vanilla timers are too unforgiving.
Wait, what? That sounds like a bug, but I'm not sure. Here is how it works for me: The mission that pops up has an expiration date whuch is usually 1-8 days from the moment when it popped up. You can infiltrate during that time and your squad is unavailable until you launch the missiion which **you can do at any point**. But the later you do it, the more infiltrated they are, so the easier the mission will be. There's no way a mission expires after 3 months that's crazy long. After you complete the mission you should get all surviving soldiers back immediately as in vanilla. Did this happen to you after you finished the mission? That sounds like a bug. Or did they get captured?
Huh? I'm not sure if I understand you correctly, but Long War 2 is a mod for XCOM 2. Long War was for Enemy Within. Whether you have Long War or not is irrelevant for this, you need XCOM 2 to play LW2. But yes, you also need to start a new game. The campaign is entirely different.
Actually, Long War 2 seems to spawn giant maps sometimes where the extraction zone is literally, and I'm not joking here, 10 turns away if you dash every turn, then gives you a 13 turn limit. Not sure if intentional, but meh, not fun.
You can edit ythe overhaul ini file in the LW directory. And I don't think you even need an excuse because LW2 already has some problems and one of which is that it sometimes generates a map waaaaaaaay too big. I literally could not extract with one soldier who dashed every single turn because he had a bit under regular mobility. That's dumb.
I have been using Uniform Manager for a while and it is compatible with LW2. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=626291285 Allows you to create uniforms that you can equip to the entire squad at the press of a button. You can save unlimited (?) amounts of uniforms. You can also set certain uniforms to certain classes so they'll automatically wear whatever you have set for that class. It's quite good.
I can barely even hit 100% Infiltration with 3 soldiers. How are you getting to 200% this early already?
Yeah, I thought maybe it was intended, but knowing that, that must be a bug.
Again, you're taking it literally and added the 'without consent' part. How sure are you he meant and intended to grab someone by the pussy as opposed to just jokingly saying it?
Console versions don't have mod support, so no.
LW2 really isn't hard though. It's just different. You often don't want to kill all the enemies. I bet if you play it on Rookie at least, it'll be easy for you too.
It will not. Console versions do not support mods.
To be honest, you probably made some mistakes. There are no uncounterable enemies in the game.
It's one of many bugs in LW2. I have no idea if it can be resolved. Not as far as I know.
There are a lot of bugs in LW2. Sectoids are intended to be able to use psionics when not activated to raise a zombie, but sometimes it glitches out and they can shoot at you immediately even when not activated (through fog of war). I don't doubt there will be some enemies that can take shots immediately later, but this seems like a bug.
It might be caused by multiple things, I don't know. But I've had it happen with more than a day of expiration time left.
Yeah, I'm on Commander. I get the sense this is the difference between Commander and Veteran (on top of increased health) from watching other people play.
If you can't tell, you're not playing Long War. But if the installation wasn't obvious to you, then I think you messed up somewhere. It is very easy. You go to XCOM 2 in your library, then click on 'Browse the workshop', then type 'Long War 2', then select the correct mod and click 'Subscribe'. Then launch XCOM 2 and on the launcher you can select Long War 2.
It's a mod. Regular people made it, not 2K, and they are giving it to you for free. You have no reason to say 'fuck you' to anyone.
They don't have 50% knockout chance.
I mean, they said it's a women's march. Protesting against Trump for what he said about women. So... I have bad news about your brain dead comment. Plot twist: it's you.
Seems to happen to a lot of people. Haven't seen a fix.
Some balance is needed. You start with a spy in your haven so you do need to put a soldier there as advisor and at least one dude on Recruit. Of course you need supplies too, but Intel is also important because you need realistic mission expiration timers. I put one dude from Recruit to Intel and that worked fine for me.
I play on Commander and it is piss easy. The difficulty comes from the game putting unrealistically hard missions in front of you and asking you to do them. You say 'no' and only keep doing the missions that are realistic and it is smooth sailing to be honest. I am not trying to bash Long War 2: it is super impressive what they have been able to do by modding the game. No other mod comes close to it. But, I feel like the praise for Long War is so unnuanced. Every single critic claims it is a must play. Every single person says it is so much more tactical than XCOM 2. I just don't agree. After 9 hours, I called it quits. I was just not having fun because Long War stretches every little thing out sooooooo much, I don't like it. From my experience, I think it probably takes more than 50 hours to complete it. I recognize some people may love that, but saying this is a must play for everyone? No. Then, just why is no one calling out how bad the AI is? They move to positions where they are flanking themselves so often. Almost more often than the times where they use both actions on moving individually (ending in the same spot where they started that turn). Lowering chances to hit makes fights more drawn out, not more tactical. Is Long War 2 impressive? Absolutely. No doubt I could never mod the game in such a way. It's also extremely fun for some people. But it's really not for everyone. And not because it's supposedly hard, it's different, not harder. It has very cool mechanics but it is just so boring to play for me that I reverted back to modded vanilla on Legend. To progression is so much more fun to me. It changes things up whereas Long War 2 is very repetitive.
That used to be possible but they may have patches it since. I don't quite remember.
Most of them worked fine.
What mods are you using exactly? Some of them significantly downgrade your performance. You could also try clearing your cache. Go to Documents &gt; My Games &gt; XCOM 2 &gt; XCOM Game &gt; Config. Then delete all the files there and boot up XCOM 2 after that.
I am familiar with all of them, the only ones that might bog your performance are the two map packs. But I kind of doubt it.
I am familiar with all of them, the only ones that might bog your performance are the two map packs. But I kind of doubt it.
I actually like Mind Control on Mutons. They have good stats, have a grenade, and their counterattack makes placement great.
Indeed, also for people who hate Not Created Equally like me, you can turn it off there and it takes effect immediately.
Indeed. It can be really hard if you choose to. But if you play smart, it's not that hard.
That's precisely why I don't like it. The vast majority of those missions are built around you ignoring combat. I like the combat. The overall design of Long War just doesn't click for me.
That sounds like clearing your cache might fix most of these problems.
Hm, yeah, I have no idea. Might be some mod overlap that messes things up, but I don't know. Try to run it completely vanilla, see if it runs well.
I can think of a few jobs where that might be required by policy. What was the job you were interviewing for?
Yep, that sure makes no sense whatsoever hahaha. Why the hell would you have to lose weight for that?
Sounds like you still have some things to learn about enemy behavior. MEC's **always** use rocket pods if there are at least two valid targets for it to hit and if it's chances to hit are too low it will use it on a single soldier as well. I'm going to hilariously say that this isn't Long War, you can't stretch stuff out. If you activate two pods, you have to deal with as many of them as possible. Active enemies are all dangerous. Waiting for them to attack you is not a good strategy. Overwatch is generally not a good strategy if you have LoS already. Remember that overwatch shots have a -30 aim penalty, which means you are less likely to hit an enemy running towards you from overwatch, than you do if you take a shot at it regularly through partial cover.
Not necessarily doing anything wrong, Long War is just stretching things out tremendously. Don't expect to finish it in less than 50 hours.
Sounds sue-able.
Sounds like a bug. I know you need 2 scientists to research it and whether you get a scientist or not seems entirely up to RNG. But if it doesn't even show up on your research tab, then yeah, that's probably one of the many bugs LW2 introduced.
Yes, in vanilla. I would imagine it would work differently in Long War 2 if they put that many enemies against you in the second month. But I guess once again their idea of 'balance' means forced defeats if RNG isn't in your favor.
As I said, that's why I don't like it. The combat is the good part of XCOM.
No, they can't miss.
Eating anything after a certain time makes you fat. I'm a dietitian and every second person I see believes it. Doesn't work like that. Imagine eating a single burger at night and only that for the entire day. Think you'll gain weight? No.
Yes... It's seed based RNG. It loads the last seed when you reload so if you're going ti miss it will always miss. And 100% shots will always hit. They cannot miss. There isn't a known bug that makes shots appear as if they are 100% when they are not. If you have any proof though, I'm open to it.
Vanilla. Long War 2 is a bit too complicated to get started with. Also, LW2 is not even a must have mod for long time XCOM fans. It makes the game very different, in a way some people love, but definitely isn't for everyone.
These are more playstyle preferences though. You don't ever have to bring rookies because you can have Guerrilla Tactics School. You can call the Skyranger way, way, way earlier than 2 turns before finishing the objective. You can leave drones for last since they are generally the least dangerous. You can go lower than 100% infiltration easily. Light-Moderate activity is only 4-6 more aliens than Extremely Light activity. The only advice I would give is skip missions that are too dangerous. LW2 is pretty easy if you do that.
That timer is random though and it can be as low as 8 days.
You can't turn it off. It says in that checkbox that the only thing you can turn off is the mission itself showing up, not the content within the DLC, in this case the Rulers. The way to 'turn off' the Rulers is to check the box and never do the mission.
I replay it a lot more than Civilization. It is very well suited for replay ability. Just a matter of preference. If you don't want to, then don't.
Correct. Same with Shen's Last Gift. No Sparks for you unless you do the mission.
Everyone into hiding I **think**. I tried with a few into hiding but still increased. You also have missions that state: 'this will get ADVENT' s attention. If you do those, their strength should increase in that region and decrease in others.
No, won't happen. There is no mod support on consoles, they wouldn't pay the fees required to push an update for a mod, it barely runs on PC so would be a mess on consoles and it doesn't have controller support.
That's your friends PC. It runs far, far better on my PC than on console. Just like everything else.
The Sectiods are not as dangerous as the Lancer though. If you kill the Lancer, the Sectiod will reanimate him which is a wasted turn for it.
The shield icon is defense and I believe the arrow is indeed dodge. They are the same as in vanilla. Defense decreases chance to get hit, dodge increases chance a hit eill be a graze.
This is a real tactics game. I love Fire Emblem but that is much more of a puzzle game than anything else. 1. **Never dash**. If you uncover a new pod of enemies and you can't move anymore you'll have a bad time. Only exception is if you're concealed. 2. **Optimize your actions**. This means you take one action with every soldier (and check their options) and only after that take the final action with each one. Imagine moving a soldier and having a 25% and 45% chance to hit and you take the 45 one and miss. Then you move another soldier and realize he has a 100% chance to hit on the 45 guy. Bad order. Correct way is move the first guy, see the 45%, then move the second guy, see the 100% so take that shot and then switch back to either take the 25% shot or go on overwatch or something else. 3. **Increase your chances to hit**. By setting up flanks, removing cover with explosives and abilities, taking high ground and modding your weapons. If the average chance to hit you have is 70% and their average to hit you is 50% you should generally win because you hit/kill them way more. 4.**Care about your soldier's survival**. The best defense means killing everything before they have a chance to retaliate. If not possible though, or if it won't work, plan to keep your soldiers safe. Learn enemy behavior and damage amounts. If they have two active soldiers that can do 5 damage each and you can't kill them, check your soldiers position. Can your soldier be flanked? Yes &gt; move to they can't. Does your soldier have at least 11 health? Yes &gt; he is safe. No &gt; he can die. Hunker down, use flashbangs, use smoke grenades, use Aid Protocol or something else that will increase his chances of survivial. 5. **Accept the reality of probability**. Anything less than 100% chance to hit **will** miss at some point. Do not ever count on a shot with less than 100% chance to hit. Even memes surrounding XCOM are actually hilarious showcases of people's bias. When a 90% shot misses people say stuff like 'only in XCOM!' In reality though, a more proper way to look at it is a 90% shot will miss about once every 10 times tou take it. A 70% shot, while perceived by people as very high chance, will miss roughly 3 times every 10 shots. This also means, however, that if you have no other options, taking a 30% shot isn't necessarily doomed to fail either. Accept the reality of chance. 6. **Diversify your squad**. You do not want 6 highly trained soldiers and no one to back them up in case of injury or death. Having nothing but Squaddies if something bad happend will give you more of a bad time. Try to make sure your lowest rank soldier goes on the next mission and try to set up some kills for him so he'll get promoted. You basically want to make sure if your entire squad dies, you have an entire squad just like it ready to go. Preferably you'd have a third too. 7. **Prioritize researching and engineering gear for your squad**. All research projects are good and useful, but the most important one is getting better weapons and armor. Likely in that order too. Remember, the best defense is just wiping the enemy out before they can do anything. If your weapons deal more damage, that would be easier. Survivability is the backup plan though and you can't always kill everyone, so better armor is also crucial. Don't spend too much time researching stuff you don't need right away. The longer you wait, the bettet aliens you'll start facing and you want better weapons and armor when they show up. 8. **Accept losses**. If you truly understand point 5, you understand that bad stuff can happen. Losing a soldier or two is not the end of the world. XCOM is about optimization and tactics. Learning to live with consequences. Don't immediately reload your save. Try to live with it. That's the point. Playing on Ironman will make you a better player. I've never played without it and I am much better than friends who don't. They don't even fully realize how many times they 'cheat' un a playthrough by reloading to get a different result. As a result of that, when they try playinf Ironman they actually realize they can't play the game without cheating. They lose even on a lower difficulty setting.
Sparks are ridiculously powerful in Vanilla. It pains me that almost nobody can use them well.
Where did you hear about a patch?
Evac means you forfeit the mission.
You should build Resistence Communications. Even on Veteran, you will lose the game if you fall behind too much. You need to make contact with more regions. You already have the second tier of gear, so don't worry about that until later. Also, the research descriptions are pretty good at telling you what is what.
False. Sparks output the most damage out of any unit. They can deal over 34 damage in a single turn, non-crit. Their movement range is insane and they practically thrive from getting targeted, it only makes them stronger. You can dislike them all you want though. But you can't deny they have the highest damage potential. That's just math.
But that patch is not released yet is it?
How are you socially awkward though?
Not necessarily just those though. Jusy whenever the mission isn't 'secret'.
Random for the most part. The first Rookies will each get promoted into a different class until you have (had) one of each. After that it is entirely random.
Yes, and what I'm saying is you already know all of that. You know those stats aren't random? They are fixed. Which means you can just memorize them. The Gremlin thing is indeed useful though.
Hm, well... To be honest, that sounds like most people.
Proper sex education is far more than just explaining how reproduction works and to watch out for SDT's. Proper sex ed teaches you how to fuck, how to masturbate, what feels good, what boundries are etc. Before you say 'oh please everyone knows that', no they don't. Many women don't know how to masturbate to completion. Many women don't know how to please men actively. Many more men don't do anything for women at all.
But it is. You can call 'your' side something else all you'd like, but you're dividing land mass and people.
The problem with people who support Trump is not necessarily that you support him, but that you believe his words without thinking. That wall will never be build. It is so super obvious, yet for some reason you look passed reality. First, how long do you think it would take to build a wall that big and that large? You can't wait for it? You will have to wait. Even if they commited to it, it'll be over 50 years before it's done. Second, you don't want to pay taxes? How much do you think this wall is going to cost? Your taxes will increase significantly. The reality of the prospect of the wall does not align in any way with what you want from it. This is leaving out the fact that it divides people and will ultimately harm you much more than anything else.
You show a huge lack of education in every field imaginable. Your wall won't be build. You voted for someone because he manipulated you into thinking such a thing will be done in 4 to 8 years. I don't need to be part of your idiotic 'groups'. I'm not a 'liberal' or anything else you try to identify me with. You take a look at your country's economy and history of construction and you would clearly see that wall will never, ever be build. And even if it were, it wouldn't stop anyone. What are you going to do? Build a wall around the entirety of the US and shoot every plane that tries to get in? You can get in whenever, even if that wall was there. And then still, the lack of foresight on your part to assume a wall can't be broken or cut out. Do you realize the US would be bankrupt if they tried to build a wall which would actually stop people, of that size? Your wall won't be built and in whatever fantasy land you live where it will, it won't slow anyone down. You've fallen for obvious lies and deceit. How about we talk again in four years and see what's up? By the by, I'm relatively familiar with your tax system. You don't pay any taxes for illegal people directly. With all the things you could be fighting for to change, you chose to keep your superiority complex intact. 'I was born here so I deserve this'. Gross. Bet they work a lot harder than you do in shitty conditions and are happy to be there. Meanwhile, they don't bother your life in the slightest and you complain about them because some guy told you to. Such a bummer.
Ah, I see you resorted to name calling and fallacies because you couldn't articulate a proper counter argument. No worries, I'll just assume you actually have a strong point but were incapable of presenting it. So... Good one.
True, but he also spoke truth.
You clearly don't live in Europe. I travel a lot here and nobody is scared at all. The only people scared are people like you who never even see refugees in the first place. You fear them because you don't know them.
That is a terrible analogy since there are more 'poisoned M&amp;M's' among US citizens. Are you proposing to have everyone leaving the country and give it back to native Americans or something?
First of, good job showcasing I was correct in why you are so fearful and consumed by hate. Second, nice job getting literally everything wrong on how things work in other European countries.
Agreed. I can't really tell what I'm supposed to do.
I have absolutely no idea how the systems work. I thought leads would reveal the main missions?
LW2 is 95% stealth missions. The stealth mechanics in this game are not fun in what LW2 asks of you. There is a serious issue with it randomly spawning a way too big map where getting to the extraction zone is barely possible if you dash every single turn, so you have no time for combat. I highly recommend installing True Concealment for LW2. Or just disabling the turn timers, whichever is more fun to you.
Because contrary to what you believe, islam is not a terrorist religion. Less than 1% of the islamic community is radical terrorist. It's like a Christian who believes you should have sex with young boys. That's not at all core to Christian faith or representitive of all Christians.
Getting bad things done is not getting anything done.
Except he's a good person and is interested in solving problems rather than creating them.
Because 'proper' islam opposes terrorism. Because radicals believe they need to kill all non-believers, which includes them.
What an asshole.
I'm not talking about his time at Microsoft here. I'm talking about what he has done after that for humanity.
I have a family to support and I am able to go about 5 months every two years. And I have an average income. Thanks for proving my point. You're not even trying and pretending like you can't. You can,you just don't wanr to and hate on people that do. You should hate on yourself. In relative comparison to Bill he still does 20.000% more than you.
Yeah... That's part of the reason why the good oppressed people there want to come to the US. A better life.
But it is. It only affects muslims and it is a way too wide net cast to do what he says it does. It's like banning all guns from the US and then not calling it a gun ban, but an act to remove firearms from dangerous people. You're literally affecting everyone so you can hit the 0.01% that you're trying to reach.
You don't reckon the emphasis on not allowing muslims from those countries to seek safety, but allowing Christians and others, indicates it is a muslim ban though? What the ban does and the reported purpose of it by Trump, don't align. It is way too wide a net cast to be reasonable. It's like trying to reduce the amount of serial killers, then as a solution banning all white men, because most serial killers are white men. Yes, that would certainly reduce that, but it's disproportionate and unreasonable. Not to mention, the most recent terrorist attacks in the US were commited by US citizens, not green card holders.
Not really, no. Because if it's a bartender, teacher, mechanic, waiter etc. you are protected by the law. If it is a cop, they are protected by the law, sometimes seemingly regardless of what they do. You can't even fight back if you are beaten up and hospitalized unfairly/without reason or resist. Because you'll get jailtime on top of it. When your best bet is to not resist and let yourself be assaulted and pray someone filmed the encounter, that is a pretty good indication that something isn't right.
Because he didn't have to?
Burn!
Stop being an ass. More specifically, start being nice. Seriously, it helps yourself more than the other guy.
You're walking around with shit on your knees and shins? Eeewwwww.
Guilty of what? And does it matter? If there is 'never a reason to hit a woman', then what exactly did he do to deserve 28 hits? Guilty of having a penis?
Must have been some poor surgery conditions.
To be fair, can't expect a man to clean the inside of his knees and shins.
Traitor! We must claim back the city. These Hunters and Warlocks do not understand our ferociousness and pride.
Dude, seriously, stop comparing these things. You may not realize it, but that only implies an attempt to dismiss actions such as these. It's like if someone cut off your arm and after you complain they say: yeah, well, in Africa they cut off both your legs. It's as irrelevant as it is derailing.
That's not what he said. He meant the leap in quality, content and refinement.
Why did you dislike BL2?
I loved the weapon manefacturers. Destiny has some and supposedly is going to get a few others. Do you also hate them in Destiny? Omolon, Hakke and Suros?
Who are you even talking to? Are you suggesting sex work is immoral behavior? And what misguided and fallacious arguments do you have that backup that notion?
I'm just laughing at you now, returning to the same points and escalating them because you realize they aren't working. Continue. I love to hear more of your criticism.
Did you just attempt to shush a person on the internet over whom you have no control? I thought I would have seen all of the idiocy that made me laugh a while ago, but here you are proving I haven't found the depths of it yet. Anyway, besides your failed attempt to exert whatever power you thought you had, a prostitute is also clearly not responsible what another customer does in relation to their personal life, neither are you one to judge anyone in the scenario to begin with.
What is your point? The earth heating due to natural causes does not dismiss or disproves human interaction also contributes.
I don't believe in any of those, but I do not agree. I think flat-earth theory is so much dumber than creationism. While some of the exact things in the bible are proven false and many more are at least questionable, at least there is some merit to creationism at its core. There will be a time where humans will create new life for instance. Flat earth on the other hand has been proven completely false hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Most people didn't even believe it in the times of Columbus and VOC, as they had accurate evidence suggesting it is a globe. Today, every single piece of proof that it is a globe is disregarded by flat-earthers without any correct assessment for false information and evidence that is fallacious. It is **the** thing here that, even in a social construct, can call stupid.
He was insulting your intelligence because you think the photo is real, even though he only suspects it is fake and has no conclusive evidence. Fake or not, he was a dick to you. Fuck him.
It is very dependant on randomness. With some balloon set ups, it is literally impossible, others are extremely difficult and yet others somewhat easy. You need to get lucky.
The problem with that is that you ban people out of fear blindly. Some of the most recent attacks were done by Christians, so why not ban them? Why not ban gun owners? Statistically speaking, gun owners are waaaaaaaaaaay more likely to murder more people, but no, guns are cool.
Two things. First, nothing of that fits the definition of tone deaf. Secondly, if 'banning all people that share a similar characteristic' is how you handle issues, then you should ban guns, white people, black people, men, women, Christians, hippies, vegans etc.
Not even when you had the Big Big Mac? It was delicious and big.
There are people that care about the longevity of the planet and the species. It's a 'care about your children' s future' thing.
If no one told you Big Foot existed, the exact same experience would not have you think you saw him.
Or a bear.
It could have been my mom actually, that you are describing.
Keep criticizing your betters, at some point people will realize how great you are!
Like, none of that is true. The problem with people who claim 'fake news' is that they live in their own bubble and don't actually see what is going on. That includes Trump.
No, the logic is that watching TV for 4-5 hours a day and taking 23 golf trips since becoming president can be considered an ill use of time with so many issues on the table. Next, he shows to be not knowledgable on many subjects. So yeah, he is going this stuff too much.
He probably doesn't. He's also not the president of the US though. I know some nurses and doctors that work way harder than Trump because they can't let their patients down. Trump lets his country down and obviously needs more time off to play golf?
Right, because you're in charge of that right? You're proving my point.
There is no such number. If Trump was knowledable on all the issues he is charged to face and made correct and sensible decisions that none would have done better, then he can play 1000 hours of golf a month for all anyone cares. The issue is he is very clearly uneducated on many things, yet doesn't work a full day and takes time off all the time.
What are you talking about? Those things aren't connected that way. If America succeeds, they will address Trump as president, whatever form that takes is up for debate. His election was not democratic, possibly even tampered with, he has some undeniable 'coincidental' ties to Russian power and worst of all: he makes poor decisions based on fallacies more often than not. Either Trump gets better advisers and starts listening to them, Congress and Supreme Court intervenes with his decisions, his acts are stalled until the next election or he gets impeached. It really doesn't matter to me. But the Trump issue being handled is America succeeding, not failing. Nothing says success than being able to address a faulty leader who has lots of power.
I guess I learned today that many people make superficial assumptions based on small, insigfinicant and unrelated habbits.
What problem? Sounds like the only problem is that he uses something that you have deemed shit. No problem here.
I sense some resentment in your post. The truth is this video doesn't prove what you claim it does. Communication **is** vital for 98% of LFG groups. Just because you managed to do it doesn't mean that most groups can. Heck, I've joined my fair share of groups that weren't able to get anywhere even with communication.
Defenders are true guardians, Strikers are vanguards and Sunbreakers are inferno warriors. I feel completely different playing as any of them. It's a matter of perspective.
