Yes, but if you are mad about having insurance then you probably don't understand your insurance.
Decay spam makes ES hit like a wet blanket and fold like a card table during the laning stage and a good Tombstone will reset the CD timing on blink late game.
Beastmaster hawk...
Hrmm, jungle techies sounds terrible. I get that there are bad techies players but there are bad carry players and bad supports and bad offlaners in almost every game too. Techies has three 5 key timings, three of which are critical. Once he gets the first 3, everything else is mind games. * Soul Ring (mana efficiency) * Arcane Boots (mana efficiency + soul ring trick) [shitty roaming techies goes tranquils] * Level 6 (Remote bombs, turns you into lane dominator) * Aghs (more efficiency/ability to participate some in team fights) * Force Staff (main defense against gems)
Well everything can work in the right circumstances but generally TB is god awful in this meta where just about every hero is truly viable.
Sad to see you are downvoted for recognizing the truth. Belief is so often the death of reason.
I just don't think ET gets enough farm as a support and needs to fix his mana issues asap.
All I know is I don't want to be around a cop with a gun drawn regardless of whether I did or didn't do anything wrong. Too many examples of "mistakes" being made to count at this point.
Pets added because fuck you.
Personal Jesus is always supportive of your bigotry.
I think it is the opposite: does your team need magic resistance / channeling help? Glimmer. Otherwise Force Staff.
It is a half joke but yes I do think we take a much keener interest in players who score on us than we otherwise would. * Moses * Willian * Salah * Remy * Costa (I am not sure if a PK counts) * Ba Probably missing a few.
You're trying to retrofit a bad idea (term limits) with an even more questionable idea around politicizing who a politician can talk to.
There are term limits. They come up every two years for Reps and six years for Senators.
Why? These things are always about average play, not most consistent play or length in the competition.
&gt; According to FIFA, 14% of injuries on grass were non-contact-related while the figure rose to 22% on the turf. ... &gt; the NFL’s Injury and Safety Panel presented a study finding that anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries happened 88 percent more often in games played on FieldTurf than in games played on grass. In 2012, the NFL Injury and Safety Panel published an independently funded analysis of actual game data over the 2000-2009 seasons. Their statistically significant findings showed a 67% higher rate of ACL sprains and 31% higher rate of eversion ankle sprains. In other words, the best turf in the world blows out knees and ankles at much higher rates than grass. There isn't a debate about turf to be had here. It is simple about allocating resources to improve the quality of the game which is FIFA's stated mission.
&gt;Edit: but that wasn't my point anyway. My point was that your turf is shitty cheap turf that can't be compared to professional turf. Actually the turf I play on is rated FIFA 2 star but that won't change your view I am sure.
&gt; I don't know what you want. Studies not paid for by organizations selling the product under review and qualitative analysis of high severity injuries relative to grass, with a focus on non-contact injuries, and not just frequency of all injuries regardless of severity.
If you are going to ignore the nuance of what is said then I can't respond to you.
In that case, thank you for your contribution but I think you aren't paying close attention then.
Urn sucks on Invoker.
He got a nice pay raise, he knew the form Dave and Ivanovic were in. It is his job to win the starting role and obviously he believed he could.
I don't think exhaustion is still a good excuse given the number of games he didn't play in.
This is what makes sense to me but I think Mourinho has different ideas. I'd also like to see Remy get more starts next season simply to keep Costa healthy.
I don't see what you are raging against. Tactically we don't use three strikers however Barcelona does use three strikers (and has at least one on the bench--so realistically a team using three strikers actually needs 4-5 for depth). When Remy comes on to the wing for Chelsea, he isn't playing a striker, he is playing an inside forward just like Hazard and Willian, that is to say he isn't leading the line. If we wanted to play like Barcelona we would need a better midfield (and arguably more possession oriented wing backs) to make up for the lack of responsibility our version of N-S-M would have on the defensive side of the ball. We aren't Barcelona so none of that matters. We play one striker, maybe two in desperation time--Barcelona plays three strikers-- not two wingers and a striker as you suggest.
Andy Lee has the best chance to be the first punter to make it into the NFL Hall of Fame. He probably won't because of being a Punter but he might be the best of all time at his position.
I have a 66% techies winrate and went up against a Techies player the other day. Game was easy and ended at 38 minutes. I just got a laugh checking dotabuff as the radiant techies was "laned" in the dire jungle for the first 10 minutes of the game.
Carries who complain never play support or play support badly on purpose to support the idea that they are a carry player.
Dave is not available. Don't even thinking about it.
Jupiter Crash
You guys really don't want Wilshere so you might as well just let him go free.
0.94 goals per 90 minutes.
The two strikers ahead of him have higher than average injury risks and Chelsea plans to compete in four major competitions.
No, /r/politics (among others) was removed because Reddit learned that it was big enough to focus on the lowest common denominator and that people are more likely to return to the site if they only saw information they already agreed with. Like all recent decisions, this is about commercializing Reddit and making it more appetizing to advertisers.
More than /r/libertarian or /r/ancap or /r/socialism or /r/conservative? I think we both know the answer.
And /r/neutralpolitics. I don't really see your point though. /r/politics is simply the biggest mixed audience and doesn't *pretend* to be topically unbiased.
Oh I guess I am starting to understand. Why would you think /r/politics is neutral in a system that rewards popularity?
You used to be able to hover over the dagger and see the range but they disabled that which effectively screwed over the learning curve for all new players.
It seems far more delusional to suggest politicians like Hillary Clinton are leftists.
I can't stand playing with bots. I am sure that mode is effective for some people but it is unplayable in my view (eg there is no fun).
Maybe 20M if Cech is worth 10M?
Exactly. There is a left in the US, some just don't identify their leftist ideas as being leftist.
Well then he loses when his opponents tell the people who stand to lose the most.
He would be worth £50m when he shits the bed next season while wrecking team chemistry and your offers for him will be £20m or less with one year left on his contract.
I would be more concerned with what you don't know, like what extremely unhappy player does to the moral of the rest of your team.
Sounds like a good reason to sell him at £40m.
Exactly this. Paying lip service is nice but not ask effective as walking the walk and encouraging his followers to walk it with him.
Abaddon is a better support than core. Lina is a better core than support.
I was speaking generally. If there are unjust laws, they generally don't just get overturned expeditiously as /u/xadakis somewhat implies. &gt;Breaking the law, and endangering lives in the service of attention for your cause is not reasonable. He didn't endanger anyone and breaking the law is what Rosa Parks did so there are indeed times one should break the law in protest. It isn't as black and white as you suggest, though this man is no Rosa Parks. The point is your logic is flawed.
I don't recall calling the FAA regulations unjust but I haven't studied them either.
Ok, well you misinterpreted.
I don't know, any emphasis on 'racial integrity' seems pretty fucked up.
I am truly disappointed for Kitchen as I think he deserves a chance to earn the Kyle Beckerman position. Hamid would have been on the bench the entire tournament so it isn't necessarily a snub. On the upside this allows Kitchen and Hamid to focus on winning the league which is the most important thing.
None of your examples have fought successful campaigns with light arms versus modern hardware. ISIS loses literally every battle the US provides modest air support to the Kurds.
Obviously I am joking a bit but we really aren't as exceptional as we'd like to believe ourselves to be. A severe economic downturn, a cutoff from the food supply due to weather, a significant terrorist event, an oil crisis, a destructive malware attack... these are not unrealistic.
The uneducated don't support liberty as they don't know what it is or means.
None of those examples are total war (which civil wars tend to bend towards) and you are dismissing the impact of (lack of) air support in all those conflicts or particular events.
Dark Seer you kind of should know if you are getting a melee enemy carry so you can effectively disrupt early game farm.
Sharks are attacking people because their feeding grounds are shrinking due to climate change and over fishing; both are human caused issues.
Yeah but he'll still be worth it with good management.
Maybe you've heard of John Taylor?
I don't think that example is very good because 50 cs / 10 min should still be a target as a contested mid. It probably should just make it more clear you were heavily harassed.
Wasn't this his first role since his Opera meltdown? That's what also made it kind of perfect.
And when you get e. coli from imported but unlabeled German bean sprouts where will your smugness be? http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/06/world/europe/06germany.html
Keys to the Hero: * Broadly known as an "anti-carry" due to Static Link removing damage from enemies and giving it to you along with Unstable Current slowing and doing damage briefly to anyone attacking you. This allows you to stand toe to toe with most enemies without issue most of the game. * Razor is a good hero against melee heroes, especially in 1v1 lanes as static link and early boots will win you the lane. Also good against ranged heroes but you become more reliant on Plasma Field and controlling runes for mana. * Static Link gives you damage even if you've drained it all the attack damage from your enemy so keep it going for as long as possible. You can also drain enemy illusions so feel free to go for a max Link off them. * Static link and Eye of the Storm both work if Razor goes invisible *after* using these skills. I don't recommend shadow blade but if you bottle an invis rune it can be quite fun. * Static Link and Eye of the Storm pierce magic immunity so don't give any fucks about BKB or Omniknight repel. * Plasma Field is your main nuke and is used to bully your enemies out of lane as well as speed up your farm. The energy field does damage twice, once out and once back with max damage when fully extended. Ergo, the key is to hit your enemies when it is max distance which becomes second nature once you get used to it. Bonus (gold) for farming creeps at the same time. * You tend to get all your skills off very quickly so Razor does exceptionally well against silence in all phases of the game. * The ultimate (w/o Aghs) targets the lowest health enemy in range and while the damage is important, don't underestimate the -1 armor per hit versus enemy heroes. * Razor is one of the few heroes in the game that can use a Refresher to double ultimate which is awe-inspiring and strikes fear into all who oppose you. * Eye of the Storm when upgraded by Aghs targets towers and barracks over creeps and enemies which melts these objectives. * Unstable Current will proc immediately when Spirit Breaker charges you so if you are paying attention you will almost never get a surprise charge. Skills: * Value point in Static Link which is good for level 1 rune fights. * Max Eye of the Storm (Ult) and Plasma Field when possible * At least one value point in Unstable Current by level 4. Likely prioritize Static Link over Unstable Current. Item Builds: * There are two main ways to play Razor and it doesn't change too much depending on the lane you are in (the main difference likely is you won't need a bottle in the safelane). (1) Race car or (2) Pushing * Race car (or fighting) Razor for me is the standard build as it synergizes best with your kit which is positioning (but not blink) reliant. Both Plasma Field and Static Link require you to stay at a certain range from your enemy so being faster than your opposition is helpful. This means Phase Boots over Treads. Aquila is an efficient first item but maybe drums if there is a lot of nukes for the early ehp and MS. Yasha minimally to accelerate your MS and farm with situational consideration into S&amp;Y or Manta . Hint: the slow from Sange is nice when static linking, the Manta is good to shed debuffs and to push a bit harder. Get BKB if needed followed by Butterfly (against right click) or Heart (against magic/burst spam). * The more gimmicky build (imo) is the pushing build. Probably get Aquila and Treads in this strategy. A lot of pros will get Mekanism which certainly is useful at a good timing window. At this point you really have to decide if you are committed to this strategy and if you are then you get Aghs and Refresher though this can weigh your team down until each item gets completed. BKB if necessary at any point. With Aghs and two ults going, you can take objectives very very quickly and basically no one can stop you or want to push into you. If they try, just static link them and right click them to death. Repeat every 60 seconds until game is over. * Other items for consideration: Desolator is a great win more/faster item for either build. Halbert is an excellent choice if the game is hard and you need to deal with right-clicks from an enemy like Ursa who can burst through Static Link though Blademail works better in some situations. Assault Cuirass is also a very good item some games since it fits his playstyle in either race car or push mode. MKB or Daedalus are also pretty standard items to get if Static Link isn't providing the damage your team needs though Razor isn't optimized to be a true scaling carry. Lastly I will mention Diffusal Blade which now is very useful in getting off max damage Static Links and is a great counter to Omniknight ult.
As long as he game manages and the defense carries him, I definitely think it is possible. If the game has to be put on Alex Smith's arm, it ain't gonna happen.
He falls off a lot less hard these days with the new creep auras and new Chen ability to split push with his creeps. But yes, he falls off. I am not a pro-Chen player but typically if you aren't get harassed in the jungle during laning you will create enough space that your team can snowball and advantage. Plus it is never a game where no wards are being bought because the supports are too poor.
And here I though our central midfield situation was far worse.
Look, if you think playoffs change captain checkdown into a Joe Montana superhero, I ain't gonna stop you. I just am more than happy to take the other side of that bet. The reality to me is Alex Smith's success is contingent on the defense generating turnovers and good field position and to a lesser extent the offensive line talent... most of which he ultimately wastes but field goals do add up. Yes, he had to throw deep in these playoffs games to stay in the game and to an extent it payed off. I just wouldn't bet my Super Bowl hopes on it if i was the Chiefs. Hope the defense stays strong in pass defense and let West and Ware run down the clock. The moment Alex Smith has the win the game with his arm is the moment the Chiefs go off script.
Enigma is a worse ganker and is reliant on a skill with a very long cool down for relevancy which makes it harder to apply consistent pressure. Engima also can't split push as safely. That's the trade off but certainly both can work.
The first four people who instantly picks cores and then start acting like entitled children demanding the fifth player to pick the support of their choosing... and then when that doesn't happen start saying "gg" and "report &lt;fifth player&gt;". If you want a support, pick a goddamn support. Don't pick what you want and then attempt to takeaway other's right to choose their own hero.
Yeah but the police aren't being paid overtime. The lawyers haven't collected their fee. The politicians don't get a chance to receive ~~bribes~~ campaign donations from both sides, etc.
I don't mind paying for good staff, but it seems to me more than a few players are being overpaid. If this was Football Manager (it isn't), it time to slash and burn underperforming, highly paid players older than 28 and sell or loan (for full wages) off the hot prospects who aren't performing or playing respectively. The savings need to be rolled into new talent for next season.
Ivanovic has always been the weak link in the defense even when we weren't giving up goals. It has just become more apparent because of some ridiculous misplays that have led to goals in the last 12 months. Hell, Salah scoring on us that led us to buying him was a clear exploit of Ivanovic. This shit isn't new information
Hero fantasies get me so hot and bothered.
He turned up in the place Pedro should have been.
Blehs
https://www.opensecrets.org/overview/sectors.php
There is a direct link between the Orthodox Russian Church and Putin's position on gay rights.
Pick TA, Pugna, Nyx, Pudge. Win game.
A parameter could be that they will start on a particular start date. Doesn't mean they are the objective best, just the best within your parameters.
Look we both agree you are very confused.
When I was new and playing slark like 2 years ago I used to build soul ring. I still think it is a decent item on him because even when you tread switch you run out of mana a lot if you are having a really active early game. The main problem is it is 850 gold that could have gone to shadowblade or blink.
I am not disagreeing, I am just saying uncoordinated pubs are largely uncoordinated except at the highest mmrs and most of the time you can play around the small amount of coordination that grows over the course of a game.
Patience.
Also a much different player...
Both incoming moves are so low risk I don't know how you can call either awful. Outgoing... I will miss Ramires but the money was too good to pass.
So he is 94th percentile instead of 98th? That changes everything!
I was assuming those types of controls were already being circumvented. The reason this guy was caught was through statistical analysis by other players. However if the name wasn't the same then the pattern would be much harder to detect.
I don't know about 'we' but you clearly have negative feelings towards a group you've labeled 'leftists'.
Why are you trying to hard to avoid being direct all of a sudden? I actually appreciated when you owned your hatred of leftists.
The run game suffered as well due the offensive line so we couldn't use the running game to set up the pass either.
We were the worst in run blocking and the 2nd to worst in pass protection. What delusion are you referencing? http://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/ol
Chelsea pocketing that £1M profit for 1.5 years of service.
Well despite my flair I am a Chelsea fan and Terry's form is questionable. The real value right now is his on the field leading since he isn't providing consistent world class play. I'm not suggesting Cahill is shit but we all know he's a 30 year old that never became world class. There is a tiny opening in the short term for Miazga especially if he looks good in practice and gets a chance in cup game. Definitely not wishing for injuries but that could bring opportunity as well.
It does help when they overextend and start at half health. Agreed. Also 8k player (that true?)
There was a thread of over 60 replies, many of which appear to have been tampered with as well.
the moderators have been stealth deleting any posts critical of Islam on that thread.
I completely agree that the meta is only important in super high mmr. The only reason Slark is strong in 3k games is people don't know how to play around him or counter pick and occasionally an allied support is bright enough to de-ward based on Slark's ult. Slark counters: * Puck (silence/escape/nuke) * Anti-Mage (escape/mana burn) * QoP (escape/nuke) * Doom (doom) * Tiny (nuke/craggy) * Bloodseeker (silence/thirst) * Lina/Lion (stun/nuke) * Timbersaw (escape/aoe nuke) * Riki (silence/escape) * Pugna (aoe nuke/ward/semi-escape)
Blink bkb
Please, enlighten those who are curious instead of withholding your precious secrets.
Honestly, to get players fit for 90 minutes you play them for 90 minutes or as close as you can.
If you look at the stats, the team attacked down the right when DeLeon was on the left. The problem that arose was from this conscious or unconscious decision is that Neagle had like a 40ish pass complete rate so it made no sense at all.
I think he was moved to the wing due to injuries there.
Kenedy, bless his heart, is an engine without a purpose. We all love his energy but it needs efficiency and focus.
The goal analysis aside, I think you missed all the big trends that led to failure: 1. Forcing the ball down Neagle's side which happens to the be the right side despite what the starting XI looked like. This worked in the first half but failed in the second. 2. The Marcelo and Jeffery pairing was anemic in both defense and attack. The Sounders played through the middle all game and both had poor vision passing forward. We were dominated in the midfield and didn't adjust until Neagle came off and we temporarily moved to a 433 and by then it was too late. 3. Acosta and Espindola lack chemistry. Both want to play deep, and both want to be individually selfish. No striker pairing finds success with that mentality. 4. I think it worth re-emphasizing how bad Espindola has been playing. He is old, slow, and unable to adjust to the realities of his physical limitations. The one moment you want him to selfishly take on a player in the box, he gets cold feet and passes backwards and the play ends.
The Pope proposed tribunals a year ago and now has backed off for a policy that is arguably the same policy. Inaction to look like action.
If you are an outside observer, this is clearly an effort to commit no further effort and certainly falls well short of what Pope Francis proposed a year ago to much fanfare. If anything, it looks like a classic delay tactic to keep justice from being served. It would be unconscionable for any secular organization to behave in this way.
Who on earth thinks "grave reasons" are somehow worse than child molestation and rape? Whoever they are, those people are unfit to be church or morality leaders, and they aren't even the ones who committed these horrible acts.
That's why he needs his Eul's
The point is this is all window dressing because this authority already existed and continues to fall short of the tribunals that Pope Francis proposed a year ago. Maybe in another 40 years when all the perps and most of the victims are dead something concrete will be done?
I guess couldn't hide it... for the last two summer windows. :(
&gt; And now there will be no excuse for the Church to not enforce the law There has been 40 years of excuses. Of course a new one will appear and if that one is wiped away another will arise. That's why the tribunal proposal was so intriguing. It would have wiped all the excuses away in one fell swoop. Unfortunately the Catholic hierarchy is more powerful than the Pope. In the meantime, we remain in the status quo while the perpetrators remain in positions of power to prevent the prosecution of themselves.
Because a dedicated tribunal has independent prosecutorial power shielded from the interference of the dioceses with the worldwide authority to compel appearances would be only accountable to the pope. The only question would be whether the pope would preside over a corrupt tribunal or not. Btw all this talk about vague laws excusing injustice and basic human responsibility just reminds me how insane it is these religious institutions continue to exist. Any misdeeds can be rationalized if 'faith' overrides everything else.
Seems like a bad case of false equivalency to me. Rape isn't a vague legal concept that you wish it to be.
You are honestly patting yourself on the back declaring you made a good point because systemic, widespread cover ups of rape in your mind is as ambiguous as legally made IP transfers? Like I said before, if you can "believe" in one thing without evidence, you are easily led to believe anything without evidence. And then you have the gall to argue that if the Catholic church is as corrupt as it is, then every other organization is just as corrupt. Which of course is patently untrue. The difference being of course that rule of law endures everywhere but where evil shields itself by wearing frocks. You are truly off your rocker.
You miss all the omnislashes you don't take.
It is only when certain government programs are initiated that make that appearance seem real.
Not one loan to DCU while he could do that unilaterally.
But she was condemned for loving too much!
In my Football Manager save Youri Tielemans became the best footballer in the world... as a striker.
Hazard is not a 442 midfielder so are we replacing him in your mind? edit: downvotes from people who don't acknowledge reality.
I want Anthony Davis to come back as I think we need the depth and completely agree with the coaches that he needs to re-earn his place should he return. I also think he should be given back his signing bonus if he hits any reasonable incentives along the way, such as playing 60% of offensive snaps. Both sides should find an acceptable middle ground to move forward. That said, I think he should also retire from twitter no matter what happens. He just isn't good at it and it is harming his reputation.
[I am Nostradamus](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4mzf88/team_empire_vs_team_secret_post_match_discussion/d3zrkym?context=3)
DAE think extroverts are demonized by those loudmouthed introverts always stirring up reality TV-style drama? upvotes plz
Any decent riki will be a prepared for a warding war and aggressively win it.
Undying is still a decent hero, he just can no longer solo offlane. He needs a ranged ally with a reliable disable now.
At the same time, no 2k is decent at countering riki. I still think of Riki has a 2k pub stomper but perhaps that has changed. I have a 80% winrate with him since his ult change.
As much as Gawker is hate-worthy, I am not sure I am comfortable entering an era where billionaires get to shut down media based on a personal vendetta.
I know the truth in this matter is unpopular on reddit but what happened was Hogan, a married public figure, slept with someone not his wife and Gawker published evidence via a sex tape (that showed a male organ). Hogan sued in Federal court and lost. He then venue shopped to Florida state court (I imagine this is when the billionaire money appeared) and got an injunction to take it down. Gawker took down the video but linked to a mirrored version and got a stay on appeal and even won on the grounds of "prior restraint". However instead of dismissing the case at that point, the judge allowed it to go to trial. At that point it was a case of who does 6 jurors like more, Gawker, an internet rag, or a beloved wrestling super star in Hogan? Of course, not understanding juries decide on likeability, an idiot Gawker executive said to the jury child porn is situationally of public interest which was as stupid as one can be. Jury decided against Gawker and now we are here.
No news sub is going to be able to compete with a default sub called /r/news. This idea of creating competing subs has thousands of examples of failures and examples of successes that can be counted on one hand. The network effect is too strong for this to be a viable option. What needs to happen is periodic review and refreshes of default sub moderators but the admins have no interest or incentives in going that route since the moderator labor is currently free with almost no administrative oversight costs.
Just came here to point out Brazil's crappy B team can't find a place for Oscar.
As is "hate speech". We live in a world were acknowledging reality is characterized as "Islamaphobia".
It is cuilrunnings, he's never going to accept evidence that doesn't comport with his reactionary worldview.
Fundamentally, this whole /r/news kerfuffle is about acknowledging and establishing the link between the shooter and Islam. A link the shooter himself went out of his way to communicate to authorities (unless you don't believe either the shooter was telling the truth or the authorities are not which is a far more conspiratorial view given what we currently know). At least some of the mods of /r/news took the position (in real time) that acknowledging this incontrovertible fact was worthy of censorship.
I am literally not wrong. You continue to be a right wing reactionary.
Elaborate
I hadn't realized Obama was proposing stripping police and the military of firearms. Even countries with firearm bans don't go that far. Source? Or perhaps you are being a little hyperbolic? ;) I would have accepted a low tax argument though. But I think you'd fine significant percentages of Democrats still want improved services over minimal taxes.
Hah, well they both need to improve dramatically. Willian was good at the beginning of the season but he has two moves and most defenders are smart enough to game-plan. Oscar on the other hand just becomes invisible for 15-20 minutes at a time and that is also unacceptable.
Full disclosure I think all religion is outdated and a net harm to society (if you can believe one thing without evidence, you normalize believing anything without evidence). That said, Christianity went through significant reformations that have made extremism broadly unpalatable. But yes, I do agree we are talking about religious extremism but it just so happens that the most high profile cases of religious extremism appear to be originating or connected to one particular world religion. We can't ignore that.
Yes, I think it would be responsible for the leaders (be so as they may) in those areas to respond to the allegations. The evidence on this particular shooter suggests he was significantly driven by his religious beliefs. If he said a custody battle or Doom 4 made this the inevitable outcome, I would expect a response from those authorities, especially if it fit into a larger well-documented pattern of behavior by others in similar socio-economic statuses. We done now?
Decreeing that people shall not wear clothes of two types of fabrics, eat shellfish, and allowing for slavery seems to suggest Christianity is a buffet religion. Are you sure the KKK isn't reading the part of the Bible you are ignoring and vice versa?
The problem is the entire right is infected with a malignant regressive disease of its own. The left is at least running around with some white blood cells fighting the good fight.
Either quote the whole thing or look see my [re-write here](https://www.reddit.com/r/undelete/comments/4nwkqv/probably_not_a_surprise_to_most_but_rislam_is/d484unt). It certainly isn't aimed at Muslims alone. I aimed it at all groups where people are committing heinous acts in said groups name. If your leaders are lying to you, there is likely something wrong under the hood.
It is already starting that he "couldn't be a Muslim because he was gay". Which of course is a complete misunderstanding of the human condition.
It provides counter-factual narrative to the big lie being perpetrated that he isn't a "real Muslim".
Did I offend your delicate sensibilities with the incontrovertible truth?
&gt;Most people don't really want gun control, This is a huge lie. Most Americans want gun control. Most gun owners also want gun control when you ask specific questions like about background checks, locking guns, cooling off periods, closing the gun show and internet loopholes. But if you ask a generic question about gun control then they are against it. http://www.pollingreport.com/guns.htm http://www.pewresearch.org/data-trend/domestic-issues/gun-control/ http://dailycaller.com/2015/10/19/majority-of-americans-want-stricter-gun-control-for-first-time-in-years/
I am sorry but there is a long history of discussing radicalized Christianity in this country from the KKK to abortion clinic bombings to Westboro Baptists. Islam doesn't get a pass.
There aren't enough facts to assume any of that. For all we know the guard missed the shooter and shot an innocent party.
Except techies takes skill to win your lane.
I showed my work in my other reply and causalities encompasses injuries not just deaths.
I am not expecting any changes, I am simply documenting deleted posts on /r/undelete. Where do you think you are? I also don't understand the accusation of racism. Islam is not a race. Are you sure you know what is going on?
You have made it clear 3 or 4 times now that your repudiate your perception of my lifestyle. That I am immoral and causing real harm and you are self-anointed to bring Internet justice. I, of course, have a different view, one where you are defending censorship, where you are being an apologist for terror, where you are an emotional unstable person who seriously needs professional help. Where do we go from here? Are you going to threaten me? Are you damning me to hell? What is it you want at this point?
You are certainly stalking me at this point. Where exactly do you anticipate taking this aggressive action on your part?
Those words are good and all but what specifically are you doing to prevent Islamic terrorism if your strategy is to deny it exists in a statistically significant way?
Is there a reason to get the mods or admins involved?
I have trolled no one but we both know you think I am trolling and you are trying to troll me back I guess. That's your choice to be a troll and no one else's (while of course denouncing me for being a troll which is ironic).
Yes, I do think I am starting to need witnesses.
Yes, there are lots of risk management things people do to remain alive in an unforgiving world. That doesn't mean we turn a blind eye to a world-wide phenomena of young Muslim men and sometimes women killing as many innocent people as possible on their way out of this world. If this were Jews or blonde haired people doing the murdering, the response would be exactly the same.
The root cause can be a combination of factors. Trying to just blame one factor is counter-productive when removing other factors probably would have relieved the pressure.
The only thing that is telling to me is that there was no prenup in a marriage that the parties brought together vastly different valuations of assets. That made a messy divorce practically the only viable outcome due to the incentives model. The kids hating her is also a leading indicator.
You keep using a word that you clearly don't understand. It is emblematic of many other things you say that are not tethered to reality.
Besides breaking up the sausage party (which I am for), how many people can honestly say Sheever would have improved the production of Manila?
PSA: /r/learndota2 isn't arguing your 5k mmr strats apply to 2k mmr noobs with completely different timing windows and team behaviors.
&gt; Eat the big one first, kill the small creeps second. FTFY
But they make up for it by accepting more foreign student transfers at the cost of local students... or something.
Technically you don't need a number 3 in this scheme.
You are comparing a political system to an economic system. Just one of those base reasons you are perpetually confused.
After the even bigger tragedy of moving it to Friday nights.
Unfortunately the regressive left won't even let us talk about the killers religion as a cause without (reflexively/inaccurately) calling us "racists".
/s
Is the libertarian going to fight to stop it?
Human beings are generally capable independent critical thinkers if their head isn't filled only with rote learning during development.
Valve employees choose to work on what they want and they clearly don't want to work on boring things like getting a website to properly function. The system works perfectly as intended.
I don't understand why you are removing all the nuance around matricing threat indicators especially when the one specific one we are talking about is teaching hate. It isn't even Islam or religion we are talking about. It is joining/participating in groups and trusting leaders who teach and incite intolerance. Combine that with other factors (ex. reported to the FBI for hate speech, purchased semi-automatic rifles with large ammo capacities, allegations of domestic violence, recent changes in marital status, postings on social media) and the field narrows. We can work on each of these issues in parallel, but if religious organizations are not shamed about their teaching of intolerance then we are not holistically addressing the problem.
"Play LC in a lane for the first 8 minutes of the game"
It is worth factoring in with time-based probability but that doesn't change the trends.
Do the math yourself (I did). Deaths+injuries = casualties https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism_in_the_United_States#2010.E2.80.93present
The good kind?
How did the 16 year old play?
If only there was some trust in the voting systems we use.
Ban Axe
Libertarians are immune to their own contradictions. It's like poisonous snakes biting themselves.
They'd think that I'd finally lost it completely.
Meanwhile you are entrenched in a ward battle while supports are constantly rotating on you while your regen is out.
Not to say I don't respect the plight of anyone truly committed to the support role but I highly doubt you've been making the smartest decisions with warding and de-warding if no vision is up.
AM: "WE NEED TO GROUP UP AND FIGHT AS A TEAM" AM: Proceeds to blink away to farm jungle.
Lukaku: According to reddit the worst striker in history to ever score goals every other game in a top league.
I agree, politicians, like judges, should be paid a wage large enough to de-incentivise corruption. Unfortunately, like all wages, their pay has not kept up with inflation the last 40 years.
There are always exceptions but you don't bet the franchise on it.
In my hero fantasy it is very realistic. Followed by a very classy orgy focused solely on my gratification.
In any case we can agree a 10 year old didn't pick her own advisers.
Most experts don't think the solar and wind numbers are crunching to do that just yet. Which means we will be pumping more carbon into the atmosphere with cheap natural gas instead.
It is arguably a key item when you are facing farmed illusion/summons heroes but you still need damage first and preferably a battlefury.
As a Clinkz player, Nightstalker is my nightmare with his single target silence and slow. As a carry, I hate to face Chaos Knight. CK forces an Orchid or basically I have no idea which illusion to focus. Other than that, BB, Zeus, SK, and Spirit Breaker specifically can all make life miserable. Lastly, as a pocket counter pick, Techies will kill my ability to farm and split push alone and buying a gem cuts both ways.
Don't admit that too loudly or the masses will hate you for not respecting their choice to be an unwitting marketing vector for mostly free advertising.
It is a "guilty pleasure" type show. Lots of calories and no nutrition but everyone likes cake and ice cream from time to time.
Hamid is just coming off injury but yes, let's hope.
Some other carry will likely yell at this support in another game and the salt mines will open again.
