Thanks.
"I'm building a ladder to get you out of here."
Megadeth
Similarly, I've been asked by CoD-bros over the headset if I'm Minnesotan. Close enough.
You guys realize he was trying to catch a ball from the outfield that sailed over his glove, right? You can see it on both sides of him.
Now I get it.
Pretty sure that's Robb executing Lord Karstark. Edit: on re-watching, this is a huge episode, right down to the song over the credits.
S3E5 has Shireen singing a Patchface song, first briefly in scene and then extended over the credits. Awesome episode all around.
That's the strongest stuff I've ever crinkled.
Definitely need a gif of CBC's shot of Toews spinning with the Cup.
I've felt ever since reading Feast that she's just tragic. Not that I can sympathize or root for her, but I get the impression that she'd be perfectly content with a small life on a farm with kids, but there's no way she could ever have had it. When she dies, I hope she doesn't suffer long. Jaime will see to that.
Are you me? *Good idea, but they're harder to throw.*
So. ~~I was...~~ ~~I'm a little curious...~~ oh god don't make me ask it. What does two cups feel like?
Sorely underlooked fact, that.
Rebels flair, nice.
Of all the things to be proud of, you choose BP?
I mean, he's Jon Quick and you're watching the game, so...
Red Deer's worst claim to fame.
You're not in the minority, they were always terrible. Fucking low tempo "punk" music. I'll bet they get calluses from their guitar picks.
Why is Seth Green relevant? I know he's part of RC, but I was specifically talking about MacFarlane's role in the skit.
With the game Ramo's having? Yeah, no.
You kind of support the point you're arguing against - if it was a man, Kylo presumably wouldn't have any sexual urge. Because Rey is a woman, the threat takes on another layer.
I love that they try to stop drinking in Finland.
Corsi (For?)% means they've taken 51.9% of even-strength shots on goal over the course of their streak, I believe. Not sure what PDO is.
I turned the difficulty down a couple times too, but my experience was that the combat became even more rinse-and-repeat at lower levels. Ideally, the combat should require you to use a variety of signs, potions, bombs and swordplay in each encounter, with different aspects taking a more prominent role in different fights. While it didn't feel visceral and frantic like a good Souls battle, I thought The Witcher 3 excelled at making you learn how to use all your skills, rather than simply min-maxing your way to your favourite superweapon.
If you do this first thing every morning, you'll be a bit looser in general all the time. You'll be more in touch with the condition you're in at any given moment. That said, stretching in the morning is no substitute for warming up six hours later. If you don't want to stretch twice a day, then you should be stretching right before or right after your workout. For best results, have a morning routine that complements your lifting stretches. Source: I've stretched before.
I just wanted to blow through the combat, too. That's how I played W2. Your description of your play style probably matches a lot of people's. When you crank it up, things like potion upgrades and reading the Bestiary become more relevant, adding to the role play aspect. What would Geralt do? He would slow down, chill out, gather herbs, read a book, consult local experts and go into battle with some kind of plan. Only then would he make his thousand cuts. I think part of what makes him a great character (despite his blandness) is the respect he has for the world around him. Does he need to kill this monster? If so, why? And how?
This play is also remarkable because the Stars had stolen a point from the Oilers earlier in the season on a bad goal reversal call. With the Oilers down by one with less than a minute to go, Shawn Horcoff took the draw in the offensive zone. He won the faceoff and assisted on a tying goal, but the whole play was done over because the ref thought that Horcoff had made a hand pass when in fact his hand was just low on his stick for the faceoff. The Oilers failed to recreate their quick goal, the Stars won in regulation, I had no problem with the result at the time, though I acknowledged that it was a raw deal for the Oil. This play has everything: Hemsky scores, Ferraro rips a bad performance, a whole team gets screwed. I didn't think much of it until this happened, weeks or months later. All of this is true, and it's the real reason the Stefan play happened how it did. Hockey gods. There's no other explanation. [Here's the clip!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrpxnkTlAKU)
CLASSYCLASSYCLAsorry, do we still do that?
Probably closer to 8 unless you think he's going to start 182 games in a 162 game season. Realistically, 100-140 games.
The team could literally move to Tampa Bay and they'd still be ours. This is no time to go shelling out for something that expensive without a viable return. The whole deal stinks.
Yeah, you might need to tweak the formula a little to make it relevant to your community, but the concept of mentoring someone younger than yourself is universal. Doesn't necessarily have to be someone less fortunate than you, though it stands to reason that they would benefit more than someone who just needs a friend outside of home and school. Please don't think that I was conflating being black with being less fortunate.
That suggests there are people who desperately want him on the team.
I couldn't be sure. I *had* to know.
Are you the typical Panthers fan?
Do they need to?
buddy....
You're hilarious. This is the second game since the streak, it was over when you got to VAN. I expect you to recognize that no matter how many goals they lose by tonight, the Panthers are 12-2 in their last 14. That's not "the same fucking Panthers hockey" that you think it is.
lol
I just wanted to lick your tears a little, enjoy the playoffs.
It would've lost some of the charm of the reference made. And sounded funny, but not funny ha-ha.
I wanted his favourite band to come out and play his favourite song.
This article got me pregnant, and I swear I never had sex with it.
Yup.
It's a split based on more factors than that. Area code is arbitrary, geography and immigration less so.
Is anyone else having a hard time reading the names on those orange jerseys? Now, red on white - that's a colour combo the Oilers could learn from.
I like them just fine, they're unique. The font, however, gets soaked up by all that orange. Needs to make the blue pop better, maybe dial back the white border.
Or maybe just turn on the lights in the arena, who knows?
Timeless. The word you're looking for is timeless.
Nothing wrong with that. I just want to actually know who I'm watching.
No question then, support local! The NHL gets enough of your time and attention.
I'm not even here to argue, but we get more than enough Leafs games out here. Enjoy all the hockey.
Sick dump-in, Hallsy!
Who wants a little river hockey? I DO!
And three in the NHL, though I expect a few of the guys rounding out the top ten to have endorsement deals to fill the gap. That totals around 275 in those leagues. Maybe some golfers, tennis players... poker players?
90s kids don't have as much of a place on the modern NHL team as they used to, but they're still there, passing on traditions that only they remember.
Then don't sweat it, browning the meat is not strictly necessary. Yes, it adds flavour and yes, that would be important if the meat were to be served on its own, but this dish already has plenty of flavour and any textural advantage of searing will be nullified by the stewing process.
I just got here. How's the game been?
Right where we want 'em.
I think we just did!
*tap tap tap*
Underrated comment. More people need to read this and really consider what it's saying.
Yeah, it seems pretty clear that he's rapping at the mirror at this point in the video.
I had to re-read it.
That's an (arguably) incorrect spelling that's grown in popularity in recent years. There is much more precedent for "whoa". Here's a chart that illustrates the usage of each spelling over the years on reddit: [http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10] (http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
Now you're just making shit up.
One morning, early 2012, I was riding the 7 downtown. Knowing that I would be one of the first to disembark, I stood near the back door. As the bus filled up, I was forced closer to the door. As the bus filled beyond capacity, I was literally pushed out the door eight stops early. That was the day that I became a committed winter cyclist.
Nope, but they may be an oddball who greets themselves in comments.
I'll be there to finish it 3 on 3.
*stick tap*
You wish. We're not rolling over for the likes of you.
Noted. Still stand by what I said though - the Flames aren't an easy win.
Ron Hainsey's still playing? What do they call him on the ice, Hainsey?
I don't know about Canes fans, but Flames fans don't usually show up in great numbers outside of our subreddit, which isn't all that hopping either if we're being honest.
Okay, maybe the Flames will lay down for the likes of you.
GOOD
Never shave again?
What does it matter to you?
If you stretch every day, you'll get some kind of results for sure. Their extent will be determined by how you challenge yourself each session - if you can touch the floor with your fingertips, aim for palms flat. You are certainly going to be more flexible; how much more is up to you. Sure, there's a limit, but you're not there yet. As far as your goals, I would suggest replacing your cardio with HIIT in whichever form you'll stick with. You'll spend less time on it, you'll burn fat quicker, and you'll reap greater benefit to your cardiovascular system.
More curls. Volume. The right shampoo will take you places. Don't swing the weights.
Good mornings? I love Romanian deadlifts, they work the whole back plus glutes and hams. You could also imitate the movement with resistance bands under your feet.
I've heard that box squats carry the risk of spinal compression, as in "oops, I went down too fast and now this 225lbs on my back has nowhere to go." Be conscious of that when you go heavy.
What a time to be alive.
Ha!
Hitler was known for being hilarious though, so she still gets by.
The pro-tank viewpoint would state that a top pick is not supposed to turn a franchise around immediately, but rather be a significant contributor to years of future success.
You can levy that criticism towards any musician with an extensive catalogue, though. Kanye definitely works with a ton of people, but that doesn't discredit him at all. I think it supports the notion that he's a highly creative intellectual rather than a flash in the pan or a coattail rider as you imply (going so far as to say that he **was** a great producer and now he's not a producer at all. Why is it so hard for people to say, "I don't like Kanye's music but I'm not bothered by it"?
Honestly, I just did. You are the yin to my yang here man, I am as eternally fascinated by him as you are dispassionately unimpressed and I'm okay with that. I just can't ignore every instance of playa-hatin' and yours is perfectly off-base. It's completely true that he does a smaller percentage of his own production now than he used to, going by the ever-increasing number of co-producers listed. On some albums more than others, we even see him relinquishing the first production credit, on some tracks not even receiving co-producer. All that accounted for, he still has first production credits on the vast majority of his songs, and his upcoming album looks to carry on the trend. You're right to describe him as an orchestrator and I wouldn't be surprised to learn that his method features a healthy amount of "make it sound like this for me", but to insist that doesn't qualify as production is ignorant. Without Kanye in the booth, these incredible fucking albums don't happen.
Spoiler alert: you won't like it. Edit: but I'm looking forward to your thoughts all the same.
Sportsnet panel making the reasonable point that you can see his feet moving to the side at the last moment, suggesting that he didn't see the linesman and tried to move out of the way. Worth at least a phone hearing, but not necessarily malicious. Would be nice to see the team without him for a day or two, but if no one's hurt then I don't care one way or the other. Dumb play on Wideman's part.
Are the Ice Caps really worthy of your spite, though? What did they do wrong?
Hilarious in concept, though.
[In his own words.](http://www.theplayerstribune.com/a-guy-like-me/) Definitely worth the read.
I just got here and haven't had a chance to see them together yet, but I sure like the sound of it.
Yeah, that's what I wanted to see. Now if Gaudreau could get Scott the hatty, I'd be out of my seat.
You know you love it.
Clip please, anyone!
Osuna waited until the game was won to drop the ball.
Phoenix Coyotes legend, rather.
Good thing you're cute.
This sub is supposed to be the last bastion of reasonable discussion!
What do you have against nutritionists? Do you really think it's a bad investment on the team's part? Edit: oh, I catch your meaning now. I assume that if the nutritionist/dietician showed some credentials, you'd be okay with it?
Sure did.
Please elaborate.
He should have had daughters.
The Waif let Arya suffer. Jaqen won't be pleased.
Her face that hasn't been cut off her dead body? That was Arya, she got stabbed good.
ANY MAN DIES WITH A CLEAN SWORD, I'LL HYPE HIS FUCKING CORPSE!
That's more the fault of the writing than anything. The actresses aren't doing much of anything wrong, unless you don't like their accents.
Sansa was also thinking, "you can't understand yet, kid," but knew she had to hold her tongue. Great exchange there.
I had to watch the scene to get what you were saying, but that's an interesting point. Also of note in that scene, the Waif says "I was right about her", to which Jaqen replies "you were." This could dampen speculation on the implications of the Waif's use of personal pronouns when talking about how much she wants to kill Arya. Anyway, good find on the faces; there's not much we know for certain with regards to the swapping tech, as far as I've seen.
Wasn't that Glover in the trailer, drawing his sword in front of Brienne in a dimly-lit hallway? She didn't look like she was there to fight, and neither did he, even as he drew steel. I think he was giving the speech with a flourish. Someone tell me who that was otherwise.
She fucked him up on a bridge years ago, he'd go down ten times out of ten.
You should tell him that.
True that, I specialize in soft line drives over the middle infield and aggressive baserunning. Just feeling the banger spirit is all.
We live in an era where thumbnails will regrow within seconds in just a few decades.
Let's see how it works. Edit: credit
Yup. Can't help wanting it, but it keeps burning us.
Here we go boys, bonus baseball!
Baseball isn't a morality play, it has definitive win/loss conditions. One team will deserve to win.
I'm here to second Blown Wide Open. Every time I've ever seen a band play that song, the bridge brings with it this anticipation throughout the room that really makes a performance special.
Tough talk from a Wild fan.
I'm not familiar with the details, why didn't Kessel want to be traded?
I root for him in hopes that people will give up the "whiner" narrative, or at least accept that at his best, he's THE best. I can hardly wait to see what he does when he retires.
I consider this your mission now.
Negative five, brand new game!
You're this close to a Cup, of course you're on edge. Just keep stroking, it'll all come together eventually.
I can't see his ass hair in this photo, what am I missing?
Very good sportsmanship, except for the part where you wrote off your own team while they're leading on the road.
Make friends with fans of your team if possible, frequent sports bars that will accommodate your selfish requests to put on the wrong hockey game, or just go to minor league games in your new home, I hear those are fun.
I'll defer to your flair and awesome analogy.
So do we. Edit: in all fairness, Darwin Barney has basically been the Jays' best hitter since before Tulo's placement on the DL, but that doesn't mean we don't miss Tulo.
Glass 3/4 full, I'm feeling it!
I had never seen it and was definitely expecting a drunk driving PSA. That was nuts.
Best part was when we scored five runs and chased Jimenez after 0.1 innings.
As usual. The specific issue of replaying the bottom of the eighth was present today, as well as the usual choppiness on Chrome desktop. I'm amazed at how consistently the Android app performs compared to desktop.
Adblock? I'm not getting them on desktop or Android.
Beric gave his life to her not long after she died, so his presence seems to indicate that she's dead for good here.
Give it up, dude. On the slim chance that LSH happens, she hasn't happened yet. The BWB/R'hllorists will absorb whatever her grand purpose is, because she is a fucking crazy development that would draw focus away from what's really going on in this story. EVEN IF she's meant to parallel the freaky resurrections going on up North, she isn't as important as the Night's King so she won't take his screen time.
Not with that WSH bandwagon flair, but nice try.
How many times do you plan on buying it?
Bruh
Your point about the Olympics suggests you didn't see the goal, even though you obviously have. Honestly, I think the only active player who deserves an honorary mention is Patrick Kane, but even he can't compare to Crosby's all-around game and legacy.
I just meant that it was a phenomenal goal; he called for the pass in such a manner that the USA probably would have sent it his way, then blew the shot past Miller faster than almost anyone could. I agree with what you're saying about Toews' overall contribution in the tourney, dude's probably my favourite player on the strength of that performance alone, but Crosby is why they won that game, in that moment. With respect to all the other factors on that play, it was all him.
Great, another fuckin' nailbiter.
Honest question: what does Goins lack that would contribute to ideal outfield defence?
Ricky Romero
My social studies class got to see that in the theatre in grade eleven, I still cringe when I think about the guy with the burned leg. I can see how there are better Vietnam movies, but what's wrong with this one?
Yeah, we don't really joke about every last tragedy... I'm sure there are a few D-Day jokes out there, but you don't tend to hear them for a reason. 'Too soon' can last generations sometimes.
Two homers already, evidently!
Stealing traditions is weird
No time to celebrate Russ, Pillar wants it!
It's so malicious too, not stereotypically Canadian at all.
Does the textbook cover that barrel roll, too?
This is no fucking time for MLB.tv to crash.
Love a good bunt. Happ, you monster!
Rwogned
lol
That step by the second baseman is so damning, though.
Sick, thanks.
Not a good look for us.
Sounds reasonable. Listen to your body, it's easier than counting calories. Have some idea what 3000kcal looks like in a given day, keep lifting and don't stay hungry for long if you're bulking.
I like to think that you've been around to enjoy 90s punk but had never heard of Pantera. I realize that's not likely the case, but I get a kick out of it all the same.
Hooray?
We should just dial back his starts an inning at a time, then once it's down to one inning we start shifting them further back in the game, with a carousel of players from our bench filling the gap. Once Tulo is back, maybe Barney can pitch a few. Eventually we'll have Sanchez pitching the eighth, at which point we can switch his starts back to the rotation. Makes perfect sense to me.
You don't lose the money, it's already spent. You lose the hat and gain a memory.
They both explore doomed young romance.
But dragons weren't?
That's been on ever since Yara fucked the tits off that one Volantene whore.
Who are you quoting? I think that's pretty wordplay more than an effective rule of thumb. Rama was an improbable possibility and I love the concept. Kirk fucking every green woman in the galaxy is a probable impossibility that I don't buy. I wasn't being serious before, but I'm doubling down now. Why does she need a saddle?
I figure he survived because he was the first to kneel.
Literally untrue, but sure. If that kid is anything short of ecstatic at his involvement in the biggest episode they've ever shot, I don't care in the least. Good job Reekon, now make way for the Starks who can take care of themselves.
Yup. His charge when Rickon died, in his mind, was his best chance at dying and not being resurrected. Once he was given the choice, in a single moment, to live or die, he knew he had to keep fighting. Scary scene.
Taking advantage implies that there was something to be gained.
There's still the feast at the Twins to be seen, as featured in the preview. Not strictly Northern politics, but the likely venue for a "North Remembers" speech.
Who cares?
Your circular logic isn't convincing me. Why, in-universe for practical reasons, does she need a saddle, and why is that more of an issue than dragons?
Doran was never a main character.
I appreciate your spelling it out for the benefit of anyone reading who didn't understand, but with respect to Aristotle, I still don't think it applies. Your line of thinking has you bogged down in this idea that because we weren't shown a saddle, Dany's power is undermined by way of being unrealistic. It was never realistic and it never will be; it's improbable *and* impossible. She's a fireproof teenager who has telepathic control over a dragon and you invoke Aristotle to justify your disapproval that she doesn't use a saddle? If she could fly, would you be upset that we can't see her invisible airplane? It's fantasy.
Because he's useless.
I get it, I always got it, I just never agreed and won't. I respect your right to pore over the details, but this one simply doesn't matter.
Listen to this guy meatsplaining the issue.
&gt; OotS Nope, I even had to google it to make sure I hadn't accidentally made a reference.
He wanted to die.
What is it about that word that describes early Jon so well? Was it used in either version of the story?
Underappreciated viewpoint here.
That's fine, so long as Ramsay's head still gets crushed.
If they could know where the knuckler was going to cross the plate, maybe, but there's a reason that fastballs get hit so much, even at 95.
As interim leader of the CPC, she's ineligible to run for the position when the party holds a vote. *That's* why she's softened her stance on medical marijuana; she's not accountable to Harper or the base anymore. I'm still not a fan, but she's harmless now.
Hanson aren't a one hit wonder, dude; Where's The Love and This Time Around got spins for days back when. Also, Mmmbop is twenty years old, so naturally it's got more plays. And yes, I know YouTube hasn't been around that long. Don't fuck with Hanson, that's all I'm saying.
Flair up!
&gt; over 60 Jorah would play it straight, too, like he's flabbergasted that Lyanna sent basically *all* the troops.
I just heard of this crown idea for the first time a minute ago, and your idea makes it way more believable. I can see Rhaegar having that made, (or making it himself, he was a renaissance man after all,) marrying Lyanna and crowning her. How they can establish all that in some expositional dialogue, I look forward to seeing, but I suppose we could be surprised by a Rhaegar spotting in one of Bran's scenes. You know what would be cool? A shot of Bobby B and Rhaegar going at it on the Trident, with Rhaegar issuing taunts over having married Robert's true love. His death would retroactively foreshadow Robb's, just for kicks.
I remember laughing uncontrollably at that panel as a kid. Thanks for the reminder, ol' buddy!
King In The North, but I appreciate where you're coming from. So glad to see that her grief hasn't dulled her tongue.
While I agree with the consensus that it was poorly executed, Dorne is obviously present in the story for some reason, even if that reason is ultimately just to add some muscle to Dany's claim. Hoping they don't show back up again is shortsighted.
Jesus Christ, I never thought of it that way. That scene was the most genuinely horrifying to me.
He needs to be told, though.
Hodor, Benjen and Sandor all got their moments in episodes prior.
No one wants to credit the writers, who have had a small yet important role in the production.
