oh, an atonal degenerate noise fan who is also a satanist. what a living cliché...
that's a lot of bums. is it atonal?
ah, the marvels of tonal music :)
true, it's all noise - who cares? :)
early music to me is music played in dry turtle shells
did you know the acoustic guitar in portugal is called viola and in brazil violão? they are so not from the bowed strings family...
I was not there, so I don't know. But this account might help understand Horowitz view: &gt; Rosenthal's usually malicious wit was legendary. When he heard Vladimir Horowitz blaze through the octave passages of Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto at his Vienna debut, he remarked: "He is an Octavian, but not Caesar." from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moriz_Rosenthal it isn't enough to be a great artist, it's always accompanied by vanity...
it's a device for certain moments where sustain is needed. As a simplistic view, you could press it at the beginning of a compass and release it briefly just before the next - you end up playing your foot to the rhythm of the music. But that depends and it should sustain notes as long as it's part of the same phrasing or key. but when you're learning the piano, keep it clean without the muddy overtones from the sustain
beautiful. I'm still to explore more symphonic Tchaikovsky. I've used to play a piano reduction of this movement, very well-known.
I was about eleven when I found my dad's old vinyls and among them a few classicals from a collection, including Beethoven's fifth, Chopin's Nocturnes and Tchaikovsky's piano concerto. He's never been that much of a fan, more into folk and rock.
guess buccaneers already plundered it...
what would you expect from a bunch of whiny kids? Too bad most of us who are old enough and willing to actually discuss about games we love have mostly lost time to do so due to that damn real life...
his famous serenade. Originally a lied.
is it more obnoxious than "singers" talking in the same monotone rhythmic pattern? that said, I truly don't care for vocal music much, even the ones where the singer is used more like a musical instrument and less like a criminal thug.
Biber will get old too.
&gt; I have memories of coming home, going straight for the computer, and then listening haha, to think I was born before the internet and used to listen to music on stereos...
haha, read that as Music for 18 Magicians
FYI, that was the jump from AC IV to Unity
just so you guys know: I haven't played it at launch time because of all the fuss and crying. However, it was on promo some weeks ago and I bought it to play after finishing Uncharted 4. I have to say I'm very positively impressed. Both by how this is the best downgrade ever and by all the whinning GTA fans can generate when pissed by newcomers. seriously, WD is in some ways more impressive than even AC Unity. At the very least, it has a large urban city that feels alive with both traffic and people in the streets, while GTA V was pretty empty... and the grass! the hills are alive with grass and trees extending to the horizon. TW3 cries... now I see from where The Division took its engine and made it better... I think it was the DOF with bokeh that made the most cries about downgrade. Or the lack of it in the finished product. There's no use for it during gameplay. Some PC bozos came up with one in a mod to show off but these same pc bozos are the ones that hate the most "blurry" backgrounds LOL
how about Bach's other partitas? How about his violin concerto? I posted an Adagio from it a while ago. Then, there are his Brandenburg concerti grossi. what exactly do you seek? Baroque music? solo violin? in either, Vivaldi excells, as do Corelli.
is that you, bennevis? :)
aren't joy and melancholy a trademark of Chopin?
there's always a moment like that, no? I used to listen to classicals in old saturday morning cartoons, but never bothered enough. After Michael Jackson's Thriller phenomenon got me hooked to vinyls, I began searching for new music and a lot of this was truly old and marvelous music. :)
the Rossini one still sounds great, but 1812 is truly terrible... the best part of it was La Marseillaise and the worst the cannons.
fiction is better than reality. Amadeus is a great movie precisely for this. It's not a documentary on the life of Mozart, but a reflection on the worth of art, on mythmaking and on the dicotomy between art and mere craft.
only those who dare have a chance to disappoint. by far one of the most impressive games this generation. Like Driveclub, most glaring bugs on launch have been corrected.
perhaps not a great game, but good enough to me. I play AC partly for its historical simulation and from this standpoint, Unity is hard to beat. Too many fine "Paris stories" and really, just walking about those live, insanely crowded streets makes the whole experience mindblowing.
Sonata is the main form from the classical period. Some were written before and after it, but never got anywhere near the heights of Beethoven, aside perhaps from Liszt, Brahms and Chopin. All of Beethoven, obviously. Including the ones for piano and violin. I do have a crush on the Pathétique, Moonlight, Pastoral, Appassionata, Hammerklavier and Les Adieux, but all of them, really. here's something to illustrate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVcdTZH7qvM Schubert is wonderful too as a high-water mark for the genre, such as D960, D894 or the magnificent D958 and many others: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltvKcZ9U5QA Mozart and Haydn, their output is way too big and makes up for most of the classical sonata literature, so I'll give you some very brief pointers. Mozart's K545, K576, K330, K333 and K332: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPaLcBD79L4 Haydn's Hob. XVI:20, XVI:49, XVI:24, XVI:46 and XVI:52, sure: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-KcvorkP-E Muzio Clementi, the once father of piano technique who is nowadays sadly most known for a set of beginner sonatinas, also has plenty of good stuff. I do believe Beethoven draw inspiration mainly from his (and did count them as excellent ones) and late Haydn sonatas. Horowitz loved them and recorded some, such as this marvel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAlUpCzrcwE Then, there are the sons of Bach, specially Carl Philip. Keyboard classical sonatas in their infancy, but with their own charm, such as the Wurttemberg Sonatas, originally for harpsichord. While the others listed above are mostly from after 1780, these are from 1744, when father Bach was still alive and kicking fugues. They are in very stark contrast to his father's style and very distinguishingly early classical in tone. So beautiful, here's one of them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv1J9SFcSKg earlier ones? Probably from Cimarosa and Scarlatti, but I'm still to really dig them.
is it snob not wanting to eat junk as everyone else? Then yes, I'm snob and happy for it. canon in D or Strauss waltzes are mega popular because they don't demand much from the listener: it's basically melody and accompaniement like some pop. Classical music demands a minimum of education to really appreciate, you should at least be able to distinguish one voice from another in a fugue... you may refuse to educate yourself and call those who do as snobs, but then you're left with a bland wall of sound and will call it incomprehensible and beyond help... edit: junk fans already at work downvoting to force everyone else to eat junk too. sheesh :)
humans don't find agreement even within the same race and same blood
never heard
laughable but probably has more gameplay than TO :(
how niche can one go? classical music for chiptune fans LOL this sounds like very primitive NES. I prefer the beethoven pathetique that sounds like Journey to Silius NES :)
well, I suppose I could count this one as an adagio. ;)
I agree!
possible. Italians and French were the musical masters of the day in his time and he enjoyed a lot of them, including Vivaldi and Frescobaldi. Plus, it's an Italian Concerto. but anyway, he actually included the whole Marcello adagio in his BWV 1059 concerto: https://youtu.be/AktLqY429FA?t=48m10s it was common practice in the day to copy and paste. :)
actually, searching a bit more I find that BWV 1059 is a very incomplete work: http://www.allmusic.com/composition/concerto-for-harpsichord-oboe-strings-continuo-no-8-in-d-minor-incomplete-bwv-1059-mc0002380030 so it's well possible that the inclusion of Marcello's adagio is not his doing and instead the work of some people wanting to reconstruct a lost Bach work from stripes and patches...
a very bare bones canon. no, I wouldn't call Chopin junk either. There's far more even in the most straight and simple Chopin than mere melody and accompaniment, such as long fiorituras ("solos" in pop parlance), dramatic cadences and dynamic expression than in most pop. so it has nothing to do with homophony vs polyphony. I chose the fugue just as example.
https://youtu.be/e52IMaE-3As Schubert's Andante from Trio opus 100
sounds like a very reasonable composer :) I did like that animation and the score.
fly, little bird. fly away
what is it with many orchestras today playing stand up and almost dancing? is this to attract headbangers? I suggest dropping the suits, then...
not that much into jazz, but yeah, love his playing.
yes, a very bad idea. You'll be terribly slow because you have not developed any technique whatsoever. Every new note will look like something entirely new. most people want just that: begin by some popular "song" they really like, but most probably even the easiest of these will be far beyond your beginner reach. Playing piano is not such torture. You first must get yourself acquainted with the keyboard and developing a sense of your surroundings and evenness of tempo by playing scales with both hands - C major scale should suffice for real beginner. True beginner pieces focus on the area around middle C and then progressively turn to left hand on F clef and right hand on G clef. you could use this from notorious XIX century piano pedagogue Czerny as a guide: http://imslp.org/wiki/Practical_Exercises_for_Beginners,_Op.599_(Czerny,_Carl) be sure to play the very first pieces hands separate and then together when you got the rhythm right. Also note that in these very first exercises both right and left hands are playing in G clef in different areas: left hand beginning in middle C and right hand one octave above. This Czerny work quickly steeps up in difficulty by around the middle exercises. You could slow down a bit by trying also the excellent: http://imslp.org/wiki/Les_Cinq_Doigts,_Op.777_(Czerny,_Carl) Czerny is not stupid Hanon repetitive warm up: most pieces are short miniatures in early classical style. Czerny is usually only hated by advanced pianists required to learn his tough technical exercises, but the beginner stuff is pretty sweet. He was pupil of Beethoven and teacher of Liszt. cheers
that's the videogame approach. I think it might help as much as youtube videos up to some level. most people find it hard traditional notation. It is not. It is quite easier knowing which notes to play from notation than from watching a video of someone playing. "Oh, what was the key that he played again? *goes back to watch again*". In the staff they're pristine clear. The hard part is not *reading* the notes, it is playing them. YT videos may help reproducing the exact same movements some piano played did, but by merely mimicking it'll not become clear why they did so. That is the domain of technique and you can never learn that by watching, but by doing. You discover them yourself as you play didatic material...
Bach, Rameau, Couperin, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Schumann, Chopin and Brahms, essentially. Of course, you'll be required to also acquire the *transcedental* technique os Liszt and his followers, but I was talking about musical repertoire, not technique.
definitely better than antique atonal merde
he's about as lousy a pianist as Glass and about as repetitive the italians are always fond of pure melodic beauty, not ever crazier harmonic progressions
no racism. Just stating the very obvious fact that many people view piano playing as some kind of athletic competition with no regards to music whatsoever. This horrific bland noise we can blame on Cziffra, an european. and yes, it's also a fact that chinese athletes are among the best. The Olympic games are almost upon us and they shall prove that again
I'll have to agree that Glass is a more original musician than Einaudi. I'll have to disagree on pursueing beauty or aesthetical pleasure as something bad. It seems post-industrial society has created masses of gluttons for punishment and pain, but luckly I'm not of them.
how about other Mozart works, specially symphonies such as 25, 29, 38, 40? then there are also his many extraordinaire piano concertos, such as 8, 9, 21, etc
all great authors usually quote their other works in one way or another. Bach, Mozart, Beethoven have many examples
guess he's been drinking too much of the atonal kool-aid
yes, full of illiterate emo assholes
all is vanity
of perhaps the vanilla PS4 will look worse and have lower fps rate
too cold-hearted for such warm singing :)
I usually don't look at the keyboard, let alone my hands, aside from wide jumps.
no so fast, please. I love Gould's perfectly articulated phrasings, clear voicings and steady tempo that is just right
get outta my way, Big Bro where's Big Momma?
"hey, it's Mozart's day! lick my ass!" why can't the world just end?
so all unemployed composers should thank Ludwig for that? ;)
I'm more worried about the comparison of a true musical genius to a junkie that had a 3-chord band
all by Beethoven, Brahms and Schumann
try the piano part from his violin sonatas, such as Spring or Kreutzer. too much to love there too. and Für Elise may get all the love (and hatred), but Beethoven's other bagatelles are great too
when I first heard the works of Beethoven and Chopin I just knew I needed to learn to play them. Not quite there for most of them anyway, but it's love for the whole life...
woohoo, 1080p 60fps on consoles FTW sadly, only on PS4 Neo :´(
http://www.submediant.com/2016/04/06/5-babies-who-are-cuter-better-at-piano-than-you/
I liked the Marx Brothers playing the piano stride style :)
I prefer the idea of shrinking and sending them microastronauts into microcapsules accelerated almost to light speed by several million people back on Earth pointing their laser pens far into the same point far back in space
yeah, it makes you think people would just riot and stop the lame pre-order practice, but alas, no. People keep giving away money for products months or years away that may or may not see the light of day or be any good whatsoever... go figure
my body is ready
Koji Kondo of Mario games music fame used many styles, the classic tunes mainly drawing from ragtime and reggae.
haha, I remember that
small scheme is scheme, large r7rs is a replacement for common lisp ;)
I started listening and couldn't stand 2 whole minutes. tonal, right...
but that's scheme, so it's really bare bones ;)
&gt; how so many, educated and intelligent people are unable to spot a troll? most autists don't perceive sarcasm and other subtle forms of humor
ah, the good old days of unmoderated usenet... today you're silenced for expressing your opinions... BTW, first got here following the whole lisp-&gt;scheme debacle... I used to roam on /. too...
I hear no tonalism, just loose phrasings that sound slightly diatonic-like. Twelve tones contains the whole of diatonic scales, and among the many dissonant chords, even the typical tonal chords... but it serves nothing if the music does no statement whatsoever, and doesn't build tonal tension by logical modulation and just keeps repeating itself over and over...
very bright arguments, hands down. unfortunately, it was kinda over orchestrated as people here want to listen to these musical colossi through miniature resonance boxes...
seemingly, atonalists
aylmao
then he's just a truly lousy tonal composer. Way too much time listening to birds rather than Beethoven.
wow, two pop tunes in a row from a true music connoisseur, huh? go play your sketchy blues noodles
yes, I liked that a lot. Then again, I thought the whole engine was a revamped WD engine.
LOL
CantThinkOfMoreNeutralStatement
fuck this american idea of ivory towers or pedestals - this whole every man is equal thing. That fucked up mess of a human being didn't even compose the poor 3-chord rocks his band was known for, so don't tell me I'm on a pedestal because some internets dumbass is comparing that to one of the greatest musical genius ever.
hooray, Robert! here's his marvelous Symphony no. 4 in D minor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSY78CUVCtE
hey, it's Robert's Birthday and Modernists Hatred day too :D
yo mama
how about signing for a subscription and helping them or actually taking a few hours playing the last downloaded score?
there is still plenty of Bach code around
LOL. spot on
I got the same vibe, yes.
try this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSY78CUVCtE
what is even the point of trophies in such games? I like it that the fine folks behind The Vanishing of Ethan Carter have really spoiled it for freak platinum trophy hunters :)
you know, PS4 games
wow, a tonal modulation lmao
I can say the same about your comments. :)
&gt; I find Stockhausen very emotional in its own way, it seems both impulsive and yet terribly persistent... I also love Tchaikovsky's 6th symphony, and Mozart's piano concertos. no, you don't. there's no such thing as finding noise beautiful or "emotional" and then in the same sentence also displaying love for some of musical art highest highlights. I do have a small fondness for the rock hits I, as every teenager, was submitted to. I don't however lie to myself that they are on the same level of intelectual, technical and emotional scope as music from the ancients. There's nothing wrong having some guilty pleasure with mediocre stuff. Just don't overstate it... now, this discussion has gone too far. Messiaen's music and his original and logical methods don't annoy me quite as much as the dissonance for dissonance guys...
he was about 16 this 1 year after Beethoven's last works for piano
LOLOLOL very good
yeah, they don't have any fun with games. They're like employees of the month for the game at hand LOL
really? try this one: http://eblong.com/zarf/zweb/wallpaper/
wondering how many actually played both the tune and the game...
you hate Mozart and love Haydn? do you actually hear any difference or you just enjoy having a different opinion for the sake of being different? :D
I've played the game on SNES, great platformer. I've also played that wonderful (though quite repetitive) waltz from the castle stages...
&gt; Schumann has never once put into writing any form of human emotion! wtf, dude? are you just plain crazy? Schumann and Chopin are the very essence of Romanticism in music.
you're not alone. We're just overwhelmed and silenced by the vast majority of depressed atonal downvoting clones...
beautiful. Though the beginning simple figured bass will draw comparisons to Pachelbel's canon in D. Makes about as much sense as putting all boogie-woogie in the same bag, but hey... whoa, that singer goes kinda crazy in the last 2 minute... never heard that kind of vibrato...
I don't get them either. I very much prefer point'n'click puzzler adventures or text adventures.
LOL children and oldsters known it better. That's why modernist painting tried emulating kids' sketches and atonalists the expressive improvisations of 2 years old at the piano...
show off and is real lamey
they're all dead already, but I'd gladly blast away the atonal corpse of Schoenberg should it come to rise from the grave
so you associate them with hard studying classes, not leisure. I'm pretty sure I've heard more Mozart than you and never tire...
slowly at first, follow the rhythmic flow, look up where notes from both hands are vertically aligned. counting should help. it's really hard in the beginning, but it soon becomes second nature as you will more easily recognize the rhythmic patterns. I started learning when I was 16. it's easy with beginner pieces. Advanced stuff require real hand independence, because often you'll see rhythmic patterns such as 3 against 4 or syncopations and so on...
it sucks because the majority of the market involves lowlevel assemble line work using components bought from a few high grade providers, while back at university you thought you'd be doing some serious and obscure rocket Science no one else would think about
love Beethoven and love to hate Schoenberg and his minions
it's not a game, let alone a survival one there's no goal in that sandbox. it's an authoring tool for kids. The digital lego that lego games never were...
https://wiki.haskell.org/Haskell_Lisp check Liskell ;)
probably the best 4-hands piano ever
cool. I'll pray for your soul.
collecting things mentality has ruined videogames
enlighten us, dear noise connoisseur. show us your knowledge of the modulations a serial composition goes through and their function in heightening the listener's emotions towards the sublime. Then try to improvise some music upon one such series, please don't sound a note until all others...
simple chords, no real theme (just a mordent). very generic "new age" piano how about learning some Mozart at least?
new authors should get a grip and know that whatever you author, some guy from centuries ago may have done much better... but hey, at least he got praise from another clueless dude
yes, very practical. except that most screens are too small and still a far cry from having 2 pages open at once...
pretty much anything written by academic composers for the last 100 years or so
probably these Berg fans also let in other modernists techniques. I'm thinking Stockhausen or Boulez...
good for him
one of the most horrifics display of acrobatics was posted
same pros and cons as piano vs organ, two widespread keyboard instruments
really? I'd think otherwise. the cold ivories make my fingertips go numb... :p
we live in a heater down here in Brazil so we don't buy any such thing. except when unexpected cold hits... ah, this global warming...
fuck yea
not classical music AFAIK
guess no violinist can really grow without playing it as if played by a saw, huh?
the violin is a relic from the past. The best musical repertoire for it is of course from the past anyway. don't bother with the noise-makers of the crazy and sad XX century
it is a relic, like it or not. Why do you want to apply the label classical music to any shitty noise?
cool, little fan. I've got plenty of witty remarks plus some wetty too. :)
&gt; If you only hail one time period as great, and say everything else is garbage, then you're not a music lover. why not? this argument, not restrict to music, is a pretty widespread one these days and is plain wrong: that if you don't accept Y also being an X, then you're clearly not a real X fan. to hell with your fucked up Ys or hows
that will be one hell of a funeral concert...
was Liszt's hand really that big - almost 2 octaves? I heard that about Rach's. I wonder how they managed to play tiny chords :) a tense tenth is my limit...
bring on all the shitload of WTF you can throw at us, Kojima! the trailer starts promising
excellent presentation. Too bad not many games playable, so Witcher Jr. from Nintendo stole the show. but just having not yet another NMS's empty promises, wow, kudos for that!
they're crazy bastards with weird measures rather than metric ;) I take offense at the abc BS rather than do-re-mi...
he's a master of trickery :)
yea, nothing better for a nap I wonder if he ever wrote one piece depicting a woman in one of those days...
&gt; LightDetectionSystemGridCellBasedContainer::GetShapeObjectsAtCertainPosition(...) your contractor seems more sane than mine, whom would require something like this: LightDetectionSystemGridCellBasedContainer::GetLightDetectionSystemGridCellBasedContainerShapeObjectsAtCertainPosition(...) oh joy
sorry you missed Ascension
you never played TLOU? the only "zombie" survival game I really enjoyed, besides the very first few Resident Evil... and after that, play the Uncharted games
shadows are never quite exactly in the same place as the caster in scanline graphical solutions, be it a game or within autodesk Maya specially bad looking under wore caps
storywise, not the same epic feel, right? After all, it's a scaled down Kratos in a prequel to all the journey ever since. but graphics and gameplay-wise, it's a worthy step up from 3.
isn't he the founder of Pleyel pianos?
including this "comic". frankly, this generation of web comic makers feature the worst punchlines ever... it's called comics, guys, not depressing...
he too thought it was a terrible punchline
I'm looking up this game as a spin off of TLOU while TLOU2 gets ready for a late PS4 debut - like the original. I think the ND guys do deserve some vacations after the Uncharted 4 epic.
if you're a beginner, you shouldn't need them at all. Just focus on getting tempo, touch and notes right. Let advanced topics such as articulation or pedal to a few years ahead...
basic broken chord and alberti bass figure...
&gt; Pierre Boulez once said in a video interview that French composers don't know how to develop music like German composers, so they simply repeat the same thing. wow, that noise bearer does have a point, indeed. Wasn't it Debussy who said he'd take a break to smoke during the development section of some Beethoven work? instead of learning, missing...
I myself tweeted this joke of a game to many followers. gotta spread more laughs
TIL my tennis shoes make me victorious
and buried deep down
to be certain: it's really the only performance I've ever heard of it. pure bliss anyway, as dark and lyric as it sounds
I'll check later, thanks. But really, the Fisher-Diskau/Moore recording is a classic that I first listened to eons ago on the radio, then bought the CDs, and now it's on youtube...
MGS has long been a favorite of PlayStation platforms and has sold really well. But eventually tastes changed and people settled on dumbfuck yearly cannon fodder paintballers... too bad the industry needs visionaires such as Kojima, even if the audience is restricted for lack of better taste or education...
those were the days. There was no such farming for better stats to help you progress through. Either you did it on your dextery alone or you didn't.
they decided to give a chance to the hooded boy from Nintendo...
Try this beautiful one by Bear McCreary: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSYPYq9D_No circa 2005.
by all means: snap out of it before you're tempted into turning into yet another zombified academic noise composer no one cares about just so you can pursue your dream career. gone are the days when being unable to be a great performer could yield excellent composers, such as Beethoven or Schumann
I too thought it'd be SP. inFamous has always had that Spidey vibe to it, not just in the arachnidian poses of the protagonist, but even the title would be well suited to the hero. It always looked like "the franchise they couldn't get a spidey license to it"... but I'm in awe for Insonmiac's current works, so I have high hopes...
funny thing is that one such asteroid was imagined by Jules Verne in his From the Earth to the Moon :) alongside with Florida, the arms industry fueling the space race and all. he's seen farther than most... :)
I never became stuck farming like crazy in the same place over and over in either Zelda or Secret of Mana, both action RPGs too. it's really a lousy fault in current games, specially BDSM ones such as this...
noise fans hate Schumann, understandably
yeah, Minecraft for PS4 and Android. as traditional ever since DOS, not invented here...
after all, it's just a Megaman rehash without Megaman. plus, it's hatoful 3D rather than sweet 2D
GoW2. Just epic, perfect balance, wonderful music and dude, there was nothing as impressive as that on PS2 before or after. Possibly the machine's swann song. GoW3 is GoW3's extended finale. I enjoyed Ascension for the upgraded combat system and graphics, but it's truly the weakest of all.
gotta say I really hate the pseudo-retro games with huge blocky pixels and difficulty of a casual wii game for toddlers. If yours is not like that, I might give it a spin. Best indies I've played are things like Limbo, Dust, Machinarium, The Swapper and lots of text adventures from ifarchive.
remove it and send it to me.
poor bastard
make music, not noise ;)
it does? most upvoted threads are garbage music from the XX century. lots of noise fans here :)
bad taste? (I mean on the part of the OP)
&gt; Wyschnegradsky I fear he'll remain unknown...
look up Chopin, Mozart and Schumann
just like GTA V? face it, hugely popular multiplayer games won't ever get price drops...
shitty games usually die
how about Bartholdy?
you're one of them freedom fighters who put the ancien regime and their highly structured music and social order to death. To hell with forms and rhymes and harmony and good taste, let's embrace our pyromaniac chaotic new atonal overlords... In other words, you're a dionysian. I'm apollonian and do enjoy forms and balance and all the aesthetic choices the age of reason were after. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollonian_and_Dionysian
poor bastard
racket is a language for writing languages, including scheme. it's also a pretty damn good dev environment, full batteries included and a pretty fast JIT compiler.
they do and are truly alien and thus madly upvoted your obviously obvious comment
guessing the original South Park anal probe episode is inspired by "analyzing data from a probe"
I'm a self-assumed elitist smug classical music bastard. Still, despite the fact that we indeed live in an era of widespread idiocy and the bad pop playing, the out-of-tune piano, the seemingly sustain pedal throughout, I did find the variations on the well-known piece quite refreshing. Better than plain Für Elise for the ompth time, right? why so serious?
it's worrying, but there's no denying less and less people will pursue (historic) art as a career. Think how many watch makers there are today...
I agree. By the first 3 minutes of such pompous, self-important lots of nothing, I was ready to hang myself... sadly for you, I just turned it off. ;)
BTW, is that violinist a man?
thank you, Bach. first real music I listened today...
