Stay away form the wall Dany! Don't walk toward the light!
Or just use a better jig: https://youtu.be/daOZIKsHBAQ?t=56
because religion
Prank gone horribly wrong(56k no)
Hey I live in WA too but western. I drove 6 hours to record that and it was totally worth it.
I agree but there are some people who really know the truth but just refuse to accept it since it's not what they want to be true. Most modern christians are this way since very few follow the bible to the point that a person who believes it to be the word of a god would. Aaron Ra has a great quote something like this: "The problem is not what people don't know it's what they WON'T know."
Mr. Bean goes to the movies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aIfMX7FBbI
Don't mess with Dogmeat. He'll bite your legs off. http://i.imgur.com/4BSk0pL.png
Everything really. I don't want a person with the ability to order a world war thinking there is an afterlife.
I do. It's a small sign of progress in this country. Baby steps.
TIL a subnet is also an actual net that catches subs.
If you think about it we have seen forms of necromancy on both sides. http://i.imgur.com/kMlIPqF.jpg
Corn! Corn! Corn!
Designer: Doh! I knew we were forgetting something.
He just tripled that 2 hours later. Nice to see something good came out of this.
http://www.saleemacademy.com/ Just following in the footsteps of his prophet: "The majority of traditional hadith sources state that Aisha was married to Muhammad at the age of six or seven, but she stayed in her parents' home until the age of nine, or ten according to Ibn Hisham,[11] when the marriage was consummated with Muhammad, then 53, in Medina."
I have that model they are pretty rock solid. There is a camera that points down just to help it maintain position. You can literally grab it by the landing gear, pull on it, let it go, and it will return to it's position like nothing happened. (unless of course you hit a prop)
Who's supposed to be rowing? I don't know not me!.. Me either!.. I rowed last time!
Goth Washington does not row.
Insurance for remote controlled aircraft must be a terrible business even with a $150 deductible it seems like they would lose money. In the US you can get AMA insurance with membership but it only covers damages to others not your craft.
Anyone know where to find high rez versions of this?
What is dead may never die
Ill stick with "Never even think about entering a conservative islamic country for any reason."
you are my daughter.. and because of that I will keep you close in case we run into trouble and need a human sacrifice.
Corn!
That's what gets me about it. He doesn't even know what help if any they will get from this sacrifice.
Sorry man no wheelchair access to the Red Keep.
Row, row, row his boat
[PTSD triggered](http://i.imgur.com/lBfr4pq.jpg)
Wow living evidence of a transitional species. How is evolution still not accepted by some people?
3rd gen is best gen. Nice one!
Only $59 on sale. What a bargain!
Was almost the Freddy Kruger effect
Wild Wasteland perk probably
I don't know let me google it.
It's been recreated scientifically and proven to be possible. You just do not accept that because it goes against the conspiracy. http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/design/a3524/4278874/
It's because you are wrong about it sustaining no damage. http://www.debunking911.com/pull.htm
seeee... SEEEEEE!!!!
Well if he was going for the 'burn victim' effect it's quite good.
..and working on the sabbath, allowing women to speak in church, murdering children for insulting elders, forcing women to marry their rapists as long as he pays the father, etc.. A christian saying this is like enabling god mode for an atheist in a debate. So much crazy to choose from.
George Lucas at one point thought the holiday special was a good idea.
I redid it from the patent images without the watermark. http://i.imgur.com/9NxDE9J.jpg
Cmon you bastards forget Snow vote for Egg!
I think Varys sent the necklace and maybe we will get the epilogue scene from a dance with dragons as the final scene. "You were threatening to undo all of the queens good work"
After all he is known for his honesty with Dany..
What is with Americans... Here in the UK /circlejerk on
I come here to see what the latest evidence for theism is. If someone finally appears with any I will gladly switch my beliefs. I honestly wish there was something after death but my brain will not accept it without evidence. And no the christian bible is not evidence proving itself to be true.
Literally!
&gt; Mance wasn't being burned for a magical spell to help the army Why the hell not both? Everything it set up perfect Mel is even there to light em up. The only logic I can come up with is they were over confident at that point that they were going to crush the Boltons and didn't think it was needed. Shoulda paid heed to the Starks repeated warning... Winter came
AJ Rimmer would be proud.
True I guess it is really up to the red god as to what sacrifice is worthy of giving help regardless of blood. He made the rules he is free to break or change them. And who knows if Mel even knows the rules correctly or is just assuming from past experience.
But since they were burning him anyway why not ask for the 'favor' and save risking his daughter? The red god doesn't seem to care too much who it is as long as they have kings blood. Why waste him?
I see your point I but I think Mel was still considering it a sacrifice to her god. They all should have why not?
Just finishing ADwD is what got me thinking about it. [ADwD](#s "They definitely thought he has kings blood in the book but with Sam and Gilly still at the wall who knows what happened to that plot.")
Not to the person getting burned and to the red god(maybe). But yeah I see your point and that is Stannis's logic probably. The wildlings would not want to help if they just killed Mance as a sacrifice they needed a real reason.
I just realized Aemon also had kings blood they could have sacrificed him too since he was already dying instead of Shireen. So much wasted kings blood. I wonder if the red god will let them 'bank' favors or they have to be used immediately.
I don't think its been stated on the show but [ADwD](#b "Mel definitely thought he had it in the books")
I know right. The rest of the planet has never cared about race. Oh those wacky 'muricans what will they do next.
Mad props for your design
Drogo
Hotpie takes the Iron Throne!
Rez plz http://i.imgur.com/8lWiKM9.jpg
Sansa and Reek Winterfell
Wow so in a way Stannis and his army WILL take Winterfell just like Mel saw.
Winter is coming.
And Jon Snow got killed by the elevator attendant.
Miranda Winterfell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellraiser_(franchise) 1987
Right there with ya. I found the best solution is distraction and a hedonistic lifestyle. I want to enjoy as many of the good things possible during this short time. Nothing helps me resolve facing oblivion in my mind other than trying to accept the fact it will be the same as before I was born or like never waking from a dreamless sleep
Why not both? Stannis and Jon leading the army of the dead? I would watch that.
Hit her next with the fact females are forbidden from speaking in church. it's in the NT too. 1 Corinthians 14:34 Women should remain silent in the churches. They are not allowed to speak, but must be in submission, as the law says.
Grappling launch to wingsuit flight. Why? Just cause I can.
I feel an increase in my bill coming.
And we think Stannis had a rough story arc. Jesus went from being the creator of everything to barely being able to effect bread.
I think most of the time in Westeros noble parents don't consult with the kids and just tell them who they are to marry usually right before the marriage is supposed to take place. Doran most likely wouldn't care what Trystane thinks about the plan.
thanks for the reply. Yeah I thought it was a bit slow too but I couldn't speed the shots up without making the falls look weird. Shorter clips may be the ticket along with closer higher risk shots.
True, true.. I just was trying to refrain from using the word 'drone'
Reminds me of the first time I got laid and her parents walked in on us.
Thanks for the replies everyone we are currently waiting for the call. It should be sometime today and I am staying with her so she won't be alone either way. Hopefully good news is coming.
Well we got the call back and it's bad with some good. She does have cancer and it's the apparently less common Invasive Lobular Carcinoma. Unknown at this time if the lymph nodes are involved. The good part (i think) is its smaller than we thought at 13mm but they rated it as grade 3 which is also bad. At least we know what we are dealing with now I guess.
Why not? The doctor seemed to think so. I mean it's not as good as responding to all 3 but better than a triple negative right?
No surgery yet she just had the ultrasound and biopsy last Wednesday with the results Monday and is going for a MRI on the 29th. I am hoping the MRI will show it's contained if that is even possible.
There was another one too they did on a car but I am not googling Jeremy Clarkson penis to find it. Edit: ok I did it anyway http://i.imgur.com/8fDvI7M.jpg Pensiton Company and Larsen Bisquits sponsors
Yay Rex! Awesome job! Except now you will be bugged to death to do every single minor character from every Fallout game in existence.
Arrived for the FEAST
They bring it up because it's a seriously cruel practice despite what race does it. The exact opposite of this one.
Now he can post again in tifu about this post. Double the karma!
Of all the forum reading I had done in previous seasons I was shocked I had not run across it by accident. I did get the show spoiled though by finishing the books just before ep 9.
This is how I picture Bran all this season http://i.imgur.com/As2x6cq.jpg Hopefully DnD didn't put him on the row boat.
Also how did he teleport to the woods from a open area surrounded by the enemy army slaughtering his forces?
I saw an interview where he answered this: He would like to be Tyrion but in reality he would be Samwell probably.
Sand snakes only second to Olly in hate. That should tell them something
My side! Your side! My side! Your side!
really cool!
The US flag is not unique in that respect. Oh and this: http://i.imgur.com/xMeCt39.gif
Personally, I hate nothing more than when they do an acoustic version of a heavy song I wanted to hear live at full force.
This may be the only question in this thread I have not seen him asked about already.
Everyone lives till the end of their story
It could work pretty well actually http://i.imgur.com/3xdvooU.jpg
I wish this would happen to the 'food babe'
Thanks for the reply and good luck with your situation. She is going to a MRI tomorrow so hopefully we will know more.
Get an apartment with 2 single girls and a conservative landlord. Make friends with the womanizer who also has an apartment there. Then wait for the wacky misunderstandings to happen every day.
We can rebuild him. We have the technology. Better, stronger, faster.
I see your secret ISIS message at the bottom. You are not fooling anyone!
Well they are pretty much just normal goggles with a logo change and higher price tag.
Original post https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3z7wxe/_/cyjzkkg
aaaand it's gone
&gt; The rest of Reddit is all procedurally generated nonsense. That does explain quite a bit.
We wouldn't have evolved to the point where we could ask that question without it. Society without morality falls apart quickly. Also natural selection favors it in humans.
Out of the frying pan, into the fire?
&gt; even for a fat fuck like you. Taking the high road I see
She's going to learn something that's for sure: http://i.imgur.com/Pg7WtBy.png
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cLq7q8209E
It's hard to remember the rules when you are in the "I fucked up and am going to die driving off a cliff" panic mode.
Beaten by an hour but oh well .. http://i.imgur.com/YUjg2Gi.jpg 1920x1080
What a guy!
http://i.imgur.com/X4q2qLw.jpg
Amazing that this is still up after all these years http://www.tunnelsnakes.com/
Seriously, we have everything in Washington. Ocean to the west, mountains in the middle, desert in the east, and nuclear waste in the south. What more could you want?
Fallout 4: The digital hoarder edition
Chinese drone maker unveils solution to over population problems.
no action = cuffing the blacks
[but men never suffer from domestic violence!](https://hequal.wordpress.com/2016/01/07/bairds-police-website-doesnt-provide-a-single-support-resource-for-male-victims-of-domestic-abuse-shes-twitter-blocking-such-organisations-instead/)
Don't worry, someone from the UK will be here to remind us how backwards we are soon.
...and people wonder why you should be against GMO labeling.
Finally! http://i.imgur.com/5E0DC3n.jpg
It reminds people who are not in ISIS just how insane the people in ISIS are at least. Definitely not worth the price of this woman's (or anyone's) life.
Right. You got the quad, it's time to move on.
Instead let's blame America for a Canadian(Somali?) gang in Canada shooting up a club.
&gt; godlike person who can fix everything That was supposed to have been Obama
[citation needed]
To these guys if you're not with them you are the enemy. No neutrals allowed.
I was sure from the title this was going to be one of those.
thanks this is my new goal in the game
http://i.imgur.com/GnHuK5E.jpg
I have noticed this too but it seems more like a black thing rather than a female one. I don't think I have seen any other race doing it on video or in person.
Gunpowder, gelatine Dynamite with a laser beam Guaranteed to blow your mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYv7qSDIRRY
Johnson identified and in hand. Send backup
but he has a raging clue at least
It's simple. If you're a sheep herder and a snake is killing your sheep, you just need to have the snake get sued for sexual misconduct…
Gold for all?
&gt; I don't think I'm going to make it through the week Apparently you're not the only one.
[Cloud city Leia FTW](http://i.imgur.com/lyU3NmV.jpg)
is F for facebook?
He didn't believe in it hard enough for it to work. Don't make the same mistake!
We probably wouldn't eat and breathe through the same hole for one.
Never take the headset off away from the access point!
Not really, people just group them that way to add superstition or religion to the reality of death. There really are no patterns. People just die and some of them happen to be celebrities around the same age.
Yay, a joke for us old farts. Suck it millennials!
They tuk er jerbs!
This says everything you need to know about how messed up this religion is.
There are ways to get it back
assume the position!
And there are people who still claim video games are not art. Thanks for the review I will have to check this one out.
Respect her leadership choices!
This is me too. I love the weird looks I get at the grocery store when I buy 4 12 packs of soda and several bags of groceries yet manage to fit them on my bike somehow for the ride home.
No Altered Beast?
r/talkingwithsubreddits
awwnexpected
Soon to have not only a name but a 50 book backstory series ending with the reveal he is related to one of the main characters somehow.
Only Americans care about folding? Xenophobic much?
But was it doing what it loved to do?
Thank god.. wait
They can't find one because the christian 'belief system' would get a doctor thrown in jail if they tried to apply it to their practice.
Every single American cop is a horrible corrupt person. (and most Americans in general)
What if he had slipped and ran straight into the cop?
Look up Blind Faith's first album. No way that would fly today.
We need closure!
There seems to be a lot of these videos around do flaming shots ever end well? What the hell do they expect will happen?
/r/tiresbeingbros
Bullshit, the sarcastic jokes are everywhere when that happens. Search google for "catholic priest" and the very first news article talks about molestation. Muslims do give many more opportunities though so you will see it more often.
Yeah Europe has never had a stupid or dangerous trend. What will these crazy Americans think up next?
A bunch of Malarkey I say
WTF does "I am working with kids in their 40's and SO's." even mean?
At least the Leet Dog tat came out ok
Ooo knife pic means it's time to cash in her relatives tragedy for some likes!
The practice continues today I was on one of the Disney cruise ships a couple of years ago and it had 2 smoke stacks but only one of them was used. The other was a video game room.
From the court documents. SJW's need to pay attention: "To subscribe to Twitter and keep your account open is to waive your right to privacy in your tweets. Arranging a meeting or social event using tweets other than direct messages is like inviting strangers into your home or onto your phone line while you talk to your friends. Blocking only goes so far, as long as you choose to remain open."
Supervisors on vacation this week.
And people think gas has a bad taste when you get a mouthful trying to steal it.
I hate it when people fail to use their horse blinkers.
It's great when she loses at the end to it.
Isn't that always the case no matter what happens?
I agree 90's cars are the best of everything. You get reliability over 200k most of the time and they are still simple enough to work on yourself. If it breaks too bad junk it and buy another. The newest vehicle I own is a 2000 and it has the most problems out of them all.
arroyooo
Plenty here in WA
Nugs make everything better. Fact!
I will not be aggravated!!!
Women pirate all their games obviously.
Actually ALL objects have gravity. Put 2 dice near each other in space with nothing around them and they will eventually be drawn together.
They probably wanted it dead. And called the right place.
No extra 'u' so probably not.
Is saying 'bless you' really an American thing?
Once your media is allowed to report them you mean.. I think you guys are way past the first victim at this point.
&gt; Canada has laws that protect you Unless you disagree with the wrong people on twitter.
Obi Juan won Juan
http://i.imgur.com/gZQHPAq.jpg
Should be, not are. WTF Europe?
But what charge will she have on her permanent record for defending herself?
