Engineers also accounts for people running in vehicles a lot, so you might see similar numbers for medics and engineers.
I've heard the new keyboards have an excellent keybed, although they're a bit feature-lacking for keyboards that expensive. That being said, if you want Komplete, and you want a keyboard, you might as well buy them.
ah, whoops.
Think of it this way- future you, under the genjutsu, wouldn't feel sad that they don't have any pain. Sure, you wouldn't be happy during the process of being forced into the genjutsu, but in the long term you'd be much happier. Given that Madara knows this, and given that you're still the same person under the genjutsu (whether by the pattern or continuity theory of conciousness, or because you're in the narutoverse and absolutely guaranteed to have a soul) it would be the most ethical (at least from a utalitarian persective) thing for Madara to do, regardless of what you currently want. Plus, a sufficiently good simulation is indistinguishable from reality, and we don't get any indication that the people under the IT realize they're dreaming. Any lotus eating machine worth its salt would make sure to include just enough problems in the dream to make you feel like you're still struggling and doing something meaningful, but not so many that your overall enjoyment is decreased. And the IT is certainly worth its salt, as countless ninja, experienced at spotting through illusions, don't realize something is wrong. Scary thought for the day: what if the IT succeeded, but in their dreams people saw themselves beating it, because that's what made them happiest?
\&gt;intertwined \&gt;battle for all eternity Dunno, man. Sounds kind of hot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
More Uchiha dickery, but that happens every chapter so it doesn't really need to be said.
...And promptly move onto the second biggest problem: the big crunch. Oh well, you win some, you lose dome :P
No, the 1.71 figure is the square root of 3 divided by two, like how 2 is the square root of 4 divided by two. Screens are in two dimensions, which is why this happens
/r/niceguys edit: this is, in fact, a troll. A good one, but a troll nonetheless.
I'd say the majority of the planet, easily, believes he existed. His divinity is in question, but muslims, christians, jews, hindu, even many atheists believed he existed. That definitely accounts for, at least (by my estimate) 2.5 billion, and likely more.
This is where it's at, man. Memorizing key signatures was way too much of a pain in comparison.
Eh, it's a bit hard to say. If they're positively massive, maybe, but it's rather difficult to kill someone with your bare hands. I'm also a fairly tall dude, so I don't get intimidated by tall people (even when they're taller than me.)
still neckbeardly, but not nearly as much as believing it's his waifu.
Not like a prank, but like one of those series of pictures where people take an object on a trip with them then take pictures of them with that object. The joke would be that he brought something as ridiculous as a cardboard cutout of a waifu. (That is, assuming he doesn't actually think it's his waifu. HE very well might-- I just don't know without being provided more context than a reddit title.)
Itachi-senpai-kun would like to disagree with you.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Except for create outfit to thirty, that can stay. I get the impression that people who join the game then make an outfit just for their friends don't stay long anyways.
I actually run both pretty well on my new computer, and passably on my old computer (i5 4430, intel HD graphics), but forgelight has had serious issues scaling up to large fights and with server performance. The multi threading update has significantly improved performance, though.
I know the problems this system has, but I feel that the potential for new player retention could rise significantly if implemented correctly. For the first group, if they make their own outfit it's just the blind leading the blind, and they leave, overwhelmed. For the second group, unlocks like this have been going on for ages on much more popular games (read: COD), so I don't think it'll negatively impact recruitment of new players. For the third group, it's all bad, yeah. That being said, if you're in an outfit and making alts, you're already pretty likely to stay with the game, the ultimate purpose of the update.
&gt;As it is still wishlist, a lot could change including full takebacks. Yeah, as I see it, that's my primary concern. I like the general idea, but I think items need to be shuffled around so players are immediately funneled into being useful to their team (medic, engi, MAX standard, for example) with more niche things coming in later (like infiltrator) but everything unlocking by BR 15. Except for outfit creation, that can stay at BR 30.
Yeah, it might be a good idea if they were to make it account-wide.
Ahh, makes sense.
&gt;Asari_Lover You don't get a say, you filthy alien loving heretic. I bet you keep illicit vanu pornography in your bunk, too! Report to your nearest commissar, for immediate application of BLAM.
&gt;I would have never continued playing this game if Infiltrator didn't exist. Mained it from BR1 to BR100. That hardly contradicts what I said. It's a niche interest- sure, some people might be infiltrator fanatics, but the vast majority won't be. I'm a dedicated airsperg, and I still put ESF to BR 15. And it's really not arbitrary- in the thread I made for this, support classes and vehicles are given first, then infantry in increasing order of difficulty, then vehicles in increasing order of difficulty. &gt;Do you think that new players will have a lot of fun by holding a repair/healing gun up to players and holding LMB? Do you think that will excite them enough that they'll want to stay? Do you think they'll have fun constantly dying and never feeling like they're doing something useful? Anyways, the support classes give the highest XP for new players, and the medic in particular has a decent combat ability. They'll be able to unlock the other classes faster with the support clases than if they were given the other classes and had to kill themselves up to the support classes. &gt;The "New Player Experience" should be based around making the game fun for new players, not for turning new players into the support slaves for the game's BR100s. The new player experience should be based around making sure new player stick with the game. Fun is secondary, because they can always have fun after the new player experience finishes.
&gt;Collosal direct damage to kill vehicles false. These were nerfed to the point where a full volley into a tank's back armor will only put it to burning. Harassers and flashes will just dodge them, and sundies take way too much ammo to be even close to being worth it. I mainly use them to fight liberators and galaxies, actually, where they actually make a difference. &gt;(really, how they fit?!) if I recall correctly, the P-39 Aircobra (a WW2 plane) fit 6 M8 rockets (114 mm). That doesn't sound like a lot, until you realize a single one would obliterate a heavy tank. Really, if this game was anywhere near realistic all vehicle weapons would be reverted to launch state. &gt;Hornets are even worse - enormous range, laser guidance Range is capped at (IIRC) 300m. They disappear afterwards. And against infantry, render range usually works out to less than 300m anyways. &gt;great splash to farm infantry not really, I find myself killing 1-2 infantry in a single well-aimed volley, which isn't that much considering that infantry tend to run into buildings and avoid my wrath. And that's despite having considerable experience with them- I have roughly 500 kills (Although a great deal of those are on aircraft/ground vehicles.) &gt;to 1-2 volleys, because it is still enough to kill a vehicle patently false, unless your vehicle is a flash, harasser, ESF or valkyrie (and I'm not so sure about harasser). This is assuming 100% accuracy by the way. Considering that vehicles and infantry are more than capable of dodging, A2G missiles are in no way needing a nerf. &gt;well, A2A missiles can't now I find A2A tomcats extremely effective, to the point where I'm a credible threat to AA nosegun/ AB tank ESF's (pure air) using banshee/a2am (mixed air and ground.) And that's despite being, all told, not that great a dogfighter. My only auraxium is the aforementioned banshee. Coyotes finally have a counter, but that only applies to a very small segment of pilots anyways (max stealth.) &gt;nanorepair it used to be overpowered, but it can no longer be used in fights. And really, unless I'm playing bail assault I'd rather use stealth. &gt;This will make aircrafts not farming combiners, but actual tactical tools, which should be used only when neccessary - to destroy AMS or protect it from sniping tank. And when tactical task is completed aircraft will have to return for resupply. Not farm constantly. This will do nothing of the sort, because ESF's already incapable of destroying sunderers (sunderer garages protected from aircraft), and except in small fights are unable to kill tanks. Nerfing aircraft won't somehow make them "more tactical." A rebalance, where some stats are buffed and some nerfed might, but you're just sh*tting on ESF's across the board. &gt;P.S. tl;dr you play exclusively infantryside and don't want anything that lets vehicles actually affect the meta of capturing bases.
Since it clearly bypasses the timer placing cooldown, a game mechanic specifically included for balance.
Because tomcat users are a plague? I mean. I used tomcats because I had bought them long ago in my new pilot days, and if I was using banshee I was already being incredibly scummy, so tomcats wouldn't make a difference. I knew full well how unfun they are to fight.
Bwuh?
What does its TTK against ESF's look like?
Scythe PPA/AH will definitely get nerfed. Not because they're OP, but because Banshee is UP, and infantry players will never agree to a change that buffs it.
That's what I thought about the banshee. It was literally unchanged since launch. What I think will happen is that the AH will be nerfed first, for its power against aircraft, and then, with the PPA being clearly better than both at infantry killing, it'll get cut down to size.
Several PC games have been neutered because they were ported to a console. I personally watched the massive bugs and delays caused by optimizing planetside 2 to the ps4. PC players have good reasons for not wanting games ported too consoles.
Consoles nost definitely caused inssues in planetside, especially when theymerged the codebases.
No, because the OC version is inevitably given more horsepower to run it, so it doesn't need to hold the console version back. Imagine if they tried to also make every console game a mobile game.
Like you're any better for using Ad hominems without hearing the whole story.
Just fyi, the real reason they were banned was because a female player of planetside, after posting a picture of her planetside-centric skirt, was mocked for having big hands, and driven out of the subreddit. The person who posted that meme participated, and definitely deserved the ban. The 500 word essay thing is ridiculous, but I wouldn't have wanted him/her on the subreddit anyways.
You think that excuses being a douchebag? He was harassing a member of the community, and regardless of how effective he was, I wouldn't want him posting in /r/planetside
I ship sarada x bluehair dude. Not for any good reason, just because.
Ninja are dicks in general. If pardoning oruchimaru gets hum working for the greater good, they wont think twice.
Danzo was a dick, so killing him pretty much immediately redeems sasuke.
I thunk ninja in general have a much higher threshold for considering someone a monster, considering all the sh*tty stuff they do. Oruchimaru still qualifies, but since he's the leader of his own country, they'd be more likely to forgive his crimes if it kept the peace.
If literally the only thing you do is capture points, you're still more valuable than every other unit in the game, because the entire point of the game is to capture bases.
Wait a second. Zabuza is around kakashi's age, and grew up with yagura. How, then, could yagura get isobu after rin?
Desert Storm. It's easy to win when you can dispense freedom via tomahawk missille
IIRC, the chidori pushes you forward even faster, due to it's chakra nature. Fun fact- the rasenshruiken moves around mach 10, as some people calculated during the pein fight.
If he wanted to get noticed for teamkilling, he probably shouldn't have chosen nc
Odds to evens they use planetside 2's model and only bother rendering so many of the players in a system. For example, in a 50 person instance, you'll only be getting information on the nearest 30 or so.
Spawnroom warriors don't really affect me when I play infantry, but as a pilot I get nailed by a whole lot of flakmaxes/G2A heavies from spawnrooms, even if I'm playing AA/AV and minding my own business.
My problem isn't getting some ancillary damage- that's inevitable. My problem is that, as an aircraft, I have no way to make them stop besides getting completely out of the hex. As an infantryman, I could at least try to cap the base, forcing them out.
Yeah, I don't tank a whole lot, but don't exactly enjoy being near spawnrooms when this happens.
Yeah, I understand the problem, but the way it ends up being is that either there are enough people trying to destroy me to fend me off, or there aren't. Spawnroom heroes lower my enjoyment of the game (which may, admittedly, make them a better deterrent) but they're not significantly more likely to make me leave than the same number of players doing the same thing outside the spawnroom. Additionally, whenever I see a fight with more than one ESF successfully camping spawn, it's generally a fight where the side with the ESFs heavily outpop the defenders, so they could spawncamp the defenders regardless. I'm not going to say that vehicles (ESFs included) camping spawnrooms isn't a problem, but letting people fight from the spawnroom isn't really a workable solution.
In effect, it actually sounds pretty similar.
As I see it, for aircraft, the problem isn't so much any particular part of them, like dps as you said, but rather how frustrating they are to fight. As a pilot, I know exactly how hard it is to upkeep an ESF and actually make it useful. As an infantryman, or a tanker, however, you're only going to notice those times when your team doesn't have any defenses up and you get ruthlessly bombed. The solution I'd propose is, like you said, decreasing the DPS, but then significantly increasing the loiter time of an ESF. One hit kills would stay the same, but stuff like flak/G2A missiles would take longer to kill an ESF (and longer proportionally to kill an ESF.) The idea would be to make it harder for a single unit to deal with an ESF (and lets face it- a single unit only deters ESF's right now anyways) but make it easier to have multiple targets fighting ESF's, because the ESF's will loiter over an area for longer, allowing more people to notice and shoot it. Plus, OHKO weapons will be more useful against ESF's, and those tend to be both satisfying to use, and don't cause rage with ESF pilots because they're typically rather difficult to use. Plus, ground units get more time to hide agaist G2A ESF's bombing them, while A2A ESF's care less about ground interference. For tanks, I think the following things need to be implemented: Coaxial MG for lightnings. All lightning armament is changed to deal more damage to MBT's, and less to other vehicles/infantry (making them dedicated tank hunters, ESF's of the ground, if you will) MBT's gain significantly more armour against infantry, and deal significantly more damage to sunderers. In general, make MBT's better tanks, and lightnings better tank destroyers (focusing their AI power onto their coaxial machine guns)
I mean, I'd be fine seeing hornets/rocket pods more firmly segregated into their roles, although I can't speak for any other pilots. For example, I've long been a proponent of dropping 100 splash damage per hornet rocket (so they deal only 900 total in a volley) for extra speed, and I'd give up all the splash for extra speed and damage against armor (especially sunderers, ESF's can do virtually nothing against them.). And at this point, rocketpods are already pretty bad at killing heavy armor, so I'd be fine with seeing them changed to a resistance type completely ineffective against heavy armor, mostly innefective against light armor, but with a greater inner blast damage and more damage against heavy air (because trying to take down a liberator or galaxy with just a nosegun is nearly impossible.) As far as noseguns, I don't really think they need to be changed. I mean, I wouldn't really care if they were, but I basically only use them for killstealing. Unless I'm in a massive ESF zerg (incredibly rare) I basically never kill any ground vehicles by myself with them. The exception would be the banshee, but that's less because it's good against vehicles and more because it got so frustrating to use against infantry I was willing to risk my plane nosing up close to the backsides of tanks.
Please don't make this an empire-bashing thing. The PPA is still in a similar position.
Actually, the banshee still oneclips maxes. You need near 100% accuracy to do so, thoughm
The banshee isn't just UP compared to the other ESAI weapons, it's UP compared to the rotary. It has so little splash, it basically requires direct hits.
666 satan (AKA o-parts hunter, written by the less famous kishimoto brother) is really great, just fyi.
Then they're all underpowered. That's like saying every MAX AV weapon should be nerfed to the level of the fracture, or saying every flak weapon should be nerfed to the level of the ranger.
The banshee is bad at killing armour, really bad and really bad at killing air. It was nerfed because it was OP against infantry. I don't want it totally reversed-- I know how OP it was (I got about 860 kills with it.) I just want part of the nerf reversed, because it was nerfed too far, to the point where it was less frustrating to kill other aircraft, no matter how bad it is for the task, because it's just that bad at killing infantry
\&gt; implying any recent fps isn't
And? The secondaries don't increase the killing power of the banshee. The make the ESF more versatile, but don't affect whether the weapon itself is overpowered or underpowered.
It's more battlefield 4 meet EVE online, minus the spreadsheet simulator.
Medic gun, medic. Assault rifles are excellent weapons, even the stock ones, and the medic gun lets you rake in cert points. It's even better if you're TR, because we have the greatest,number of good assault rifles- the stock gun is great, the trv spams shots, the TAR is a high mobility beast, the SABR is the only good burst weapon in the game, and I've heard excellent things about the TORQ.
If I know I can only pull somethi,g every 7 minutes, it's sure as hell going to affect my playstyle. And I fail to understand why an equal number of players, each individually more vulnerable, playing more difficult to use roles, shouldn't be more effective than players using an easier platform. Skill matters on the ground, why shouldn't it matter in the air?
Your comment's argument (or at least one of them) basically boiled down to " since two ESF's are better than a liberator, ESF's are overpowered." it wasn't your only argument, but it's the one I was referring to.
Filthy NC, you deserve to be cleansed by the might of the TERRAN REPUBLIC. Already, our commisars are preparing their commisar hats and commissioners to execute you and your terrorist brethren. LOYALTY. HONOR. COURAGE. TR.
PS2 is notoriously CPU intensive, because your computer has to jump through a lot of hoops to figure out what all the dozens or hundreds of players close enough to affect you are doing. You're getting a 300m radius of data from infantry, and up to 900m depending on vehicle (galaxies render furthest, because, of their size.)
Ps2 has it's own unique flight model to compensate for the low flight ceiling but comparatively large map. Because literally every aircraft is VTOL, a specialized combat maneuver called the reverse maneuver has been developed. I can't give exact instructions because I'm a PC player, but the general idea is to slow down, do a 180 degree alerion roll until your belly faces up, pitch down, then, once level, press boost. If you've slowed down far enough, the boosters will drop into hover mode, which gives you a significant increase in upwards thrust. The manuever is useful for two reason- it lets you face your opponent without getting into a tedious turnfight, and your delta-v during the boost phase is high enough, in a strange enough direction, that your opponent will miss a bunch of their shots trying to hit you. Dogfighting, in general, tends to happen after both pilots have switched to hover mode, so they can both aim at their opponents while also tumbling in midair with afterburners to make themselves more difficult to fight. If you know the reverse maneuver and your opponent doesn't, then you can make them overshoot you and get on their tail. Do note that the reverse maneuver is best down behind cover, as slowing down and flipping over makes you an easy to hit target. To stay in hover mode, only pitch down. It's much faster than pitching up anyways. At more advanced levels, you can use the reverse maneuver sideways, or while going around an obstacle.
There's actually a pretty good reason- point defense with blast weapons. Were there no friendly fire, you could constantly drop explosives on the points, killing enemies but not affecting your team.
Tower bases, nelson's defiance.
Steel beams? Yes. Tree branches? Hell no.
So what you're saying is, tomcats should be nerfed, right? Because you yourself said they take no skill and allow you to kill more experienced players solely on the strength of your loadout.
Used them properly? An ESF running tanks/AA nosegun is just as much an AA craft as a craft running locks/nosegun, but worse in every way against every air target. It got to the point where I was beating AA nosegun/tanks ESF's with my banshee/tomcats ESF with a fair degree of regularity.
Huh. Probably still better to be dead looking at a map than alive looking at a counter, though.
No clue, honestly.
If you're writing a crossover, just do whatever you want.
Because then they'd be useless at actually killing people?
Maybe with all headshots, the 143 damage tier takes 7 body shots to kill at minimum range with no nanoweave. Nanoweave 1 adds another shot, and more range adds more.
It would honestly be rather overpowered- aircraft would basically be flying turrets, or spaceships. If they were truly helicopters it would make sense, but ESF's are more like F-35's than apaches. The valkyrie has the greatest yaw speed.
Huh, I thought it was only maximum stealth.
Reason: The compressor is very simple, very intuitive, very clean. A bit fiddly to work with, occasionally, but overall a very good device. The EQ I'm more ambivalent about, as it doesn't show a spectrum readout. If the mixer bus EQ was the main EQ, I'd be ecstatic. Ableton Live: The compressor is a bit more difficult to figure out, but overall very feature rich and sounds good. The EQ is positively amazing.
Funny how in your comment you forget about geography.
Please don't camp warpgates- it's extremely cancerous behavior towards the airgame. Aside from that, go for, it.
Centrist voters matter quite a bit, as that's where swing votes tend to fall. Neither party has anything approaching ~50% of the popular vote locked in, and someone as liberal as sanders will definitely get the republican base energized to vote.
I'm going to have to disagree. I've seen plenty of excellent stories that follow the spirit of the prompt.
Again, I disagree, but these are subjective opinions anyways, so it's not worth having an argument over.
Cool, I'll check it out.
Probably only doable on max ammo, though. It's because the PPA and banshee have the HMG resist type, while the AH and other noseguns have the air MG resist type. Valkyries are built to be well defended against ESF weapons, not so much ground fire.
Nah. It's still pretty bad, it's just better than the others in groups because of its large DPM and HMG resist type.
No, I'm not. I'd need at least 50% confidence to make a bet, and here the major options are "lose the primary, win the primary but lose the general, lose the general." I think "win the primary but lose the general" is the single most likely option, but not necessarily one with a greater than 50% probability of happening.
ZOE is inherently broken, in that it gives a mobility buffs to what's already the tankiest infantry unit in the game. It's always going to be either OP or useless.
That doesn't make much sense, though-- why should the AV option be better than the AA option? I'd even be willing to take an AV secondary nerf against galaxies in return for a nosegun buff.
So all ESFs are supposed to do is circlejerk with other ESFs? I have beyter luck against lightnings. I still don't try qnd seek them out, though.
So you base balance decisions based entirely on your personal dislike of ESFs? Well, I guess it's pointless to argue with you, then. You're unlikely to listen to anything I have to say regardless.
I'm almost at 1.0 overall KDR, so after getting 1.0 no-revives kdr, I want to make it to at least .75 infantry-only kdr.
GaBe is for Gabriel B, and the rest of the stuff I've been adding to my usernames since I was twelve or so because I never get to use four letter usernames, and gaberock occasionally gets taken. (I've sent plenty of hate tells to the reddit dude who stole the name and then never posted anything.)
Eh, I've always thought forcing specialization doesn't make sense, when vehicles can't change loadouts. A heavy assault is good against everything, so vehicles should be at least as good.
Every MBT in the game lets the pilot switch between driver and gunner seat. If you don't think that's a big deal, I propose preventing seat switching for the pilot of any vehicle, including air vehicles. Sure, ESFs aren't nerfed, but liberators are.
&gt;Because ESFs are impossible to hit otherwise. I wish. Flak, walkers, basilisks, halberds, drakes, the archer, even small arms will all make me leave a fight. I'm not going to deny your last statement, but that hardly negates my point that ESF hp doesn't make a difference when fighting.
&gt;That's not true. Hornets can out-DPS two Engies, and no other ESF weapon can do that. Hornets are the only weapon you can put on an ESF that can kill a competent MBT on its own. That's your argument against it? Hornets are overpowered because tanks aren't literally invulnerable to them? That's kind of ridiculous. Well, ok. You can get hornets removed, but I want to be able to outrepair flak turrets and walkers. It's only fair, right?
Your defense is to call me bad? Seriously? All those things are on the list because I personally can hit ESFs with them, despite rarely gunning for tanks.
Okay, fine. Let's remove the ESF secondary slot. I hope you enjoy dying to buffed hornets and rocketpods, though. They would have to be at least good enough to take out skyguard lightnings, since they're more difficult to use, of course.
&gt;Why can't air just avoid tanks, with the mobility they are given so they can do so, and let heavier units deal with them? Because then why not just completely remove air from the game? It's not like air can get to sunderer garages.
&gt;Except the walker is nothing more than a deterrent You must not fly very much. Even a single walker is a significant threat to me, because they can keep hitting me up until render range (1000 m/s remember)? &gt;fucked against any other MBT who is smart enough to not run a walker. Well, yeah. An ESF without AB tanks is going to lose to an equally skilled ESF with them. I'm just hoping to give MBTs the same choice ESFs have.
&gt; When the best solution to a unit type is more of that unit type That doesn't sound like a problem that gets fixed by nerfing the hornets. If you actually want a fix for that, propose AA buffs. That's the whole point of this thread-- so tankers don't need to get in an ESF to get rid of ESFs.
Then why post a reply? That's like saying "I've got such a good comeback, but I'm not even going to go there." It's immature. Either say your piece or delete that comment and I'll delete this one. Even if it's just flatly stating where you disagree without any arguments.
I'm saying that if ESFs had only one weapons slot, their weapons would have to be buffed to compensate.
So you're saying that the easier to use weapon with several times the HP should be strictly better than the equally single-purpose option? Are you dumb?
So then what's the point of AA secondaries, if you won't use them anyways?
&gt;Good god I'm an awful pilot but unless I fly over a place with loads of AA and nowhere to hide I rarely die to flak. A single walker is not a threat, if the guy is good with it you can get off 2 salvos and fly away using ab and fs to bring you back up to a fair chunk of your health back. At the same time, I'm not going to be doing anything productive with that walker there. I've sat in a bus with a walker and personally shut down air out of a fight, killing two or three reavers. They're dead easy to use, and deal a fair bit of damage. &gt;Give MBTs the same choice? Great, let us control the top gun like ESFs can their secondaires, and give MBTs the same weapon choices as ESFs, you know, because that makes everything balanced. Sure, why not. Go for it. It's not like you can't just seat swap anyways. You can't drive that way, of course, but every tanker tells me hornets are impossible to dodge anyways, so it's not like it should matter, right? &gt;Make ESFs more like Lightnings in terms of their loadouts. Highly specialised with skill being able to make up for things like AP guns vs infantry, but if you chose the wrong loadout you aren't gonna be nowhere near as effective. If I pull a Skyguard to counter the ESF slapping hornets into my ass with impunity, I become useless against infantry outside of point blank and useless against vehicles unless I can act as support for MBTs or AP Lightnings. &gt;A Lightning costs the same as an ESF, and can be effective against ((Air, infantry, armour) Pick 2 if you're a good aim and know how to drive one right, else pick one), have to turn and run in about 2-7 seconds depending on chassis, and be clear of the fight in 10-30+ depending on terrain and chassis, and has to worry about air, infantry and armour, 2 of which can keep up. Lightnings are fucking useless. Every MBT will destroy a lightning of equal skill. I wouldn't wish the state of the lightning on my worst enemy. The only thing they're good at is being a skyguard. That's not something nerfing air will fix. Until there's an actual reason to pull lightnings to fight tanks, rather than an equal number of mbts, I'm just going to ignore comparisons to them. &gt; If I pick a loadout for an ESF that is good against ground, it should suck ass against infantry outside of direct hits and it should be useless against other air unless you have support specialised to take out air that you can assist. Like how AP cannons are useless at killing anything that isn't other tanks? I'm a bad tanker, by my own admission, and still kill infantry with my AP lightning. &gt;An MBT costs 100 nanites more than both, can be effective against ((Air, infantry, armour) Pick one unless you're a good shot with the AP main gun, then you get armour and infantry with an AV loadout), have to turn and run in 10s+ depending on chassis, and be clear of the fight in 30s+ depending on terrain and chassis, and has to worry about air, infantry and armour, all of which can keep up if it needs to stop and repair, and is under fire Tanks are always good against at least infantry, and then likely other tanks. And it's not like ESFs don't have to worry about air, infantry and armor. Literally everything short of knife strikes hurt us, getting nailed by an AP cannon OHKO's us, and infantry can do a lot more damage in any given time frame. &gt;. Oh, and it also needs 2 competent people to be effective at whatever loadout, and ESF can be piloted by a retard and be effective at everything bar air combat As if. I've hopped in plenty of random MBTs and wrecked opponents. When I pull tanks, I always do so solo, and still manage to get kills. I don't know what the skill ceiling for tanks is, but the skill floor is ground level. &gt; ESF can be piloted by a retard and be effective at everything bar air combat How is that different from a tank? In fact, it's even easier on the tankers, because the greater HP pool grants a greater margin of error, and they don't spontaneously explode on touching trees.
Let's face it-- DBG hates the basilisk, because people don't pay DBG to use it.
If you make AA secondaries as difficult to use as ESFs, I have no problem with them being as powerful against air as air is versus tanks. But that's the fundamental tradeoff tank secondaries make-- they're easier to use, so they're less effective. But if you have a legitimate proposal for skill based AA to put on a tank I would be (And I'm not saying this sarcastically) more than happy to hear it and spread the word.
&gt; Being able to out-rep is not immunity, it's meaningful counterplay. ESFs cannot normally kill a 2/2 MBT unless they kill the passengers while they're out repairing. Hornets allow the ESF to focus the tank and get a free kill. Meaningful counterplay? It's among the most infuriating things I've seen in planetside. Imagine if infantry could outrepair your AP cannon shooting at a sunderer. Sure, you can snipe them with AP, but time spent trying to hit small infantry-shaped shaped targets is time spent not dealing damage to your target. And in an ESF, that's far worse than in a tank, because you're visible to everything in two hexes and about to get jumped by a reaver. I recognize that hornets are OP; I've talked to you before about this. But sneakily trying to drive the discussion in a way so as to make hornets totally useless is unethical.
So you're saying the game needs to be balanced around it's best players? In that case, hornets aren't OP anyways, because any good tanker will dodge them. If you can't, you're bad. Same goes for the dalton or tankbuster-- if you get hit, obviously you screwed up somewhere. If you can't hit aircraft with the main gun, you're obviously to much of a bad to complain about them. The fact is, I've spent seven days flying my ESF. I don't know what metric you define as "Good," but I'm better than most other ESF pilots you'll find in the air. Maybe that's still not "good" but believing I should have no say in balance discussions is thoroughly ridiculous. &gt;You're talking about continuing to take damage by walkers "up until render distance" It only takes a single lucky hit to turn of NAR. Again, this is all stuff I've done myself, despite being a noob tanker. And as you said, we should balance around the elites-- which means we need to assume everyone is capable of doing this.
&gt;You do know that 2 Hornets = 1 Dalton, which can be fired either as dumb-fired or guided right? The dumb fire mode is obviously a bug. If you feel it's a problem, campaign to fix it. I've personally never managed to make use of it. &gt;From a vehicle that can deliver its payload in .88 seconds (as demonstrated by that dude 2 weeks ago in his Hornets video). The description isn't clear but 2 hornets = 1 dalton round. Deliver the payload... then either act like a sitting duck while guiding it, or take evasive maneuvers that significantly detract from accuracy. Citing a video as evidence for what hornets normally behave like is like me citing Alaroxr as evidence that sniping aircraft with AP rounds is an easy feat. I'm not going to deny that hornets deal a fairly massive amount of damage in a short time, but their sustained DPS is, in practice, much lower than the dalton, because they have a longer reload cycle, require the ESF pilot to flail around like a dying fish, and getting two slow-moving rockets on target is a fair bit harder than getting a projectile that moves literally twice as fast. Plus, hornets are quite a bit harder to aim, because ESFs unlike daltons, hornets aren't aimed with freelook (Except in a buggy, difficult to make use of way, that is.) I understand that that doesn't preclude hornets from being OP, but it's not as simple as "hornets are like the dalton, but on ESFs." &gt;Now the Walker tickles shit. Buffed, what are you thinking, make it so it scratches instead? You mentioned "aim further down" which means improve declination, and not buff for damage. Is that you're intent? In my personal experience using walkers (that is, mostly gunning a single walker on a deployed sunderer) I manage to get a fair amount of ESF kills. Not liberator kills, admittedly, but they're certainly effective at taking down ESFs, at least proportional to the skill then require. Thus, I suggested the declination buff so that tankers actually had a reason to use it beyond just taking down air-- defense against infantry and additional DPS against other tanks. Like a basilisk, but significantly more effective against aircraft and infantry. Maybe that still wouldn't have balanced the walker. But the fact is, AA will never be balanced if people aren't expected to use it, and every tanker I've talked to flatly refuses to use the walker. Not even for unintelligible reasons-- I understand that they want to primarily be good against other tanks, because that's what they think is fun. I don't want to use flares to counter A2AM, because I want to fight AB tank ESFs. At the same time, though, complaining about aircraft, and then refusing to counter aircraft, is like infantry complaining about getting spawnroom camped, but refusing to pull rocket launchers. Far more forgivable, of course, for the tankers, but still not the ideal scenario. So to sum it up, I want the walker to also help against tanks, so then tankers will actually bother to pull it, so it can be properly balanced against aircraft. &gt; AA is a joke in this game, and from what I've been able to ascertain, AA exists as a deterrent, and not to actually counter anything. I regularly kill ESFs and valkyries when I hop in flak turrets. Liberators are still a problem, but keeping a hex clear of light air certainly sounds like a counter to me. Imagine if rocket launchers didn't kill tanks, but instead teleported them 300 meters away from the person that shot it. Sure, you're not dead, but at the same time, you're pretty much useless at affecting a fight. And the fact is, the only win condition this game has is "capture bases." If you can't be near bases, you're useless, no matter how long you manage to stay alive. And it sounds like that's going to continue even with the ANTs-- from the preliminary resistance figures, it looks like ESFs are going to be pretty useless at taking down VP gens, due ot a combination of low damage output and the inability to be anywhere close to a defended location. &gt;ESFs aren't a problem. The damage output of Hornets in such a short time is a problem. This is my personal opinion, but I think the alpha strike damage is the part that makes the most sense, considering the design of ESFs. Maybe their sustained damage could be tuned to be worse, so ESFs should expect help to deal with armor (for example, I can't kill a sunderer by myself, hornets or not) but a high alpha strike actually allows ESFs to be useful in high-flak areas, without (necessarily) making them OP in smaller fights.
&gt;Buses are different with walkers, they sit behind cover so they don't get seen/shot so their area of effect is limited, if you die to a stationary deployed walker bus you're an idiot, if you die to a moving dual walker bus with the sole intent of mobile AA, then if you die that's fair, but that takes 2 guns and 3 people to be any good. So you're dumb if you get killed, and you're dumb if you act in a way so as to not get killed? Walker busses, yes, even the deployed ones, are a threat to me unless I act to minimize that threat. And acting in a way so as to minimize that threat typically makes me far less effective at actually affecting a base fight, or any of the vehicles surrounding it. &gt;Yes, because completely negating the downside and balancing factor of MBTs is a good idea. I'd love to see 1/1 MBTs rolling around with AP and Halberds completely making ground pointless for everything else. The ground is already pointless for everything else.Can you seriously tell me any group of MBTs is afraid of an equal number of lightnings? Will you make the argument that a 2/2 harasser is easier to use than a 2/2 MBT? &gt;Hornets are impossible to dodge unless the pilot sneezes and takes his crosshairs off the tank, or you have cover to hide under. Hardly. They're impossible to dodge from the really good and really bad pilots, because the bad pilots will stand stock still to take aim (And get nailed by someone's AP cannon) while the really good pilots shouldn't be balanced around specifically anyways, but a merely average pilot like me will often miss a mobile MBT with hornets, because it's hard moving around the ESF to both hit our targets and not paint a glowing target on our backs. &gt;I never said AP was useless vs infantry, I said you have to be good at aiming with it for it to be effective against infantry. Hardly. I'm not good at aiming, and I can still do it. AP rounds move quickly, and cannons are controlled by the mouse. In fact, I have better accuracy with my AP lightning than with the dalton, and the dalton only shoots at vehicles. &gt;An ESF with lolpods and stock nosegun effectively covers everything, it can rape infantry, deal solid damage to armour and engage other air albeit at a slightly reduced effectiveness. There is no ground vehicle that can do the same, at all. Assuming the kind of ESF pilot where rocketpods aren't a burden, for an equivalently skilled tank driver, they can flyswat ESFs, deal solid damage to liberators and galaxies, take down infantry out until a hundred meters, and of course are the kings of ground vehicles. A rocketpod ESF will get outrepaired by an MBT crew (/u/VSDeggy said so, take it up with him if he's wrong), galaxy crew, and sunderer crew. Plus, anything and everything chews through rocketpod ammo incredibly fast. 96 rounds is practically nothing, and during my auraxium I had to constantly go back to airpads and resupply. &gt;and if an MBT runs anything other than AP and an AV top gun they'll be useless against every other tank out there. Which is why I made this thread: in the hopes that running an AA secondary wouldn't be a death sentence. How can you expect to balance AA secondaries if tankers never use them? &gt;and then you have fire supression which will get most of your health back. Just fyi, ESF fire suppression does heal a sizable part of ESF health by proportion, but it's not a whole lot of health in the absolute sense. Back when fire suppression granted healing ribbons, I heard stories about galaxies making 12,000 score/hour just by mashing their fire suppression button over mid sized fights. &gt;Hence why I said competent, I'm guessing you're a decent aim with whatever top gun is available to you. Talk to the guys that run MBTs and have had randoms jump in the top spot, a lot of the time they're pants on head retarded and unless you have voice comms with them it's impossible to communicate and be as effective as if it was manned by one person. An ESF doesn't have that problem, because it only has one person. I'm really not. between my lightning and prowler, I have less than 200 kills tracked on DA, most of which were on hapless infantry. I'd be even less effective if TR weapons weren't specifically made to cater to the braindead. &gt;Because a retard in a Lightning is easy to kill because he'll struggle to aim and point his tank in the right direction. A retard in an MBT won't be able to use the tank to it's full effectiveness, and 2 retards in an MBT will get bitch slapped by other 2/2 MBTs that have a brain. Again, how is that different from ESF? A bad ESF player won't even live long enough to get bitch slapped, they'll just flip over as soon as they spawn from the warpgate, bail in confusion, and have their aircraft blow up. &gt;Hornet missiles are basically two Vanguard AP barrels that fire laser guided shells that travel at half speed, and are mounted to the fastest, most maneuverable and hardest to hit vehicle in the entire game. If you gave any ground vehicle a copy paste of that people, everyone would say it's OP, because it is. It requires no skill to sit above the gun elevation of tanks and fire down on them with laser guided missiles with relative impunity, when you take damage you just pop FS and afterburner to safety. You're right, it doesn't take any skill to do that. It also doesn't take any skill to snipe an ESF doing that with an AP cannon. An ESF that actually does try the "stay in place and nail them with hornets" trick completely negates their own mobility advantage. And on the flipside, you can hardly say it takes no skill to hit with hornets if the ESF doing it is boosting around the place to make sure they don't attract enemy fire. I'd also like to point out that staying out of gun elevation is at least a little harder than you'd think-- Staying directly above the tank doesn't work (at least for newbies) because the ESF kicks you out of hover mode eventually and you drop like a rock (there's a trick to making sure that doesn't happen, but only experienced pilots actually know about it, it costs afterburner fuel, and it's not 100% effective anyways). And if you're not at that high angle, there's a legitimate worry that the tank can incline themselves to get you in their sights. It only takes a single AP round (unless you're a prowler, but I always fly TR so I probably have a different experience than VS and NC.) And the whole "laser guided" angle isn't that impressive, considering that it's still a fixed-forward laser. ESF yaw is *slow* and it still can't be bound to the mouse. There are legitimate problems with the hornet in the current game environment, but I can guarantee that nearly every pilot would prefer a fast, unguided projectile.
To be honest, that's better than what I expected, so I partially withdraw my complaint, but you could have clarified that better.
Fly tomcats. If they have AB tanks and send you ragetells (whether they win or lose) they're skyknights. Avoid them like the plague if you use any other loadout, because they'll tear you a new asshole.
I don't fly tomcats, it's just common knowledge.
We're not actually in disagreement here, you're just misinterpreting my intent because that's hard to get through text.
If the server got moved the midwest, maybe... but I admit I'm biased.
My MLG voicepack is to good to change, but this is really damn cool :)
&gt; I mean comeon. Eh, rasengan was specifically designed to be modular-- it's a large part of what makes it so good. There are probably plenty of attacks that do what rasengan does with less chakra expenditure, but it's easier to modify the rasengan than learn them, which is the point.
It should work splendidly, if all the OPruto fanctiction is indicative.
I made a [relevant post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Planetside/comments/3yumb0/shitpost_the_cynical_guide_for_new_pilots/)
/r/wallstreetbets
Have you cleaned out your fans with compressed air since then? Performance typically reduces as computers age,and that can be one of the main reasons.
Lol, you stalk two month old posts to say "I win." Real mature.
If I want to get audio quality that bad in a DAW, I have to actually work at it.
Haha! I unsubscribed so I could make a ninja re-subscribe to be the 4,000th member! Get on ma lvl.
Well, I guess you'll be sucessful. ^^^That ^^^is, ^^^until ^^^I ^^^implement ^^^my ^^^glorious ^^^plan ^^^to ^^^double ^^^cross ^^^you ^^^at ^^^the ^^^last ^^^second ^^^with ^^^my ^^^alt ^^^account!
So, wanting to get a good education is a less worthy task than maxing out credit cards?
Why is sakura pregnant when sarada's already born? Also, the drawer is seriously underestimating the power of keikaku.
&gt;what don't people understand about this? Maybe they don't understand this, because the people that made those choices were 18 years old, hadn't been required to take an economics class in high school, and had been told their whole lives to follow their dreams, instead of making the fiscally responsible, if ultimately unfulfilling choice? Forebrain development and impulse control aren't settled until people are around 25.
Israel spends a lot of money lobbying use because we prop up their military. AIPAC is one of the biggest lobbies out there. The "jews are in control of everything" conspiracy is ridiculous, but they certainly do have far too mich sway in American politics.
She even has a sense of humor! I would barely need reddit.
Did you just compare inheritance cycle to star wars??!!?!?! RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT Though literally every fan of the series (including me) agrees the movie was absolutely shittastic.
I'm trying to remember which chant the otters used. Wasn't it Euleluia?
Let's say you build endlessly self-replicating nanobots (that also happen to ignore entropy, for reasons), that will take over the world. If you just let them go, you can be pretty confident that you've caused the apocalypse, but that doesn't mean everyone's dead in the first thirty seconds. We've found and are exploiting the munchkinable technology, but it's taking a little while to thoroughly overthrow everything.
jpeg is an innate quality.
Eh, think about it like this. If you're actually immortal, our species isn't going to die out anyways, because you're still alive. And it's not like birth rates have been going up; in countries rich enough for immortality, it would be virtually a non-issue, as people could just postpone children indefinitely.
I'm temped to make a post asking how they feel about /r/Ooer
"Better red than dead." [INSTANT ACTION: 10 SECONDS] [9] [8] ... [1] Around me were metal walls. Below, a metal floor. However, I seemed to be wearing some sort of helmet that projected an augmented reality, allowing me to "see" straight down. Below, a familiar sight greeted me, a translucent dome about a kilometer straight down. "Wait, isn't that..." I choked, as I felt myself rapidly accelerating towards the surface. Shit. Wasn't I supposed to wake up if I fell, or something? Inception had a whole bit around this. I heard thrusters, and felt a massive pressure on my legs as I decelerated, and then came to a stop. The metal walls around me collapsed outwards, and I stepped out of my metal container. From every direction I heard fully automatic fire and saw hundreds of tracer rounds, as if I was in the middle of a particularly unrealistic hollywood war movie. Red and black, blue and yellow, and purple and green soldiers fought in tightly contested hallways under the translucent dome I stood on. *TING* I lost control of my limbs and fell over. *'What? What?'* A videogame death screen appeared, revealing that I had been killed by a friendly infantryman with a sniper rifle. *'Goddamnit.'* Distantly, I heard someone shout "Welcome to planetside, mothefucker." ___ This post may or may not be based on real events :) I might make a part two, but mobile typing is a pain.
The had to switch that for other new-player mechanics though, since retention was so poor. I'm kind of sad about that, but it was for the best.
Don't listen to him. We get the black bars and everything, it's like looking with one eye, but at a control room that has two screens. That's why people close one eye when looking into telescopes-- not because of the two images being distracting, so much, but because if we only use one eye we don't get the black bars.
OPruto is still OPruto. Naruto can be clever, but he's not "smart" and making him like this forces him to be OOC. If you want to write about a canonically smart character making better choices, choose sakura, shikamaru, or even Shino (who's criminally underutilized.)
at least it sounds fantastic.
He's secretly anbu commander. He teaches class with a swarm clone, a,d nobody suspects a thing. Shino- secret badass of the leaf.
I ship kakashi/anko. Partially because it tickles my fancy to believe kakashi's perverted fetish is just fat women (we wouldn't care as much, but imagine how it looks to ninja) but mostly because it pisses off Kakashi/Iruka shippers.
A good old exterminatus on the whole sector. Just to be sure, you know?
I wish my mosquito had a bigger death blast radius, so I could kamikaze it into flak nests.
They don't want you to win. They don't want you to have the No. 1 record in the country. They don't want you get healthy. They don't want you to exercise. And they don't want you to have that view. *SAY MA NAME.*
Why are you using this: ` character as your apostrophe? That's a grave accent, and it's making reddit do weird stuff. try using this: ' instead.
fimfiction does (nearly) everything fanfiction does (can't exclude stuff based on update date, only publish date) but also includes a lot more options. If it was more multi purpose it would be fantastic.
Hardly. Again, the people who made fimfiction are making a general purpose site for non-mlp fanfics, but with the same feature set.
This is the first time I've heard "wigging out" used in any context aside from Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo.
By font options, I meant that the reader can choose their preffered font. (Although I believe the writer sets the default.) FF.net does the same thing, it just have a lot fewer available choices.
Replace bo-bobo with banana. It's functionally identical, but now he calls himself Banana-ba ba-nana.
Nah, anime moves too slowly for me. Naruto doesn't usually have spectacular animation either, so it's not much of a difference from just reading the manga.
You might like "Rock Lee &amp; His Ninja Pals". He gets his own spinoff.
If it had been Hil6ry it would have been a little clever (so the six is an l and an a) but as-is it's just asinine.
You need to press enter twice for a line break, like this one, or space twice at the end of a line to get this effect Here's a formatted copy of your story (you can copy paste it by clicking source.) You probably need to divide your individual paragraphs a bit more as well, as people get easily turned off by blocks of text. ___ It all started one day, not unlike any other day. I was in the /r/Biology section of town. I love it here. I see all of my colleagues posting questions and answers, stories and papers. It is a great community. A community of science, deeply invested in educating and learning. A great metropolis if you will. This day however, it changed. After I had gotten my cup of coffee, I noticed something strange happening in my deeply loved biology section. Someone had been asking kind of strange questions dealing with genetics. Someone had answered the question and sent him on his way to the /r/Genetics part of my beloved metropolis. Once he arrived there his questions became more and more extreme. They lacked ethics, and the answers were, well unfortunately, they were dangerous. In all of the history of the /r/Biology metropolis, we never saw anyone posses a quality of evil. Sure we saw the /r/Science parts of town being used for a destructive nature, /r/Physics had been threatened with an evil trying to use dark matter to destroy the world as we knew it, and /r/Chemistry was used to try to harnest the power of an electron to destroy the world of Reddit, but never our /r/Biology. It was a place of light, learning for the better good of life, you know? However that all changed, not for the better. I was made a secret agent of /r/Biology security, about five years prior to this happening. I was a consultant on the tragedy of the /r/Physics scandal, so I knew what I should be looking for. When I saw the magnitude of the questions being asked in the /r/Biology section of town, I had to follow the ponderer into the /r/Genetics section. I kept my distance, used my training, and monitored the answers. It was tedious work at times, and I thought I could have been loosing it. However every question became more and more threatening, more and more distinct, more and more strange, less and less ethical. I finally answered one of the questions. The question read: If a genetic code could be altered through a transposon, could a transposon be widely spread throughout the world of Reddit, to create a mind altering gene, that would allow for the widespread use of manipulations to gain up votes, on everything and everything I wanted? Well for those of you who are not sure of what a transposon is, it is a piece of DNA that codes for a protein that allows DNA structures to be altered. Thus changing the way genes are encoded. If the right section of DNA is changed, well we could have a catastrophic change in gene expression, resulting in a terrible sickness or death. I answered his question by stating, falsely, I had such a transposon, and that I had been working on this kind of bio-technology for a while. I told him to meet me in the /r/Technology part of town at 3:00 pm sharp. This was my time to finally asses the situation face to face. I arrived at the /r/Technology part of town at approximately 2:30 pm, he arrived at 2:59 pm. He sat down across from me. He asked politely, "What is your name?" Just like that I realized I had been made, I didn't have time to even answer his question, he had clearly been at the /r/Biochemistry section of town before meeting me. He sprayed me with a chemical that induced paraylsis, however he had not realized that every field agent is given an invitro genetic solution to this problem, that reduces the time one is paralyzed from two hours, to only six minuetes. There he was thinking he could not be stopped. He revealed it all to me. His whole plan. He was going to use the mind controlling transposon genes, to create a false persona for himself. He wanted to gain a massive amount of upvotes, therefore he could gain public support for the position he wanted so badly. He was going to use genetic treason to take over the world of Reddit. After he took the five minutes to explain to me his sinister plan, he took another minute to explain to me that I would never catch him for as long I lived. Then he tied me up and threw me in the back of his car. By this time I was no longer paraylized but if he thought I was it would be better. Next thing I know he is whipping through the world of Reddit like crazy. Going into the /r/Politics section, gaining all the information he could, reading and upvoting posts. Planting in his ideas that would eventually have the world of Reddit upvoting them. He then pulled over into a section called /r/SocialInjustice. He then revealed the whole nature of his clearly psycopathic need to be wanted. He untied me, with a false sense of security. That was his only mistake. I took out his legs, and told him he was going to /r/Jail for the rest of his life. Where only the /r/NSFW activites occur. He was not thrilled, but he was in cuffs, but only for a second...
Most noseguns are air mg, but banshee is HMG, which deals more damage to vehicles because of resistance changes. It takes a lot fewer banshee shots than rotary shots to kill a valkyrie, for example.
huh, that's interesting. It might just be a factor of direct bullet damage for the harasser, then.
&gt; What's the point in living forever? maximizing utility over time.
you can't be altruistic if you're dead. You can be happy that you've "added something to the world" right up until your death, but afterwards, from your perspective, it wouldn't matter if the planet was obliterated by a stray black hole.
Huh, it seems like whenever I get nailed by a phoenix I get killed. Maybe it's just that, to get hit by it, I need to have been in a fight long enough to get small arms damage.
We don't talk about the real world here. It's all pay to win bullshit, the RNG always screws you over, and there aren't even any good exploits.
might want to switch it to UDP.
He wants to be the next Danzo, obviously. Then he can look out of rainy windows, pretend he's in a rap video, and pat himself on the back for being a hard man that makes hard decisions.
&gt; Yeah and the whole turning into a nuke from guilt seemed kind of lost on me. It kind of makes sense, though. For a person that had been putting up wards for over a century, it makes sense that what would kill him off would be self-harm. And Paolini had been foreshadowing the magic nuke since the earlier parts of book one.
Sexy. Reminds me of the archer.
Bernei: "Senpai Noticed! B-but, it's not like I like him or anything. Baka."
something something big stick.
this statement is so ridiculously ironic.
TPP: * protects a free and open internet bullshit.
If madagascar doesn't get you, greenland will.
uncle joe doesn't give a fuck.
actually, it looks like I'm wrong for puerto rico (3.55 million, which is a pretty decent number) but the rest of the unincorporated territory is basically just military bases.
DEEEEJAAAAY KHAAALEEED
The same is true for dc, and DC far out populates the virgin islands. I admitted I was wrong for puerto rico, but unless they're incorporated into hawaii or something, it's not really worth it.
Definitely creepy.
well, I figured "devil's abdicate" could be a play on words referring to both devil's advocate and how he left his throne, but I didn't see what satin had to do with it.
No, it's satire, at least for the posters.
/u/TrollaBot GaBeRockKing
To busy teamkilling to organize a protest.
with only one shonen protagonist capable of taking it down.
They're just being genre savvy. What kind of villain actually changes their ways after a stern talking too? He was clearly going to backstab them.
"Cyberattack." It sounds like he wants to hire hackerman.
terrorist magic. OOOOHHHH. Spooky, isn't it?
You can see him getting aroused.
He's basically saying that donald trump's restrictive view of citizenship would also prevent himself from running.
that's some sith shit right there. "I'm going to embrace the mantle of anger."
How will they attack him? "He's a socialist." Well, he is, and is vocal about it. "He's not a god-fearing christian." Yep, he's jewish. Obamacare? He literally wants single player.
Glorious Stutka would like to have a word with you. It sounds like NNNNEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAA
I think you mean, Who gives a shit about civilians anyway? - not Ben Carson
Well, yes, but that's something they've brought down on themselves.
Is anyone else having the stream take a dump, or is it just my local (admittedly crappy) connection?
I'm not just talking about the shootings-- asset forfeiture is a massive abuse of power, and police typically get much more lenient sentencing (among other things).
Nuh uh. On the internet, the men are boys, the women are men, and the children are FBI agents.
