He's gonna be walking for a while, since he can't exactly fit on one of those ships.
Yep, exactly. My father immediately turned to me and asked why Jon was able to kill the walker. It's also a good way to link Valyrian Steel with walker killing, because it hasn't really been clear in the show at all that it's anything other than a good metal.
It showed Lord Protector Mormont giving Jon his sword, mentioning that it's Valyrian Steel.
That's the one that really gets me the most. Beric Dondarrion was introduced...and then never used in any way what so ever. At least Gendry had assisted in a plotline in some way. Beric did nothing besides have a flaming sword fight. In the end, he contributed nothing before he was abandoned. The worst part of all of it is that there were like three or four "Previously" segments last season that showed him. They teased the fuck out of LSH and then never introduced her.
They are. If you're a buyer you will never have an issue. If you're a seller, you're completely fucked. Especially if the buyer is a prick. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jan/04/paypal-buyer-destroys-violin That's probably the most ridiculous case of them all, in my opinion. Not because of the dollar amount, but because Paypal apparently *told* the buyer to destroy the item because Paypal (who is not an authority on authenticity of anything) decided that it was a counterfeit.
He's saying that obeying the law isn't a reason for the government to leave you alone. Basically, he supports the government watching every single person at every single moment so they can fuck you whenever they want for any reason they want.
Actually his overall point was that Lan and Demandred were equal in skill if they were both fresh. It's implied by Lan's inner dialog that if he were not so tired he thought it would have been an even fight. But Lan could also have been underestimating himself, considering the fact that he'd been fighting for ***days*** at that point and was still only barely losing.
Only Frontier does, which is the original MH MMO (there's also Chinese Monster Hunter Online, which is a different game). Frontier has been around for 8+ years, and is constantly getting updated. A few years back, people were getting too good so they added Hardcore monsters, which have insanely stupid abilities and hit ranges in exchange for rare drops that make the best gear in the game. One of the more hilarious ones (in my opinion) is Hardcore Congalala: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qVgQoi1wHw
Is it just me or was there a noticeable audio desync this episode? It was affecting my ability to pay attention because everything was off. This was on the broadcast version, not sure if the HBO GO version is any different.
&gt;and leave the results, if any, for next week. People forget that we didn't immediately see the effect of her magic last time either. When Stannis burned the slugs, nothing happened until later. All of the people he named died, but it wasn't ten seconds later. It wasn't even in the same season for most of them.
Yeah that's usually what happens. You start off with a system. It's a great system. Your head agrees that it's the best idea ever...until you get half way through. Then you realize, oh fuck, even though this system is great, there's not enough trees! Panic! Fuck it, just wing it and hope it works out.
This shit drives me nuts, especially when you slow down for that fucker. "I could have driven past you five times already, JUST FUCKING GO!"
&gt;Im curious as to why Shakespeare is still heavily taught in schools. It's not really relevant, the writing style is nowhere close to todays, and for the most part when I was in school, nobody had any real interest in many of the books we had to read. Don't get me wrong, they are very good works of literature. It really shouldn't be. Shakespeare's works aren't books, they're plays. Plays aren't meant to be read monotone in a classroom (like they often are) or even in your head. It's meant to be acted out on a stage. That's why they're plays. The fact that we try to get kids to read plays in classrooms defeats the point of the work entirely. Plus, most kids aren't really interested in it, and when you're not interested in it it doesn't really matter how good it is.
http://i.imgur.com/OjoFkwW.jpg
It's definitely not 100% proof, but it is a supporting argument. Along with the argument that it has no benefit to the story what so ever and all of the build up that his story arc had to the general story of the show, it makes for a pretty good case against him being dead.
Also the fact that EVERYONE on the Boltons' side had horses. There's usually at least some infantry...unless all of those horses were originally Stannis' as well.
Using one sellsword's honor as a guide to every other sellsword everywhere is a terrible argument.
&gt;Someone, somewhere, honesty thought this was the right move. It's not even that someone thought that this was the right move against something else. They just didn't think about current players. They were thinking about getting more players in the game, and not thinking about the ones that were already here. Which, honestly, has been an issue with ANet for some time now (Hello NPE). And the biggest issue people have with the expansion in general isn't the cost, it isn't the fact that veterans don't get anything extra, but the fact that there's nothing being shown once again. I don't think veteran players would have a problem if they knew they were getting a Factions/Nightfall quality addition to the core game, but they simply don't. This lack of interest in the veteran player simply compounds on top of that issue. The truth of the matter is that they haven't shown that the expansion is worth $50. They just haven't. Especially when GW1, which this game is a direct sequel to, released three individual content additions that rivaled the main game (and even surpassed it in many ways). This expansion not only doesn't show this, but doesn't really show anything at all. ANet has developed this policy of not telling us anything with GW2, and it has shown at every turn that it's a very, very poor policy that needs immediate change; one they refuse to change. It's not really a wonder that every other month this sub turns into a "ANET, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!" post extravaganza.
&gt;There's a study on productivity that shows that working more than 50 hours is much less productive, and anything over 55 hours is completely wasted. Japan is not surprising, much of it is about appearances to working hard and putting in long hours, but the reality doesn't pan out. Japan has the highest because of that (what I believe is) terrible social requirement where you basically ***can not*** leave before a superior (rank wise, or even age wise if I remember correctly). So if they're working late, you're working late, even if you have nothing to do. Or if you're dead tired. Or simply because they don't feel like leaving. It's ridiculous.
Out of curiosity...if this fine hits them and they actually get charged it...where does that money go?
I wouldn't say S5 was TERRIBLE, but probably a third of the episodes are skip episodes to me. For example, the episode mentioned in this very thread. Spanakopita was a meh episode at best, and at only 8 episodes in the season it didn't really serve any real purpose to the plotline.
I enjoyed this until I saw you misspelled "you're".
Exactly. They don't actually upgrade their infrastructure because, at least before now, no one actually ever called them on doing nothing after receiving the money. They've gotten tons of grants in the past and then not delivered. Then, when the government does complain, they lock it in legal crap for decades because of giant legal departments. It's all a massive scam.
Your reaction was pretty much the same as mine. I didn't really care about the scene being a rape scene, but that it once again shows that Sansa has had literally no character development since Season 1. Something she started to show at the end of Season 4, then randomly abandoned at the start of this Season. In the end, she's the same person and nothing has changed about her.
Apparently the guy has never heard of [scalpers](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Scalper). They've been a serious issue when it comes to Limited Editions and things like that for some time now...and he's basically said that they're not only willing to support them, but happy to. All this says to me is that I was right not to buy Destiny.
Lloyd, Cecile and Nina were definitely in on it. There's no way Nina would have given up her hatred for Zero (and by extension, Lelouch) any other way. And if Nina was in on it, there's no reason I can see why Lloyd and Cecile weren't as well. It's perfectly in character for Lloyd, too. Basically, the majority of important major characters either figured it out or was in on it.
&gt; Doran knows Ellaria will poison Myrcella and lets it happen. Doesn't that kind of completely fuck up Doran's established character in all of S5?
No problem, my pleasure!
To be fair, when the game started there were some pretty gawdawful mechanics in place. I stopped playing almost immediately after I hit 60 in vanilla D3 because it just wasn't fun at all. The ridiculous gear grind, the cash equipment shop, the stupidity of Inferno....the list goes on. The core game has always been something that could be successful, they just needed to alter pretty much everything else to get there.
&gt;The last big game will be Zelda, I keep seeing people in denial about this but it is true. That's implying that the Zelda game will even make it to the Wii U. It might not. There's a reason it was absent from E3 this year. The new Zelda game might be a twofer, being on both the NX and Wii U...but right now it doesn't look like they plan to release it for the Wii U at all, otherwise we would have seen something this year about it. Face it...the Wii U is dead already. It's their biggest failure next to the Virtual Boy. The Wii U had a few good titles, and that was it. I can count the good titles on my fingers (Monster Hunter 3U, Mario Kart, Smash, Super Mario 3D World, New Super Mario Bros 2, Pikmin 3, Splatoon, Bayonetta 2, and Xenogears). And not everyone will enjoy every one of those. Those are pretty much the only games I would recommend looking at if you had a Wii U. I regret my Wii U purchase, utterly and completely.
This is clearly a self inputted database that's...well, lackluster. I entered 1952 for shits and giggles. Apparently, the only World related thing to happen since then is the 1986 disaster at Chernobyl. What about the massive tsunami in Japan a few years back? What about the wars that have happened? Additionally, continental drift has apparently been debunked. It has? I went to the Wikipedia link....and the page basically says there's a ton of evidence to support the concept. It mentions that the *initial* theory submitted in the late 1590's was pretty much debunked, but the concept as a whole is very much real. Then you get to Technology...and almost all of it is Apple related. Whoever set this up has a serious hard-on for them. That, all combined with the terrible aesthetics of the site...yeah it's not that interesting nor impressive.
Join the club. Didn't know that those paper cups had a name.
Plus no one considers how many bugs all of this shit will have because it's not like Bethesda is infamous for the amount of bugs in their games that they never fix or anything...
When you treat "Season 9" as it actually is, a Season 1 for a spinoff, then it's absolutely fine. The network really fucked up with that one. If it were advertised as a spinoff from the beginning, I don't think it would have gotten as bad of a rap as it did. But with over half of the cast missing, of course no one is going to like it when it's being advertised as a new season to a loved show. Scrubs wasn't getting treated well for the end of its life anyway. Season 7 is half the size of any other season, when it moved over to ABC. ABC probably didn't want to pick up the show for one season and have it die immediately after they got it. That's most likely why they did what they did.
&gt; Then there's a time travel episode and everything goes to hell. Time travel episodes always do one of two things: Reset everything because the writers realized that they ***totally and completely fucked up and there's nothing they can do to fix the shit-storm and have it still make sense***, but they can't exactly start a new show or anything. Have no consequences what so ever and basically had no point except to possibly introduce a new concept to the lore (like Stargate time travelling due to solar flares).
It was cancelled before the second half of season 2 was even given a chance. And the second half of season 2 is the best part of the entire series. That's where the Novus episodes are, the majority of the drone episodes...the entirely best part of the series aired after it was cancelled. Everything people complained about in Season 1 was fixed, but Sci-Fi never gave it a chance to prove that it could fix the problems that people had with it.
To be fair, yes. Stargate SG-1 was switched to Sci-Fi in Season 7. After one season they greenlit Atlantis. Atlantis lived 5 seasons. And while it was arguably cancelled for no apparent reason, they still also greenlit Universe later, which lived another 2 years. Stargate as a franchise lived for 6 years on Showtime. It lived for 11 on Sci-Fi. I hate Sci-Fi as much as the next guy (mostly because they don't show Sci-Fi anymore), but they helped Stargate thrive.
Because they didn't want him working for the government anymore, they wanted him working for them in essentially black ops that had no real government.
&gt; Enterprise had so much potential, but tried to do some things that were just too...out there. The Xindi, for example. I could never buy the idea of 5 completely different warp-capable species evolving together on the same world. I disagree with you. The entire idea of 5 completely different warp-capable species evolving together on the same world does seem out there, but anything is possible in an infinite universe. It's also not completely impossible that the race that created the Expanse had a hand in their development and made them as a tool to fight the Federation and humanity. Don't forget that a lot of the Enterprise plotline deals with time travel and the temporal cold war. When dealing with that, nothing is impossible. &gt; And where are they in the TNG era? They're obviously very close to Earth in terms of what TNG-era ships can do. Where were the B'Saari and Denobulans? Vulcan ships? Plenty of things not mentioned or seen in prior series'. In fact, one episode in Enterprise has people from a race that's only mentioned in name in the original series, and never actually seen before then. Just because they're warp-capable doesn't mean that they should be around in Federation space or dealing with the Federation. After the Expanse was negated, the Xindi could have easily all left, going separate ways and deciding to go to a different Quadrant of space in an attempt to get away from everything that happened. Just because they're not around doesn't mean anything.
At least I know not to watch Falling Skies now. Was interested in it, too.
Because in your mind, you're logically thinking about it and how it makes no sense, so you're bothered even further by the fact that you feel the way you do without being able to understand why, explain it, or do anything about it.
So, I know nothing about this theory other than what you've said in this post. My thoughts: &gt; Weird shit happens in Nowhere without Courage being able to see it or even know that anything is happening. I don't see how these things can be from Courage's perspective seeing how he isn't there to observe these events happening. Well, if the idea is that it's from Courage's perspective, it could always be that he's imagining what *could have happened* to cause the results that he observes. Embellishing is a common story-telling tactic to make a story more interesting. So he's embellishing. &gt; Courage goes on car rides into town and down deserted back roads in multiple episodes. If memory serves correctly, the way he sits in the car allows him to see out of the window. If he only knows what he's seen, and in these car rides they're surrounded by vast fields of nothingness, chances are that there's nothing around their property. Going by the rules of this theory, that part of the theory debunks itself. Going from my earlier comment, the idea is that the episodes are stories from Courage after the fact. If that's the case, then everywhere that looks like "Nowhere" is simply because it wasn't interesting enough to remember. There's nothing of note between town and the house, and so as a result there's nothing in his re-telling. It's not important, so he doesn't remember, so it doesn't get into the story. Just random conjecture based on the information you provided about the theory.
It would also explain why there's a map to a person who intentionally went into Exile and supposedly doesn't want to be found.
This except it being poison instead...in an attack that I shouldn't have gotten hit by in the first place. Especially if the poison is super poison, where you lose like 20 more health by the time you get up.
In one of my first High Rank runs ever playing MHF2, I died from a Congalala's old run and jump back combo. What he'd do is charge at you, and then the second he hit you, he'd jump back, then charge again. He'd repeat this multiple times. The problem is that when he executes it properly, it's timed perfectly so that you get up and immediately get hit again. If you're not good enough to be able to perfect dodge the charge (which I wasn't at the time, I had just started playing), you'll get comboed multiple times and there's really nothing you can do about it. So I died from this combo hitting me three times in a row from full health. I find him after getting back. I shoot him once with a Lv.1 Charge Arrow. He dies. He was literally ONE SHOT from death. Probably at 5 health or lower. It was such a crappy death to me because of how insanely close he was to death.
At this point, I'd be more surprised if it weren't intentional at least 80% of the time.
The whole, "Once in a while, humanity needs a reboot," line makes no sense if he intends to only take out a city.
&gt; Edit: a lot of people are telling me "Don't enter the intersection until you can see a space large enough for your vehicle behind that truck." Anyone saying that has never driven in that type of traffic or has one of those very high up trucks (probably with those obnoxious looking gigantic tires) where that issue would never happen. In a normal car, there's unfortunately situations where you just can't realize that you're not going to get through the intersection until you're too far in to stop without blocking traffic. Sometimes the traffic looks like it's flowing acceptably and then all of a sudden, after you're a third of the way into the intersection, every stops dead. Now you're fucked, in the middle of the intersection with absolutely nothing you can do about it. Also, don't ever forget the asshole who leaves a car length infront of him because he's too lazy to move forward when he knows that he's not getting anywhere by doing so. So, you *could* clear the intersection...if that asshole moved forward just a little bit.
Honestly, there's almost no chance it's actually Felicity. That scene being the mid-season finale scene was clearly a bait scene. I'd actually be annoyed if it were Felicity, and not because of it being Felicity but just because of how terrible that entire scene was.
I would like the flashbacks, if they weren't a ridiculous way to shoe-in relevance between the two storylines. Season 3 was by far the worst. "Oh, this really terrible deadly virus that was secretly unleashed in Hong Kong 5 years ago AND the people that helped you fight it even though you were supposed to be on an island for those 5 years are all somehow coming back into your life at this exact moment so that it can connect the two plotlines." It's bullshit.
Reference for those who don't know about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB2yRlqfDnM Although it's kinda hard to hear, I can see how it was missed.
It could definitely easily be "Hey". I could just be hearing "Carrie!" because that's what I'm expecting to hear.
Ex-coworkers used to do this every day. They'd open it with 1 or 2 seconds left, and then leave that number there. So annoying. The worst part is that when I came into the office I would use the microwave's time to determine what time it was...and I'd always get a bit confused at first because the number made no sense in relation to a time.
Probably not, because there's the other two people still on the elevator that are not sneaking. But I bet they wouldn't fire at you.
That guy is such a prick, he deserves it.
&gt; The gap between 3 and 4 is only 19 years You know...I never really thought about this before...but it really makes the whole idea that nearly everyone thinks the Force is fake/a myth after Episodes I - III really weird to me. That implies that *every single bit* of Jedi influence has been completely removed from the entire galaxy to the point that no one remembers it in anything other than as fairy tales, which is a tad absurd to me. Even in Episode VII, it seems a tad far-fetched that the majority of people would consider The Force or Jedi to be fairy tales.
Only when it's an old Chinese Couple that run the store.
To be fair, considering many types of improperly prepared sushi can kill you...I don't think anyone is looking down on them purely on the fact that no one is dead yet. Unless they've done fucked up and killed someone. But at that point they're probably not a sushi chef anymore.
It's probably because you're not really processing the source information. It's literally just going in your eyes and going out your fingers, and never really reaching your brain because you just don't give a shit and want to get it over with.
Probably for the "surprise" of him surviving later...which was not only obviously going to happen (he seemed way too important from minute one of the movie to die there), but was poorly done in the first place. They showed him in the X-Wing...but you could barely recognize him. And then they hugged later like they're brothers (even though they only met each other for like 30 minutes prior)! My whole reaction to the scene was "Oh there he is," when I got the feeling it was supposed to be, "YEAH HE'S ALIVE!"
It's fun. And by fun I mean hellish. The job I had last year I had 5 "Project Managers" to tell me what to do. Sometimes I felt like I was a bean ball being tossed between people as they continually told me what to do, sometimes it was conflicting information, too. Seriously when the admiral has no idea what he's doing and issues seven captains to one ship, the ship sinks, and it sinks hard.
&gt; But everyone in the middle has access to it and can read it? Pretty much. I'm pretty sure that the Tor browser encrypts outgoing data, though, (most likely getting decrypted by the final node, but I don't know off hand, I've never really used Tor or cared about it). So at most, in the example above, Britney *might* be able to read it, but John, Alex and Mohammed have no chance unless they can decrypt it, which is a pretty difficult thing to do without the decryption key. Basically, they never open the envelope, but there's a post-it note on it saying where it goes next, so they just send it on its way.
The problem is that the person in charge of my old company had no fucking idea what he was doing, and we only had "Project Managers". And out of 25-30 people, 5 of them were "Project Managers." And none of them wanted to do any actual work because they were "managers".
I don't use RES, and am too lazy to look at the address before I click most of these links. When it's a YouTube video, I just close it instantly. It's essentially the same thing. I don't have the time or care to watch a YT video, even if it's only 5 seconds long.
People care about YT recommendations?
&gt; But PayPal decided that I was at fault for selling this "fake" item and he got to keep it. Total bullshit. See I don't get how that's legal, and probably the most frustrating thing I hear about on more than a few accounts. If I buy a guitar neck at a physical store, or even a regular online store, and think it's fake, I still have to return it to get my money back. How is PayPal allowed to just return the buyer's money AND not force the buyer to return the item, regardless of what that is? PayPal does several fishy things that are insane that they haven't been sued out of commission at this point. I feel like a class action lawsuit is waiting to happen for them. They're going to fuck with the wrong person one day and they're going to bite back. I hope it's in the two digit billions, because it's fucking ridiculous.
I've seen this comment multiple times...and from everything I can see, it wouldn't have made it even. Andy had just died. Skuj was in the middle of a boss fight that takes a while to get to. He probably lost several minutes (far more than you'd lose from just resetting, since he had just died). The only way they could have made that fair was to wait for Skuj to get to the same boss fight before Andy could be allowed to continue. But no one was going to do that, because Andy was clearly the favorite in that run (plus putting everything on pause for a long period of time kinda kills the hype of the run). I had to go out at the mid-point during this run...now I'm not really interested in finishing it.
Some people just don't care/want to be identified with their donation, either. I think $1,000 is probably the perfect donation for a semi-rich person (someone who isn't really worried about money) who is interested in the event/the cause. They might not want their name/info broadcasted, though. Especially since $1,000 donations are almost always read. I can understand the want to make it anonymous.
You can say that Anakin saved Palpatine out of fear of Padme dying, and not because he had turned to the Dark Side. Once Padme died anyway, he realized that at that point he had no other course of action.
&gt;1991 winner Amy Marie Dimak was a molecular biotechnology researcher before having three kids and then becoming a nurse. That seems like a weird career change to me.
There's a big difference because when a cyclist is in an accident due to their breaking of the law, they get seriously injured or killed. When a driver breaks the law and gets into an accident, there's usually just some damage to their car, which they have insurance specifically to fix, and pay any potential medical bills from minor injuries. There's no bike insurance. The problem is that it creates a completely different mentality.
The big difference is that in any other software scenario, people are fully capable of adding anything they want to the software. If I want to add something to my Windows PC, if I can write it, I can do it. Period. I can write a program to completely implode my computer, if I really wanted to. And Microsoft won't do anything to stop me. I might get a couple of warning from the PC telling me it's a really bad idea to do what I'm about to do, but that's about it. If Microsoft later does it, then fine, but at least if they don't do it the same way I wanted or the same way I did it, I can overwrite their changes and go back to the way I wanted it in the first place. This isn't the case with Apple. The f.lux developers attempted to get f.lux on iOS for quite some time, and practically pleaded with Apple to get it done...and Apple said, "Fuck off." Then, mysteriously, some time later, an iOS update just happens to have it? C'mon. They flat out deliberately made sure f.lux would never thrive because Apple wanted to implement it themselves so that core iOS looks better. No one prevented you from adding a toaster into your Honda if you really wanted to. No one prevented me from doing anything to my Windows PC or Android Phone if I really wanted to. But Apple deliberately prevented f.lux from being on iOS so that they could take the idea for themselves. That is shady as hell.
&gt; I have met way too many degree and master degree qualified "developers" who are absolutely shit to think degrees work in any way. Agreed. When I was in school, most of my classmates had no idea what they were doing in the advanced level classes...and then they graduate and get jobs where they're completely winging it and have no real passion for software development (and only went in for the pay). A lot of the people I've worked with in the past had absolutely no idea what they were doing. Their code was shit, hard to read, and unmanageable. Their degree didn't make them good at their job, and I question how much they really learned getting that degree, because they make mistakes I learned to avoid when I was 14 (like naming every variable in the entire program a single letter from the alphabet starting with a).
Except I had given them permission on Day 1. The second they said that there was an issue with my gallbladder I asked if I needed it. They said no. I said take it out. I can't sue them if I gave them permission to do it. Plus, I had to fight with my insurance company to even get them to pay, because there was no medical reason for me to be in the hospital for 4 days for a gallbladder operation. So much bullshit for a single operation.
&gt; Wait no. If it was, then you would have berated me with "deals" and told me the human eye can only see 30fps. People at GameStop try to pull that shit? Surprised they don't say 24fps, and then try to give the bullshit about how that's why movies are filmed like that and all that bullshit.
There was a thread about a year or so ago, where someone [claimed that they] had a tape of the original airing of the episode, and it had Nibbler's shadow on it. I also believe that there were several interviews where the creators mentioned that they knew that Nibbler (or one of his race) would play some role in regards to Fry's freezing, but they didn't know what at the time. The whole Brain Sphere episode was planned much later, but the idea of Fry being frozen for a reason was supposedly planned from the beginning.
I don't even understand how an inquiry of, "Give me my last order's details" is even considered legitimate. Why would I contact support for that, ever? I can log into my account and check. It has all the details. Someone contacting support asking for that information screams phishing to me.
One of the sides of the tail cuts off. But it has some of the highest HP a tail can have, similar to Rajang's tail. You'll have to spend the entire fight focused on it, and I would recommend going after the tip to ensure it counts toward the tail cut.
You have to roll into the enemy to activate the Aerial Jump. Basically, the jump part of the roll is a literal first jump. If you hit an enemy or even another player, you'll jump up off of them into the air.
&gt; If we're going by Greed Mode, double Ragman in either the Basement or Caves ( I can't remember if they can spawn on the Basement) wins the bullshit award by far. It's usually triple Ragman if you go after the Devil Deal in the Basement. I seem to get that way too much.
I guess you've never heard the story of the developers who made Game Dev Tycoon. The game, when pirated, worked perfectly fine. Until you went to release your first game. Every game you release failed because of piracy. Pirating was the only way to get that reason for a failed release. So the developers knew exactly who had pirated when they started complaining on forums about how they could never successfully release a game. For quite some time no one realized that this anti-piracy existed. It's absolutely hilarious. Also the Serious Sam 3 Developers added an invincible Man-Scorpion enemy to the first level that was super fast and would just follow you around and kill you (it didn't appear until about half way through the level, when you get the Pistol). Basically...smart developers go toe-to-toe with Internet pirates, and win enough that it's absolutely amazing.
&gt; I think it really took off at the Siege of the North, and that is where Zuko begins to get fleshed out more as a character. I need to watch this show again soon. I think it's a little earlier, in The Blue Spirit. Although Zuko dons the mask specifically so that he can prevent Zhao from being the one to bring in the Avatar, the little conversation Aang has with him afterward makes it apparent that there's more to Zuko than meets the eye.
His whole hatred towards kids was introduced from the very beginning and is one of the major points of development for Picard entirely. It's also basically the only use Wesley's character was by the end, because it helped Picard deal with the fact that he was going to have to work on a starship with families and children, and he wasn't a fan of children (I believe he states that they have no place on a starship, which is technically true). He develops into dealing with situations he doesn't necessarily like, which helps him become a better captain overall.
He grows up in two separate spots. In early Season 2 Angel he does a lot of growing up in regards to not being so stuck up (he's pretty stuck up in Season 1 Angel still). But the serious growing up for his character is when he gets his throat slit, and then immediately afterward in the hospital Angel starts suffocating him screaming that he's going to kill Wesley while being dragged away by the nurses. All of his friends abandon him, and he learns how to continue fighting the good fight while being a normal human with normal abilities and nothing special what so ever. He's a ***significantly*** different person from that point on.
One of the most interesting takes on the medieval type fantasy settings was in *The Wheel of Time*. Have you read it? [MASSIVE Wheel of Time Spoilers](#b "It's shown that the world in that franchise is *after* a basically apocalyptic event in which vastly superior technological knowledge was lost and everything returned to the Dark Ages 3,000 years before the story begins. It's also alluded to that it's actually the future of our current world (with artifacts that resemble real-life objects, like a Mercedes car logo). Magic is discovered and everything gets exponentially better for a while. Then some magical people do some stupid shit and all hell breaks loose as a result. I like this take on the concept. Magic improves the world beyond what technology is capable of, until they take it too far and fuck up on a colossal scale.")
It's easier to make it seem like it's more widespread because it's very easy to broadcast about every single crime that ever happens. Fifty years ago, if someone blew someone else's brains out in Istanbul, no one in the US would know, and it's likely they wouldn't even know what Istanbul was. Today, if someone shoots someone else's toe off in Istanbul, it's on the News as the greatest act of violence in the last fifteen minutes and the media makes sure you know that that poor stupid son of a bitch got his toe shot off.
In an anime I watched, Code Geass, a side antagonist named Mao gets the ability to read minds. At first, he can selectively choose which minds to read, but as his ability matures he stops being able to control it. He basically goes insane because when he's near people, he literally hears all of their thoughts, all the time, without end unless he gets out of range of them. I can't imagine a worse living hell.
&gt; Everyone seems to expect perfection. I think the problem is that there's a lot of bias towards characters like Bastion where you can do basically nothing and "wreck the enemy". Mei is a high skill character that requires you to know what you're doing to be able to use her, and when you don't use her well you can hurt your own team. It's definitely a hard thing to get used to and use well, but I think as the game gets older we'll start seeing really good Meis and the bitching will reduce dramatically when that happens.
Except I've read every lease I've ever signed in full and none of them say, "We're allowed to do whatever the fuck we want and our negligence causing your property to get stolen isn't our problem." Burden of Proof is on me, of course, but the lease isn't some magic document that means that they can do whatever the hell they want and are absolved of all responsibility.
That's a blanket clause to cover when someone breaks into the place and steals. However, negligence is a completely different ball field and if I can prove negligence then that blanket statement won't save them. When you have the ability to prevent a crime like robbery before it even happens and willingly don't, like by not replacing locks when a new tenant moves in, you're responsible for the result. I would win a lawsuit under these conditions regardless of blanket statements in my lease unless it specifically went over not replacing locks, which no legitimate lease would ever do.
Why would Jon and Sansa fight for the Iron Throne? This is the first time I've heard this theory and with the information I've seen I don't understand the basis of it. Jon's goal is to defend the north from the White Walkers he knows are coming. Sansa's goal is to retake Winterfell and slaughter the Boltons who raped her and did all kinds of other horrible things to her. Neither have an objective of the Iron Throne right now, and neither have. Sansa may want to get revenge against the Lannisters, but I don't see her aiming for the Iron Throne. She may be like Arya and have a list of people she wants dead, but she'll go Littlefinger mode and fuck them backhandedly, but even after that I *still* don't see her trying to take the throne for herself.
Thank you. It's been years since I saw this scene so I don't remember at all either.
This could mean multiple things. - The eyes of the people she will kill. The most literal interpretation. Eyes you'll shut forever implies she kills those with those eyes. - The eyes of the faces she will wear. She'll shut them forever because she'll stop using those faces, thus those eyes will never look again. - Someone mentioned that in the books Jaqen has multi-colored eyes. It's possible that prolonged usage of faces alters your eye colors, at which point this would be an interesting interpretation. She sees brow eyes, blue eyes, and green eyes all staring back at her because her eyes become all of those colors at once. Eyes you'll shut forever could simply be a second foreshadowing indicating deaths she will partake in. The important part here is since Arya is in such a dire situation, we can hope this also means that Arya will survive to meet Mel again. But Mel has been wrong before.
It's possible it's not even a merge. Just because GRRM insists it's not true doesn't mean it's not true. He could just not want to ruin the surprise. He could like seeing people theorycraft even if they're wrong and lied to keep it going. He could just be a bastard and wants to see the world burn as they try to figure it out. We really don't know. Just like how they said Jon was dead and gone, but wasn't. Don't believe everything you hear. Besides, in the show, how can you say they "poorly" merged two characters when one was not part of the equation at any single point in time until now? It's not like they had Coldhands running around for days then go, "Oh he's Benjen."
Considering one of the top posts is "Child with smallpox" I noped the fuck out of there.
&gt; I was on IV Dilaudid (synthetic heroin). My boss brought in a laptop (the hospital had wifi) and told me to get work done during my stay. I’m a Controller (Accountant). Trying to run numbers while hopped up is impossible. Douche grade “A”. The second he wanted you to work while you were in the hospital he no longer had any right to force you to take vacation days. You were no longer off. That's bullshit. The making you take the vacation in the first place thing is very dickish, but nothing unsurprising considering the amount of time he would be, in theory, losing you for. But once that laptop appeared that shit is out the window.
Everything's so green and not destroyed...it looks weird.
Frontier is a Subscription game, that's true. However I believe that it's F2P up to HR100 now. Should give an idea of how insanely grindy the game is. But unless you're speaking from experience, I doubt anyone has gotten banned specifically because they were using a VPN. I played the game for like 3-4 years and was never banned or even had the fear. I've played *multiple* JP MMO's (which are almost all IP blocked, by the way), and have never faced a ban from using VPNs. Is it possible? Sure, technically the game is for residents of Japan only. Will it happen? Almost a 0% chance. If you get banned it will far more likely be because you did something you shouldn't have been doing than because you used a VPN. The reason why VPNs are not a reason to fear banning is because although the game is only for residents of Japan, there's no reason they should assume that because you're using a VPN it means you're not a resident. They have no way to prove you're not using a VPN for a different reason, and unless it's a very public VPN they can't even tell you're using a VPN without a through investigation that quite frankly isn't worth the time or effort unless you're causing problems (and ultimately means you got banned for a different reason).
&gt; It still has a shitload more hoops to jump through than just going on steam, paying once, and installing. It definitely does, no question there. It used to be worth it but the game is so insanely grindy now I would never recommend it. &gt; Seems like i've been a victim of the vocal Minority then. Most everytime i've tried to look into getting MH:F its been completely sub based, and people using trusted PAID vpn's were being DC'd consistantly and even more were being banned because JP caught on to them, or other players reported them. In the 3-4 years I played, I never heard of anyone getting banned for using a VPN. It might have happened...or far more likely they were running around lobbies yelling racial slurs and being stupid. Much like PSO2's Ship 2 shenanigans when the game first launched in Japan. People made themselves targets and then blamed the fact that they were using VPN's when they eventually got banned for acting like jackasses. In Japanese MMOs, it's all about etiquette. Etiquette is very important in their culture. When you follow it, nothing bad happens. When you don't, you get reported by players which leads to investigations which can lead to getting banned. I know there was a paid VPN that was multiple servers, and the servers themselves could get IP blocked, and so the server eventually got shut down and a new one was created. It happened frequently and was frustrating to deal with if a server got blocked while you were playing. But at this point in time, that's not an issue anymore with cloud services, where you can use a private instanced server based in Japan as your proxy.
Nintendo has been doing a lot to get its consoles to succeed recently. If only the Wii U wasn't a piece of shit, it'd be awesome. But the 3DS certainly has gotten a lot of great games because of them recently, including Monster Hunter and now Dragon Quest. I can't complain. If they want to support us getting the good games, then I more than welcome them to do so. I wouldn't be surprised if Dragon Quest VII and VIII are only coming to the US because of Nintendo.
It's nice to know that they removed the SR system, it was honestly pretty trash. Reranking on every weapon type individually was insanely unfun. Even so, requiring HR999 is still pretty bad, even if they increased HRP rates (I bet there's a few weekly quests that give a ton?). Even the SR system only required 500 to unlock. &gt;They included armour spheres which basically replaces many of the items needed to upgrade equipment's, so that cuts like 80% of the grind. What, you didn't enjoy grinding Rathalos High Rank Scales like crazy for those armor pieces that needed a ton of them but you got very few every run and no one cared to do him? Honestly, even with these changes, even if there was only typical MH grind, I wouldn't be able to recommend the game. The new engine with Tri, and especially the changes in 4, made that old engine extremely dated. I know they've done a lot to keep it up to par, but it's just not the same. Add on the new styles in Generations...anyone who's used to all that stuff won't be able to go back. I honestly think they need to make Frontier 2 at this point, that old Dos engine is too dated no matter how much you modify it. Even MHO isn't that great when you compare it to Generations. MHO looks really nice and has a few flashy moves, but that's all it really has going for it; it still has the feel of an older MH game.
In the DS version, I know there's portraits with their faces on it, especially in battle. I don't remember if the hair color changes with that portrait, though.
To be fair, Nera gets married to her childhood friend or whoever (I forget the guy's name or background) if you marry Bianca, while Bianca dies old and alone at her father's farm if you marry Nera.
Surprised you were able to beat the fake queen with just the Hero and Harry. That boss hits hard as hell.
Third'd the Suikoden suggestion. Suikoden II is one of my favorite games of all time (closely followed by DQV), and the connections between all three games are phenomenally done.
They'll probably show up later on, when recruiting to fight the White Walkers, but I agree. I think the Game kind of storyline is over for Dorne. Which is good, it wasn't really that great to have. It didn't provide anything of value and overall it was an additional set of new characters we didn't need because they had no relevance to anything else.
Yeah, you can't expect the writing to be on par 24/7. Even the books aren't perfect. I remember all the complaints two seasons ago about how utterly boring and slow Bran's trip to the Weirwood tree was in the books.
&gt; and he gets the girl? He doesn't, that's the point. She was looking for sex, and basically that's it. She specifically mentions how she only went with him because he wasn't complicated (IE: He knew it was just for sex and not a relationship). Also, if I remember correctly, they stop it in the same episode.
The thing about Laurel's death... Even though everyone hates it, they all forget the part where, months prior, they were all complaining about Sara's resurrection and how "death has no meaning on this show." As much as Season 4 sucked ass, the one thing they promised, and actually delivered on, was that the death shown at the beginning of the season with the grave scene was final, and that there would be no take-backsies. Going back on that is going to ruin the little credibility they have left. I'm not happy that they killed Laurel either. I've never really read the comics, but Laurel felt like the least expendable character of the group. But it doesn't change the fact that everyone insisted they kill someone and keep it final, and when they did, because it wasn't who they liked they suddenly went full reversal and are insisting that that person be revived, in complete contrast to what they wanted in the first place. When you're that much of a flip-flopper, you shouldn't be surprised when no one listens to your other arguments.
Or they just think it will do well because it's a spin off based on a *very* popular franchise (Minecraft). Much how we most likely got DQH because it's a spin off based on Dynasty Warriors, which similar spin offs have gotten pretty good success with recently (like the Zelda one). We haven't gotten a DQ game that plays like DQ in quite some time, and there hasn't been a short supply of them.
You might be able to get it on Hulu the day after it airs on TV, but I don't know if SyFy has a deal with them for that. That's how I keep up to date on other shows like The Flash and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
There's actually a slightly higher subscription fee to get rid of ads now. Honestly compared to the price of paying for cable, it doesn't bother me too much.
Thank you. I love Mei but the last thing she needs is a nerf. Her Ult easily counterable, is on the difficult side to aim unless it's a spot directly in front of you, and she gives a warning message when she uses it. I see people watch me lob it at them and continue to stand where they were or in the same general area, then complain about the fact that they got killed because my Ult froze them and it was unfair. No. It's not unfair. There's tons of warning for it, you just didn't pay attention. No one does. It's not instantly killing like Junkrat's is so they don't pay attention to it.
After freezing you just enough so you can watch them do it.
I think you mean how badly Nick treated Korra.
Yeah, agreed completely, and why I seriously don't think she'll die. But it doesn't change the fact that that scene scared the shit out of me cause I thought she was going to die. And sadly, she still could.
Why would Jamie ever help Sansa, though? It makes no sense.
She ***tore*** that congresswoman apart. It was so fucked up.
Even Tom looked mortified when he left that room later.
Tom definitely had a, "Oh my fucking god what just happened," look on his face after they did the deed.
And now everyone except the minor roles are typecasted to hell and back with their GoT roles. Not necessarily a bad thing but it has hurt actors in the past.
I need to rewatch after this season. I legitimately do not remember that at all.
Arya + Nymeria is a pretty big one for book readers because she's warging into Nymeria during her sleep in the books. For the show, Nymeria hasn't even been mentioned in five seasons except in very small tidbits that aren't important.
Very unlikely. Littlefinger is more in love with Sansa (because she reminds him of Caitlyn) than anything else. According to the show runners, he had no idea what he was handing Sansa to when he gave her to the Boltons. It's unlikely that he has any negative intentions of that scale toward her.
I wouldn't call that plummeting. I would call it a decrease.
I love that the Rowd fight is beatable, even if it doesn't change the story. It makes me a little sad that there's a similar fight in Suikoden III, but you can't win instead (the enemies just have infinite health). When I was playing III for the first time, I was stuck on this fight for a while because I was keeping my health up but the enemy would never die. I ended up looking it up and finding out that you have to lose, and was disappointed at the wasted potential.
1 introduces a lot of the characters you see in 2, and it makes 2 more meaningful when certain characters appear because of this. It's especially interesting to see certain characters that were your ally in 1 as enemies in 2. Story wise, 2 is very much a sequel to 1, and while it's not necessary to have played 1, it dramatically improves the story if you have. 1 does a lot of universe building that 2 pretty much assumes you already know, like what the deal is with True Runes and such. That being said, gameplay wise 1 has basically nothing new. A lot of the systems are less refined. If I remember correctly, Suikoden 1 was a launch release for the PSX, and it shows. Suikoden 2 was released much later and has much more polish. I will admit that some of the stuff after Luca is slow, but that's the point. The game is about a war and that war is basically on a hiatus while both sides recover from the ordeal that was Luca Blight's reign of terror. The biggest problem in the game has to do with getting to and from Gregminster, which is the last area you visit before the battle with Luca. The forest path to Gregminster is long and tedious, and if I remember correctly you can't use any items to exit it easily. Unfortunately if you're going for 100% you'll go through this area way too many times, which can be boring when you're not even interested in the encounters because they stopped being difficult a while ago.
The majority of the time when I face off against a McCree, if he's already used his Flashbang, I almost always win. Sometimes I hit a good aimer, but most of the time people are unable to keep up with such close range tracking and spam their shots but miss most, which is more than enough time to murder him.
I think the idea is that there will be 5 Barry's, as someone has to stop Season 2 Flash from stopping Nora from being killed.
Alright so I have a problem withe Season 1 Flash disappearing into nothingness. What happened to the whole Time Remnant concept? Shouldn't Season 1 Flash be a Time Remnant whose timeline has been removed from existence? But for no apparent reason, he disappears. This is contrary to the concept of Zoom/RF where they can pick up themselves from other timelines because those timelines are doomed (which is exactly what Season 1 Flash's timeline is right now).
Never said I needed Cryo Freeze to beat McCree, and in fact Cryo Freeze doesn't even remotely assist against McCree unless you can accurately predict when the McCree will use Flashbang because Flashbang's stun prevents usage of Cryo Freeze and McCree should be able to hit every shot of his clip if he's stunned you which will kill a Mei from full health. &gt; Frankly if you think Mei is as good as McCree close range you haven't been fanned enough. Both characters CDs being up, McRee should cause Mei to run with her wall if not die. I've had very little issue taking out McCree's in CQ when it's a pure 1v1 with only non-cooldown attacks. Once in a while I lose, I'm not going to lie and say I always win, but my kill rate in this kind of scenario is significantly higher than my death rate. Maybe I've only really played against bad McCree's, it's not impossible. Considering his OP tier status that people give him, it's obvious a lot of people will flock to him regardless of skill level, and that may have an effect on the results. However, I can't really give input on something I can't confirm one way or another, I can only speak of my experience with this pair up.
Most people don't understand that defense lawyers are a foundation that the country's trial system was fundamentally based on. Are there slimy ones that will, for god only knows what reason, do some borderline illegal things and definitely unethical things to get their clients off? Sure, but you'll find similar people in every single field there is. The only difference is when they fuck someone over, they basically do it to their face. Meanwhile a corrupt CEO or Lobbyist does it from an armchair. There are fucked up people everywhere, in every role. And then there are people who are just trying to do what's right, but they get flak by association.
Actually, it doesn't matter. You've downloaded the picture just by going to the page. 2 years.
I know you can, but that doesn't mean I understand why you ever would.
&gt; Is this an issue you feel he will proactively seek resolve? Will he take action towards legislation? Unlikely. I suspect it's simply a topic he touched on because he had to and he was pretty damn vague intentionally.
I still don't understand how this is considered by anyone to be counting. &gt; You can use it, but if you get it to use, you're going to jail. So....I can't use it? &gt; No, no, you can use it. You just can't have it. How can I use it if I can't have it? &gt; You can't.
Don't feel too bad. It was ruined almost immediately by everyone and everywhere. I used to play MapleStory back then. It wasa megaphone'd in the first like hour. A gathering for an event had it spammed non-stop. It was probably the first major thing spoiled by the Internet at such a scale.
They should have shown the sword actually come down. She does one of those fake swings and then the camera cuts away. It was shot in a way that felt like they intentionally wanted us to believe that Stannis could have survived. In fact, I saw a theory a few days or weeks ago that said that it was done intentionally because the books hadn't shown his outcome yet, and they were hoping that the book would release indicating it before they started the next season. If true, that would give a decent explanation as to why they didn't show him dead. They intentionally gave us hope...just so they could take it away. D&amp;D are Zoom.
He can only change something that he has already changed. It's something that's already happened, he just hasn't done it yet. This means that he can't revive Robb. But things that have already happened he could have caused. He caused Hodor's seizure, but he didn't do it because he knew it was going to happen. He can't go, "I hate that my dad is dead!" and change the past, unless he was already going to do that, which he didn't so he won't. It's a closed loop time travel scenario, which can be pretty confusing, but ultimately everything we've seen has already happened and cannot be changed, even by Bran.
I don't think either are genuine. The only one who might have been was Sanders, but he's basically lost at this point so it doesn't matter what he may or may not have done. Trump loves sound bytes. He loves saying shit. He loves his own voice. He knows what people want to hear. He's constantly said what people want to hear to get the votes he needs to succeed. He's a master manipulator, and a billionaire. The billionaire part is important because it means no one can buy him off. This means that the only way we're ever going to see legalization with him in control is if he actually wants it. But does he? There's no way to know, because he'll talk out his ass for the next decade just to hear himself talk, and touch on every situation in existence and still not answer anything. Because that's the type of person he is. Clinton is a liar, a criminal, and a double crosser. We have absolutely no chance of ever getting anything in the people's favor with her in control. She's already been bought out, I'm not even sure how there are people who don't notice this. Legalization will never happen with her because she's not going to get paid to legalize. So do we have a better chance with Trump? Sure. But do we have a good chance with Trump? Probably not. Most likely he was talking out of his ass because he enjoys it and because it'll get him a few points to say nothing about it but appear as if he's saying something about it.
It's true. I had some lady flip out on me because I called her Ma'am. She insisted I was implying that she was old by calling her Ma'am. No, bitch, I just don't know your name and wanted to show some respect, something that's become abundantly clear you don't deserve.
&gt; Most people will deny it until the other person gives up, or get all defensive about how it was not a big deal. I'll go one step further. I've had people try to convince me why they're right even though it's been made abundantly clear that they're wrong. If it's something like a procedure or process (like at a job), they'll try to convince everyone that their illogical and incorrect method is better. It's the fucking worst, because there's always that guy who's against authority so they'll agree with this guy just to "stick it to the man" and as a result you end up in an actual argument, or worse, a meeting, over this kind of ridiculous bullshit, where you have one guy who uses the asshole as his backup for his bad argument.
It must be. I remember reading one of their posts since I moved, and that was only two months ago.
I had a Skyrim game spiral out of control because of animals being able to report crimes, it's so stupid. Ran into a couple on a mountain. They were assholes to me. So I killed them, as is typical in Sandbox games like this. Except I forgot to save beforehand, and hadn't saved in some time. I got a 1000 gold bounty because their horse saw it and ran off. I chased the horse through the woods, and finally took it out...but it was too late. I was close enough to the city that someone saw me kill the horse. Bounty increased...too much to just be able to pay it off. Now every guard in the universe wants me dead. Was a tad upset I couldn't just pay it off at that point. So I murdered every guard in the city. I got rid of the auto-aggression somehow, I guess everyone who would attack me was dead. I tried paying off the debt to the local Jarl. Only, he'd had enough of my shit. It was either go to jail for years, or fight him. So I tried to kill him. Except he was important, so he couldn't die. So I tried console commands. Except even with a 0 bounty...they still wanted me to go to jail. Was sad. I didn't want to redo all the stuff since my last legitimate save (was like an hour or so of playtime)...so I just stopped playing the save entirely. What a waste.
"Justic---ARGH!"
Yeah, "dps" and "wipe" are typically MMORPG terms (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game). Starcraft is an RTS (Real Time Strategy). DPS stands for Damage Per Second, typically important when trying to take out a boss or determining how good damage dealers are doing. Wipe stands for basically everyone died and you had to start over. If you wipe in Starcraft, you lost the match and there's no trying again because you're going to get wrecked by the enemy's forces if you haven't already.
I hate PotG anyway. It's a badly implemented mechanic. 95% of the time it just goes to whoever got the most consecutive kills in a short period of time. But that rarely makes the game a win for that team, unless it directly resulted in taking the point or victory. But often, I'll see a PotG go to a Bastion or Reaper that got two or three kills in a row, but then did nothing else. Meanwhile, I've shut down an entire point grab for 30+ seconds, and it doesn't count even though those 30 seconds were in overtime and prevented an enemy victory. Hell, screw PotG, sometimes my own personal highlight doesn't catch that kind of play.
I wouldn't be surprised if Blizzard could rig the game to look at your network adapter's state, if they really wanted to do something about it.
I don't get the choice of Archangel. I mean, he's cool and all, but he has no real powers. He was the weakling of the four, by far. Psylocke didn't feel even remotely amped up after you saw her powers get "improved" by him, so I don't get that one either. For Storm, it felt more like he was unlocking her lightning abilities more than anything, but we didn't really get a good example of her pre-amping abilities at all. Magneto was the only one who definitely got supercharged, but he's also the only one we had a pre-charging basis for besides Archangel outside of those few seconds before they got charged.
&gt; Was the last fight, the only fight? I honestly cannot remember. It was pretty bad. It was the only fight. Which I think is part of the reason some people weren't happy with the movie. It's basically all story for about an hour and a half and little to no action. Similar to why people hated on Batman vs Superman so much (although BvS had less of a reason for so much story, because it was dragged out for sure). Psylocke, Storm, and Magneto only fight in the final fight. We get a very, very minor preview of Storm and Psylocke's powers when Apocalypse is recruiting them. Outside of that, they didn't do shit.
The Phoenix Force has always been its own tier of OP.
&gt; He doesn't (meaning they were just following him because they liked what he was saying),... I think he doesn't, but they were drunk with the power he gave them. The reason he wanted Xavier was because he would have gained the ability to control everyone with Xavier's powers. Take a look at each person who joined Apocalypse when they joined him. * Archangel - Angry, upset, and literally drunk due to being partially disabled due to the cagefighting. When Apocalypse repairs his wings, makes them better, AND makes them metal, he immediately thinks that this guy will help him get revenge for all the wrongdoing. He also buffed him, and thus he enjoys the new power. Archangel doesn't actually turn on Apocalypse either. * Storm - She's a thug. She's stealing money, probably to survive, and uses her mutant powers to assist her in doing this. Apocalypse comes by, gives her a massive boost, and as a result she finds a leader to follow. She's clearly never really had this before. But she turns on him because of what she sees from him when he starts to fail his plans. He's not a leader, he's just an asshole. Apocalypse's first response to seeing Archangel dead is, "What a waste." She realizes that he's not what she wants to follow, and she's convinced completely when she sees Magneto turn on him too. * Magneto - Apocalypse comes to Magneto immediately after the death of his family. He's broken, he's hurt, and a lot of people in that state just want to watch the world burn because that's how it feels to them. And that's what he starts doing. But when he sees that people who actually still care about him are about to die for no reason what so ever, he realizes that he still has people who really do care about him (something he most likely forgot entirely). He realizes he doesn't want to see more people he cares about die, so he rebels. * Psylocke - Gets drunk with power...and doesn't turn on Apocalypse. As much as I like Psylocke, she's insanely one-dimensional in this movie. &gt; ... and at the end of the film everyone just forgives magneto (and storm by association) for murdering millions of people and causing irreparable infrastructure damage. I'm not so sure that anyone realizes he was the cause of all the damage. From the audio news report we hear at the end of the movie, it appears that the only story that was told is that Magneto helped defend the world against Apocalypse, who was causing all the problems. Basically, the fact that Magneto was the one causing the magnetic disturbances was left out of the story intentionally. You know what really bothers me about this film though? How did they get that plane to the pyramid? That thing is made out of a lot of metal, yet is completely ignored by Magneto? I don't believe that for a second. The plane should have been destroyed before they had a chance to do anything.
&gt;(though if it's anything like the old movies, it'll be kinda creepy) Considering Jean is like ~18 years old if not younger in this movie while Wolverine is at least 60....yeah.
The funny thing is that I never really played WoW when it was apparently such a good game. A friend tried to get me to play it a few months back, and it's so dated I don't know how it's still alive. The only thing I can think of is that people are so fueled by nostalgia that they keep playing it even though it's ancient. It played clunky, there were missing textures (checked my files multiple times), it looked really old, and I had issues getting NPCs to appear to start the first questline (they were literally invisible until after I started it, so I had to guess at where they were based on the bad minimap). Hell, I play DFO and it feels less dated than WoW does, and DFO is nearly the same age and made by a developer no where near the scale of Blizzard. That's not to say the games that are often called WoW killers are any better. Their problem is that they are followers. They took the formula of WoW and attempted to "approve upon it". But that's not how you compete. The MMO's I've enjoyed are ones that are their own game. Ragnarok Online, DFO, and Dragon Quest X are all MMO's that are nothing like WoW and that's why they're fun. Games like WildStar, Tera, etc., clearly used WoW as their baseline and worked from there, which is why I never even hit cap in any of those games.
To be fair, what were they going to show? The area was pitch black, intentionally. That's how she won, by fighting blind. It wouldn't have felt right to have magic light so that we could see the fight. I'm more annoyed by the Blackfish's off-screen death.
&gt; Did different people write the episodes, with only the briefest of communication between them? It honestly feels like S6E7's Arya scenes were written by someone who was a novice with the lore and character, and somehow no one realized shit was messed up until it was too late to do something about it. Everything in S6E7 about Arya was off. It didn't make sense. I didn't buy most of the theories either, but she had no plan, nothing. She seriously thought master assassins wouldn't be mad that she intentionally mucked up a contract. Yet in the episode prior, it was clear she did. Then suddenly she didn't anymore? It doesn't make sense. The whole scene was off, and I don't know who is to blame but someone fucked up badly.
Not only that, but isn't one of Cersei's crimes incest? Wouldn't her being convicted of that confirm the "Cersei's kids are not Baratheon"? This would immediately dethrone Tommen. Tommen is literally nothing but a puppet being used by everyone else. He has no mind of his own at this point.
The only thing I really hope for is a fixed UI on PC. Everything else is unnecessary fluff, but that PC UI is total garbage without the SkyUI mod, and modding is a slippery slope for me so I try to avoid it.
Considering Milk of the Poppy is Opium, you could, in theory, say that she was as high as a kite and that's why she was able to do it without writhing in pain the entire time. But her being able to just prance away after talking to Jaqen was total bullshit. Right before that scene she was clearly in pain, clearly barely standing.
Arya's training only included the blindness because it was punishment for her disobedience.
For $2 billion, you can turn around and remake it...or work on the probably 6 billion other ideas you have. If you made the Rift, I guarantee you have other concepts you can't work on because of a lack of time and money. Neither of those things would be an issue anymore.
As someone who is still at work...what did I miss? As far as I can tell, it's just been Zelda and then Pokemon for, like, ever? Is that all there was?
I bought a Wii U for Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate. I played it for about 250-300 hours on the Wii U alone. I still feel like it wasn't worth it. The Wii U just doesn't have enough games. Even with this Zelda.
Unfortunately not much other than what /u/kaminzy posted, Legend of Grimrock 2 and Etrian Odyssey. Outside of that, older games are very common to have these kinds of mechanics (but more because they don't have a map at all). If I remember correctly, Ultima 7 and 8 are big ones for that, but it's been so long since I've played them I could be completely misremembering. It's unfortunately something you just don't see in recent titles.
So how is Peter Pan a children's story?
&gt; Well, in real life, something like that would probably knock you out. While wearing a helmet? How fast do *you* walk into signs? I would say dazed at most, even without a helmet.
Yeah, that's why I put "alt text" in quotes. It's technically title text, because it's set with the title attribute on the img tag, but they were referring to it as alt text.
If the Masters were in control of the Sons of the Harpy the whole time, then they most likely already knew, but were hoping to pretend like nothing was their fault until Tyrion called them out on it. They were hoping the city would collapse in on itself and they would waltz right in and take over, but when Tyrion proved capable of dealing with their shenanigans they realized they needed to just attack and get it over with.
I don't get this, though. Don't they want Dany out? The fleet being burned only solidifies that she's not going anywhere because she can't. They could have waited a few months and when she sailed away there would have been nothing to stop the masters from taking over again.
Hey, better than my search. All I got was apparently a car brand? I have no idea.
/r/nocontext
I always thought the men were just smooth down there. In all seriousness, though, I hate how much they stuff it down our throats (not literally, please for the love of god not literally). That scene with the actor kid who had his dick in the camera for like 15 seconds was completely unnecessary. But then again, I think that there's no need to have tits on the screen half of the time either, and they do it just because HBO says they have to. There's few scenes where it's fine, like in Littlefinger's brothel in the early seasons, but at this point it feels like there's nudity just because there needs to be nudity.
It's a fair point that the Masters wouldn't really know if/when she was going to leave. I guess I can see why they would burn all the ships without that knowledge.
They have autosave settings for when you change maps. But if I'm on the same map for a while and then the game crashes, all my progress is lost. I'm proposing a system where the game automatically saves after X period of time regardless of when you last changed maps.
Because they think it's fine to eat us. Seriously. Get knocked out in a pig pen, and those bastards will eat you alive they don't give a shit. A dog will eat you to survive, but a pig will eat you because you look mighty tasty. Hey, pigs are mighty tasty.
If they're so smart... It was a joke.
It's possible a degree can be superseded in the US by experience. But you need ***a lot*** of it. For example, a job that needs 2-3 years of experience with a degree they'll expect you to have at least 10 for the same position. Unless you can really prove yourself worth it, but often you never get that opportunity because you don't get the interview. You also can't legally get any "Engineer" position in the US because the title requires a US Degree, no way around it. But your title doesn't necessarily have to be Engineer related, unless it's a front-facing position.
As someone who mained bow in my JP playthrough of Generations...I felt like I was cheating on Adept Style. The other three styles didn't feel even remotely comparable to the insanely beneficial aggressive playstyle you can deploy when running Adept Bow. I will say though that there are some fights where it can hurt you. I was grinding for the Crimson Helmet Arzuros armor, and his swipe spam can wreck you if you dodge the first swipe, because he just doesn't stop and you can't cover enough distance to get away from him.
Malfestio is a weird fight when you first fight him. Nargacuga is definitely harder for newer players. The second you understand perfect dodging, Nargacuga is piss easy. Especially if you're running Adept with any weapon that gets Adept Dodge.
Yeah but they're pretty easy to avoid while Narga can cover the entire map pretty easily and if you have no idea that you can dodge *through* him then you would be hard pressed to find an opening.
Typically it's pretty fair to assume that unless the show specifically sets the time period it's occurring whenever the show aired.
The Buu Saga was honestly terrible. Because the bad guy was literally invulnerable. It was gigantic segments of power creep where the power creep literally did nothing at all and they have to get more creep. There's only so many times you can do, "LOL you thought that was going to kill me but I'm even more powerful than either of us thought!" and it was done to hell with Cell.
The Cell Games one is the one most commonly believed, but I think it's part of the fact that everything after it is terrible, especially how badly they fucked Gohan after he was such a badass at the end of the Cell Games and then he turned into a pussy.
If Rip tried to save Laurel before the Oculus was destroyed...what indicates that Laurel really can't be saved? How do we know the Time Masters weren't intentionally manipulating her death? Yet another flaw in his response. You know, aside from the fact that he gives a very vague reason for why Laurel has to die. "You all just magically die somehow, that's why."
I'll give you that, but the prologue to the prologue was literal character assassination of a fan favorite and the winner of the Cell Games.
Yeah, it's basically all resolved with the end of the sixth season. Then they force him to "go on one final assignment" and it's fucking terrible.
Didn't it take all 15 blocks?
&gt; I knew going into all of this that they were going to show up. So did I, but there was a HUGE worry that Jon and Co. would die. I could see that happening. He would die, then the cavalry would show up, so they still win but a bunch of the major characters were dead, leaving Sansa in charge.
Yeah, and they said the next two seasons will probably be less than 10 episodes each as, "the story approaches its end." They suggested 7 episode seasons for the last two seasons, and people kinda just started deciding that that's all there is left.
It was legitimately, "Oh fuck they're going to kill him. His army is way behind him. He's fucking dead and they're drawing it out just to make it worse." Then they save him. Then he starts getting trampled and suffocating under the dead bodies, and ***then*** the sad music starts.... They mind fucked us ***TWICE*** with his apparent death.
Davos was also stuck in the shield wall. He did a bad job. Ultimately I agree that Jon was an idiot because he did exactly what Sansa told him not to, and in the end it almost cost him everything.
I was trying to add a little more on what you were saying, because machotoast didn't seem to believe there were only 14 episodes left, and with the typical 10 episodes a season it seems a tad weird to be 14 left.
&gt; Game of thrones kills off main characters, but there is always a reason for it. If Jon died and lost the battle here the entire northern plot line since Sansa ran from Ramsey would have been meaningless No. Sansa was still going to win. Even if Jon died there, the Bolton army still would have been out in the field when Littlefinger's troops would appear. The Boltons still would have lost. Wun Wun still would have been able to break down the door, and Ramsay still would have lost. But it would have been a very bittersweet victory.
&gt; I got the feeling Sansa was in this entirely to get her house and revenge on Ramsey, and Jon was more focused on saving Rickon. That's exactly what it is. She even basically says that to Jon. She knew Rickon was dead. She accepted him as dead the second it was revealed that Ramsey had Rickon. But Jon didn't. Jon didn't know what Ramsey was capable of. So she knew that he was dead but Jon still had hope. Even after their talk, when he saw Rickon running toward them, he thought he had a chance. That hope was what Ramsey used against Jon. And it paid off. The only reason Jon survived was because of the surprise attack neither Jon nor Ramsey knew about.
Yeah I'm pretty sure his Shield Wall was his Archer battalion. They just never explicitly showed them switching.
&gt; Did Sansa say nothing to Jon of them? No, that's the whole problem. She never told Jon that more men could potentially be coming.
I don't remember the Bill Clinton soundbite, but the badger song is the most horribly retarded thing I've ever been remotely interested in. And I don't even know why I was. It wasn't good, like, at all.
Last time I saw him on screen I literally exclaimed, "How isn't he dead yet?!" At this point he's been revealed to be a liar and a crook so many times I don't know how someone hasn't poisoned him in his sleep yet. Or straight up decapitated him, even in the castle.
&gt; You have to really get into the mind of the original developer, and try to guess at why they do things the way they do. Understand their favorite anti-patterns and their tics. Last Friday, I saw some legacy code that was: if (some condition) { } else { actual result } It took me like 15 minutes to wrap my head around this concept, because it made no fucking sense to me. Why not just reverse the if statement?
&gt; It is still completely free today if you follow in their footsteps of not doing it. Yeah...except when you want a position out of an ever growing list of positions. There are quite a few career paths that you literally cannot get into without a degree (without extreme amounts of luck), regardless of how good you are.
