Dude, at least ten teams need to lose to get you guys in.
Somehow, I don't think life is the appropriate word here.
Based on what I know, Raiders and Chargers. Willingness of at least one of them to switch conferences, the league can force the Rams to switch too, and St. Louis has the only remotely logical stadium plan out of the three cities, which almost forces the owners' hand.
I dunno, I kinda thought it was a good idea. Can't put my finger on why, though...
You guys just had an aging quarterback who pushes his limits to dangerous extremes. The Colts' meltdown is plain dysfunction.
...Are those custom Cowboys jerseys?
...It was more because they botched it against the Patriots, really. I was just being an ass.
Well. We're fucked. Of course, that's assuming the Chiefs don't have their way with us first, 'cause God knows Houston can't stop 'em!
Realistically, I expect the Broncos to play the Steelers, and us to shit the bed against the Chiefs.
It literally depends on whether Dalton is healthy. Otherwise we're bound to a Chiefs loss.
Could you go into more detail about why Denver will beat Pittsburgh? I mean, besides Peyton, what's so different about the Broncos' offense between week 15 and the Divisional Round?
I dunno, I think we should be rooting for the Patriots to make it in. There would be the 31st and 32nd picks remaining for the draft, and we already lost our first-rounder, so the Patriots making it in would change nothing whether we win or lose. Which of course means Roger Goodell loses, plenty of reason to root for the Patriots.
Sound logic, except Jerry Jones has a history of glorifying problematic players.
I would also like to know what's so different about the Steelers' offense versus the Broncos' defense.
What do you mean by "another team?" Because the only thing I can think of is him building the stadium to sell the operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers with him owning the actual venue to use for concerts and whatnot, plus the shopping area around the stadium, but that's just crazy.
I'm just happy as long as the Patriots get there because it'll more or less negate our lost draft pick.
The difference is that Kraft actually *owns* the Patriots. I'm talking about Kroenke selling operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers.
This after the Wells Report determined the team itself had nothing to do with it! That's why I'll be pissed if we don't at least make it, because win or lose, it wouldn't change anything for the NFC team and would make Goodell look like an idiot.
Yes.
Ah, okay. The question though is if the league will let one owner own the stadium where two other teams play.
But there's a salary cap in the NFL, so assuming every team has the same money to spend, I don't see a problem talent-wise. Of course, it'd probably devalue the Raiders and Chargers by a fair bit, so...
I think Yoda mentioned it in Phantom Menace, though. "Only two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice." I may be paraphrasing, but the point is it's canon there's only two Sith.
Also, I believe most pre-Episode I EU material is still considered canon, if not all of it. It's just stuff past VI that's been phased out with The Force Awakens.
The way I understood it, most fans consider historical content still canon since it all comes before Phantom Menace. But I guess that's what I get for getting my info from TV Tropes.
Good. Maybe next year we'll get an OC with a less injury-prone scheme. Not that the defense has had better luck there...
At that point you might as well give Johnny Manziel the job.
What the hell are you guys referencing?
I mean, he got to the playoffs with Hoyer and had a winning record with Fitzpatrick.
Not necessarily. Look at all the important players that went down in a row. I simply refuse to believe our luck is that bad.
I don't want to take away the Denver defense's glory, but I just won't be able to accept Peyton getting a ring this year. Not after he led the league in interceptions between now and when he was benched against Kansas City. I'm probably gonna get downvoted a ton for saying that, but I don't care! He doesn't deserve it this year!
Who did The Hobbit, and who did The Lord of the Rings?
I'm flattered you think we can win in Denver.
Really? Wow. What was the difference maker between Hobbit and LOTR then?
Well, I know Hobbit was expanded into at least three movies (Unexpected Journey, Battle of the Five Armies, and I forget what the middle one was called). How much of that was from the books, and how much of that was studio padding?
Euugh. But assuming you boiled the whole trilogy down to strictly what was in the book, is it anywhere near as good as LOTR?
Desolation of Smaug! That's the second movie!
That defense deserves rings all around, but it just doesn't sit right with me to think of the interception leader winning a Super Bowl ring, at least not as a starter.
I mean, if anything the ring only enhanced his value. You win a Super Bowl in a contract year, someone's gonna pay you out the nose.
Apparently, HGH &lt; deflated footballs as long as it's Brady versus Manning. See, this is exactly why I hate Peyton Manning. Nice enough guy, great athlete in his prime, but the media as a whole is so willing to kiss his ass I can't help but hate his guts despite knowing he has no control over what reporters are saying about him. Meanwhile, Tom Brady plays the best football of his career, yet everyone stops giving a flying fuck as soon as injuries gut his offense! It's irrational, I know, but I don't much care. I like Peyton Manning the athlete, I like Peyton Manning the person, but fuck Peyton Manning the icon!
Yeah, I'm willing to believe Peyton did it for his long-term health, if he did it at all. I mean, shouldn't the league make an exception in his case? The man could very well have been paralyzed for the rest of his life, and if HGH can help him recover from that (enough to let him play again, I doubt it could ever be a nonissue), I'm all for it!
The Jets had the cap room. What more is there to say?
Can't even hear it, my Internet is that shitty.
The first part pissed me off, but when I finished reading, I had a good chuckle.
I would think the cheerleaders being team employees kinda went without saying...? Guess not.
Okay... but how would you make it easier on the team and/or fanbase?
I would think the cost to purchase and relocate an existing team is greater than the 500 million the league is looking for for one of two expansion teams.
That doesn't work for the six-team divisions, as a third game against the sixth team would bump the schedule to 83 games, hence the need to remove a game.
I'm just going off geography. I also don't expect Boston and Montreal to break up, nor do I expect Toronto to break up with Buffalo or Ottawa or Quebec to not be in Montreal's division. This makes the most sense as far as rivalries go.
I'm just trying to fit 32 teams into 82 games here.
This way the option is there for an Eastern team to move to Seattle if the arena issue there is resolved.
If this happens, I will refuse to believe the league isn't fixing the matchups.
I want at least two things: the Patriots to make it, thus negating the relevancy of the lost draft pick, and Denver to NOT make it and reward Manning for his crap year.
Did we still have Vinateri that year? Or had we already moved on to Gostowski?
I'm down with that. San Antonio would eat up more black and silver.
True. But in my defense, I am a petty bastard.
Wait, what happened to Chandler Jones?
I don't suppose Garoppolo's worth the 22nd pick to you guys? Not alone, of course. Partly serious, but mostly kidding. We gave you a raw deal on two QBs already, so I understand.
I'd go with a stud on either receiver or O-Line. Latter's probably more important.
Sounds like a bad reaction to some painkillers to me. If it was pot, I doubt he'd go to the police station. Then again, I have no way of knowing how lucid you are on pot, if at all, so...
I know we're not being serious here, but I'm pretty sure Anaheim and Los Angeles fall under the same market.
Dunno about Jerry Jones, but I thought I read somewhere Bob McNair was cool with a San Antonio team?
So explain to me how that 3rd and 10 incompletion wasn't ruled a fumble. The receiver had clear possession, and he even took a couple steps! I mean, it worked itself out a down later, but without that benefit, that was clearly a fumble.
As a football fan in general, you should be screaming at the television wondering why the fuck he's not calling timeouts.
I was gonna say Doomsday...
Whiny? If you're getting injured that much and not playing them like war wounds, you're doing something wrong.
Wait, he was in a Batman movie? Which one? Who was he playing?
...Just gonna throw this out there, but you guys are not the team to be talking about someone's stubborn old bastard quarterback hurting them more than helping them.
Oh, is that what happened? I was paying attention to his ball handling and I swear I saw his right foot move.
Well, like I said, it worked itself out in terms of field position. No idea why he caught that ball, though.
You're right, that O-Line has forced him to take way too much punishment.
About what I figured.
Oh God, there's a movie I haven't heard about in years.
I feel like the NFL should move away from the coin toss and just have the captains play odds and evens.
I considered that, but how would that work with three captains per side?
I know Cuba Gooding Jr.'s character botched a coin toss somehow, but I forget the story behind that.
Give the ref a smartphone with nothing but an RNG app, maybe a PDF of the rulebook, and that's all you need.
Look, I get Destination, Deliberation, and Determination, but as I understand it, the point of Apparation is to get there in a *hurry.*
Replacement center, replacement linemen, non-first string backs AND receivers? Either you guys ran through a lot of bodies in that Houston game, or the Texans just suck that hard! (read: Brian Hoyer)
Do they even have Red Lobster in Kansas City? Because I imagine it's hard to get seafood in the Midwest.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is how you do puns.
I wanna say McDaniels is his Count Dooku. Brady is either Maul or Grievous.
God no. After that blowout in Kansas City, my first instinct was to blame Belichick the GM. That Mankins trade really screwed us up the first month. I can only imagine the catharsis Brady felt against Cincinnati.
Of course not! We were playing to get healthy!
Except the Broncos' best weapon is their defense, and I don't think we have the line to beat it. Brady would have to get the ball out at godly speed if he wants to avoid the sack.
I assume they freeze it to keep it fresh? Does it cost any extra to order? I'm just asking because I live in New England, so when I think of seafood, I default to fishermen in Gloucester and Portsmouth. You know, by the water. Though thinking about it more, I suppose driving a truckload of lobster from Maine to Springfield is about the same timeframe as flying a plane to Missouri.
I understand that. Doesn't mean I won't be pissed about it if it happens.
Yeah, but if we had won that, Miami and the Jets become games where we can afford to be lazy.
You act like the Titans are suddenly gonna move on from Mariota. The Browns literally have their pick of quarterbacks for that reason alone. They'll find someone, be it draft or free agency.
Too much salt is bad for the blood pressure.
I don't even think Edelman is on Twitter. Epic fail much?
As a Slytherin myself, I say we're Ravenclaw so long as Belichick's coaching us. ...Even if it gives us something in common with the Ravens.
I think we toe the line between Slytherin and Ravenclaw, but Brady's a sixth-rounder, so his blood isn't pure enough.
You're in Gryffindor, what are you complaining about?
...How good is Jacksonville's kicker? I worry they might make a play for Gostowski.
I thought we franchised him last offseason. Did they get a deal done?
I'm just gonna say this now. I'll get downvoted as all get out, but this needs to be said: Starting Hoyer over Manziel for 2014 was logically sound. Manziel was never pro-ready coming out of the draft, Heisman or not. He needed at least a year to learn the offense. The problem was, the franchise was far too dysfunctional to embrace the concept of rebuilding, and the second Hoyer started to slip, they benched him. I don't care how much my starter sucks at any given point, if I didn't name my roomie quarterback the starter in training camp, I'm gonna stand by keeping him the backup unless the starter gets hurt! Hopefully, Hue won't have the kind of hair trigger with Goff Pettine had with Manziel. By the way, I'm not mentioning Manziel's off-field behavior because this is solely about his on-field development.
Then pray to God that if Hue doesn't name Goff the starter, he sticks to his guns about it barring injury.
Don't you both hate us, though?
Isn't it usually whoever's home that wins?
I've said it before: Peyton Manning does not deserve a Super Bowl ring this season. The defense deserves its due, of course, but if the Broncos win, they'll be overshadowed by the bullshit narrative of Peyton's big comeback and his last roundup, despite the godawful numbers he's put up this year. What message does that send to the rest of the league? That you can piggyback off your teammates to be Super Bowl MVP as long as you're a starting quarterback? That defensive players' efforts to keep a struggling offense afloat mean nothing once the Super Bowl is won? Can't accept it. I can't change it if it happens, but I can't accept it either way.
Plus, you take away that missed PAT, it all comes down to overtime. ...Which we were winless in all season, but never mind that!
No they're not. Why are we even pretending here?
Wait, he actually did that?
Weren't they gonna revisit the alignment after this season anyway?
I might become a Jags fan for the ownership alone! Though any team in a division with the Colts gets my approval either way. But Khan's probably the smartest businessman among the 31 owners, so he gets the nod.
I... think horses are easier to tame than jaguars, man.
You know what? Let's keep it simple and go with "Las Vegas Silvers."
I thought the Panthers represented Miami? Are they even in a position to cede territorial rights?
Wait, who did Philadelphia tie seven years ago?
I knew someone was gonna make that joke.
I know Houston and the Colts don't have much of a history, but that rivalry will blow up this season, mark my words. ...Or at least puff up...
Would the Seattle arena issue even be resolved in five years, though? I mean, if the league promised Seattle a team if the Hurricanes move to Quebec or something...
Would Paul Allen have any interest in purchasing the Canes and moving them to Portland? I mean, he's said if an NHL team takes entertainment dollars from the Trail Blazers he wouldn't want one in Portland. But if he was the owner of said team, wouldn't the money go to him anyway?
Only if his writers promise to retcon the current controversy surrounding him.
The Bruins one looks great. Take out the horizontal and vertical spokes, though, and it would look fantastic on a shield!
Enlighten me. What exactly IS the status of the Seattle arena thing?
As much as it would make sense just for evening out the conferences, I am enjoying the expansion hype. Then again, as much as I'm enjoying the expansion hype, it would make more sense to even out the conferences. What do?
It's too bad, though. The Thrashers was a badass name for a team.
But that still leaves 31 teams in the league. Why not just give Vegas AND Quebec teams, put the Nordiques in the Central until we know for sure the Hurricanes are relocating, then have them switch when we know where they're even going to play? I mean, I understand Quebec in the Central is less than ideal, but... I guess it depends on how big a priority balancing the schedule is. Either way it's a mess.
At 70 cents to the US dollar? EDIT: I may or may not understand the conversion rates. Does Canada pay more or less than us?
Unless Bill Foley is willing to negotiate buying the Hurricanes with Peter Karmanos (spelling?), expanding to Vegas seems like a done deal. But that ultimately means 31 teams, and the Central division is gonna have to have some finagling done with it to make 82 games work for everyone.
Oh! I thought it was multiplied, not divided! Why would that make any sense, though?
I know what "we" meant, don't worry.
Question: would Bartoszek be interested in in buying the Hurricanes and moving them to Seattle? If so, who does the league side with, Bartoszek or Karmanos?
It was more a question of whether a team relocating was good enough to fund the arena, but I suppose the Canes wouldn't want to play in Carolina when they know they're only there the two or three years it takes to build the Seattle arena. So is there anything else you can say about the Tukwila project? Or do we not know anything else yet?
Like I said. Apples to oranges.
Upvoted because you had 69 points.
Probably for the best.
I mean, I had travel in mind to a certain extent when making up these pairings, but sure. Who gets the most hate in Vancouver, then?
I knew Felger and Mazz said something to that extent.
Yeah, that'll be sweet. That said, this way all the teams' schedules mesh with each other with minimal conflict. I wanted to make things as neat as possible.
Oh my God, the dysfunction is real. At least you guys have the Warriors?
What actually is the ownership situation here? I mean, who actually owns the team?
I thought Jed York was the owner, but Wikipedia only has him as the CEO.
No, but if they hire a competent executive from an organization with a history of drafting well, they have a shot.
Even without them, it's still an achievement for the Browns, despite Pittsburgh having literally nothing to play for at this point.
THERE'S that no-effort-required defense we all know and loathe! I was wondering what happened to it in the last few games! First-round exit confirmed, guys! We're back to having no defense!
... Ah, shit.
Watch out, AFC. Our teeth and ambitions are bared.
With all the mileage he's gotten out of such stalwarts of the quarterback position as Brian Hoyer and Ryan Fitzpatrick, this can only end terribly for the Texans.
I dunno, I'd like to see Luck get a few extra million, cripple the defense a bit more.
Classy as fuck, Aqib. Glad we got rid of you.
Yeah, Miller's always been a class act from all I've ever seen of him.
...I was hoping someone would finish the line, but at least someone got the reference, and that's all I really wanted...
Why do I get the feeling "He grabbed mine!" is the next great Reddit meme?
I mean, I'd call winning the game vindication. Pyrrhic vindication, but vindication nonetheless.
Exactly. Or more to the point, the offensive line.
I know someone was carted off at the end of the third quarter. Anyone know where I can get more info on that?
This was not a sentiment I expected to have until Christmas.
You guys aren't happy with Caldwell at the moment?
I want Houston to win because at least they are what they are. Beating up on the Raiders without Derek Carr... just doesn't sound like fun.
I'd argue Garoppolo had even more emphasis placed on his development than any other backup Brady's had because Deflategate necessitated that development.
I didn't realize second-round picks counted as top ten.
I mean, if they think Brisset can be "The Guy," then by all means shop Garoppolo. In a perfect world, Brady'd win his fifth ring and ride off into the sunset, but we all know he's gonna leave this game kicking and screaming, so I'd keep Garoppolo next year so we're not in disaster mode should Brady break down, which, considering his impending 40th birthday, is very likely. If Brady balls out in 2017 and Garoppolo walks, then you can draft a quarterback to compete with Brisset. Belichick said it himself: "You don't need insurance until you need insurance." Jimmy G is the best insurance he's ever had, and I don't know if I'm comfortable with Brisset as Plan B to flip him.
Ehhhh... I'd prefer Pittsburgh and Kansas City on the grounds of them being legitimate wins. EDIT: Shit, we can't possibly play Pittsburgh unless they reach the Championship game. So we're going to have to embarrass either Oakland, Houston or Miami. Division games count as legitimate wins, right?
Wait, Sylvester Stallone did porn? Huh. Learn something new every day. I'm hoping this isn't a joke.
I always understood it like this: the coach is the football voice, the GM is the money voice, and each needs to get the other to say the same thing as him. Actually, now that I type this out, it makes too damn sense for the NFL.
Ha! Full circle!
I would, but I don't want "sylvester stallone porn" in my Google search history. EDIT: It's on Sylvester Stallone's Wikipedia page. Why did I not think it would be that simple? The Internet is really, really, great.
If the Washington Warriors rebrand ever does come to fruition, that should be their permanent color scheme.
What would you even call the team if they moved to LA? The only really organic name is already being used in baseball, and even their marquee team is just a holdover from their last city.
Yes, good.
I'd like to think that he was all too aware of the Fitzpatrick Curse, so he decided "fuck no, I'm saving my quarterback if it kills me."
I mean, he was a fourth-stringer going into the season. It's a miracle it didn't come down to him.
Wolves and Coyotes sound good because they're natural goat (Ram) predators.
Thank you for getting my reference.
Too bad any team not named the Cavaliers or Warriors is utterly irrelevant for the next ten years.
Don't forget his favorite excuse: Andrew Luck is too expensive to surround with talent.
I think Brady's said that he doesn't see coaching in his future. Something about not having the patience for it?
Honestly, I'd trust a Belichick taught by a Belichick over a Shanahan taught by a Shanahan. Or at least a Ryan taught by a Ryan.
I think the idea is that the byes give coaches a week to work on interviews, and the majority of gameplanning is done during the actual game week. And even if that's not the case, it's madness to spend two weeks preparing for three teams when you could just let the wildcard games play out and gameplan after Sunday like a regular season week when you know who you're facing.
http://imgur.com/gallery/LWXZ6
I just realized that the Raiders and Texans are polar opposites. Houston has shown that they can win despite not having a functioning quarterback, while Oakland has proven that they are dependent on their quarterback to win.
That's So Browns.
Jesus, how many names has the Dolphins' stadium had?!
Source?
Why would Harbaugh be leaving Michigan?
So this is what the Browns have come to. Hiring the coach that paid his players to deliberately injure other players. How do the other 30 owners not see by this point that Jimmy Haslam is a cancer on their bottom line, just like Donald Sterling became with his racist comments?!
He looks like a jackass now.
One is sheer idiocy, the other is malicious intent.
Only if that benching woke up Osweiler like he's gonna get fired if he's late for work again. And even then, the best I see is no turnovers. In all seriousness, the big key from what I can tell is taking away Clowney. If we can do that, we should be golden.
Um... are you even aware how injured we were that game? No Lewis, no Edelman, no Gronk... I think the O-Line was dealing with some stuff then, too.
I think what people are forgetting is, despite the supposed weakness of this year's QB class (which I'm in no position to comment on), he will be gone before the Browns' second pick purely because teams will value the fact that he won a national championship above most, if not all else.
Does one game even constitute a record by itself, though? By that logic, any backup quarterback who went in after injury and went undefeated as a starter until the regular guy came back is a Hall of Famer.
See, that's why I don't listen to the hype over the big name coordinators. They're usually unavailable to start their new jobs for two to three weeks, by which point the Championship games roll around, and hopefully the Super Bowl. Teams want to fill their coaching vacancies right away, and Denver wasn't going to wait on Shanahan when Vance Joseph helped get a team to the playoffs and he's available sooner.
Have you not been paying attention to the Jets and the Browns these last few years? Drafting quarterbacks every year until you hit is a proven recipienfor disaster and an open invitation to dysfunction! I truly believe Tyrod can get you a playoff berth if you surround him with talent. Can he get you further than the wildcard? Probably not, but Super Bowl teams never just happen, and especially not if all you care about is the quarterback!
Maybe I'm saying not to complain about QB is because I know we're never going to have another Brady for as long as I live. Maybe I'm bracing myself for becoming a shadow of what we once were.
Well there ya go. Circle of Life and all that.
White guy who doesn't know what t-boning means.
Well, enjoy your extra away game whenever you play the Raiders.
Well, as far as scheduling goes, the Sunday games would be on at 9-10 AM Eastern, though ideally, it would only affect the away team's market. Sunday and Thursday Night games would likely be on at 3 PM Eastern, since that's London's 8 PM. No way they could host Sunday Night Football without conflicting with the afternoon games, though. I feel like if London's gonna work, they'll have to eventually expand into two Europe-based divisions, though that won't happen since it would obviously dilute the talent pool way too much...
Damn shame. It looks spiffy.
We can give you a couple more years of fandom being worth it, but you may have to settle in for a long rebuild eventually.
Couldn't they just do what the Jaguars did with the Jaguar car brand and have LA Chargers be the official athletic gear of the LA Chargers?
Right. Forgot that sponsorship was leaguewide. Not like a car deal at all.
Huh. Well, that'd be nice.
It doesn't hurt that the Raiders' fanbase is basically as global as it gets.
Patricia's beard coaching Luck's? Fucking make it happen!
I mean, he had the Browns actually going somewhere until the Baltimore news killed any motivation to play.
Plus his work with the Colorado Crush helped him out a lot.
