So like a Chinatown.
Thunderdevil is boss! Makes you look like Solid Snake.
The common individual doesn't know what most of the government does. I'm not surprised if a lot of folks didn't know that.
Gee, I didn't realize water was still wet. CAN THIS FREAKING SEASON START ALREADY.
I've always likened those who fight gentrification similar to those who fought against civil rights and modern medicine. I take that stance because I live in West Philly where our nickname was "The Bottom", still is, but it's not lacking in drug needles, and broken glass bottles on the ground. Rampant crime and gang fights in the streets. Gentrification has always been good in my neighborhood, pushing about the bad elements that just don't give a damn about the area. Even so I like the idea of gentrification as well as affordable housing. No one should ever get priced out of the neighborhood they worked hard to maintain.
Voidfang Vestments is the only time I think having more strength is cool.
How is using the Gjallarhorn elitism? I think you're just upset this particular strategy involves it. How about replace it (insert 365 heavy here)?
How so?
What are you talking about, /r/eagles would have given up Boykin, along with everyone else for Mariota...
Still don't see how that's broken. Hunters also spawn with grenade energy with the Lucky Raspberry. Its not broken, it's game mechanics. What would be broken is if Sunsingers could have ignite, with two grenades.
Some will pay people to make money out of their money, and then pay other people to make sure they don't pay other people too much. Circle of Life?
At the Apollo.
I think Riley Cooper would have been a deal breaker for them. Meaning they wouldn't have wanted him.
This story is crazier than a bag of cats in summer.
Didn't say he committed suicide.
Like a responsible adult, imagine that....
Fear makes people do bizarre things.
Wrong about what exactly?
Don't talk about our coach like you know him. He wants to win, that's all. He has a system to win, if you believe you are bigger than the team then there are your walking papers.
Like a CD with scratches on it.
And a Tardus that replaces the ship and or tower.
Didn't Germany ban it until more evidence comes out?
No you twat.
I don't pay any mind to anonymous downvotes anymore, I see them as trolls or paid shills who disagree with me but can't form their opinions into words without looking like idiots. I'm all about more information and reason and not so much about blanket statements like OP was saying.
Nothing is just "meh" with wolf pack rounds.
I think a lot of your fans said "X person can't go!" this year, and watched them walk away. I'm not going to underestimate the craziness of the Niners at the moment.
Don't feed the trolls
Of course, our special teams will score 35 for us.
Can someone post a picture of the countries Russia has annexed in the last decade versus the US?
It's the ever shuffling sleight of hand card game Bungie is playing with the guns.
Because you don't have laws for it, doesn't mean you go to another country with laws for it and don't abide by them. We have free speech in America but if you go to Thailand and insult the King you are going to jail, period. Not to mention a potential caning.
Baseball is more of an evolved version of a cricket. Americans get that from our English counter parts. Heck, our anthems sound the same. So no, I take nothing back.
I'm pretty sure it's your job as buyers to have a proper inspection done, on your coin not the Sellers'. Just walk away from it and move on. You don't want to get involved any further.
You could say we demoted the items....
That's not a gun, that's a bloody anti-aircraft cannon. You'll raise hell let alone pulses!
Kotaku shouldn't bite the hands that feed them.
I haven't seen it, I don't frequent this sub. Douche #2 has been discovered.
Even if he urinated near it, there are also laws against that. This was Malaysia I'm sure there are laws against public nudity.
T. O. for all his shortcomings he did his job well. Caught the ball, scored touchdowns, and was entertaining. What else could we have asked for? Aside from off field drama.
Yeah I get them mixed up
You buy stock based on.... What?
Future DLC plot line
Close to averaging a triple double every game. That's insane.
Even cats can't not resist of power of ham.
But I like the populated areas, it's fun to see a mob of random players just man handle a boss together. I think I've completed like seven quests with end dungeon bosses that way.
I can't think of a 1st rounder so hyped up that hasn't play a single snap in the league . There has to be an NFL Films top ten on that and he has to be there somewhere.
How should I build my Nightblade out? I'm focusing right now on skills, wearing mostly medium armor and some heavy armor. I'm specialized in dual wield and very little work with bows. Should I focus more on health stamina or magic?
Seriously, some a harassing circle jerk of a subreddit gets banned and people are Butthurt because it invades their freedom of speech? Well reddit can get sued for it, hell the people who are doing the harassing can get sued for it. It was a business decision, folks need to get over it or go back to /b/.
Can I have a restoration staff with healing and elemental damage on it? As a NB with dual wield I'd love to continue to output double damage and gain an extra slot to heal myself in a pinch.
Old habits die hard, thought someone would get a kick out of it haha.
Oh gosh I completely forgot about that. I have a Vita too!
How about the other motifs? I'm in Aldermi right now, so I'd find the motifs for the races associated with them?
This isn't Sword Art Online... Lol
Certified killer, he's slayed his own career in cold blood.
Folks do keep score by their bank accounts, but I hope he has a good money manager cause no one is buying anymore of his records.
Tyson and Hammer wasn't probably, it happened you twit.
Took twenty shrapnel shards but doesn't roll with a limp.
Cayde-6 also apparently can hold his liquor as well. According to the random things the guards say at the Reef.
I do this with no remorse. We all have queued long lines. Have some patience.
Here's a tip for you. Don't play with randoms.
I'm sure many love him for getting them a ring.
2 years and running!
Ain't nothing rude about it, but that's just your opinion vs mine vs the citizens of Cambodia. Buddhism played and still plays a huge part in a country's healing that it suffered during the Khmer Rogue.
Only thing here that is a joke is you.
Coach upstairs is probably relaying things they see. Who is open, if the safety is rushing, I'm sure there's a ton of information they are getting from upstairs.
It looks like your friend is getting double teamed and he's enjoying it..
Many will agree but Bungie doesn't care. They'll do anything for their bottom line.
Is this ingested THC or inhaled?
If this was my job site, someone would have been unemployed real quick. I've fired people for less.
If these were investment properties it may have been worth it due to the fact you can shelter your income via depreciation and the mortgage interest deduction. Most times to what I've calculated in our portfolio you'd shelter anywhere between 20-35k in income per property. So even if you're reporting negative numbers your bank account is growing.
All Guardian powers comes from the Traveler. If it didn't exist the Guardians wouldn't exist.
You must be new here, this is where white people come to pretend. It's the Internet where that 21 year old is actually 14,and the knock on the door isn't the Pizza man its a Chris Hansen.
Yes I too am struggling with Kleptomania, but I'm taking something for it, so I got that going for me.
Seeing as how difficult it is to win in this day and age I'm not bothered by it. Because after the game is over the next year starts it doesn't matter anymore.
And win a Super Bowl with a rival of the 49ers.
They mispronounced "Iggles". Edit They demand Chip Kelly to be fired. After a single loss.
I think it'd be more about guaranteed money, that's more security than extended years as far as your health is concerned. But yeah, pay the man.
i think you spelt "stab" wrong. Your fanbase has a track record to uphold.
Consider that a blessing
I picture the election officials are actually a firing squad with clipboards.
So much better than Destiny. My Nightblade looks awesome in charcoal. I want black black now.
Median income for a family in Korea is around 32k a year(OECD stats for 2012), seeing as you are going to be paid almost 4 times that, plus your debts here in the States it still doesn't seem like a bad deal.
Should I continue to be long on Alcoa? Half of my lots I got in when it was $7 the other half during the rise $11 - $13. Should I sell some? I don't see a terrible downturn in the future with the company.
No one Guardian is above another, we are all the same cloth. An in game battle shrine in tribute to all Guardians lost, and forever in our hearts. But some may think it sappy and have no bearing of its context of why it's even there.
My bet is it'll be 5.5 million a year for five years, 9-10 million guaranteed. Or 5.5 for three years and 7-8 million guaranteed. He's 34, unless he stays super healthy I can't imagine him getting a long contract.
Winning a Super Bowl is end game for all teams, it seems you are in a win now mode, not win five or seven years from now mode.
Once you get up to 20% in equity of the mortgage you can cancel it. If you aren't going to take a 2nd mortgage out the fastest way is to pay down the principal of the mortgage. A few hundred dollars a month and you're on your way.
I had a blunt with oxy I felt like this photo. I was one with the sensation, and my bed, on a molecular level.
For the record they were split mostly about raising property tax.
You could see him go for the laptop as soon as she mentioned the 50 inch TV. "No fucking way am I giving that to you! This madness ends now!"
Why anyone gives a shit is beyond me.
This is what they call "on the other end of the spectrum."
Aside from money laundering, what are the banks suppose to police?
Seriously, you are King Kong.
You know I was on the fence about buying the game, but now seeing that I would have to buy the collector's edition Bungie has secured it for me. They've completely lost my patronage.
NA PS4 AD WTS/WTT Redguard Motif or any motif not Argonian, Breton, Khajitt, Nord. Trade or gold. (US PS4 Aldermi dominion, looking to sell for gold Redguard Motif, or trade for motif that isn't Argonian, khajitt, Nord, or Breton.)
It's obvious to anyone paying attention that the Bungie that created Halo and the Bungie that created Destiny are two completely different companies.
If you read the article they revenue last year was 65 million.
Top comments are about how to do it if it's a larger hole. Stop typing about it and show us all! Thanks.
Correct me if I'm wrong, in a buy back the seller is going to get taxed on it aren't they? How could a buy back offered by a company be seen as "gaming" the system? Could a buy back have unmentioned bad drawbacks to the general populace?
Destiny X2: In search for players we lost during Destiny II to X.
There's two easy ways I've found to quitting. Play ESO, play Batman. Okay so im just replacing an addiction but I can walk away from the last two. Honestly this may be the best thing for me, focus on life and family.
Thank you!
Trying to figure out if the kid on the right thinks he's on point with towel folding while holding the gun....
It's been confirmed, Donald Trump is a bigger gaffe than Joe Biden! Who imagined that could even be possible?
Wouldn't my dream girl accept my faults?
If Greece defaults doesn't that hit the entirety of the world economy?
I highly doubt you understand how our team Footballs.
We call that Jerry Jones mode.
There's no if, he'll have to.
How quick Dallas fans choose to forget the past but only at certain intervals.
No one brings that up, the hell are you talking about?
I'll never play Destiny again if PvP was pay to win, duck that noise.
Be Drew Brees, yeah that super simple.
And here I was hoping they'd fix the Silvenar quest to get those vet 2s and highers to stop trolling it. I WANT TO ADVANCE THE DAMN STORY ALREADY.
Don't try to make amends now, just take your downvotes and carry on.
But but... OP's source.......
Auto rifles should do more damage though. Not a great deal that is game breaking, just more. Shotguns need a reduction in range still, it's not fair you're pumping rounds mid-range into someone and they still one shot with a Conspiracy D or Partycrasher..
New Years Resolution for the mods was "Fuck all y'all! We're out!"
It would be this, and in other examples it would be an RKO.
Unless we can get the get Brees and Peyton free coupon it would stay two birds with one stone.
Whatever happens I'm rooting for whoever represents the NFC. Because fuck the AFC.
You're getting a local prospective, furthermore, using blackface in anything is racist. It's origins are racist and using it today still means the same. Are you referring to the article I linked or OP's link? The pictures in the one I linked in my edit is Philly.
Don't crush my dreams with your sound logic!
Not like it matters now...
Honestly though, Cam is really balling out this year.
He's actually one of the highest paid people in Hollywood. For a funny guy who people laugh at he's doing better than all of us, our children, and children's children combined.
A-fucking-men
I have all the year 1 ships and all the faction shaders. I guess you could consider me lucky that the only ship I'm missing is the NM, and DO year 2 ships. Least where the factions are concerned.
Who has school on Sunday?
Fuck them, using public funds and then ditching out. Fuck them.
If you drops the price of domestic gasoline, then it's a political victory?
That wasn't playing Devils advocate, that was taking what OP explained and ignoring it and going back to what they wanted regardless of the pros/cons that was stated. I get what OP said that I'm content at the moment with P2P. Though I do wish the raid wouldn't lag as much as it does for my fireteam. One that spans the globe, nothing can be done about it (at this point) though.
I saw him carry JScrubby to a flawless using sidearm, sure enough it was rather filthy.
Personally the increased armor and zero cool down on cauterize annoyed me most about the hammers than anything else.
What a time to be alive for Vikings fans. What a strange time for the rest of the NFC North.
The sodium content is high with this one.
Congratulations, (he) you played yourself.
My hidden gem wouldn't be so hidden if I revealed it huh? It's a scout rifle, with more impact and stability than the Mida. It also has 3rd eye, and not many people have it anymore.
What do people not get? Okay we aren't getting DLC content. We are getting though content that isn't paid. Did no one read the interview with a developer? Spring we get more content, and further in the year we get one of the biggest endeavours Destiny has ever attempted. Look. I get it. You want year 1 content to be prevalent again. It's just not happening right now. Let. It. Go.
I mean the Browns would prolly part with Manziel for a stick of half chewed gum at this point wouldn't they?
Beyond nostalgia what purpose does it serve to bring them forward? Remove the light level and people will just wear them to increase their overall light level. If anything make them Rares and reduce the light to sub 100. Won't be able to infuse them up, or make them light 3 legendaries and then infuse them up. They were left behind, people have a hard time letting go.
How many unique year 2 class items do you think there are? There are plenty, Flayers mantel, taniks cloak, Ayane cloak, Rangers cloak, vermillion cloak, neuroghast, end unsung. The only attachment people have to year one cloaks is that they can't let go. That's the simple hard truth.
Then use it, but don't expect your light level to rise any. Use it in Crucible, where light levels matter for nothing.
If you have the tarantella it's grenades every 3 second! Flux and skip grenades for everyone!
After hearing the excerpt I'm sure their response was more like putting their hands on your ears and yelling "LA LA LA LA CANT HEAR YOU".
Well they are gonna have to wait a year to recieve it then.
So hunters have come full circle and are now floofing about like Warlocks. How the mighty have fallen.....
Thank you for your concise explanation.
If a network was paying me 6 million a year to just travel, and make witty comments a few days out of the year while televised, why would I want to leave that gig to one where I'd have to work 15+ hours a day and be stressed out?
It'll be better than Big Sean during that God awful Thanksgiving game.
If there's beauty in destruction. Why not also in its delivery?
How would they make him, he resigned from the position. Are they going to kidnap his kids and force him to coach for a year?
You just described 90% of the users of /r/blackpeopletwitter.
Hidden step : LET YOUR TEAMMATES RUN AHEAD OF YOU ARRRGHHHH
Don't forget predator, courage of the pack, and black hole. The ogre will go down in 2 seconds.
See my original post, the line on the bottom for your answer.
I want an update, what's hard to understand about that? They haven't given one where they have given one before.
It's not me mistaking anything, they were monitoring it and if their actions are anything like year one they act accordingly and update the community.
You shouldn't be, what I can gather they analyze the traffic of those suspected of cheating. If a network engineer is reading this maybe they can shed some light if there's a marked difference between bad Internet and network manipulation?
I want them to do something about it. Like they have done in the past.
I'm assuming that I'd like to get an update from Bungie, because they were the ones who brought it up.
There are some who share this sentiment I'm sure, I'm just looking to hold their proverbial feet to the fire so to speak. I wish more people would up vote for visibility but alas. I guess those objecting either have a bad connection naturally and feel some kind of way about it, or are the cheaters we're talking about.
Good, suspend his ass. Fuck him. An opportunity to make a lot of money and he's a fucking idiots. Fuck him and his offspring.
Could have just said God doesn't want us to win.
Wouldn't a franchise tag entail 25 million? Not 20?
In the mean time, don't challenge a sniper at range.
If someone is able to quick scope you at shotgun range or at most optimal auto rifle range then they have some solid skill.
&gt;Just like shotguns can't be used farther out than melee range now That's an utter lie, unless you mean Thunder strike melee range which is pretty crazy. In something like Crucible it should be guns that augment you're learned skills. Saying something should be devoid of skill because of range is a silly idea.
Mine was a suggestion, not a topic of argument. If your sodium content is on par with you rage modifier, step away from the keyboard and go outside.
Hard mode makes you look Taken. MAKE IT HAPPEN BUNGO.
Am I the only one that doesn't mind the dead bodies laying around?
For what? You didn't see the end of the video? It's clear they had relations.
Thanks for confirming that you didn't wait till the end of the video because the one filming also confirmed they had some kind of relationship.
You can get them from the big chest after killing Skolas. A fireteam member who did it with me had it drop.
Because internet drama should translate into taking sides because you like one person over the other right?
I don't ever recall fusion rifles being as OP when Thorn was considered OP. But those times were a year ago and frankly who cares? People call other people out on here all the time for their choice of weapons. If those two have an axe to grind I'd just let them do it and grab some popcorn.
Dealing precision damage with this gun causes defeated combatant to explode and returns all shots to the magazine, and gain x3 damage for a short period of time.
Now we just need to figure out how and where the Fatal Vision drops.
Does anyone else think this should have been more severe for a repeat offender?
This time last year people were just as whiny as they are now. Go figure.
*bickering intensifies*
I think you have the wrong sub. This place is for secrets. /r/DestinyTheGame is where you log complaints now.
You can't correct someone without cursing? Grow up.
Here's to LA Football team fans, may you not be front runners and enjoy mediocrity for the better part of a decade.
My advice, remember and hold onto this feeling. Revisit the same memories and feelings come December of this year.
You manned up to your error, that's pretty boss, man.
Someone needs to push the speaker off the tower now.....
Yeah the encounter is definitely right underneath us, real game wise it's an extra dimension but game wise they had no where else to put it in assume.
Folks are still working on it amongst other things.
I some reason think they fuck like rabbits when they go home.
It's the only time trickle down has ever worked and had nothing to do with money.....
If you piece the grimoire together it could he that Kabr was intrigued by Osiris' theories regarding the Vex and assembled a Fireteam with similar ideas and went to the Vault of Glass. With that being said Kabr's fire team perhaps weren't the only ones to venture there, but were the only ones to make it as far as they did.
I know, yet I'm downvotes for citing canon. Go figure huh?
Three folks won the jackpot. Guess I gotta go back to work in the morning......
SJWs incoming in 5....4....3....2...1.....
Funny, but in all semi-seriousness, Oryx was a girl (Aurash) before being a guy (Oryx) and chose to become whatever it is they are now. Guardians didn't have a choice, they were forced into their role. The Ghosts didn't knock on heaven's (or hell's) gate and asked if it was cool if they got resurrected.
This totally needs to happen I didn't grind all the way up to 25 for an exotic quest to grind even more for a class item that only gives around or less than 10% rep boost. That's bullshit.
How did you do that shadestep jump? I can never get it so fluid.
I'll try increased control but how early is early? I'm on PS4 so is it Circle, Circle, and the X immediately?
