Generally not suspicious means they've got reasonable evidence that it was a suicide or there were obvious natural causes of death. That's interesting in this case (in a dark way, sorry) though because she was found in the river. Presumably there's evidence on her person or nearby that makes them confident she put herself in there.
This sub has been flooded with this sort of talk for a while now. I notice less and less people from the UK are contributing, probably because of the atmosphere built up by brexit users.
Not to worry Scottish Lib Dems, it'll probably just result in a fine that can be forwarded to the JRF to cover.
Communist? I've never seen anything remotely communist over there. Left of centre certainly but given the Labour party seems to be the favourite of /r/unitedkingdom I wouldn't expect many communists.
You're not supposed to do anything other than rent. The rental market needs to be supported don't you know? If they build houses then all of a sudden lots of Tory voters won't have that nice reliable source of income.
I think that a lot of Leave voters will seriously consider their choice of vote for the next GE after what they perceive to be an attack from their own party. Nige has played up to these people and has been trying to get their vote for a while now, he might well cause a rift big enough to achieve electoral success on the back of.
Very sad. Hopefully as they get older they can begin to understand what happened in Syria and hopefully it becomes possible for them to return if they wish. If not then Scotland can only gain from them. Their choice.
I'm a little confused about this article given the recent one in The Courier saying the Tories will split apart as a result of Johnson taking the leadership.
BUT NASHANULISM! I think it's beaten into Labour supporters in this country that believing in self governance makes you no different to UKIP because reasons. I know it annoys them that the sort of blood and soil ethnic nationalism that you find in the rest of the UK is as near as makes no difference absent in Scotland but it's no excuse for utter ignorance either.
Wait, I thought you were making some sort of clever statement based on what Yes voters did to Labour in 2015... Still, I can get behind the sentiment. I think a lot of Conservative voters will feel let down by their party if it's a remain result, I see UKIP as the obvious future choice for those people.
... How many times have you heard "Take Back Control!" I'm no fan of Ruth Davidson but she's at least making an argument.
And she should. She might be able to sort out the UK Tories somewhat.
Countries who trade goods and people as freely as we do in the EU have way less reasons to go to war with each other.
Are we? where? Real life trumpeteers? edit: ohh, I see them.
God only knows. I guess left wing ideas are a hard sell in England these days.
Well, fuck. Hopefully that's an outlier
Aye, even as a remainian I'm in agreement. I'm not sure what a journalist knows about counter terrorism though...
Can we arrange a quick cultural exchange with our friends in the North? :)
I have about 4 games, one of which I play. I think that means I'm old, I haven't played an FPS since counterstrike/q3a and the extent of my gaming these days is solely Cities: Skylines. I can spend hours on perfecting my transport infrastructure and sensibly laying out a sprawling metropolis but all this shooty bangy fast stuff doesn't appeal anymore.
Framed copies of every selfie taken with Sturgeon since 2014
That's perfect man, thanks for the laugh
Can ye fuck. Get out and vote.
Yes.
Farage speaks while the pound tumbles in value...
Very unlikely. Scottish Pound would make more sense now.
Lets ask again now that its actually happened.
Why will things stabilise? A lot of companies now have very little reason to be doing business in the UK.
No, rest assured that every newspaper in the land will be commissioning one though since everyone is asking the same question.
Ach let it go. It doesn't matter now. People are just understanding one of the central arguments of Yes, they may be late to the party but what was a shot in the dark in 2014 is now as clear as can be for many.
I'd vote to leave the UK, again.
Well unless your home is a constituent country of the United Kingdom, probably not.
They could. UN wouldn't be happy with them though, as for whether that matters or not... debatable. I think WM has enough experience in these matters to be very wary about raising tensions in such a way, they know the absolute best reaction would be support for independence spiking and they know they can't deny a referendum forever - eventually a WM government will come along who approve one.
From her statement today she has reverted to her usual self and is vowing to oppose an independence referendum for Scotland. She was elected by precisely the people who voted to Leave in Scotland last night. She won't piss them off.
English speaking EU nations will have an enormous advantage with the UK out of the EU. Scotland has the opportunity to share the benefit of this with Ireland.
Good lads. Rennie had given the impression during the May election campaign that he intended to be hard headed on any future referendum.
There will be lots of polling coming out of Scotland in the coming weeks. You can sense the anger in people I've spoken to already, I've had died in the wool Scottish Tories tell me they now support a second referendum even.
rite
No we're not. Immigration is a reserved matter, UK has a one size fits all policy.
Quelle surprise. P&amp;J is second only to The Scotsman in terms of Scottish Tory rags.
Its incredibly unlikely for that to happen though.
The Principality of London sounds pretty good doesn't it?
Tomkins knows fine well what Sturgeon also knows: WM will be required to overrule the Scottish Parliament. Those of us on the pro-indy side of the argument in Scotland know the effect this will have. I believe even ardent loyalists like Tomkins know the same.
You're a good cunt.
I think the idea of inviting /r/Iceland is an excellent one!
Dense fruitcake wrapped in pastry.
Original article in German: http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-06/brexit-schottland-unabhaengigkeit-referendum-reaktionen-konsequenzen
I think in the short term it is realistic to expect Scotland to be worse off. Independence would present a prime opportunity to implement some forward thinking ideas to rectify this though. As part of the union Scotland will never be able to properly tackle its individual economic issues, we will be taken out of a favourable trading bloc by the Westminster government and continue to be governed with a one size fits all policy that is contrary to our individual needs.
Eck seems to just be sitting there with a sort of "this isn't my problem..." expression on his face :)
Why the fuck not?
Yes. How do you think Ireland was allowed to descend into the chaos that resulted? This attitude runs deep in the English national psyche.
Always happy to support people for excellent work. I'll keep mine in my box of interesting things :)
Yep. It would not be acceptable to keep the UKs nukes in an independent Scotland. As regrettable as job losses are, it is not something that can be avoided. UK would not wants its nukes in Scotland just as we wouldn't.
Defensive purposes like any other nation.
You might want to tell that to the top bods in Leave who now seem to think you voted for the EEA then :)
Grew up in Angus - if Goves an Aberdonian I might as well be Jamaican.
Getting through to older people requires getting the media on board, at least as much of it as possible. If the papers all take the same stance as last time we will lose again. Daily papers can sell their readership their political opinions remarkably effectively, obviously some will never support independence but if we can get even some of the more moderate papers on board we stand a chance of being able to counter the inevitable scare tactics employed on pensioners.
Seems like fucky data or highly confused people.
How can it be a one party state? Scotland elects its parliament through PR for christs sake, there's 5 parties represented there. This is some Daily Mail level bullshit and I would have thought that someone with access to the internet and a brain capable of critical thought would realise this.
Might be a fair few abstentions? I don't think any of the other parties besides the Greens will really have their strategy thought out on this one yet.
Yes. Scotland will need to establish a central bank and issue its own currency.
Kezias too busy deciding if she should stab Corbyn in the back too I think.
You'll need to disown and banish Nuttall...
"lefties" no doubt.
Holy fuck I couldn't stop myself shouting the house down when that second one went in. You beautiful Icelandic bastards
HAHAHAHA I suppose now is the time to mention I had £20 on Iceland to win :D
Hahaha, that's a belter.
[North Sentinel Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Sentinel_Island). See how they get along with the locals.
But but but wankstained pissgibbons have genuine concerns! We should be listening to them!
I really cannot fathom what the fuck Labour think they are doing right now. If they want to get Corbyn then fine, get Corbyn but pick a better fucking time to do it. The CONSERVATIVES pushed for this referendum to be held and it's been a monumental fucking disaster, the party should be getting absolutely roasted for it and due to all this Labour drama the attention is being diverted from the colossalness of the Tory fuckup. Of course, the Tory fuckup will last longer than the Labour one but the only impression that will be left in voters minds of this period is of equal disunity and incompetence across both parties.
The fact that you're apparently Irish and can post a comment like that surprises me.
Lots of positive noises on Scotland so far. Farage is on now so I've turned it off, better things to do than listen to him. I'll no doubt get the gist of what he's said on the news later.
It's good to see the battle lines being drawn though. I'm not sure the Tories can win this one, they seem to be operating under the assumption that Scottish Tory voters aren't pro-EU and I don't think that's entirely correct. It'll be interesting to see if any of their individual MSPs recognise the potential folly of this.
Yeah, I think they missed a trick with that one. Should have been in a mailshot, would be expensive but it was very well produced and put to bed a lot of the nonsense that was being pushed over the airwaves from the Leave campaign.
66% support sustained for that long is near impossible to achieve in Scotland I suspect. We need to be realistic, there is a portion of our population who are ardently loyalist and will never - under any circumstances - support a referendum to leave the UK. I'm not sure if they constitute 33% or not but I suspect the figure will be close to that.
If that did happen I'm honestly not convinced the UKs reputation would ever recover within the EU.
We're not yours to give.
It doesn't. They were not elected by Scots.
The Telegraph...
She's just Thatcher. I'm not just saying that because she is a Tory woman, she literally is just Thatcher. Has anyone checked her grave?
It doesn't really concern many in Scotland which particular right wing shitepilot the Tories pick to lead them down south. It's as relevant as the Labour leadership challenge will be: not very, they're all tossers.
It's not out of the blue. What is out of the blue is that people now believe they are right to actually express it beyond just nodding in agreement to some vicious tabloid headline or speech by Farage.
More than just people, whenever I switch on the TV and see a news report I get the distinct impression that the media don't believe it'll actually happen. Sure there's the dramatic lead stories and footage of Farage telling the Jerries to go fuck themselves but the overall narrative seems to be one of disbelief and in some cases outright defiance - heavy focus on the doubts around anyone pushing the Article 50 button etc.
Yep. Just look at the rapid growth of BF, EDL and increasingly more openly neo-nazi groups like NA. They've hardly been shy in showing their colours, they're all cut from a similar cloth that mostly settled down in the 90s before springing back up in the 00s.
I spent two years in NZ and could have easily settled there but work prospects were better for me back in the UK. Great country though, I had to think long and hard about leaving.
Pathetic showing. Wheres Gove? Johnson? Cameron clearly has washed his hands of just about everything going on and whilst the UK slips into economic chaos the people who are supposed to be responsible and very likely will be responsible for it shortly are either absent or just don't seem to give a shit. Labour also, what a fucking stupid time to stage a coup. When they had a real chance to capitalise on the mess the Conservatives have made they're barely held together as a party and Corbyn once again refuses to actually go for the jugular.
As predicted, no option other than Indy. Time for the rest of the Scottish political parties to decide their stance: UK out of EU or Scotland in EU.
Yep. UK has ruined its rep in the EU over the years and the ref just finishes that off.
America, we invented roundabouts for this. Get on it.
Ridiculously good if you're the type to get into these sorts of games. I don't treat it as a game, it's more like having a virtual model city set with every piece known to man to use. Hours of tinkering and constructing the ultimate city awaits... Mod/workshop content is key to enjoying it for me, there's just so much of it.
Sounds familiar...
May is a fucking psycho. I wish I could wrap my head around the Tory way of thinking, I really do. This sort of thing just confuses me no end, I want to be able to understand how anyone can look at these people and consider them decent politicians.
Referrandum Day?
I don't think there will be any rush. The groundwork needs to be in place for a genuine case to be made, there certainly cannot be any doubt as to the big questions of EU membership, currency plans etc. The SNP are gradualists, rushing is not in their DNA and despite some members/supporters desire to race into a second indyref it will not happen until the time is right. They didn't get to this point by rushing into things.
I've thought that for a while. Should be required equipment to operate a vehicle.
Ugh.
Aye it very much started again yesterday.
I know a couple like this as well. Spend most of the year in Spain, when they come back it's like listening to a human issue of the Daily Express, immigrants are ruining this country etc. Casual racism is the norm, throwing around words like 'paki' as if its a normal thing to do. Then they fuck off back to Spain. I've little doubt that they would have voted Leave.
It'll be right back on the table once she is elected. Just watch. An authoritarian like May doesn't change her spots overnight, she just knows that there's a certain amount of Tories who she needs to gain the support of at this time.
Coward.
More of a necessity that anything at this point. Eagle is no better than Corbyn if leadership is what they're looking for surely?
Statement from Carney.
I've heard the odd comment from people but for the most part people are fine with anyone who comes to work and pay tax. There will always be xenophobes in any country but they form no more significant a minority in Scotland than anywhere else. I think the initial wariness of Polish immigration is long gone though, I mean plenty of those first Polish people who came over have settled and raised families here etc. I think there's a broad recognition of the fact that Scotlands population needs to grow and we're not really having huge success in attracting people here over England. Due to long standing links between Scotland and Poland there may well be a more positive impression of Polish people amongst some Scots who know their history.
Then take it back. The fascist right have been defeated in Europe before, we'll do it again.
Scotland probably isn't the best place to find surprised opinions on the Conservative party given our long standing national distaste for them - only recently have they even stood the slightest chance up here. But yes, I do struggle to understand the mindset of their supporters, particularly the UK Conservatives as they all seem like such a slimy bunch... but then again I'm not a Tory, I clearly lack the gene to understand the appeal of bastards.
Fucks sake.
Put it this way: the Scottish Ambulance Service is the only ambulance service in the UK to operate fixed wing aircraft for a reason. It's expensive to provide adequate services in remote areas.
Really disappointed with how the media are reporting this. I mean I understand the need to report it but it's clear that the term 'fix room' is pretty pejorative and carries with it some negative connotations when the real aim is to reduce crime and improve the health of addicts. I'm behind the idea though, always supported the establishment of these facilities in Scotland. Drug addiction should be treated as a health issue only and the involvement of the criminal justice system in tackling it has had zero positive effect, time to try something different.
Winds up the brexiteers.
Should people have the right to not have imposed upon them something they specifically rejected by a large majority? Aye, I suppose.
Spot on. I always see it in the same way as when politicians on the right praise the NHS, emergency services etc... all they have is praise, nothing concrete like improved pay or working conditions. It's all about attempting to butter up the audience and most concerned see right through it.
Time to take the plunge, I really enjoyed this although I'm not sure the drill did.
Apathy.
If that is the case why does support/opposition for independence remain pretty much the same as the 2014 result? The SNP held the first referendum when a significant majority of Scots were anti-independence, why should it be different now? I know the unionist media seem to think it necessary to have their blessing to hold a referendum but I'm not sure the SNP should follow that thinking.
Just an old lamp, found it at a salvage yard. A quick google shows some kits of the same stuff though but given prices I'd say try thrift stores etc for old lamps first.
That'd be a dream, not something I'm thinking about just yet though. Do you? I think maybe I watch too much youtube and in comparison my own wood skills seem lacking.
Christ, they don't give up do they? Someone tell the right wing rags the election is over.
A match made in hell.
Good luck. I've always preferred the non-agency flats I've lived in because you have direct contact with the owner and they've all been reasonable in letting me change minor stuff but agencies sometimes make that difficult.
I wouldn't rely on Scots Tories, they were quite happy to forget about their pro-remain principles post referendum. They're all about the party and will do as they're told.
They're one of my favourites too, looks good and you've really managed to make these look like through-tenons, I didn't notice until I read the comment pointing it out.
Good one :)
&gt; "not going to agree to anything that could be construed as back-door funding to Northern Ireland". Like they were ever going to ask that useless bastards opinion.
&gt; Not really an identifiable party of English nationalism UKIP fit that bill, they made plenty of noise about Barnett this election too.
This time its cash for sash
Since they had the downright temerity to support self-governance, the nasty nat bastards.
No doubt the majority of them would describe themselves as unionists also.
Ahh democracy.
Scottish Greens.
Whats the point in wasting money standing in FPTP elections you can't win? Just to please unionists who won't vote for them anyway?
Let's be honest though - even if the SNP won at Holyrood again in 2021 with a manifesto pledge to hold a referendum the unionists would refuse to acknowledge it and we'll just be back at the same place. There are no circumstances now (as far as I can see) where unionist parties will agree to another referendum.
Aye, I'm sure the Westminster parliament will really listen to the SNP... It's Labour who need to be pushing federalism and they consistently fail to do so for the simple reason that England does not want it.
He doesn't like reality. I'll just leave him to it.
Yeah, you could. Google isn't a government though.
I wouldn't choose to call myself British, no. I mean that's for reasons beyond brexit but it hardly helps to be represented by a bunch of delusional right wingers.
Disgraceful. Many people with many reasons to dislike the Tories, doesn't justify abuse and grafitti etc but unfair to blame Labour.
Yep, although a certain amount move into private work or into other areas of NHS the majority will just take a far less stressful/better paid job elsewhere. I've known of people ditching it to go work in supermarkets - similar pay, far better conditions.
So Theresa's SoS for Scotland lies and she doesn't want to admit to it.
That's hilarious. It was just some twitter wind up and Tory journos fell for it.
Doesn't really seem fair on the dog, everyone knows dogs hate Tories too.
Beautiful work, how is the birch to turn?
Aye, I suppose it's changed days. I used to go with my mum to the post office to collect the child benefit, I suppose now it's all paid into bank accounts so not so obvious. I still think it's a particularly cruel and callous policy though and I'm not convinced it'll have any effect other than to further child poverty.
Could well be, I suppose easiest way to clear that up is to email record - i'll get round to that.
I'm not sure the Tories have ever owned up to an error, certainly nothing as big as this. I really can't see it happening, too many careers and reputations on the line for the brexit ship to change course in any meaningful way. They'll muddle through and if it doesn't go well they'll attempt to deflect blame.
I'm sure brexit will help.
I believe its decided by the SoS for Northern Ireland, James Brokenshire. Hell of a decision to make, both will kick off a shitstorm. Personally I think another assembly election is the one likely to cause less of a shitstorm but it'll be a grubby campaign, especially after last time.
It'll be fine, I'm sure. Tories will look after us.
Cringe.
Tories were about to lose a vote so had to u-turn to take it off the table.
I'll fight for him.
Good.
Mon the Québecois!
Yep. In the places where I've seen a bottle/can deposit scheme it just becomes normal to take your empties to the supermarket, feed them in the machine and use the returned value against your shopping.
The bisacodyl will probably beat the loperamide. Might still be a bit of a struggle but bisacodyl is some feral stuff, I think you'll be fine lad.
Aye great, just keep pumping out the shite. British print media is a global joke because of this attitude. You should expect better.
True. Have they ever got to the bottom of who wrote that awful manifesto? It was like she was trying to throw the election, if she couldn't have relied on brexiteer votes she would have been fucked.
That was the story but Timothy is still around in some capacity isn't he? Not heard much about Fiona Hill, I'd honestly be surprised of they were that influential and were properly exiled though, might have been more of a media stunt.
Aye, when I think radical I think Jackie Baillie and Iain Gray.
Chase them out while you've got the chance. They'll do their best to infect Irish politics if they're not dealt with.
My googling shows that Ireland is spending more on healthcare than Scotland...
? You're in /r/Scotland arguing your position as an Irish person? OK? I don't really know what I'm supposed to make of this comment. I wouldn't expect you to have a position on Scotland's governance...
What? stop that.
What the fuck is the Transport minister doing in Qatar? This is like when the Scotland minster fucked of to Paraguay for a holiday and tried to pretend he was working. These Tories are taking the piss out of the public.
Try governing your country properly? Here's to the protesters, hopefully change is coming.
Wtf I read that thinking I had to be reading newsthump or something...
Agreed. There's a danger of SNP MPs forgetting why they've been elected in many cases. Losing sight of the fact that every vote for the SNP is supposed to be a vote for an independent Scotland isn't a good thing. Don't get me wrong, they can do more than push for independence but to pretend it isn't an issue is foolish.
&gt; Is 22 years old old enough to take anything extremists say seriously? As a fully capable, mentally mature adult...? Yeah, it's old enough.
No chance, especially since the industry has become so highly politicised. Plenty of politicians will stand up to offer a free for all in return for votes.
Country with much more thinly spread population and distant island communities costs more to provide health services than country with dense population. Country with need for an ambulance service operating fixed wing aircraft more expensive than country with no need. Country with higher proportion of elderly, retired people living in remoter areas costs more than country with more younger people living in cities. See how this goes?
What a broken fucking system. The place is overflowing with useless old codgers gathering dust on the occasions they show up for their allowance. Every fucking year it grows because the crony-balance of the place has to be maintained. A small handful do a good job, the rest are just rejected politicians from both sides who no longer have to worry about being booted out of office, a glut of toffs and people there because of their religion.
Just go out and practice somewhere quiet - between some shipping containers or whatever. Best tip is to just start turning quickly to hard lock when your rear window lines up with the bumper of the car alongside you. Works most of the time.
They're going to attack Labour regardless of what they do. Why the hell do you care? It's not like the DM are ever going to be anything other than frothing, reactionary right wingers. Fuck 'em. They can be taken on.
Fat bastards.
Well.. yeah. He's not a suitable leader. Of course, that hasn't stopped the Tories electing some real horrors in the past though. It's quite clear that a stuck up caricature like JRM isn't the sort of person to take on Corbyn though.
Probably not. Over the years Barrs have adjusted a lot of their recipes to use less sugar. I think it has been done for cost reasons, stuff like their cola, red cola, pinappleade, limeade, cream soda etc. all use a mix of sugar and sweeteners these days. They probably think they can do the same thing with Irn Bru - maybe they're right though, mixing sugar with artificial sweeteners is less noticeable than switching to 100% artificial sweeteners. They do use the cheapest sweeteners available though, better ones like sucralose are more expensive.
So much of the UK media is guilty of promoting the far right and making her career a viable one. I realise the 'respectable' media dropped her a while ago but they provided her with her launchpad. Maybe think a little more about the kind of toxic personalities that are being given a route to career success. I think the next one will be Isabel Oakeshott, she's pushing the arsehole angle harder than ever and still gets her slot on Question Time.
She's taking the UK out of the EU. She's doing what UKIP want. What the fuck is wrong with these stupid kipper bastards? The UK was always independent.
A whole generation is.
I can't work out why Theresa doesn't realise that cutting a few of these arseholes in her party down to size would do a world of good for her public image.
Write an apology note and deliver it to them by tying it to a brick and throwing it into the shop at night.
I see the OBFA as an effort to tackle sectarianism in Scottish society, a very long standing problem with a history of violence. We don't have a long standing problem of alt-right fuckwits making edgy videos about nazi dogs. Lets say in fifty years (or whatever) that we have the problem of a communities of alt-right fuckwits who have turned their alt-right fuckwittery into a sort of sport, or made sure it's associated with a sport. Lets say that alt-right fuckwits form a football team and generate a huge following of alt-right fuckwit fans who then get into fights with other alt-right fuckwits, involving innocent bystanders and the sketchy support of even worse groups of fuckwits with a habit of shooting or blowing up people. Then we might need legislation to try and tackle that.
There's absolutely no reason to consider him a liberal in a British political context. You used it to mean the American definition if "he's not a frothing right winger" Sorry but you could quite easily hop on Twitter and look at this guy's support not to mention the fact he's dragged along that alt right poster girl to his trial. He's been pictures with Tommy fucking Robinson you clown. What the hell has happened to people's critical thinking abilities?
Why the hell does the EC not do it's own ongoing investigations? Why is it always the case that stuff needs to be brought to them before they'll take the initiative and look into it? Do they just have no capacity to root out breaches? edit: jesus Tom Gordon branded this as an exclusive... doesn't that usually apply to a story that the journo themselves dug up and not one stolen from a blog?
It's actually quite cheap. That's part of the problem.
&gt; "understand you are different in a divisive way and people wont like you for it, so get on with life" Holy fuck. Fuck you man, seriously.
British farmers will be crushed by US imports in many cases. Land is cheap out there and production costs are lower. This isn't just an issue for consumers, farmers should really be asking questions of the brexiteers and their motivations because many of them should fear the possibility of being forced to compete with a farming industry across the Atlantic.
Yeah. If what has emerged recently is in any way true people should be very concerned about the apparent ill health of the US president.
Well I'd argue that he made a political mistake in that it has caused severe damage to his party's brand. They're suffering now because of that decision. I don't doubt he took the decision for good reasons, I just don't think the long term effect was considered.
The problem with Labour is that they are supposed to be a member led party in terms of policy. There's no denying that they have a problem in that the membership, supporters and voters aren't exactly of the same opinion but if attempting to solve this dilemma means ignoring the membership... that's not sustainable imo, they're going to kick off an almighty war in their party if they don't find a solution.
Good man. We need to get over this apparent fear of declaring yourself to be pro-EU (and/or anti-Brexit). We didn't see any similar hesitations amongst eurosceptics pre-referendum and we (naturally) don't see it post-referendum. They're brexiteers and they're proud of it, they're openly hostile to Europe and proud of it. If you believe brexit is shit then you should also remember that there's a huge pool of voters who agree. Having principles is not a bad thing, voters like to know what they're getting in fact. Being too wishy washy, too afraid, too scared of the consequences leads to politicians who flip-flop on issues and voters hate that. Adonis doesn't have to worry about being elected, that probably makes it a lot easier for him to be hostile towards brexit but it's also not guaranteed that similar hostility towards brexit would be the kiss of death for an elected politician either. 48% represents a _lot_ of votes up for grabs and Theresa May/UKIP aren't interested in those votes, they've gone out of their way to ignore them in fact. Someone needs to step up and benefit from these people who are currently largely unrepresented on the issue of brexit.
I'll be honest and state that pretty much everything you've mentioned just makes me cringe. I view most of the pageantry, silly outfits and idolisation much as I do when I see it going on in North Korea. I accept that I'm in the minority there though so for the most part I hold my tongue. I'm just waiting for the opportunity to move on from this embarassing and (in my view) pointless traditionalism through democratic means.
Express have been sitebanned for vote manipulation. Express &amp; DM are banned from wikipedia (wikipedia for fucks sake) due to ongoing accuracy problems.
I'll probably just pretend to abandon but quietly look on in horror. Like a nasty car crash.
Ahh yeah I remember that. I always kick myself for spending the time to think of someone I'd consider slightly obscure when I could have just come out with some big names and still won. Politics is one of my favourite categories along with chemical elements. Seaborgium is a consistent winner.
Yeah. I've always wondered if there's a sort of strategy guide in play amongst the SNP leadership that largely amounts to "ignore them" because it often feels like that is the tactic that's being used. I suppose in some respects it could be seen as a good tactic though... in political terms the SNP haven't been phased by a near universally hostile and powerful media. Possibly slightly in recent years - it could well change. It's been pretty solidly going on for over ten years now though, it ramps up every now and then but there's a lot of evidence that points to the the press (and the opposition via the press) being pretty unimportant these days. I'd hope that strategy would change in response to evidence though, I feel that maybe there's been a slight softening of behaviour and rhetoric under Sturgeon but I can't point to anything in particular... maybe I just miss the regular roasting that Alex Salmond dished out to many of his opponents over the years.
There's also this very obvious reluctance to emulate a lot of European models. The UK gov seems to spend a lot of time coming up with solutions to issues and policies that often seem to ignore evidence that could be easily found in neighbouring countries. There's a sense of stubbornness to a lot of British politics, a belief that emulation is somehow weak.
Corbyn's only use is in winding up Tories. Sorry Labour folk but you've elected a brexiteer.
You're the fool and your party are as complicit as the Tories in this brexit disaster.
Let's not also forget them going into coalition with Tories in local elections. Labour have some big questions to answer in Scotland over their loyalties, for the most part they're just let away with this sort of shenanigans.
Green, PC. It's easier to describe such a grouping as "everyone who isn't a Tory"
Looking forward to the tapes. Also expecting the inevitable appeal to peoples emotions that is going to form the basis of the Trump defence - after all if he didn't know what he was doing how can he be guilty?
