Valyrian Steel, forged with dragonfire.
Its slightly off everywhere in the world, more the further you are a way from the UK.
I put blonde highlights in my hair, which is black... It never quite bleached right, ended up with an ugly copper.
Thanks for the handbook link, I've got to re-test for my license in july and wondered if they had one digitally available. The yield sign at Fayetteville and I-40 near Southpoint enrages me sometimes with the number of drivers that power through it, then honk at you when you don't slow for them.
Or until he turned down Batman Begins.
$100 mil is whole contract, but they are talking ~45 guaranteed in lots of places.
0-1, Sept 30 2012 against ATL.
Near the new bridge over 40 behind the mall.
"Moral fibre? I invented moral fibre! Pappy O'Daniel was displaying rectitude and high-mindedness when that egghead you work for was still messing his drawers!"
I was on my bike doing a time trial, so I didn't stop.
Gayliens!
Actually doing an international Tri on Sunday, just a practice run at maintaining solid speed.
By god and sunny jesus if you are fucking with me...
Since I discovered Isopure I have not gone back to making them myself. The coffee-espresso flavor tastes just like a jamoca shake, when made with almond milk.
I liked the strawberry and cream, but this coffee knocks it out of the park! I'm interested in the banana as well.
Maybe you should see your doctor.
Worked great for Sega and the Saturn.
Check your bash profile or rc for a command its attempting to run that isn't avail on your system.
Yeah, so I've got an Olympic Tri on Sunday... I'm not sweating it.
Not an error, he said capital of the country in which the space needle is located to show it wouldn't confuse the Washingtons.
Guy number 1: Buy yourself a duck. Guy number 2: Submit that shit, and wait for the first bug reports.
EPEL are fedora packages that didn't make the redhat stable cut, but are useful for EL installations. Rpmfusion is a third party repo with a lot of other packages. There used to be a similar RPMForge repo for EL but its kind of defunct now.
When the "Lord of Light" brings her back, healed of Greyscale, you're all gonna be right back on the Stannis bandwagon.
You could copy the contents to a usb key or whatever, move it to your system and set up the folder as a local repo source.
How did you do? It was my first "long distance" and I set my goals and blew them out of the water, posting my fastest swim and bike times ever, but was in a lot of pain for the run and had to walk a portion. 3:33:29
Same with the bill he just vetoed about magistrates excusing themselves.
Second this, I'm full Keto Adapted, just finished an International on Sunday and felt great (energy-wise) the whole time, off some bacon, eggs, and cheese 2 hours before race, and half of a Quest protein bar between bike and run.
ressurection res-erection
Buddy of mine I did the race with about died on the swim and was cramping up the whole time for bike/run...
My buddy's garmin short-distanced our swim by 200 meters on Sunday, so we were wondering if it were an accuracy issue.
[Her](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/8NxeO2BPNaf_zIyxaoUQCxTcp8rz3Mbj49VMr1Nl6C5S=w581-h869-no), I want to be around to walk her down the aisle in 25 years... and not just walk, but be able to dance like a fool!
Sometimes it takes an entire generation of new medical students to accept and apply advancements in teaching in a certain subject. Note that the HCLF diet has been taught as gospel truth for almost a half century now, which accounts for at least 5 generations of medical experts trained to think that way.
Thanks.
The Stairwell from Hell!
Normally I am Tri-Training, but I am taking a month off for recuperation, and basic muscle strengthening, so my cardio is cut a lot, and thus caloric burn are going to decrease a lot, so I'm just trying to prepare.
I don't have an actual mother-in-law, as she passed away a few years before I met my wife, though I think she'd have been quite awesome. My father-in-law's current girlfriend is absolutely terrible, but it's a whole different degree. There are people you like, and people you don't like... and then there are people that are just plain bad people... she's one of the latter.
Christopher Lee died Sunday, they just announced it today.
Its essentially all broccoli and spinach for me currently.
Where is that airing, I've seen two ads not to here in NC.
Oreo Mint Milkshake
Some play of wording? "Lord of light, I beseech you, raise unto us our one true king." Cut scene, Jon sits up.
Yakko's World
Congrats dude, on my way to meet you shortly, I hope.
My wife said, blood doesn't run that way on ice... Kinda creeped me out.
This was my thought, did I miss something? Edit: Downvotes but no answer... Excellent.
I guess Mr Gorsky's getting anal tonight.
Thanks, it's my general line of thinking right now.
This I was worried about, not to mention the Las Vegas factor.
He said he was coming back y'all. What did you expect?
Pennywise, I caught the beginning of IT when I was like 8 at my grandparents house, and don't think I actually ever watched it through till I was in my 20s. By then it looked so stupid.
It is, they call it the Faces Set.
Was that Dodongo?
The freakin' floor being lava... How the hell am I supposed to get from my bed to the toilet, I've gotta pee.
They come running up to me when I'm looking at the 4k 65" tv... then they realize I'm not going to buy it then and there, and poof! Jimmy Hoffa.
You will likely find quite a few differing libs and it won't install.
Advil.
I've been doing triathlons for almost a year now, and I notice I have a lot more stage 3 energy than my compatriots.
Get a little more creative, he only has to buy the people that won't already vote for him, and only has to get 50+% of one of the major EC states to swing the election...
There's a fee they charge students and staff, and you can only access if you have an affiliate ID to the university.
I am member at the Durham Y, the downtown branch isn't far from duke, easy drive or bike. I used to go to Millinium Fitness on Hillsborough, not far from campus either.
Look its not what he is that matters, but how he identifies. When he gets back, we'll ask him...
I love them, the caramel chocolate nut roll really tastes like a Baby Ruth and is my goto snack when my wife breaks out chocolate and ice cream.
Trad wings at BW3, just make sure you stick to buffalo sauce.
Be a TMo customer now, no contract, they do something dumb, walk away.
TWC for cable/internet together. Frontier for DSL although they advertise 6mbps around the area and 12 in downtown durham, they've only been able to deliver 3mbps at my house.
Tee-ball.
I actually only discovered this race existed because I read this story last week. Total bummer, I don't even have a super nice bike, but you bet my gear goes in the hotel room with me.
Man I can pick up 5-6 pounds of water weight overnight depending on what I eat, 8 lbs for a pro athlete I'm not too concerned about.
Our actual wedding cake was more traditional, but my grooms cake was an xbox360 with a copy of Arkham Asylum.
Busy... So scratch omnipotent and omnipresent... Only one leg to stand on...
You'll likely have some questions about certain characters, but you should def play Asylum and City anyways because they are marvelous.
See that thing there... That's called a fence, an attempt to contain the danger, and protect the safety of others.
Probably a cool chick like my wife. Dude's lucky.
My wife thought it was quite cute as well.
Heavy whipping cream and unsweeted almond milk first thing in the morning, no sugar. Black and night the rest of the day.
Another One Bites the Dust
I know two other couples that are Liz and Dave... very interesting.
Look, I don't know about you, but I see Metallo, Scarecrow, Harley Quinn, and Catman... I fail to see the problem here.
Death, by Ogbonnaya!
Fallout: New Vegas
Real IMAX is a wonderful to see, your peripheral vision is totally consumed, very nice chairs and the sound quality is phenomenal.
The digital IMAX is bs, but still quite a bit better than any theatre in town. It's all I will watch, and why I also only go to the cinema like 3 times a year.
I'm excited, until they change the battle system, the materia system, and the story... They've already said it won't be just a HD skinned version of the same game.
There's a nasty pothole in the bike lane on MLK at one point that I discovered the hard ward. I stay on the sidewalk through that area, have had quite a few police officers drive by while riding without the slightest bit of interest in me. I don't think that citation is worth their time.
This is where the no-preorder policy will come in so handy.
That's basically my policy, ask me to do something and I will go out of my way to help... Demand I do something... Yeah, that's a ballgame, goodnight.
I mean organizing it as a group will get us nowhere I agree, but I really never sat back and thought about the disappointment I've experienced for super hyped games I had preordered til someone here brought it up and I was like... Wait a minute. I want Arkham Knight so bad, but I'm at a conference all next week, I'll read some reviews and the go out and pick it up Friday.
That has always been one of my favorite trivia questions... Which of these large cats is not related: Leopard, Jaguar, Panther, or Cheetah. Most people only think about the spots and get the question wrong.
Call me a homer, but seeing a Colts/Panthers Superbowl would be a blast for the YoungQB showcase. The last several years have all featured at least one veteren QB.
I was going 5+, I must've counted wrong.
Like any large city there are good and bad spots. School performance ratings are based on an average of standardized test scores, and unfortunately a large portion of the school enrollment in Durham is lower SES, which skews the overall scores terribly. Each school is different, call and take a tour, see what you think.
Had there been a car right there I would've likely been clipped, as it kicked me out to the side, but it was like 10:30am and fairly deserted.
They copied their dbs off a few hours before.
I wish it surprised me the way it declared my standing... I tried my best to be specific in each question instead of accepting straight yes/no.
I don't wanna leave the jungle, no no, no no no no.
Don't give him the benefit of an accelerant...
The car cuts over quick and hard brakes to get rear-ended and an insurance claim. Sometime they try to extort money from the other driver not to file. In this case, no collision ever happened, and the car in front called the cops to report it anyways. Fortunately it was all caught on camera, and he was arrested for false report.
[X-Clown](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=y_tk9MFKAVs) often considered the greatest play in Panthers history.
You hear about it every now and again... Unfortunately there are assholes everywhere.
I like the AMC at Southpoint. Clean, cool, and usually plenty of times for new releases.
So I know he's Damien's bio-dad, and he adopted Dick... Has he also adopted Tim? I'm a little out of the loop.
...and none of that ever happened.
I just did an Olympic Tri fully keto adapted a few weeks back a d ran circles around the guy I train with... ID like to say I'm surprised, but I know how good this feels.
Easiest way it was explained to me. A carbohydrate chain can take 3 forms: simple, complex, fibrous. Imagine braiding a simple thread with others to make a thicker rope. Simple Carbs are what we call sugar... quick energy burn, and gone, the body uses these for primary sources of energy. Complex Carbs are what we call starches... the energy burn lasts a bit longer, which is why they are recommended for athletes and such for endurance energy. Also why "standard diets" make them a staple. Fibrous Carbs are what we call fiber... at this point the rope is so thick we can't use it... the body dispels this as waste material. (Fiber makes you poop.) The point is, on US labels all 3 are combined in the Total Carbohydrate Nutrition column. As we cannot digest the fiber we do not count it in the Net Carbohydrate count. If you use MFP set your macros accordingly and check your nutrition count, you see your total carbs, and you see your fiber consumed... Try to make sure any extra carbs you use are &lt;= to fiber consumed.
Headed out on Tues morning will be there mid-day and staying til late afternoon Friday.
I wanted to go to the RHEL7.1 and the OpenStack sessions they had. I registered for summit back in Jan/Feb but never saw anywhere on the website where you could pick sessions, only once I got the email about the App last Thurs, and by then all the lab sessions were full. Kind of bummed out.
My original wording was along the lines of burns a bit longer but still quickly used up.
I've liked the idea exposed on here of watching the films in the order of 4-5-2-3-6 and disregard 1. 1 stands alone and almost every plot point introduced during it is wrapped up by the end. Actors and such change between 1-2 as well, and it's really just not needed. This order also retains many of the plot twists and exciting reveals that you will be cheated out of watching them in 1-6 order.
I grab some isopure espresso but make it with unsweetened almond milk and a tablespoon of HWC to give it a little extra body.
Travelling to Boston tomorrow... Packing Cam Newton jersey.
It's our very own Loch Ness Monster.
The only obvious question I have is whether or not the disk is being identified as vda by your system. KVM usually creates /dev/vda, but other hypervisors emulate block devices differently. If you boot into a manual install does it show up as an acceptable install location?
I alternate workouts daily throughout the week, brick on Saturday and take Sunday off. I'd start off small, usually a 15 min bike, followed by a 5 min run... Add a percent each week until you're where you want to be.
Saturdays when i have more time for bricking. Nope, my 5 days a week are usually R, S, B, S, R... Next and it rotates... S, B, R, B, S...
Enjoy your 39.99 two week delivery once there's no competition...
I still want a DirecTV commercial where he appears as Wayne's World Villain Rob Lowe.
In NC a magistrate can withdraw from performance of any marriage in order to avoid issuing licenses to same-sex couples.
Before they passed that law they had several magistrates straight up resign in protest of the court ruling. When the new law passed the local news went and interviewed some of those people asking if they wanted their jobs back now...
I saw that some predicted they'd get both this and Burwell out around the same time and call it a weekend, but if they postponed either announcement til Monday it was to soften the blow... When I saw there was an announcement this morning I was pretty sure what was going down.
Is his birthday too!!!
The law does require them to recuse themselves from performing any marriages, if they so choose thus technically not discriminating.
I'd be up for a code and coffee event. I've never been much for development, always found CS tasks tedious, but would like to pick up some new skills and have fun.
The Harvey Fierstein character was his brother.
Well what the hell am I supposed to do with all these marshmallows.
My favorite thus far is one of the boroughs of Gotham is named '[Otisburg](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tWiwYApseDk)'.
To be fair, we've been at war 222/239 years we've been in existence.
It's just a little place Mister Luthor.
So seriously, I played Destiny til the first expansion... bought it, played it like a week longer, and haven't played it at all since. Am I missing anything?
I hope there's a dance this year, they always turn out so well.
Granite Falls Sprint April Kerr Lake International June UNC Super Sprint July OBX Half Sept I have a few other run-only events laced in there as well. And trying to fit another Int in early August.
Basically I'm meeting up with the friend I do big events with and we are looking at doing the same, grabbing a vacation rental for that weekend.
Holy Shit!!! It's Mongo!
It sounds so godawful that I need to try it and see if I survive.
Say what you will about Trump, but that is fundraising genius.
Gallbladder attacks, for a month or two before they figured out what it was because I was "too young".
I have one of the [mouse pad antennas]( http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00IF70T4M/ref=mp_s_a_1_3?qid=1451773298&amp;amp;sr=8-3&amp;amp;pi=SL75_QL70&amp;amp;keywords=50+mile+antenna+indoor) with 50 mile range, it is directional still so you have to have it set right in your house, I get 38 channels right now, when you include the sub-stations, only beef is I don't get abc11 at all, even though I can pick up some stations from Greensboro. It works for CBS, NBC, Fox for football, and gets the CW for the other shows I watch, so I'm usually covered.
It was the first one, he was the main villain.
My apartment let me rent one of their storage garages for the weekend, it worked out quite well for me, put down some cardboard to ensure the area stayed clean.
I had to fly alone with my daughter last thanksgiving, just shy of a year old. I could see the other passengers dreading that seat next to me on a nearly full flight. She watched Jungle Book on my tablet for about 5 mins, and slept the rest of the way.
Loot Kill Return
Dammit Philly, go to your room and think about what you did.
You go earn it yourself. :)
On that backside replay you couldn't tell, but from it front it was painfully obvious.
Is the Jeff Fisher Tie happening?
He throwing a forward pass...
Your George Seifert and the one I remember weren't the same guy...
It's like in College Bball, everyone hates Duke, but Duke only really has vitrol for Carolina.
Was that when it was like 50-nil one week, then same score but reversed the week after?
At least you didn't learn this from having a roommate that dips.
He always seemed like a Zima guy to me...
Thanks, it was early and I was lazy... Now I want to remember what game it was I was thinking of.
3 due to Funchess in particular early on before he figured out how to catch bullets. Hang around Superman kid, he'll take you under his wing.
Jeff Fisher let us down...
Based on the whole "SuperBowl 50" and the big deal that the NFL has made out of it this year, and I understand they are both good teams with talented players, but, if both the Packers and the Chiefs can successfully navigate this bracket and meet in the Superbowl you will never again be able to convince me that the NFL isn't rigged.
We needed the tie for the perfect nfc west parity.
So is this implying that Deadpool in XMO:W is still valid in the current continunity?
I've seen enough Hentai to know that this can't end well...
Trash day they note where trees are, this way they can provide the service without having to canvas the whole city.
I only do a shake after aggressive exercise and use it as part of my recovery. Isopure makes some good powders that are 1carb or less per serving. I love their espresso flavor.
Someone who saw *54* one too many times...
US Air calls Charlotte their home hub on the east coast... Not surprised to see this.
It could be the trend of using your grandmother's maiden name as a first name that got hot in the 90s.
Apparently me wife, since Netflix announced the reunion she's talked about nothing else.
Know any Moira's, people around here look at my daughter like she's an alien.
I know everyone loves the hawks right now, and they are looking good, but an early game @ Minnesota where they are calling for 0F is going to test them a bit.
Electronic meat thermometer, like 20 bucks, literally changed the entire way I grill.
I was told that the city/county school facilities weren't open to the public.
A lot of them end up with us for a while.
I figure they just make Winston player-coach, dude knows what he's doing, right?
The year he was drafted was the first year that I was old enough to watch and appreciate the draft, the anticipation around our pick and stuff, my uncle is a big UGA guy and went on and on about him...
Especially if we can corelate that another set of pick-sixes.
Then have your boys go take care of business the next three weekends. :)
That was mine too, gotta finish that game from last year. Pulling for you but my faith dropped a bit with the loss of Dalton. Looking like he may be back though, so fingers crossed.
Bourbon... Or that charcoal filtered shit from down south...
I don't know I think there might have been a few more forced throws in one direction expecting the big man to go up and make the catch... having to work with the receiving core we have he had to use his progressions more and find the open man.
I totally think the raiders should go there so they and the Spurs so San Antonio can be the Silver and Black Attack city.
Growing up in KY the argument was always too close to Cincy/Indy. When the Rams moved to St Louis, and I recall before the Titans came, there were rumors of the Bengals moving to Louisville, then they approved their new stadium, and it was the nail in the coffin for Louisville.
They talked about getting a pro team in Louisville a few years back, I think they made a bid to have the Hornets when they left Charlotte, said they could play at YUM! but Rick Pitino vetoed it, and without a valid stadium even as a temp site, it never happened.
I find it interesting that range where 17-21 all made the top 10. They were rolling on all cylinders.
Bobby Heenan: "Whose side is he on?!?" Sciavone: "What are you talking about?" Dusty: "Go get em Hogan!" Outsiders clear the ring, terrified he's there, then... The leg drop heard round the world. I was watching on scramblevision, and listening to the announcers was like my moon landing.
I know a lot of people who loved 'The Phantom Menace' on first viewing, I saw it in theatres 3 times, it only soured on me a few years later. I recall a reviewer at the time wrote an honestly negative review about it, and people really let him have it. Point is, opinions are opinions, and peoples views on particular items are want to change over time.
Well the lifestyle, it sustains us. Here we are now, entertainers!
You just have to decide to allow it if it's required, else err on the secure side. Adobe isn't providing updates for flash for Linux beyond the current 11.5.
Unfortunately have to have it to view things like vsphere web client in prod... It blows.
No, just the feel you prefer really, both with have the various compilers available. Almost everything I run in prod DC is Redhat based, so I use fedora, just because it's what I'm used to.
That one play without announcers was phenomenal.
Death by Sunu Sunu.
I say you move the pro-bowl to the hall of fame game, and get those that win the previous season to represent, kind of acts as a first preseason game with a few reps per player, and gets people excited to see all the stars out to open the season.
Gratze!
The problem is you give a friend or family member say 1 mil, and say that should take care of you, and they get mad, wonder why you didn't give them 5...
Apparently not... Once he was able to establish control, he only had one foot in.
http://youtu.be/-tfLncD3pGM
I'm just the opposite, I prefer the shock and awe of stopping and reversing their momentum directly into the ground and standing over their crumpled bodies.
*You can't just put something between two slices of bread, and call it a sandwich. Is a loaf of bread, a bread sandwich?*
Pete Carroll always has the "Well shucks, that didn't work." Look on his face, whether the play was intentional or not.
I wouldn't know, Ron frowns all the time...
I want them, game is going to be so Hype, and I'm tired of hearing about how they're the best team in football. To be the best, you've got to beat the best, I'd like to have them and AZ in our house.
Agreed, its whomever shows up with their A game, two weeks ago we shit the bed in ATL, last week the Cards did the same, and we don't really want to talk about your previous division tussle... Point is we're all good teams, and as they say in Highlander, "In the end, there can be only one."
Its been proven, if you want to be president you have to connect with the common man of Ohio. What better place?
So Matt at QB, and the Punter from Seattle...
