Alexandra Daddario is a fox.
Gal, not doll.
The body of the birthday kid's missing sister.
I would totally do that, but I'd end up looking like a cancer patient.
Little Blue Chips League?
I feel bad for you guys, shelling out all that cash in the offseason.
&gt;Leave it to americans Why don't you start posting about the amazing Swedish Air Force in that subreddit so you can change their minds and make it more international?
Nice neck tattoo, asshole.
Should have made her drive a cab until she got twice the amount of money as the fare she jumped, and then have it given to the cab driver.
I declare... Bankruptcy!!
&gt;RAUL JULIA – STREET FIGHTER (1994) yeesh.
He's so famous, he's IN the famous!
With over a billion people, it's not like having gay people is going to hurt anything...
Encyclopedias.
Minneapolis checking in. The combination of good pay, affordable housing, and top notch public education is pretty damn awesome.
This is why I like shopping at the more upscale grocery stores once in a while. Almost all of their stock is fresh and new.
No one has tried sticking my penis in a bucket of popcorn.
Rob, best friend of Barry Potter. He has a sister named Jenny, twin brothers named Gerald and Frank.
It'll get logged one day. I guarantee it.
And the top rated park system in the US!
Peanut butter, jelly, thyme. And a baseball bat.
Oh deer.
&gt;I'm american and a baseball fan and this still makes no sense to me There's no way you're a baseball fan and can't figure it out. The score is 5 - 4 in the bottom of the fifth inning. There's one out and no one is on base.
Rowdy Roddy Piper vs Keith David, "They Live." Chingachgook vs Magua, "The Last of the Mohicans." Brennan Conlon vs Koba, "Warrior." Zhang Ziyi vs Michelle Yeoh, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." Jet Li vs Donnie Yen, "Hero."
Folding origami.
They also eat almost anything if it's cooked in enough oil.
Vargidan. Unigas.
Kyatchi in Minneapolis.
I agree.
I think about when I should stop the microwave. Why wait when you can pull the handle with 2 second left?
To my backyard to drink a beer and smoke a cigarette.
How high do they get in boardroom meetings?
Supposably. Even if you pronounce it incorrectly, it's still a moo point.
Cap'n Crunch Wrap Supreme.
It depends on the sound, not the letter.
It's not Korean.
The worst is Breyer's. They cut it with so much shit that it no longer contains enough milk or cream to be considered ice cream. The packages now say "frozen dessert."
Take sardines in tomato sauce, and fry it in a pan with some olive oil. Take a baguette and slice it in half lengthwise. Spread the sardines between the bread, then add julienned cucumbers, thin tomato slices, and cilantro. Quite honestly one of the best sandwiches.
Well made stuffing should be baked until the top layer is crispy.
Mexican coke.
I'll try to take a photo next time I'm there. I could be mistaken.
I'm Vietnamese and this is how my mom always did it when we were kids. I agree that the whole baguette should be baked in the oven until just crisp. Frying the sardines helps to caramelize them and the tomatoes. It deepens the flavor without making the sardines too soft.
What about Colombian coke?
Probably not worth much, but the guy probably thinks about it every day. It eats at him. Everything he does has a tinge of guilt.
I loved having Shadowmere. Greatest dragon distraction.
How to use time outs properly. You tell them they're in a time out, usually a minute for every year of age. After the time is done, tell them time out is over and then leave the room. Do not talk to them about it and give them attention. Make them be the one to come back out and rejoin the family. The anxiety and other feelings act as the future deterrent. I learned this from a psychiatrist who has worked for decades with children who have severe behavioral issues. It makes a hell of a lot of sense, and it has worked wonders with my kid who does not have severe issues.
Serious comment. Wear some swimming goggles. Problem solved.
Sean Bean is in it. I wonder when he dies.
My family emigrated here when I was 5 years old. I didn't know a single word of English. In one summer of watching Sesame street, I learned enough to start kindergarten.
Your mom looks like Chutney from Legally Blonde.
Just tell them that the shift starts at 9:45am.
Did it happen on Sunday? It's the day you kick off your shoes, and his foot is indeed loose.
Was the seller named Nigel West Dickens?
~~Cutter~~ Gutter is a tool! EDIT: Gutter. Thanks be to /u/Waggy777
&gt;Mr. Buttstuff Who do you think you are?
I've gone my whole life thinking it was Cutter. In my defense, I haven't seen PCU since the mid 90s when it was out on Pay Per View and we had a descrambler box :)
I was playing RDR the other day, and had just gotten past the part where Irish lies about the location of the gatling and you end up slaughtering a bunch of guys. I whistled for my horse and instead of taking the road down to me, it launched itself off the cliff above and landed on me and killed me.
I would position myself toward the ends where the fan would stop for just a fraction longer. So good.
It'd be great if more companies granted the same maternity/paternity benefits to those who are adopting. My company allows 10 days of leave for adoption. TEN. And if you and your spouse both work there, it gets split between the two of you.
In a lot of municipalities, driving with a suspended license is in the same crime category as a DUI. No joke.
Luke, I am your fatha!
And...?
It's the humidity that I can't handle. I actually just bought a huge Lasko 20" Cyclone fan. The thing is a beast and I'm probably not going to need to turn on my AC until it hits about 90 degrees indoors.
I'm in Minnesota. We were immigrants and didn't have a whole lot of money. When we finally got an A/C window unit, our whole family slept together on the floor in front of it.
I'm like that in a car. Need to have the fan blowing.
I am here with you.
That's the one. The thing moves a lot of air. Love it so far.
Mmm. Powdered farts.
Except in the summers when temperatures peak in the high 90s or occasionally 100, and the humidity is high.
I'm guessing you're not Korean.
Star Whores. Space Balls. Warmholes. Deep Space Nut.
You forgot to mention that the cop who shoot Rice was deemed emotionally unstable and unfit to be a police officer by his previous employer. Or that the 911 caller told the dispatcher that the fun was probably fake. Or that the officers did not administer any first aid, that an FBI agent had to do it after Rice had been left bleeding to death for for minutes. You know, objective facts.
The last point was a Simpsons reference.
It's not that they're inherently more aggressive than other breeds. It's because their bite is so goddamned strong.
Harry Pooter.
I matched mself. Not my wife, or any of my best friends. Myself. You bet I posted it.
I have literally never liked one of my own posts. And I comment on my own posts in response to other people. You know, like a conversation. Douche-tastic.
That stop sign font tho.
Len - You Can't Stop The Bum Rush
Martin Blank
Walter White, as played by William H Macy.
Kidtrapped.
My mother and I escaped Vietnam by rickety boat in the middle of the night. We arrived at a refugee camp where we stayed for closer to a year while we waited for our paperwork to clear. My mom worked at the camp, and we scraped by with what we could. Long story short, fuck these guys.
Artax really could have used your help, lady.
My wife and I are in the process of becoming foster parents and hopefully adopting a child from the foster system. I can read all of the stories in the world, but seeing this video really hits me hard.
ISIS would try to rape it.
Probably because they'd need to overhaul all of the schools' systems.
I'd love to go to one of these and be the sole person standing up in the front row.
You can put a ceramic plate in by itself and the plate will get warm.
Look for your crush's number in a phone book. Dial each one with the same last name until you get the right one. Ask the man on the other end to talk to his daughter. Crush gets on the phone, and awkward cringe filled small talk for about 30 seconds. Hope she doesn't tell anyone else. Paranoid at school for the next few months. Randomly relive the horror for the rest of your life.
That link seems to say only 6 states follow the doctrine.
[Pretty sure it was this guy, at it again.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am-Qdx6vky0)
Frosty, you know what I'm sayin? Spoon. We fucked dwarves in the ass.
They're selling them at J Crew I think.
It depends on who you surround yourself with after high school.
[Here is Duran getting destroyed by Tommy Hearns](http://youtu.be/DaESioM03g4)
Needs a side car so someone can ride shogun.
The guy who didn't poop for a month.
Glad you got online to Post-It.
Did you paste the picture into a PowerPoint and then use the Snipping Tool?
Don't forget about Point Break.
It looks fun.
I put the URL into the search box, and nothing came up. I didn't feel like sifting through all the submissions to see if this was already submitted.
Do this in America and they would have shot him as he got onto the motorcycle.
Combined, they are wrekt?
&gt;At the time he was hit, who was he a threat to? No law enforcement group is going to let someone who has a live grenade just galavant through their city.
And then what? Dude still has a grenade. You'd have to shoot him at that point anyway.
The worst drivers I've seen are white and black.
All the principal actors from LA Confidential: - Russell Crow as Bud White - Guy Pearce as Edmund Exley - Kevin Spacey as Jack Vincennes - Kim Basinger as Lynn Bracken
He currently lives in Maple Grove, a 2nd ring suburb of Minneapolis.
Maybe the baking pan went through some kind of thermal shock and warped, sending the brownies flying?
Also, the alcoholism.
You get away with way more free speech here than you do in real life.
Harry Potter and the Contra Instruction Manual.
"Chad, how did you concentrate all of your exercises on just the abs?!"
My ovaries just exploded. I'm a guy.
Big whiffa! BIIIG whiffa!
It's always somewhat painful when you're head over heels...over head over heels for someone.
I love the fact that companies just said fuck it and just used the tetra paks but put a hole on the top with a cap.
&gt;Had a guy throw his cigarettes at me because they were the wrong ones. I laid the box on the counter, he picked them up, and threw them at me, hitting me in the chest and said "I SAID GOLD, MORON." I want to get a part time job in retail again, just to put someone in their place. I used to work in a high end kitchen store (think Williams-Sonoma but even snootier clientele). We never had to take shit from customers because the owner would often work the floor with us and would kick shitty customers out and even ban them. My favorite thing was when customers would throw their credit cards or money on the counter instead of handing it to me. After the transaction I would give them their card or change back in the same manner.
Did you have short term disability coverage?
Perhaps space travel had advanced considerably once Cooper was rescued.
Quaaaaid.
Put a screwdriver between the zip tie and the object and wedge it. Thing should pop like nothing's there.
This is why I'm all for first run movies being available to stream for $20 at home.
Reading all these comments, I have to wonder why so many of you go to the movies for a first date? Or even the second date?
Who cares? You provide about 5 to 10 comments a day.
Guy on the left looks like Daniel Craig with a drinking problem.
"Thanks mortal dude, I was thirsty as fuck! Here, let me heal that cancer for you dude!"
"We got everyone off of Earth in giant space station ship vehicles by solving gravity. But there's no way we could travel to another galaxy!"
You could maybe have a week of exclusive theater run. Or provide something extra like BTS that you can only see in the theaters.
Eat breakfast. Running out the door with a coffee is not breakfast.
All I can picture is Joey saying, "it's not a cat."
Putting the rapist in therapist.
Clout. She has it.
Thumbnail looks like Zoidberg.
Why not Sandberg?
He probably got a call from the Church of Scientology.
Yespassing.
God. Fucking. Damnit. Maggi seasoning sauce is the greatest thing ever.
And this is why I hire people to do big jobs.
Fennel seeds.
Fennel and bacon is a heavenly combination.
It's always disconcerting to me that I can do everything right in life, and in a split second a Corvette might fly through the air, hit my car, and kill my family. Just like that.
Beef jerky. I'll eat an entire Costco bag of it in one sitting.
Well in this case he appeared on their radar in 2006, but they stopped monitoring him 2 years later.
[Patrick Bruel - J'te 'L'Dis Quand Meme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbzFKq1vrFY) Just his realization of how big his music has become. It's the look of someone whose dreams have come true.
&gt;The cons lived on the prison’s honor block, which permitted TVs, refrigerators and hotplates in cells, along with other perks not enjoyed by the general population. The special privileges likely played a part in their escape. (Since the breakout, officials shut down Clinton Correctional’s honor block, theAlbany Times Union reported.) If these two were so bad, why were they allowed these special privileges?
I've never stolen chips or fries from anyone. Ever. What this guy did was unprofessional.
Strawberry wine.
Andy Dufresne and Ellis Boyd "Red" Redding. You're goddamn right.
Pet Shop Boys - West End Girls
"Yoooo, you're a grown ass man!" That's right motherfucker. Don't ever forget that.
Put the timer at 1 second. Activate it when you want to go. Your child won't know the difference.
My kid can't tell the difference between 10 minutes and 7 minutes.
Exactly. I think people are misreading my comment as giving them only 1 second.
Do they all seriously think you would tip $10 for a coffee drink? Or any drink for that matter?
Do you like our owl?
Hey Mr. Scott, whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Make our dreams come true!
A bird in the hand is a bird that you're not coming and eating. Enjoy famine!
Dog Days Are Over
Imagine spending 50 cents every time you need to pee or poop. Shit adds up.
Radroach? VATS.
Date me Anne, I'm single.
Who's champ?
[Example](http://m.kcci.com/news/new-charges-filed-against-mother-in-fake-cancer-case/27772746) [Example](http://m.huffpost.com/us/news/fake-cancer/) [Example](http://fox2now.com/2014/06/04/woman-accused-of-fake-cancer-scam-raised-30000-lied-to-children/) [Example](www.fox10phoenix.com/story/22184511/arizona-woman-gets-prison-term-in-fake-cancer-case) [Example](http://abc7.com/news/ie-woman-accused-of-faking-cancer-for-money/380662/) [Example](https://www.co.sauk.wi.us/sheriffsofficepage/woman-charged-faking-cancer) [Example](http://blog.sfgate.com/sfmoms/2015/05/19/california-woman-admits-faking-cancer-for-attention/) I literally found no people of color on the first 5 pages of Google results, and only 2 men. This isn't even counting the scam charities.
Is the movie about a beach volleyball tournament? Is it just "Side Out" with fighter pilots?
Jon Lovitz was losing his mind laughing so hard.
White knight gets some action too.
No. Not again.
"Coach, I'm paralyzed due to my sports accident." "We have a shot that can cure that." "Of cortisone?" "...Yes. Cortisone. Of course."
We don't have any context in this video, but hitting a woman is not the same as beating a woman, which implies abuse. It's all about proportion.
Is quick, like bang-bang play in sport.
Unless you break your glasses.
Oregano, parsley, herbs de Provence.
Mmm.
Two scenes stand out for me: - Will Ferrell shooting himself in the neck with a dart gun in Old School. - James Franco and Danny McBride fighting about the porno mag in This Is The End.
By telling people they want to hang out with them, but never do.
Having a kid. I look back at the days before, and wonder what I was so busy doing.
They do, however, have the largest breasts in the world.
When I have some friends online with me, Drop Zone is the best mode.
I'm a 35 year old Vietnamese immigrant who came here at the age of 5. One of my earliest memories is playing in the Minnesota snow. I was outside in the middle of winter, running around without a jacket. For some inexplicable reason, I've stayed here ever since.
I found it to be my favorite Marvel movie.
Dad was stoned. Edit: Obligatory thanks for the gold! My highest comment consisted of 3 words. Who would have thought?
Ghost ride the whip.
A bag of beef jerky, a can of orange Pellegrino, 3 strippers.
Coffee for breakfast. Water with lunch. Beer or wine with dinner.
Do you think all felons have taken someone's life?
I thought some states have a maximum cap for yearly increases.
A crossbow? A fucking crossbow?!
They have ways of making it pretty much pain free. A bad tooth infection makes you want to kill yourself.
Personal shield.
It depends on the kid and the parents. We took our 4 year old on a plane ride from Minneapolis to DC a couple of months ago. We downloaded 4 movies onto the iPad, got some Bluetooth headphones, and she was occupied for the entire flight there and back.
When to walk away. Not every fight is yours to handle.
And know when to hold em, and when to fold em.
My first exposure to his music was in Good Will Hunting. No Name #3.
Soggy crust.
Because it's Patterson.
So we're going to get the downtime credited right? Right?
Sideways.
