Brilliant. I'd love to see a reality show where you put Lindsay Lohan and Shia LaBeouf on an island and they need to survive. Then at the end of the episode the island gets nuked. I'd watch that show.
[The Kids in the Hall had a skit that sort of parodied the uniqueness of the sport - called "Shirling"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gu3mbl8SAk)
I absolutely love th Cardigans, and they got such a bum rap because of this song. I mean, it was really popular, but if you only know them from this one song, it makes them seem like throwaway pop - which they weren't. They were an incredible rock band. A couple of my favorites: [I Need Some Fine Wine and You Need to Be Nicer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUBb4P2clO0) [My Favorite Game](http://youtu.be/hKFQITKzXIc) EDIT: Another song I love - [You're the Storm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxZ9_XlL19E)
Shia knew exactly what he was doing when he made this. It was 100% his plan to look like a complete weirdo in front of a green screen, and now he's going to be everywhere and people will be putting him in funny videos. This will be *the* "it" meme for 2015. It will be this year's "Gagnam Style"....
I picked up XCOM on the PS3 when it was free on PS+. One of those "Well, I might as well download it because it's free"....and I couldn't believe how great it was. &gt;which will be available exclusively on PC this November. ...hopefully it comes out on consoles soon after. Would love to play this on my PS4...
ARGH! God dammit :(
Sons of Anarchy. It started out pretty great (other than the whole "the only biker gang in history that doesn't say fuck"), but by the end it was just ridiculous, and every show was the exact same. It started with a musical montage...then padding/fluff for most of the episode, *something really good happens to move the story ahead*, more padding fluff, then ends with a musical montage showing the characters all forlorn and sad....
...just a lot of dropping the controller, and shitting of the pants.
[Found one](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/a4/89/2f/a4892fbb3878698839c0cd5f5311add4.jpg)
Honest question, but with all of the Comcast hate, why are people still using them? Is it a kind of "only game in town" or lack of choice?
Oh crap! Totally haven't had a chance - I'll check it out tomorrow and let you know - I appreciate it!!
Okay! Here's the error I get: Exception calling "Put" with "0" argument(s): "Generic failure " At line:56 char:1 + $Printer.Put() + ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ + CategoryInfo : NotSpecified: (:) [], MethodInvocationException + FullyQualifiedErrorId : DotNetMethodException Would it have anything to do with how you set up variables? $PrinterIP = "(xx.xx.xx.xx)" $PrinterPort = "9100" $PrinterPortName = "IP_" + $PrinterIP $DriverName = "HP Universal Printing PCL 6" $DriverPath = "\\servername\loadingdock\PrinterDrivers\HPPCL6x64\" $DriverInf = "\\servername\loadingdock\PrinterDrivers\HPPCL6x64\hpcu150u.inf" $PrinterCaption = "Copy Room Printer" (I do actually have information in $PrinterIP and $driverpath)
I do, but it's not a gaming PC.
It's a Mac....not a gaming PC.
Hey there! 1) I'm using OptionList 1 - just specified two computers (as a test) 2) I'm running with elevated privileges, and I do have access to the directory. 3) From the looks of it the script fails at the "CreatePrinter" function - so I would imagine the first two functions were successful?
Although it may not be ported to the Mac right away....might come later - but still! Thanks for the heads up! :)
I wish I could be more help - but would maybe contacting Toronto city hall - or maybe the Parks and Rec department be a good place to start? They certainly may be able to at least point you in the right direction?
The only thing he taught me is swearing during stand-up doesn't make you a funny comedian.
It's right here in TFA: &gt;"Sony does not permit any remote other than their game controller to power on the game console."
The beer or the game?
The classic ["I'm John Dacker"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi8beYR1iBQ) ...and the [wonderful animated follow-up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgJxEfYT3Kg)
Aubrey needs to have someone show her how to wear makeup.
Oh God.....it'd be nothing but flannel and Doc Martins.
Oh Jesus, here we go. The Chris Pratt backlash starts....
I couldn't imagine the smell! I keed, I keed - great job Oshawa!!
Or a long island ice tea!
So Obama was born in Hawaii, is American, and Republicans have a problem with it because he spent some time in Africa as a kid. Ted Cruz wasn't even born in the United States....and Republicans love him and have no problem with him running as POTUS. That's grade A hypocrisy!
I firmly believe that Glenn Healy has naked pictures of someone high up in the government, or high up with Rogers. It's the *only* explanation of how he is still on the air. He adds zero insight to the game that any casual hockey fan wouldn't have. I could do what he does during a game as well as he does, except I would be able to say "I have a stanley cup ring"...
&gt; Scale appropriately for your skill level, I wish more people did this instead of asking if "is this WOD dangerous". Even for something like "Randy" where you do 75 Power snatches at 135 for time....can't do a 135 PS? Go to 115/95/75 - whatever you can do. Can't do 75 reps? Do 65, 55 or 45. It's all about doing what you can handle. Eventually you'll be able to lift the Px weight, or Px reps. but trying to lift or rep more than you can and yeah it's fuckin' dangerous. EDIT: Shit. I got my weight mixed up. But my reason is still sound! :D
You're right. I feel shame!! :D
I 100% was getting mixed up! Darnit!
Edelman at 1:06 "Jesus, bro I'm fine - knock it off..."
People in power will do anything to stay in power.
perfect! Thanks!
You should get a perm!
Silicon Valley is the show that Big Bang Theory wishes it could be. A smart and hilarious take on nerd culture, that is a joy to watch.
&gt; Can a minister of health be fat It's a fair question, but it's an incorrect way of thinking. Someone who has been divorced may be in a better position to tell people the pitfalls of marriage, or how they can make their marriage better based on their failings. Your knee jerk reaction may be "Who are they to give marriage advice?" but they're almost the perfect person to. Being overweight doesn't make you less of an expert to be a Health minister, especially when they're primary job is mainly ministry oversight, not direct implementation of diet advice. She know's why she's overweight and it has to do with personal choice. Doesn't make her any less effective or qualified as a cabinet minister.
Gotta be honest - that's a pretty fucking catchy song....
Why do we honor military people during a sporting event anyway? What's the point? We don't stand up before a play and honor veterans. Not belittling anything they do, and I have a ton of respect for most people in the military, but it all seems like a "hero worship" and propaganda....
It's true. She looks kinda sexy in that space suit....[but she was not hot.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/RIAN_archive_612748_Valentina_Tereshkova.jpg)
Tom Colansky's Ghost Recon!
&gt; Canada paid bribes to win this year’s World Cup. Who in their right mind would pay bribes to host the Women's World Cup?? &gt; Canada won the right to host the World Cup in 2011. It was the only bidder. There ya go.
Run for your Life
Being Canadian we have to have our license plate displayed on the front and on the back - otherwise I'd have a plate like your first pic! That's dynamite!
He's from the luckiest place on the planet!!! :D
Why? They had a white guy in Asian makeup, but the Asian actress was in whiteface. It was out of necessity for the story.
It worked with Kadri. He spent years down in the A before he got into the rotation.
That's what I thought - That ump made a horrible horrible call....Gibby helped him save face
*paid ...as a fellow Canadian I feel your pain. Bought a new RAV4 and half of the entertainment/navigation system doesn't work because we're in Canada. Shit doesn't work the same up here and it pisses me off.
I saw that....I was sort of tuned out...saw Healy roll by and thought "WTF? Why was he on he broadcast?" - thank goodness for PVR's so I could see it!
That's alright - his daughter is a fake woman.
[The theme song from True Detective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4zluA60hjs) The Handsome Family - Far From Any Road This song gets stuck in my head every time I even think of it. I hope they use it for season 2!
He's looking for the Super Audio version of the album, not the multi-track version.
It's kinda hard to tell....but it sorta looks like /r/SaraJUnderwood?
Hockey parents - especially those whose kids play in the "top tier leagues" for their age group. Their kids are amazing and brilliant, and will always make sure they tell you how badly they were screwed over when they were short shifted, or not played on the power play. Put a bunch of hockey parents in a room together and you will not talk about anything other than hockey all night....and not in the good NHL kind of talk, but the shitty "my five year old had a great game last night talk"...
I would presume that terminating a contract would involve lots of lawyers, suing and counter-suing until either a new deal is reached or the NHL says "fuck it" and moves it. I doubt that Bettman would want to move the team though. Might mean the Nordiques are back (or more than likely) a new team in the Northwest US?
Holy shit. I absolutely love this version! IMO it's way better than the [official released video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5mFKeL67Dk).
I really enjoyed Season 1 - Season 2 left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Not very funny, a lot of "padding" in the episodes, and I found myself more messing around with my phone while two people talked about nothing important. I can't say I'm interested in Season 3....
[Roadhouse](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098206/) Absolutely ridiculous plot, some bad acting, and terrible writing, but goddamn if it isn't fun as hell. "Pain don't hurt". Love it.
Aren't infographics supposed to be eye catching and easy to read? All I want in a Vita is two trigger buttons instead of the trackpad.
Okay! I'm sufficiently angry. Now what? EDIT: It's a fair question isn't it??
You do realize that wasn't a serious documentary, but a fake documentary, right? It wasn't meant to be thought-provoking because it's a satire - a fake documentary.
That's why I love this sub - every so often a picture will get posted I haven't seen before! Thanks OP!
If this was in Glasgow, you wouldn't want to drink that cup.
I'm not a huge fan of Freebird to be honest but it's funny you mention that one - I was watching Kingsman when I posted this - and it was that solo that made me post it. So good!
"Rough seas ahead, Captain!"
I thought the individual skits/vignettes were pretty funny - I just thought that the story line weaving them together was kinda dumb. Other than that it wasn't bad!
Unfortunately mobile, I don't have Adblock....can't wait for OS 9 so I can install ad blockers...
Love. (Even the Beatles say "It's the word, love"!)
BEDMAS?
Alexander Daigle
His body is rejecting the shitty tattoo.
Jailbroken though. I haven't jail broken my phone since iOS 6
So does this mean when single tickets go on sale, they're going to be more expensive and harder to get good seats?
I thought it was great - even though the backing band was a little lackluster in the balls department.
To be fair this same sex issue is the least of Mexico's worries right now.
[Dat bad note at :54](https://youtu.be/kpTpxbnBWYM?t=52). Funny - you can tell Chuck realizes he was playing the wrong chords briefly!
Fuck these watermarks. Amazing footage and the shitty watermarks ruin a lot of the mystique...
It sucks so bad that we get a hot streak at the same time everyone else does. In a way though, we're lucky we got hot when we did - other wise, we'd be right above Boston, instead of staying right with the pack!
I have a PS4, not an Xbox One, but that's a sweet deal for XB1 owners for sure!
You're under arrest....sugar!
Removed. Anyone got a mirror?
I wish more people understood this. It seems like everyone doesn't understand that they're operating a business illegal. Should the rules/regulations be changed? Maybe, but the rules are in place for a reason, to protect passengers and operators.
Way to start swearing on stage at a family festival, the ignorant piece of shit.
He says "Please stand and observe a *moment's* silence..." not a minute.
Cher was smokin' hot back then!
It's smart in his case. He gets guaranteed face time, gets his name out there, and gives time to "the brand". There's no way he'll ever be president and I think he knows that.
Jesus Christ I wish this whole "Tim and Sid" bullshit would stop. They're like Jay and Dan, only dorky as fuck, homely as shit, and not funny. Their commercials gave me cancer.
I guess they're getting a TV show. They're fine on the radio...but seeing their face everywhere is...disconcerting.
Don't mind them on the radio...but on TV?? *shudders*
Maybe it's just overload...but the commercials are cringe-worthy. The show starts July 1st
Eklund: "the leafs may or may not sign or trade for a player this offseason that will make an immediate or long term impact on the team (e5)" I despise hockeybuzz because of him.
http://imgur.com/a/vQu3P
...because old.
Fucking Buknor - worst ump in baseball for a reason.
She is what Miley Cyrus thinks she looks like naked.
How about shut the fuck up and do your job. I hate this "stop making my job harder" crap. We all have jobs where shit happens that deflates us. Seriously. People aren't expected to pick up their garbage after a movie, its the theatre's job - so if you don't like it, quit. Someone else would do it.
It's horrible now. Season 1 was good - season 2 had terrible writing and even worse acting by a lot of the supporting cast, and after watching the first episode of season 3, its hilariously bad.
"I had fun once...I hated it."
Just an aside, but she is either a giant woman, or Noel is tiny!
Which is why I wish people would just post follow up in threads instead of making a new goddamn post.
It's amazing to think a few hundred years ago, people would think this was God or monsters or something. ...to be fair, there's probably people that still think that today :/
I'll be way too busy playing Arkham Knight to notice!
Jesus - I wish I could still fit into my high school jeans.
I'm with you!! Not watching anything else until tonight when I play it. I watched some of the E3 footage.....just enough to whet my whistle!
I was a really really active kid! I played a ton of hockey - was a goalie - and did a lot of track/running in high school - didn't start gaining weight until I hit about 19/20 when I became more "sedentary" and stopped playing sports! I gained weight *fast* too! It's amazing how "eating more/moving less" contributes to gaining weight.....who woulda thunk it?
As well: In 1968, a photo was mailed to the surviving family; on the back was the message: “Louis Sodder, I love brother, Frankie. Ilil boys A90132 (or 90135)” Detective C.C. Tinsley was hired to investigate the photo and where it came from, but he vanished and was never seen again. "90132" was a postal code for Palermo, Sicily at the time. The Sodders themselves were of Italian descent; the original name was Soddu.
Whenever people ask what I do - I tell them I'm "going to the gym". I don't say I do Crossfit.
Bring back Tom Henke.
Your dad looks like the actor [James Patrick Stewart](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0835722/?ref_=tt_cl_t5)!
Michael Caine is the epitome of [Old School Cool](https://leanne1119323.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/michael-caine-archdezart_6.jpg) IMO
..and now he'll get a chance to put his P in a V!
That I can deal with - it's the Tim and Sid commercials that drive me up the goddamn wall.
So...is it gonna be another origin story? It's been a few years since the last one...
Pretty good - the harmonies are a bit dodgy in a couple spots tuning wise. Not sure what you're using for software, but I'd get an auto-tuner and give it a slight tweak where you are going out.
Pretty sure removing the shoot out would also reduce the amount of games decided by a shoot out. You're right. Comprehension is hard.
Just curious! I have a Mac, and use GarageBand which allows WAY more freedom when recording vocals. This sounds like its being sung through a PC mic using Audacity - but if you can get a little better mic and better software, it'll amaze you how much better it can sound!
Don't update the logo! Man I loved the Noridques old logo! Maybe update the jersey (or a third jersey with a fleur-du-lis?)
Every ten years we'll get an origin story!
&gt; http://www.reddit.com/r/SirPaulMcCartney/ *ahem*
..and then blamed it on her drummer playing the wrong song. Fuck that bitch. Good riddance.
Butterface.
&gt; In case you don't watch SNL, Angele Merkel is the Chancellor of Germany. I would love to get in on this conversation, but unfortunately I don't watch SNL, so I don't know who Angele Merkel is!
That....that's not the point though? You should get paid for your services, regardless if it's $10 or $100,000.
FTA: &gt; ***In case you don't watch SNL***, Angele Merkel is the Chancellor of Germany. Should have put an /s
Are you a mind reader??
Can we please not post any rumors from Hockeybuzz or especially Eklund?
Well, duh? I would expect they'd have firm offers on Kessel and more would come....
Already posted in this sub sport. Sort by new.
They got 13th, 14th and 15th picks now?
Already been posted man
He's so money he doesn't even know how money he is, baby!
It's Lucic. I think that says it all really.
Dude on the right rock in' the Candian Tuxedo!
Because for a while there it was "JESUS don't go to our bullpen..."
That looked intentional....who darts across the road like that and leaps on a car?
That's a nice clam.
Glad you out bass in quotes - he's playing a 6 string tele, and not a bass guitar.
"Alone in Germany" ...hey there's Stu!
What Beatle fan hasn't seen Let It Be?? Get on it!!
You are literally the WORST Beatle fan ever!! :D Honestly though, I do find it amazing Beatle fans who haven't seen it, but the more I think about it, finding a copy of it has been harder and harder to find. You can torrent it, but the quality usually isn't the best. It'd be nice to see a Blu-Ray version released with extra footage of it! Get the younger fans out there a chance to see it!!
Those commercials targeting seniors for the reverse home equity loans are probably not helping...
There is a TON of Reddit hate on that site. They think because there's some hate filled subreddits, that every single reddit user is a woman-hating, misogynist racist.
One of my favorite Blue Rodeo songs...
He still wears short jean shorts even today!
The NHLPA is going to be all over this. They'll fight the shit out of this. Depending on what was in the contract, if it's a loophole, a bunch of teams may try this.
Are you kidding? I've been a Leaf fan since I was little and other than a couple years back in the early/mid nineties, it's been heartbreak after heartbreak. That's what a fan is. I know you're pissed at your team...but suck it up and wear those colors proudly.... ....ya filthy animal!
Lindros could get in solely for the fact that he messed around with a ton of other teammates wives!
Drugs. Has to be drugs. Although there's no word on any arrest, so I'm not sure what it could be. Can't wait to hear!
Yeah the more I've heard about it since this morning, it's something bad...really bad - something that the NHLPA will probably totally agree with and accept. Gotta be drugs?
And he deserved that nomination. Such a great movie and performance!
This is so much cooler than my city's siren - we still have an old school air-raid siren.
[Jay from Inbetweeners](http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/01638/SNF17BIZA--_1638935a.jpg)
&gt; drowned in Beatles covers. Some pretty fucking awful ones too. There was a few good ones, but for the most part I don't care to hear it.
Neither is Ted Cruz. He was born in Canada. He's Canadian.
Well it's sort of touchy with him. He's from Calgary, his Dad is American, and his Mom is Cuban...so I think because his Dad is American, he would automatically be granted citizenship because of that, which would make him American. Regardless, he's "less American" than Obama, and Republicans seem to not mention that.. EDIT: got his parents nationalities mixed up - dad is Cuban mom is American. My point stands though.
&gt; In no way does he identify with being Canadian, and neither with his Cuban heritage. Doesn't matter what he identifies with though, he was born outside the US. Like I said though, having an American parent possibly allows him the right to run for POTUS under the "Natural-born-citizen clause": *"...a person who is entitled to U.S. citizenship "by birth" or "at birth," either by being born "in" the United States and under its jurisdiction, even those born to alien parents; by being born abroad to U.S. citizen-parents"*
Jesus I didn't realize she was that old back then at the height of their career.
Well, Obama was actually born in the United States, Ted Cruz was born in another country. So technically "more American" was a way for me to paint a picture to those saying Obama isn't American because he spent a few years in his childhood in Kenya, but not mentioning that Cruz was actually born outside the US. Again, there's special cases that apply to Ted Cruz to allow him to run for POTUS, because he qualifies as a citizen.
Of course he'd be allowed, as I said earlier. Just saying "birthers" don't seem to have a problem with a candidate of theirs being born in another country outside the US, but Obama runs and he's a "secret Muslim" looking to destroy American from the inside out.
Shit, that's great!!
Ohhhh, he could really boil my potato!
Simple Plan played. They're terrible.
You wonder how many people out there haven't had their break yet because they were walking down the other side of the street.
My 10 year old PC runs Windows 7 slowly. Should we sue Microsoft?
Exactly my point. I didn't have to update. Having new software run slow on old systems is sort of expected. You aren't forced to update to the new iOS. So people saying iOS 9 runs slow on their 4S...well, duh of course it will. It's slower hardware trying to run new software with all sorts of new features.
But if I have app version 1.1 and it works great in iOS8...don't update the app then?
Holy shit these TSN "hockey hotel" segments are terrible. That new blonde chick on with Cabbie is awful. She looks like she got the job because she's pretty.
[This Finnish fan seems a little upset](http://imgur.com/mD6NVuU)
The music they're playing between whistles is fucking horrible.
I agree but I don't think that's Apple's issue if an app gets updated and loses functionality in the old iOS? That's all I'm saying. Basically if you don't update your apps (for a newer iOS) and use the iOS that comes with your phone, you shouldn't have any problems?
Should be May 4th.
He also shot the puck away - could have got 3 penalties. Dumb fuck.
Wondering if maybe the backup goalie might have had that?
I think that sounds like a really good idea - a class action lawsuit though doesn't make sense.
The last line in the doc "the Bills win the super bowl" pretty much moved me to tears...
Rex Ryan's history of making the Jets lose helps us today!!
Or the Jets only suck around Rex Ryan!
Wow.
So you'll be happy if it your PS+ gets extended three days? Fuck that. I'm paying for this service NOT to go down. This is fucked.
The latter. It builds character. You learn nothing about yourself or anyone else by just being "great".
Yes he's been fucking your daddy too.
Not as good a song as Human Nature - I can see why it was left off.
[This is also what soccer was like in the 60's](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1836074/images/o-1966-WORLD-CUP-FINAL-facebook.jpg) :(
Or Season 10!
OMG DAE HIPSTERS!!!111???
[How about a screenshot from the Yellow Submarine Blu-Ray blown up to poster size?](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mb6hclfJJP1qf33mxo1_1280.jpg)
First world NFL problems. Honestly though, I really hope someday our team is as stacked at the Pats are now. It would be nice that every season we're the "team to beat" and are feared to play against. I know last year and even this year, we had shades of greatness, but to come out every game thinking we can win, and be a consistent playoff team would be amazing.
Da fuq?
The Eiffel Tower. Absolutely an amazing structure, and looks beautiful. You go up it and it's "meh".
Bootleg Beatles hands down.
NICE OP!! Still have yet to see Season 9 though - anyone have that?
Ah Rio. Come for the filthy water, stay because they stole your passport.
Which is true, but I guess at that point everyone around him is like "This is George friggin' Lucas - the dude wrote the *best* sci-fi trilogy in movie history, and arguably wrote/directed some of the best films of all time." and they're all excited about him making a new Star Wars trilogy. Of course you're gonna think to yourself "Jar-Jar? Comic relief? I'm not sure about that But this guy must know what he's doing! Who am I to question it?". It probably wasn't until after TPM came out that people thought "this guy has lost his fucking mind."
Oh man, I hope you were being sarcastic, OP. This is hilariously bad! Absolutely, without a doubt, this is one of the worst Beatle covers I've ever heard. It sounds like the singer for Creed playing with Toad the Wet Sprocket. Abysmal. Love the comment: &gt; what can make the beatles any better? A cover by twiddle. Jesus Christ.
/r/shitpost
I actually read your headline in my head as "Welcome back: Julian Edelman has chance to become NFL superstar this postseason - WHHEEEEEEEEE"
Okay...who put the question mark on the teleprompter!!??
Great idea for an app! I'll download it when I get on WiFi...approx. how many videos are there to choose from?
That mullet was pretty big with the glam rockers for sure!
