Grooves around the edge of the coin were added to prevent this. You can't really shave them down because they won't look the same.
&gt; I guess it's a thing you beat fish to death with if you live someplace where you aren't allowed to take fishing knives with you when you go fishing? I guess. I'm not from UK, so I just take a knife with me when I go fishing. The brits probably decided that letting the fish just flop around on the ground near you is very inhumane and they must be killed as soon as possible.
Site becomes english if you click that little UK flag in the top right corner.
Well, that's a powerful car, it's over 900. I wouldn't expect anything less than shaking.
Most games and software that I use are not available on Linux.
In the first video that guy didn't even get into police car's lane. Stupid cop, can't drive.
Used one in school while training. Don't have one at work. We mostly do aluminum. We have some parts where allowances are 0.005mm (less than 0.00002 in) but the machines we use are fairly decent, so we don't really need grinders.
You should chew your food better.
I feel indifferent. On one hand, stupid DRM sucks. On the other, more popular games are hacked quicker, allowing me to try them out. Hacked games are almost always better than the legal versions.
You can smoke hookah with wine...
"Bi" is just a latin prefix, meaning "two". Same principle as "bicycle", "tricopter" or "quad bike".
Nah, Europeans hate smokers just as much as anyone else. It's banned in a lot of places, some countries banned smoking in parks and various popular public places. I think Austria is the last one where you can smoke in restaurants. They usually have separate, well ventilated areas for smokers.
I never rinse rice. Stickiness depends on the brand more than anything else.
&gt; If you blink and miss the sign, you have no idea what kind of road you're on? Well then pay attention and don't go *that* fast, then you won't miss signs.
There is, but there's no point in using it. Let's be honest, google already knows pretty much everything about us (Chrome, Gmail, Youtube, etc.), disabling "Anonymous location reporting" won't do much. On the other hand, it benefits all other users. Google uses all that real-time data to determine where the traffic jams, road works and accidents are and suggests a faster route.
&gt; Are they planning something? Yes, they're searching for another old calendar or a vague prophecy about rivers of blood.
&gt; Except they don't. # &gt;If you turn on location history, then they track your location These two statements of yours contradict each other. Sending anonymous usage data is on by default. I'm guessing that your travel speed and location are in that data.
Come on, old Hondas are sweet little cars, especially if you want to start working on cars as a hobby and need a cheap start. They're reliable and easy to fix.
Nah, they just use angle grinders and Dremel tools.
Wait, really? Fuck...
80 tools? Damn, I don't have that many. 32 tool holder in mine, it's enough for pretty much all the parts I make.
Out of how many? I mean, what's the percentage of failed drives?
Six seats that move, headsets and Oculus for everyone. Didn't ask the price. http://i.imgur.com/bd4wtI0.jpg
Oh, stop the bullshit. We don't need more women in the industry just for the hell of it, or to make sure that it's all "fair and even". We don't need more men either. We need photographers. Hiring someone because of their gender and not because of their skills is sexism, even if you hire a woman.
&gt; But watching the three of them do something incredibly stupid makes me chuckle. It's like one of those shows in the movie Idiocracy. Someone farts and you laugh.
Mhm...
Geographically it's in Central Europe, as the center of Europe is next to Vilnius. Culturally it's in Eastern Europe, as we're all still against gays and half of our population believes that it was better in the Soviet Union. Visually we're Northern Europe, since we're right next to Sweden, which is Northern Europe. We are moving towards the Northern countries culturally, though. People are becoming more educated, technologies are improving, wages are rising.
Insanely fast, radar-invisible robots would be quite cool, right?
Why are you asking me, I don't have super-intelligence yet.
I didn't go back there. So many other things to see around the city, so little time. I doubt it would be much more impressive than Google Cardboard, considering that you don't get any controller or anything. It's just a video.
Now weld it to the boat and get a seriously awesome amphibious thing!
One more photo is missing. You didn't power-wash your legs.
GTA V is such bullshit. They suddenly increased the price to 75 euros (used to be 60 when it came out on PC) and then made a "massive discount" down to 55 euros.
Tried Spotify and Google Music. They're both essentially the same thing. Playlists, discovering new music, downloading stuff for off-line listening, etc. The only difference is that Spotify costs 7 euros per month and G Music costs 5, so I use Google Music.
&gt; Up until 1990 USSR didn't have an official language. Yea sure. Everyone just used English.
Doctor.
I felt sorry for the guy. I mean, $8000...
Still better than UAB Molesta.
Lithuania is quite okay with it, though. All those refugees will run to UK or Scandinavia as soon as they can, anyway.
It's "hole", goddammit.
How batshit insane are you?
It's expensive because it's gold. Crush it all you want, gold will still be gold.
Do you think the same about their food?
Generally everyone (especially women) are expected to have children at some point. Friends, parents and various relatives will constantly complain about wanting a grandson and stuff like that. Reddit is one of few places where childfree people are supported, so putting it out here makes sense.
This is not one of those times.
Nope, it's a drain.
[This one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8uCeyUl_9U)
You have some good points, but I disagree that legalizing lane splitting will make lane splitters more cautious. It will just make bikers feel even higher above all other road users than they are now. We don't have that many bikes here (it rains or snows for three quarters of the year) yet they themselves are the cause of most bike-related accidents. Usually due to speeding and ignoring normal, simple, old rules, such as no cutting off cars, obeying the traffic lights and similar stuff.
Every new update will be paid DLC. Wanna go to Duna? That's a DLC. Wanna add larger boosters? DLC. Wanna collect science from the North Pole? Yup, DLC. Just like Minecraft.
I always just continue driving normally. They're blowing past everyone, that's why I nearly hit them. It's kind of difficult to expect a biker to speed up to me, lane splitting at 40+mph through traffic, ignoring all traffic signs and rules. Obviously I'm not going to hit them or try to scare them in any way. My car is quite rare, so finding new body panels would be a bitch. It's not me who has to drive more cautiously or respect them. It's them who need to grow up and start obeying some rules, if they want to get any respect from anyone. They're not too different from cyclists, in many ways. For these guys, road is about friendship and sharing and car drivers are so selfish and not friendly. That's until there's a red traffic light and they just ride past it, because fuck that shit.
Ha, that's never going to happen. Small studios release games in Alpha state, say that they will finish them and often abandon them somewhere mid-way. Large studios are too large to avoid pre-orders, look at Simcity, GTA V and stuff like that. They're still broken, even if so much time has passed.
People get shot by police literally every day. Often for no reason at all. Often when running away. How many of them do you see on the news?
What about the speedometer? It should show significantly lower speed than with stock wheels, right?
I unsubscribed from that place because it was just a constant stream of fat ugly people wearing colourful scarfs.
No. He only sleeps in ashes, which aren't all that dirty, really. Way cleaner than those guys who sleep in their own shit and vomit, and have all sorts of infestations in their hair and clothes.
Do you remember how the first plastic 3D printers looked? They were tiny and their results were pathetic. A couple years later and they're printing very high quality, strong (or weak, you can choose) parts of any shape. Same will happen with metal. First steps are obviously ugly, but the quality will improve very quickly.
The best thing about these old movies is that this is definitely not CGI, they were actually falling into huge cakes and throwing pies into each other's face.
Things can be true, wrong, or somewhere in the middle. If I told you that I have a million dollars in cash, would you believe me? No, you'd say "Prove it, because I don't believe you". You're not saying that I definitely, absolutely don't have a million dollars, and it's not your task to prove that I don't have them. It would be my task to prove that I do. Same with god. You can claim that it exists, but I don't believe you. Prove it, or I will remain in my state of disbelief.
It can charge an iPad once? Doesn't iPad have a 6600 mAh battery? I'm guessing that 11200mAh in the description is like a model number or something, not actual capacity. Similar to those knock-off chinese iPhone 3G phones, which didn't actually support 3G networks and "3G" was just a name of the phone.
At least I'm not fat.
I provide jobs to 8 year olds who would otherwise starve to death.
All dedicated dashcams (and then some action cameras too) will record in loops. You choose the length of a video file (3 min, 5 min, etc.) and it just records these short clips until it fills the memory. Then it deletes the oldest file to make room for new ones. All dashcams have a "Save" button, you press it and they won't delete that file. I usually drive a few months before I need to take the card out and copy all the saved files to my PC.
G1W-C is a capacitor version instead of a battery, recommended to those who live in very hot or very cold places. Batteries are not good with extreme heat.
These are so minor that I can't even. Lots of real estate was returned. If a building couldn't be returned (say, there's a business in it, which has already invested a ton of money and evicting them wouldn't do any good) then the applicant is offered another property of equal value. These cases have been going on since the independence and they will continue for many years, so it's not that. As for exams, they are just looking for things to complain about. We have more foreign-language schools in Lithuania than any other country in the world, yet they still complain. Half of those schools are half-empty, yet the communities still protest against changing them into normal schools. They don't really want to assimilate, even if it would be beneficial for everyone in the long run. You can't get a job in Lithuania if you don't speak the language. Of course, unless you live in one of those few small areas with Polish majority. &gt; There were laws for protection of minorities and all. Minorities no longer need protection. No one is discriminating them. One of the biggest debates right now is whether to let them use Polish letters in their names, in passports.
Overtaking like that is very common and accepted in Poland. I just went there for holidays last week. I was going down a country road like this and there was a big trailer truck coming the other way. And then another similar truck decided to overtake that one. I think I even got it on camera.
Literally hundreds of insanely smart people with millions of dollars at their disposal are working to make sure that the car goes as fast as possible. The car can't go very fast if the driver is really uncomfortable and loses all sense of his feet after 30 minutes. So I'm guessing that it's actually quite comfy, even if a bit cramped in there.
&gt;There is a section in the side bar saying where to start and what to buy. &gt;A quick Google search of “Best quads for beginners” will yield at least 20 useful results. &gt;There are also hundreds of build guides on Youtube See, that's the problem. As a recent beginner myself, I was just so overwhelmed by the amount of information. Hundreds of search results mean hundreds of different opinions, a hundred people naming a hundred different combinations of components as the absolute best for a beginner. I can understand why some people might want some advice/answer aimed directly at them. I did my own research and figured that the best way is to simply copy someone else's setup that works well. I would find a build log and start looking for identical components, but then something would be out of stock. Or some motors would have an upgraded version available for a lower price, but then you need different ESCs, or a different battery. Then you need larger props to fully utilize those motors, which means that your frame will be too small. You get the idea. I just bought a HobbyKing 250 quad, which comes with everything except the flight controller and RX/TX. Around $100 and it flies, even though it's fairly shitty and I could've gotten a better setup for the price.
Heyy, Lithuania!
Here it's a shortening for "speed-o-meter".
&gt;&gt; You just said that Vilnius belongs to Poland. &gt; Oh did I? Can you please provide a suitable quote? Sure, it's right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3almeo/lithuania_to_become_first_country_to_arm_ukraine/csdxuz0). &gt;If anything the city has hardly been ever "Lithuanian" except in some ancient time when it was a castle. Similarly so were the lands around the city. You can easily find the maps and data on the internet. Baltic Lithuania was to the north. &gt;If people feel bitter about Vilnius it is because the city was Polish between the wars and then when it was taken over by Soviets So Vilnius was never even part of Lithuania. Cool. You really have a lot of similarities to Putin, he thinks that the soviet occupation never happened. &gt;&gt;because it was founded by Polish people &gt;And to this too... It's called sarcasm. I wouldn't expect you to understand it. &gt;Poland was the first independent country to recognize independent Lithuania - Oh cool, you continue making shit up. First was Iceland, it's an important piece of our history, so even young schoolchildren know that. I'm surprised that you don't, because you talk like an expert of Lithuanian history and educational system. Then it was Denmark, Slovenia, Russia, Croatia, Latvia, Norway, Hungary, Argentina and France. Only then, after all those countries (you decide if they're independent enough for you) on 25th of August 1991 those countries were joined by Bulgaria, Italy, Canada, Poland, Malta, Portugal, Romania, San Marino and Ukraine. So yea, you're not all that helpful. By the way, Polish occupation of Vilnius in 1920-1939 was an occupation. I know that you think differently and it's fine. You're a pathetic little nationalist who shouts a lot, yet fails to see the hypocrisy. Fix your own country before telling others to fix theirs.
Hot girls are hot, they look like someone to have wild fun with. Cute girls, the ones you would want to marry.
Is English version really the most accurate? Picking on tiny details seems kind of silly.
&gt;Namely, there are people who have private experiences of God. Hearing God speak to you, feeling the presence of God, and so on Human mind is a very fragile and imperfect thing. Hallucinations and weird thoughts appear often. Personal experiences are absolutely meaningless. If god communicates with you in some way, then he's interacting with our physical world. One way or another, it can be measured or observed. Do it, post results, then we'll talk.
My bath is in a separate room from the toilet. I have a trashcan in the toilet for visitors. Toilet paper is flushable and toilet paper rolls go in the normal bin.
Well, they *are* black...
Because they look like someone who's looking for fun and not a serious commitment. Someone who will leave you as soon as a better option becomes available. Obviously there are exceptions, this is just an initial impression. I'm way more attracted to cute girls than hot ones for this reason. I'm not looking for short-time fun.
Because it's dangerous. Lanes on roads are for a reason.
I cleaned bathrooms for one summer in a factory. Men are way cleaner than women.
Don't feel too bad, our free channels are also stuffed full of ads. Sometimes there's even a little spinning banner in the corner during The News. Advertising some stupid cough syrup or something. Paid ones aren't, though. They do have commercial breaks, but they only show trailers of other shows on the same channel and what's coming up next week.
It was not supposed to be a monopoly scheme. Here in Lithuania we have a similar system, except that the government issues special number plates for taxi cars. This ensures that all taxi cars are licensed, regularly checked (strict technical inspections every 6 months) and the drivers pay all the taxes. This was needed because lots of illegal taxi drivers existed, who would stand near train stations and similar places and ask people if they need a taxi. These guys weren't paying any taxes, their cars were pieces of shit with barely working brakes and they would overcharge you if they saw that you're new in the city. Uber is just like these illegal guys, no taxes, no background checks, no technical inspections (for normal cars inspections are done once in 2 years, they're less strict), the drivers could easily be serial killers for all you know. Also, just for context, we have several taxi companies who use smartphone apps, have wifi in their cars (some even have Android tablets to play around). There's also a new app called Taxify. It's just like Uber (see where your car is, leave reviews, pay by card or add the payment to your phone bill) except that you have to be an actual taxi driver to show up on the map.
&gt; With words like "breeding" I used words from *underthesign*'s comment. I'm sorry if that offends you. You can call me islamophobic if you want, I won't tell on you. Islam in Europe brings nothing but pain and deaths.
Sigma 17-50mm F2.8, more than enough for typical holiday stuff. I also took 50mm F1.8 just in case, but never used it.
That's exactly what Europe is trying to do. Unfortunately, many immigrants don't really like these "consumerist, indecent" Europeans who mock their holly religion.
There's a really high possibility that they came from Eastern Europe, as buyers from those countries are almost as common here, as local buyers. Buyers from Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and all that region are common here.
&gt; Sometimes these are also one whole piece There's no such thing. I have had many holes in exhaust systems of my cars over the years, never bought a whole thing. Just cut the rusty bit out with an angle grinder and weld new one in. Any decent mig welder could do it.
Oooh, we should have a thread with these.
So what is it?
[Amazon](http://www.amazon.co.uk/SanDisk-2GB-microSD-Card/dp/B000X4B30O/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435405944&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=micro+sd+2gb) is full of these.
Because they're preventing future profit. Even if you donate these fancy chairs to some not-so-fancy home, this home will now have a chair. So they won't buy a new chair for a long time, as they just got a brand new one. High quality, too.
I'm really loving the Electro Swing genre, [this stuff.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6-TWRn0k4I) I haven't met anyone who didn't like it.
Stop saying "as a cancer patient".
Great. And what are we going to do with millions of migrants who will follow?
Unless you're good looking and know how to talk to the ladies.
We should buy it. Get some money together and just buy it. All the testing and science equipment could be thrown away, since it's probably useless anyway. Make a few cabins inside, a bar or something and then take people for a ride around some big lake.
She sounds like a bitch. They're doing her a service by hiring her. They're not obliged to do that. And now she's calling them names for "making her work more than she normally would." Well, bitch, don't take the job if you don't like it. Also, she most definitely can afford a babysitter.
Underground is heating pipe. Warm.
Do you know what fuel it takes? Is it standard jet fuel?
Well, it is way safer than any other reliable source of power that we have, soo... Burning coal kills way more people than nuclear power, due to pollution and cancerous stuff in the smoke.
328i seems to be way higher class car than a Mondeo, I think. Here a new Mondeo costs 22 000 euros, new BMW 114i (5 door version) costs 24 000. Not that much of a difference. It's even smaller with used cars.
&gt; pansexual What the fuck is that.
&gt; Where does that put me? A woman? Liking football, cars, beer, short haircuts and no makeup doesn't make you non-binary pansexual cis-something. It just makes you a woman who likes whatever she likes. I don't see the point of those silly titles.
In fact, they even said that it will air at the same time on Sundays as the BBC version.
Nah, it's actually pretty cool.
&gt; Aha, skani. Bet tas skonis turi savo kaina. O tai kokia ta kaina? Kenčiantys gyvūnai? O jeigu gyvūnai yra auginami gryname ore, pamiškėje, toli nuo miesto ir automobilių, ganosi didelėje pievoje ir maitinasi laukiniais augalais, o ne sausu pašaru, tai jie irgi kenčia? O kai ateina *ta* diena, tai bac su specialiu pneumatiniu aparatu į viršugalvį ir smegenys išsijungia greičiau, nei gyvūnas spėja pajausti skausmą. Ta ėriena brangiau kainavo, bet užtai skonis....
&gt; Give them somewhere to sleep and eat. That's precisely why they come to Western Europe, free food and free accommodation. They'll even get some money for free, if they're lucky.
We have additional signs too. Also, many years ago new drivers here had to have 70 sticker on the back of their cars, because this was the top speed they were allowed to drive for the first two years (~44 mph), unless road signs showed lower speed limit. Then someone figured that these people should be allowed to go 90 km/h (56mph) on highways, as maximum allowed speed there is way higher than in cities and someone doing 70 would be dangerous. Highways are 130 km/h (81 MPH). So now the "Noob sticker" is a [Maple leaf.](http://i.imgur.com/98ZmlIq.jpg) No idea why. Some people got [creative.](http://i.imgur.com/QL54AQx.jpg) This isn't even Canada, I don't know why they picked a maple leaf.
...by occupying it. Yes, I'm sure that will work out great.
Australia had Top Gear?
So you're equating purse-stealing gypsies to multi-billion dollar world-wide institutions?
You don't sound nice at all. Also, running your own cnc lathe at home definitely doesn't cost $500 per hour.
You have to agree, buying a car that's internationally known as a douchemobile is a really bad decision.
What..? They're literally the opposite. 3D printing stops being 3D printing when you stop adding stuff and start cutting it away.
I really don't like people who scream in such situations.
And why is that a problem? Also, such generalizations are true more often than not, which is how they become so popular. I'm in Eastern Europe. Douchebags here *love* BMWs, especially old and cheap ones. They buy a piece of shit with 1.8L engine and then imagine that they're Schumacher because they have RWD car.
Brits are well known as some of the trashiest drinkers in Europe.
Lithuania. Alcohol is now banned from petrol stations. Geniuses at the parliament figured that drunk drivers must be getting drunk when they stop for petrol, so this must help solve the problem. It's ridiculous.
If it's cutting, then it's not printing. There are machines which can cut AND print at the same time, but they have different tools for both processes. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr_PneeyO34) is one, it prints metal and then cuts it. Cutting at the moment is always more accurate than printing.
They took the body off and moved the battery to the passenger footwell. And added a snorkel. It's not a custom vehicle, it's a factory one with the body removed.
Wait... oh my god, ohh so exciting, is this actually real? You're not joking!? We can actually take photos AND videos with our phone!?? This is revolutionary!
Aye. What did the trick was dropping it screen-down on concrete. The digitizer cracked but it still works. I got a 5X anyway.
That's not a very good shot.
That's good to hear. Buttons shouldn't be an issue as I don't use them much anyway. Protection is more important. Now it's without any case and it just feels... naked. Also not very grippy.
Mine came with silver coating, it came right off after a bit of brake cleaner. I think it's more to prevent rust while it's in storage, rather than anti-squeal.
Those were standard ATE rotors with a matte silver coating, looked like [this](http://i.imgur.com/dYp39Bo.jpg). Also, as I said, it came right off after a bit of brake cleaner.
But only organic water.
Lots of bars use it to make their drinks look fancier. Last year some girl downed two such drinks before the nitrogen had time to warm up, nearly died.
They have borsch. Šaltibarščiai is not just cold borsch.
You did down.
No, absolutely not. You probably never tried either if you say that.
&gt; Look at Starbucks, who's paying medical benefits and college for its part time workers. They don't need to, but I got no problem spending $5 on a drink there because they do. See, that's different strategy, same goal. They want more money, so they invest here and there and then get a lot more in return.
I only have a few games (12 or so) and there's still not a lot to buy. Most big titles cost way too much for what you get. GTA V is still 60 euros and it's a half-finished game. Just Cause 3 is the same as the previous version, a huge map but every base is just copy-pasted and identical to every other, basically.
I did! Now I live in a city which has these yellow rectangles in all intersections, to mark the zone where you can't stop, so you can clearly see if you can go or not. And nobody honks if you stop before it, while the light is still green! It's awesome.
&gt; This was a blatant ambush to spout his own biased opinions. Right, you could even say that he brought a gun to a fist fight.
Nonsense, Lithuania just received a bunch of immigrants recently and they're all happy and stuff! One family with two kids, to be more precise. They'll leave as soon as they're released from the immigration centre, I'm sure. It's cold here and they will never get any work.
Mods cause issues even if you keep them in Singleplayer. Online part of the game is full of cheaters.
Lietuvoj internetas daug kartų greitesnis, tai neturėtų dėl to bėdų būti.
Online is horribly broken and it will never be fixed, because it would require a complete overhaul of the whole thing.
&gt; a You can't just replace beef with chicken and still call it a beef steak. Šaltibarščiai has a fairly strict recipe and you'll find it exactly like that in every restaurant in Lithuania. &gt; b Eggs are in the soup, not as a side. One of the key ingredients, really.
That dickbutt was a bit too obvious...
&gt; which is also making me feel like shit Try exercising instead. That way you can still eat and it's fine, as long as you run at least a few miles every other day.
Most pro-ISIS europeans will never actually do anything bad, never blow up people or stab someone. It's just the loud minority causing problems.
Lol amiright, this is just a prank lol, who cares, like, whatevs, it's a shitty bathroom anyway lol. /s
So it's confirmed, Michiganians really have no fucking idea how to drive in winter?
He has to scream at the one who is to blame here, and it's definitely not him, soo...
I doubt OP has bolt-ons. Those are reserved exclusively for old porn actresses.
&gt; how can you believe such a species evolves with an understanding of science and complete model for the universe without making conjectures and bad theories and be completely atheist? Very simply. I'll try to find an answer if I don't know something. If I don't know why some process happens the way it happens, I'll test it, measure it and see if anything meaningful appears. If not, then I will NOT just drop everything and say "Oh well, must be god. Let's just forget this issue and go do something else." Believing that god is the reason is giving up. It stops progress.
That's from Four Lions, isn't it?
I believe it. There are lots of immigrants from Eastern Europe. As a result, there are large communities where those same people open businesses, corner shops, etc. There's really no need to learn English if you're Polish, for example. I've worked in several factories while studying there, met lots of people who couldn't say a word in English. There were at least 4 Polish food shops within walking distance of my house.
I have. I never actually bought the game. I torrented it, played for a while, then dropped it for a year. Then downloaded a newer version, played for a bit again, it's still not that great, so now I'll continue waiting.
Heh, glad you like it. Also, my cat jumped up quite high when I clicked that Play button.
I'm not sure if they have ratings, but my local gym has personal cards that you scan on each machine and they automatically adjust the seat height, the weights and all that, and it tracks how many reps you do. You can then see your progress online. Ratings might be against privacy laws or something.
Oh shit, you know him?
They'll figure it out eventually. Sometimes they ask questions specifically to check who's lying, for example about some non-existing place.
Dolphins play. They'll mess around stationary boats just for the hell of it. Sometimes they just float head-down with their tail sticking out of water.
How useful is that info, really?
Depends on the tool. Some are really quite noisy. This one is quiet because it's running at fairly low RPM.
Those facing tools can often deal with a lot of heat. Coolant could even be bad for it, because you'd end up with constantly cooled tool while the cutting edge would remain really hot, as it's cutting. Differences in temp could cause it to crack, even.
Many people believe because it makes them feel better. Is that good enough of a reason?
Donors often feel quite brave, I occasionally see some without licence plates. They're fast, so they feel immune to police.
But then your hand would block it.
Wait, the freezing temp for beer is the same as for water? Shouldn't it be lower because of alcohol in the beer?
You're absolutely right. As a result, you shouldn't believe in god now. Meanwhile, they will believe in whatever they want and it's not up to you to say that they're wrong in doing so.
&gt;why would anyone even expect them even believe me? Obviously because you have irrefutable arguments and bullet-proof logic. Yet instead of ending the tyranny of ISIS, you go after innocent people who do no harm to you or anyone else. I would even say that they're better people than you, as they don't intentionally look for someone to offend.
So you'd happily give up pretty much everything you have?
Streets ahead. I think that design is better, but obviously that's subjective. I like on-screen buttons. What's best is that you get pure, true Android, just as it was conceived by Matías Duarte. No stupid Samsung crapware and their shitty "Samsung Photos" apps or whatever. As a result, it runs faster. Also, you're always the first one to get updates.
And the rest are soo jealous.
It was like [Pwhooh!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Vc9LBe3dBI)
&gt; If you dislike other people's reasons for doing something, you expect them to hold to an agreed upon standard Not doing, *thinking.* What you're proposing here is thought police. You think that Star Wars: The Force Awakens was the best of all the Star Wars movies? Prove it. Prove that it was the best. You think that mint ice-cream is disgusting? Prove it. Do you get it?
It won't go anywhere. It's asked several times a week, every week, for the past 6 years. It often ends with the religious person leaving because they start getting threats, someone starts brigading their facebook and so on, while the "brave atheist" walks away victorious, as if he just solved world hunger or something.
&gt; Yes, I am. No, not really. You just say "That's a bad reason, you're stupid. Think of a better one." is not much of a challenge. Most people will just walk away, as clearly you will just reject everything they say. It's like asking a muslim "What if you're wrong?" They'll never give you an answer, they'll just keep repeating that they're not wrong.
The most important question: do you have a toilet in there?
[Here ya go.](http://i.imgur.com/p55fnjd.gifv)
Get out of here, you rich fuck.
But it is suppressed. How long did it take for the New Years assaults to surface?
&gt; $290k Here's some advice if you break some bones again: buy a lot of cocaine, snort it to numb the pain. Then buy the next ticket to anywhere in Europe, first class. Book some fancy hotel for a week. Go to a fancy private hospital, they'll fix you up real good. Then you'll have a few spare days to do some shopping, maybe a new suit or something. I can recommend a good tailor if you're in London. Then you fly back, first class too, obviously. And it will still cost less than that.
&gt; if it were really as bad as you allude to, then who would ever buy the crap? Countries who don't have much of a choice. According to [this PDF](http://books.sipri.org/files/FS/SIPRIFS1503.pdf), 60% of all Russian exports went to India, China and Algeria. India and Algeria are poor, they couldn't afford much more expensive American or German equivalents. China is an old ally of Russia, they share technical knowledge and stuff, so it's understandable too. Another 12% went to Africa and 10% to Middle East.
I'd say hire India, but we all know what happens when "Our Windows server has detected a virus on your computer, please give me your card details and we will fix it."
Check out a few articles there, see what they're about.
Wait, just to clarify, what's wrong with having an expensive hobby? I'd think that most hobbies become quite expensive if you really get into it.
&gt; and use it to feed their sexism. They express their anger about women who get away after doing some really shitty things. They don't just say that all women are evil.
&gt; fines, of any kind, should not be a revenue stream; In my country the police officially announce when and what sort of inspections they will be doing. February 1-10 will be speed control, 11-17 will be seatbelts, child seats and winter tyres, 18-24 will be drunk driving, etc. We also have road signs a couple hundred meters in front of every stationary speed camera, so that the drivers actually slow down in those zones.
The first line is him quoting himself, neat. And then one of the tasks to achieve is &gt;-Designing all electro-mechanical systems and subsystems to be nearly impossible to reverse engineer. So he would make it unnecessarily complicated just for the hell of it.
Did you delete the photos? I'm getting 404 error.
In such cases I just mark it as spam.
Nah, I'm just saying that fast food isn't seen as something that you would eat daily. Normal food is cheaper.
Weird little country from some cold corner of Europe reporting in, we have bi-annual inspections. Unfortunately, many mods are frowned upon. You can upgrade your brakes or lift/lower the car. Body kits are also allowed, as long as they don't make your car more than some 12 inches wider or longer. Upgrading the engine is a no-no, you can legally increase the power by no more than 20%, I think. If you obviously have modded parts, then you might be asked to go for an inspection, and that shit is crazy expensive. Can be as much as 1000 euros. Swapping engines is also not allowed. You can do it if you really want to, but then you have to prove that the new engine was taken from a roadworthy car and also prove that the car body was scrapped after that. It has to be done by a licenced mechanic. And then you need to pass that 1000 euro inspection. The only way to mod anything seriously is to get roll cages, then you can register your car as a track car. Roll cage has to be welded by a licensed welder and there are just a few such guys in the country, so waiting list is like two years and it will cost you 1500-2000 euros. And then they will take your race car licence away if you break any road law, such as speeding, running a red light or trying to drift in an empty parking lot.
I've never been to Romania, but been to several countries further north from it. Let me tell you, walking down the main street in summer and just looking at women is so nice, especially after spending a few years in western Europe. Fat acceptance hasn't arrived yet either, so girls actually try to take care of themselves.
&gt; Must be an interesting city, It's not, unless you're into semi-abandoned cities, high crime rates and poverty.
&gt;Is that worth it No. You'll never make a profit on it, so it's not worth it, financially. Now is it worth it for you personally? It all depends on you and the model. Do you like tinkering? Nitro engines require a bit of it. If you have some spare cash and the engine still has good compression, then go for it.
It is unreasonable. You never introduce yourself with "Oh my god, oh my god, a girl is actually talking to me!"
Those blankets come in all sizes.
Is it because I'm all in your face now?
&gt;Have you actually been there? Nah, they would never let me in.
&gt; What have you done? I was born in Lithuania. The border control is all sorts of messed up. They make up their own rules, ask for made up payments and generally hold you up for 12 hours just for the hell of it, if you're just a tourist. It's different if you actually live there or if you have a russian surname.
Could be. But then again Musk seems to know what he's doing, so I have hope.
They know better. Just as in Soviet Union, people use all sorts of illegal ways to get information from the outside. Illegal radio receivers, newspapers from the South, etc. Look at photos of North Koreans and you'll notice that they're all sick of it. But they can't do much because they would get shot as soon as they tried.
Find him, become best friends, go to Hawaii with him.
Most of which is sugary crap.
Yet now you can, and those who will call you stupid are obviously otherkin-phobic bigots.
I feel like they raped the word "phobia" and now it means something that it was never supposed to mean.
