Thank you fitoromparing yourself to sour cream, i love you
Lol yes. I use swype on my phone and it sometimes ridiculous to see how it switches up my context
I used to be black. But its not all that. So i became hispanic, now i make all the ladies panic
I hate telling people this, but it's just not that cool to be black anymore, I'm much happier being brown Source: Was black, decided to go back
Looks do godamn tasty. I'm getting Chinese tomorrow
This really depressed me. Damn. Poor Chimp
10/10 will not buy car until price goes down. That being said ive seen some pretty great termis going for around 15k or less here in Orange County and around Los Angeles
What do you have? How much is it pushin?
wha....what?
That sounds like a really good time for the both of you
Maybe itll even help you poop better after a while
Were here rooting for you!
Dom does
No, be proud. Use more weight, always use more wieght
No! you have to go HEAVIER!
That's awesome!!! In a year? so you will be employed in a year or you have been doing this for a year? That's really great though! I have this obsession with pretty websites and its making me want to code, I just need to find a starting base. If you don't mind me asking, how much is your pay now compared to other jobs/careers you've had?
Ive never laughed so hard in my life OMG I cant believe this is real
Thank you
Seriously, wtf, why isnt this being shown in my local theater!
Thanks! If youd like to add anything else keep going
you are me
Better than Pizza, titties, and videogames!
Care to share? I always love hearing about people who enjoy what they do! Share yours and ill share mine!
Weird is the right word. You actually getting it? How much?
That YouTube money's starting to come in. New apartment in less than 6 months
Yeah if i get it it wont be a car ill sell anytime soon! Not at all, I'm planning on keeping it until i cant drive anymore. I slept on the thought. And now I'm still thinking about buying it.
Honestly, this guy's stuff is pretty damn good
I actually ust started learning yesterday too, i mean i got pretty good at a short amount of time though and didnt alternate between feet, i just kept them together and jumped using my calves and butt and the front bottom part of my foot. Since im new i did this. Jumped 25 times until i felt like i got it right. then jumped to 50 in a row. then 100. then 150. then i went down from there and it took me about an hour or so, so say: warmed up with a typical stretch then 25 jumps with about 20 second rest in between, did this for about 10 minutes then jumped up to 50 jumps with again about a twenty second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped up to 100 jumps in a row with about 30 second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped to 150 jumps with 30 second rest inbetween each. did that for the rest of the time until iwas super tired so i did that for about 20-25 minutes then i cooled down by doing 100 twice, then 50 three times, then 25 four times each with their respected wait times. just do about an hour and jump when you can but make sure you jumpo everytime to where your calves hurt
How about i send you the craiglsit post? ill pm you and then ill pm the guys over at supra forums, i need to make this decision like today!
Toyota Supra Turb http://losangeles.craigslist.org/lac/cto/5038467635.html As much as it hurts to do this it's time to move on and sell one of my Supra's. I'll break down the history of the vehicle before going into full detail. I purchased this car from another supra member 3 years ago. The vehicle drives straight even w/ [...]
Are you past me?
I like seeing their lithe butts shake when they jump around
Reddit loves this guy!
Wat
Lol
Ive never seen such a monotone ad before. Wow.
Cool
This was so cool
2spooky4me
Eat
Wtf
Thanks this actually makes me feel a bit better. It was just such a bargain of a deal is all...
That was a new one! I fucking lost it at the taco part
Weird. Ive driven my fair share as well. Always thought that at high speed its always best to not brake so hard, first to let off for a bit then brake when you get down at lower speed, but again I have personally never taken any car past say 130mph...hmm the more you know thanks!
ha
coo
ew
yea
sex
yes
Yes lol
The benefits of concrete are better
Damn so id say roughly your subscribers = what you make/year
Holy shit that's a lot
Billionaire? I don't think so
Fixed!
23 here. living at home
Literally this is what it is
so...dip on dip?
It really is pretty good
Cute dog*
This bothered me as well
Same. If youre not going to track it no need for bigger brakes, at least not on the fly.
Agreed. But if you're planning to have a lot of power on the streets and not track it, then Im going to assume and give everyone the benefit of the doubt and say youre not going to be going amywhere over 150mph. Although lets be honest here. Its just about being responsible. Chances are if you go to the track youre already a much better driver than 90% of the people out here and bigger or better brakes will compliment you. Regular brakes will do just fine especially for someone who knows their car.
this makes me sad
Honestly, the toyota Supra. NSX and te GTR. around 15 years old for the tri and of they came out today they would still be one of the best looking cars on the road. And plenty powerful too. Honestly because of the way these cars were built i can easily seet hem lasting longer than cars today. all three have really strong motors. Super reliable.
Do you do the late night blinking thing to keep your eyes watery? My friends know its about 8pm at night when i start blinking vigorously. They all say "Oh hey guys hes at it again! Its about 8 o'clock right now"
God having to remove dry contacts that are pretty damn stuck on your eyeball has to be one of the worst feelings ever
Omg. dont say that.
AGH! THIS! Was actually kayaking this past saturday and our kayak flipped, first thing before i remembered that i shouldt breathe underwater is to not open my eyes. It was horrible. Kayaking was fun though, saw a bunch of seals with their babies, cute little guys
I cant wait until i have my first turbo car for that sound!!! I was smiling o BIG for these guys!!!! Im so happy for them!
Really? Damn, them mark ups! I myself am looking at red gtrs.
Oh wow congratulations on the kid! Thats gonna be a lot of fun! Slight advice, their might be a chance your child might have trouble sleeping at night, why not work on thr game at night and take care of her/him while you're working on it?
This should be the face of the Internet
Time to get shwifty
Holy shit yeah! Lol
No. The sped up one is fake. This isnt.
This vid honestly sucks pretty bad. You can't even see the acceleration well at all. If you wouldn't of said it in the title the car looks like it accelerated like any normal c63.
Thank you so much
Wanna coach me? Lol
Any chance you would know the size/would be able to tell us what city/country/state it is?
Thats not a good way to think. Id much rather spend on a nice car than a huge house. Some people dont need mansions. Theyre fine living in average sized homes. That way theyre both not a target and they seem normal but secretly have huge numbers in their bank account. Thats my plan at least. Live in a nice small house. Have nice cars and travel.
Electronics*
Oh I'm sure he does
I think we just became bestfriends
I shouldn't be laughing at that last part. But that is some damn bad parenting right there
YUP!
Lol nice, i see him posting schassis stuff all the time
You won't. Ive tried plenty of times. Unless you're in the rain.
That's when people are pushing their cars on the highway or streets. If you're driving normal wvery car feels the same. Huge difference in a 1 liter 4 cylinder and a v8 if you step on the gas. My post isnt misleading, im jusy stating if you're gong to be driving normally every car feels the same. And im right. A sensable 60 mph in a car, van, truck, sport coupe, sedan...etc will feel the same. Its when you start stepping on it and pushing your car that will change eveything.
So did i, i once turned a little too hard on a green light while it was raining and i hydroplaned through the curb, jumped it, and hit a fence and broke my rim. If i wasnt driving wreckless nothing would've happened though. I intentionally wanted my car to slide. I dun goofed pretty hard that day
It is, 3.8 liters dont have enough power.
It will keep getting better
Yeah, ill just wait for the Vive
Holy shit fuck that
Seriously i was so excited. But for 599 US dollars? Yeah nope. And you still need to pay for shipping AND a computer than can run it. Its a sad day for Oculus. Although i am excited to see Oculus' AMA later today. Its gonna be a fucking frenzy
Im going to ask him if he feels bad about all those lives they lost on todays hypetrain
Thats actually a good idea. Even vipers and c7's and gtrs are relatively inexpensive to own so i think that would be top tier for sure. But i like the idea of giving someone their dream car. Say an fd rx7 or an old supra, older gtrs or things like that. Would be nice to have that you know.
Doing it for people in meed would be great, but doing it for car enthusiasts imo wpuld be more successful. People like to give. But when you can get something out of it, people like that more.
I guess what essentially what it would be. Is the reddit millionaire thing working out?
Which is why it should be marketed and charged from the start. If i had something already automated it would be better. But for me to personally give and go out of my way to give? Yeah thats not gonna happen
Sure ill pm it to you
Overthebridge.co thanks for checking it out man
That's our homework for this weekend. To make a tagline for her. We also say down and talked about what her specific root would be, she hasnt decided yet but were working on it. We're also going to work on SEO a lot! Thanks for that were going to go through the guide and implement it! Thank you! She is very pretty! And will definitely take all those picture settings advice with great forward Ness and try eveything you said. And that last part i seem to be a bit misunderstanding, you say "go there and get their attention!" How? Strictly by posting or directly emailing people or having direct contact with them? Also how would we put ads on her blog? You linked a couple websites on this post and we have yet to look at them! And i saw her view count and she gets roughly 500 views/month! Anyway you know how to get those numbers up with some other methods?
Raw power. Vipers are just raw as hell inside and out. The only other cars that I've driven that remind me of that are the carrera gt, early 2000 Medvedev sl63's, bmw z4's (aka clownshoes) and like a miata with an LS1 swap. Vipers are great. New ones are awesome. I've heard old ones are horrible though.
Does... does she know he's gay?
Definitely taking this advice and going out and buying a scale today. 1k deficit? Geez thats gonna be hard lol but ill stick to 2 pounds/week that sounds healthy/reasonable Currently doing PPL, three days lift, two days cardio and sometimes hiking during the weekend. Hopefully eating less helps me get down by a lot
Yup! Ive seen two z06s for sale around the LA county and orange county area for 25k. Decent mileage and one was all black the other yellow. The prices are insane to be honest and well worth the money
Aren't all thr bmw z cars nicknamed the clownshoe? Sorry thats what ive heard them be called but no it was a z4. All white hard top convertible completely stock and one of the best downshifting cars ive ever heard. Was an 11' model i think
Haha yeah sorry about that! I use swype on my phone sometimes and if that doesnt mess up my grammar my auto-correct does
Orange county or the LA area. I remember linking a couple z06's a weeks back here on r/cars. I'd see if i can find them again but theyre way back in my comments..
I thought all models of the z were considered clown shoes...since...well...they all look a like
That was my fault then, i had a couple zo6's saved on my favorites from my craigslist app and i just chose the first one and didnt read the description. Ill see if i can find another
Thanks checking it out now
Thanks will do!
If i do add abs I will be doing it 3 times a week after lifting or should i be doing them right after every workout (5x a week) or only when lifting?
Lol no, I'm wayyy to the west in california
I don't. I just need to keep impressing the one girl i already have.
Thank you for the study! This is how i like Answers!
I've heard adsense isnt the best place for blog revenue. Are there any other sites to getvads from that work better?
If you look at my other comment you see me say the same thing about adsense lol Private or networked advertisers? How does one go about finding that or affiliates? Ill definitely look it up! Whats your service? Whats slogging? And my gf likes posting and traveling and has a bachelors in fashion so i doubt shell get tired of what shes doing anytime soon.
I was hoping the slo mo would lead to some mail box bashing
No, they're regular ties and tightened how you would a regular tie. The only difference is that the knots are made separately and can be customized to any and every design imaginable
Thanks for thr feedback and thanks for the luck! Were hoping thetr will be
Don't have a coach
Serious shit.
How to i choose harder ones?
Should i get a coach? Do i need it?
How is the coach workouts working out? Better? Results?
"Director of tea tasting" Hahahaha
Lol my gf calls chipotlr chipootle. I finally know what she means aha No fucking way thats real. Your dad must've dropped a nuke
Ill work on it
Its not a real ticket
Its healthy. That stupid son of a bitch.
Lol ive never yanked it while dehydrated. I kinda want to but i kinda don't
Essentially the only friends i have are from high school. 3 guys, theyre all gay.
This guyhttps://www.instagram.com/p/BAgWxACSYZC/
Same here
Lol
The very first workout i ever did for p90x was amazing. Amd still use a customized routine that works great. Freeletics doesn't seem like it'll last the sands of time
Thank you
Wow this was great
I know waffle.. i know.
I like you. Teach my parents how to Internet...theyre...theyre just horrible.
Just checked myfitness pal. 1g protein my bad it was a rrally hard estimate from the top of my head So my goal should be mostly protein intake then worry about calories or get all my protein in first then worry about the rest calories to eat right?
I found the r/entrepreneur!
Lol aw bummer. Was expecting you to have some sort of nanosuit. Likewise though, pretty boring myself and dont spend much, last time i bought clothes was like a year ago. Im known to wear the same thing a couple days in a row...as someone whos going to be in sonography soon i too hope to have the same money fortune as you.
She is worth marrying. Shed be happy with an onion ring or a ring pop from me. But BECAUSE shes like that id like to go out of my way and get her something because i love her and because shes very much worth it. Shes never insisted on a diamond, i just thought itd be nice for her to have something nice from me now that ill be able to afford it. I usually hear 3 months salary but i dont know how right that is
You lucky hooligan you! Its gonna be a great car man!
It was a great review. Not sure why you're putting it down
That would be pretty bonkers.
Cereals more of a dinner meal than breakfast honestly
Can confirm. Im 6'2. Gf's like under 5 ft
Haha as fun as being gay would seem with their partys, and promescuity and flamboyant nature. I just cant pass up my wife lol
So for foreclosures you arent allowed to see the property from thr inside right?
That's great to hear im looking to buy/or look for foreclosed homes in the laguna beach/Huntington/newport area in orange county,c.a... i want to buy a foreclosed home for my price range that will eventually go up in price. But i need to do a lot of research on homes first
"Power for the BMW car will likely come from either a turbocharged four-cylinder engine or a turbo inline six, while the Supra is rumored to exclusively get power from the inline-six making somewhere around 500 horsepower. Styling between the two cars will be entirely different, with the Toyota taking cues from the popular FT-1 Concept. The two companies are working to make sure the two cars don’t compete with each other, with the BMW targeting the Porsche Boxster and Mercedes SLC, while Toyota will look to take on heavyweights like the Porsche 911 and Mercedes-AMG GT." | Styling between the two cars will be entirely different. Thank GOD! The car shown looks ugly as hell. My first thought was "Oh god no! Not a convertible Supra!"
Honestly id prefer that also. I wouldnt care about seeing the supra all over the place so long as id have one. This new supra should've gone the route of competing against the gt350. As far as price af least. I honestly thought the supra wpuld compete against the c63 or the m3/m4 but id prefer it to compete with the m2. If its going up against the amg gts its going to easily be 100k+ and for that price id honestly rather get a gtr or the r8. The supra might be good too but i think they messed up on the competition side. Ford and chevy have no competition for their mustang or camaro right now. If toyota got in that market (affordable) they wouldve killed it and the supra would've sold like hotcakes
Because they dont know about prototypes and how they work. Or its someone young who is just barley getting into cars
Me either, id drop any car for a new supra. Especially one that competes with the new mustang gt
Lets be honest. The 370z is no where near competition for the mustang and camaro. They just outsell them by way too much. And with the almost cult following the supra has they would kill the camaro in sales, not sure about the mustang. There isnt. The supra shouldve competed with the new m2 and the likes of the gt350. But nooo toyota wants to be in the ring with 100k+ cars which is honestly a shame. Like you said the people who follow that car wont be able to afford it. Unfortunately for 100k+ niether would i. But for 50k? Sure i could.
I can answer this! Since mercedes essentially owns all the E-Class cars they told tesla they couldn't name their car the model E because of confusion to costumers and because they own that letter to name cars and would sue. So Became the model 3! :)
Im guessing if you scratch you'd have to paint over it.
That grey looks fantastic! Jesus how much did that cost?
I don't get it
Every single car i listed was made in the 90's. I meant the r34 gtr not the r35
Reddit acts like you cant daily 500hp, yes you can and it is not hard at all. When you start nearing over 700hp thats when you have problems but anything 650hp and lower really is not that bad for a daily driver. Ive driven 500hp+ cars countless times and trust me they are more than manageable
Budget: $30000 maximum. Looking for an aesthetically pleasing car. Preferably with more than 400hp. Awd or rwd no preferance. Coupe or four door no preferance Im just looking for a fast good looking car that looks great and handles well
The fucking candle lol no offense to the Virgin mary it was just surprising he had it, i was caught off gaurd
Are there like, spanish motovloggers? Lol
Whos RJ?
So far answering all of your bullet points ive come to the conclusion that i want a big sporty off road car that can handle all my day to day driving meeds as well as my weekend warrior type deals. Definitely awd. Soooo...either the gtr, sti hatch or evo. Never driven an evo though, i like raw power
Well thats a great fucking idea that i never thought of lol (not sarcasm) hows the insurance though? Id hate to pay insurance for all three things. Id assume the car, the utility vehicle and the bike would all run me like an extra car payment/month
Dope concept for a game
http://imgur.com/L30mQgH
Because shes mine :(
They do, but I'm looking to search a whole state not just countys. I get maximum like 5 county search.
Not bashing the car at all. Its a great little fun car im still looking into buying. But my appropriate DD would be 400+hp, its just preference. The 350 is still a great fun car all around
Well theyre my version of "big" i used to have a nissan maxima and that car was a biat to me. I meant "big" as in convenient. 4 seats. Nice boot. 4 doors. Extra space. Good power. Etc
Yes
I saw my very first one yesterday! Im glad you mentioned this! It looks absolutely AMAZING! Looks kinda like a jaguar unlimited! I REALLY REALLY wanna test drive one! But im with you on the awd too, im in desperate need for some all wheel traction!
The fuck. Shit ass post.
You sly dog, you.
Weight
Ahahahahaha!
Its like trying to kiss my toes
I honestly think I'm using the term pretty darn appropriately
Haha my gf and i really noticed our difference in height when we went to big bear over the winter and left my phone taking video while we hit the slopes. Heres the very best part of the video (screenshoted) where you can see the difference in our heights. I think her beanie makes the picture http://imgur.com/tw89trL
You're right. Our birthdates tattooed on our foreheads should do the trick! Thanks reddit! Always steering my the right way in life!
Why 2003? I said my typical car for a daily driver is 400+hp. Its just what i like. It can be any year car for that matter.
Im looking at it now! Gonna call jeep tomorrow and get a test drive for later in the week lol I've never thought about the srt8 Cherokee as an option. You mightve just saved my life.
If i had the money id buy it in a heart beat.
Youtube entertainment snd TV are not the same Animal at all. Where tv costs thousands if not hundreds of thousands or millions to produce shows youtube is FREE and thats the difference here. A parent can upload "My kid reacting to their Christmas present" and the finebros would be liable to sue. There are thousand of videos uploaded for FREE everyday they cant trademark their platform. Its like you essentially drinking water, someone trademarks drinking water so everytime you take a sip you'd be sued or pay royalties.
Plus making youtube videos is FREE! People seem to forget that part! Youtube is a free platform. Itd be like someone trademarking drinking water through their mouth and you'd get either sued or pay someone everytime you take a sip
Youtubers think theyre some kind of royalty and a lot of them are fake as fuck. They go around like they're in some kind if pedestal
Because really WHY is it a thing? It really isnt entertaining at all! And provides absolutely nothing.
Thats what im getting. Used samples of everything. Used wrangler for sure, a sporty 2door coupe and a big family car for everything else. Seems like the right route to go
Im not really sure and they havent stated or gone in specifics about "unmonitized" content. All i know is theyve had a lot of videos taken down by it simply having the word 'react' in it. They want to be a monopoly for react videos. Thats really all it comes down too.
Im sure itll be smaller. Im just hoping it has insane mood as well
I really hope it doesnt. Im hoping it looks like a baby tesla s
