Iowa 6. Penn State 4. Set college football back ten years.
BB reunion?
Penn State defense got the 120th worst starting field position per drive they faced in 2014. Ending avg drive was 7th in FBS.
God, I'd hope not!
Everyone should have interest in Brandon Saad. The Penguins could have had him!
Dominate the Garden State.
Yeah sorry I saw the rivals rating before the composite. After last year, ANY offensive lineman will perk my ears up.
Sept 11, 1999. LaVar Arrington blocks a 52 yard Pitt field goal that would have given them an upset win in a year Penn State was expected to do very well.
"I didn't know Jadeveon's car that could go that fast. He doesn't have a pretty car like those FSU guys used to drive." - Steve Spurrier
The Penn State / Pitt ones enrage me enough that I almost drive off the road.
Great picture! But first full stadium White Out was Notre Dame 2007.
I used to think this might be true, but I used to audit car dealerships and worked in 6 or so large D1 program's cities. Lots of coaches drive demo cars for dealerships, but I never saw any indication of players getting benefits.
That would certainly be my guess.
If there's a background story there, I don't know it. Have any insight?
Thanks for the info! I work in Nova now and there's lots of VT grads here (as well as PSU grads) so the upcoming series should be great.
Should be the right [clip](https://youtu.be/MV_1xZTA4yg)
I'm by no means anti-police but if you're talking about incriminating yourself, there's nothing smart about making their job easier. The burden of proof lies on them.
The starters were still pretty good that year. I think people forget Penn state was a 1 loss (to Alabama) team before the scandal broke in November '11.
Idea I thought of when I was a student who didn't love other students coming late to less important home games: a rewards program wherein you get higher priority for tickets the following year if you get to more games and at the appropriate time. The "best" fans then don't get left out when the student tickets sell out.
This is always my example for how one player is not larger than the franchise.
My two favorite teams. Excellent.
Huge for them. Kid is a stud. He'll be fun to watch the next few years.
I'm... Ok with this. We can be with our true rivals.
Maybe Ian Cole for Robert Bortuzzo. See what the kid has.
I actually really like Ian Cole. I hope they can make a deal with him work.
Fingers crossed that they can get it done!
Correct. They could certainly use his size too.
It's a short season, like the original Walking Dead season 1 and it will run right into the premiere of the original.
4 D lineman in 8 days. Sheesh!
[Well then](https://vine.co/v/ed52iWhtKvM)
And wouldn't hold up to a first year law student's criticism in court.
"immovable position" - someone who hated Penn State before
You do realize the NCAA totally buckled and settled out of court when the State of Pennsylvania was going to sue them because of what hot trash the Freeh report is. The NCAA was about to get their collective asses handed to them.
There's a nut that thinks that (edit: he's not an alum and has no ties to Penn State, he's just trying to make a name for himself) and a few people that agree with him. I'd prefer Sandusky was hung for that shit. That doest change the fact that the NCAA overstep their purview and tried to make an example of Penn State while leaning on the Freeh report that holds as much water as a colander.
Except every time that it's challenged, the party holding it up as a source settles or folds. The NCAA knows it's trash as much as anyone.
I can care a ton. Responsible parties are in jail or awaiting trial. I'm just someone who knows how to assign blame where due and not blanket the whole University like you.
Bust that took national champion Ohio State (edit: last year) to 2 OT behind a paper bag for an offensive line and reduced scholarships.
My god. Shame on you if you turned this game off.
A program hit with scholarship reducing sanctions?
It should be a good game. We're losing him and most of the D line but our back 7 should be improved. Pitt should retain a lot of talent and if Conner can get back healthy that would be a huge boost.
I'm a Pens fan (coming in peace!) but please listen to Mike Lange if you get a chance. Man is a freaking treasure.
That's exactly what it is.
I'm thankful for his contributions but he's just getting overtaken by the young talent. Good luck to him.
He's going to Oklahoma.
FYI, all the NHL games radio feeds are available for free on the NHL app. You just have to register your email.
He did pull himself out of a game.
I think he did play the next game but he got some national media attention with some comments he made about being careful, especially when you're young. I thought it was a good start to a discussion about concussion care.
I'm hoping this isn't symptomatic of a bigger problem but I guess if you have a team with many walk ons or some that have earned scholarship, they might fall down the depth chart if better players are coming in. I'm just trying not to jump to conclusions.
I had to go back to the box score. I remembered the game very incorrectly. Thanks for pointing that out.
And a top RB recruit coming in.
That game set college football back ten years.
I also think renovation is much more likely. They just spent $10 million on new scoreboards and the luxury box side is pretty fresh. The press box is ancient though. The facilities in the grandstands (concessions/bathrooms) are nice but when you get down to the lower bowl they're really spotty. That is the sort of thing that could use a major overhaul.
Yes, I'm sure those would be addressed with a renovation. Right now there is a big company hired to look over all aspects of facilities for Beaver Stadium, the Jordan center and Rec Hall. They'll make recommendations after their review.
Boo. I love Big Ten hockey so far. I did wonder if they'd add teams for hockey only in the future. For example, the Big Ten sponsors lacrosse now, with Johns Hopkins being lacrosse only.
Dealers do this all the time with "demo" cars. The manager or his wife or a local college coach or nfl player drives a car and talks up the dealership. The car is never "sold" and still is on a MSO (Manufacturers Statement of Origin) and has never been titled so it's technically still a "new" car. The buyers have to be made aware of this as well.
Yeah... Club sports red tape is fun. "No bows or arrows on clothing. Swords are totally OK for fencing club."
The man who called all of his timeouts at the end of a blowout loss to delay the B1G trophy presentation and make my feet colder. (This is in jest, I don't mind MSU)
Pitt has FANTASTIC players but in the comparison game, PSU suffers from their stars being at positions that aren't as sexy. All in all, I think it's pretty darn even. Larry Fitz looks a lot cooler streaking down the field with his hair flowing than Tamba Hali does making a tackle.
Well, after Harbaugh has a sleepover at his house, probably not.
I would think the PSU coaches are assuming Nordin is going to go to Michigan.
Maybe he thinks our offense will be bad and he'll get lots of chances to kick long field goals...
I expect "ahem" some hostility next year.
I want both to be good and stable for a healthy rivalry. The teams had damned similar seasons last year - beating all the teams they were supposed to and losing to all the teams they were supposed to, including some nationally elite teams. Both lost bowl games. I've just grown tired of the narrative where Pitt is on the rise and Penn State is a sinking ship. They are very, very similar right now.
I mean, it doesn't look great, but IMO, it was worth a gamble. If even one guy had said yes it would have been well worth any of the negative attention.
He's announcing that he's running for mayor of DC!
He's doing Flying Elbow Drops in Heaven.
We should fire John Donovan.
Didn't they catch it at a pretty good time? I thought he was working out to rehab his injury and felt questionable.
sta7ic will likely point out that those guys aren't "real reporters," just bloggers, and he'd be correct, but your point about their implications holds true, especially when these guys are in direct contact with recruits. I think it would be unprofessional for a recruiting blogger to insinuate things like that to 17 year old kids, but I'm also not naive enough to believe it doesn't happen, regardless of team.
Did you see the Katy Perry halftime show last year?
The 06-07 series was pretty good.
That's the kind of hate I'm looking for.
I know the feeling. The Crowbar, one of my favorite music venues, closed right before my freshman year. Bummer.
LaVar Arrington is the reason I like college football. Edit: See that 11 in my username? It's his 11. Brought it the whole way over from my AIM screen name.
Hack's on the field contributions will always be second in my mind after his off the field contributions. Lots of people bitching about 7 wins would be hoping for a third or fourth by season's end without him, I'm convinced.
Anthony Morelli? If I could reach through the internet to fight one person, it would be you.
I'd tell you to just get a regular hunting bow to start. It's a great sport, you get additional days in the woods if you state is like mine and hunting is something you're interested in, and, for me the best part is... you go pull your bullets out of the target and use them again. I shoot a few times a week for a couple hours. I could never afford to run even my shotgun like that.
For sure. Target Archery is very cathartic for me... Unless I'm sucking that day.
I will never forgive them for 2008. Also, when I was five in 1993, I got aggravated that Penn State was playing the Steelers and wouldn't watch, I'm told.
I can't throw all the blame on him. No one that ever stepped foot in State College thought higher of himself than Anthony Morelli. That kind of attitude is not what you need to be successful.
Gold Medalist Chris Kunitz.
I'd feel much better about it if it was week 4. So early in the season is a big question mark.
Bethel Park?
And then Sid pockets the OT goal in that game, IIRC.
I disagree. (Edit: To the slap on the wrist part, I agree that Baylor will not get the death penalty) Allowing all players to transfer without having to sit is easily forgotten because not many people left, even though the guys that left were the top RB, WR, and K, but that was still a strong punishment. $60 million in fines (roughly equal to a year of football revenue, few businesses could survive losing an entire year of revenue), bowl bans, and scholarship reductions all existed even after the NCAA backpedaled. That is all outside the fact that the NCAA only ended up removing the consent decree because they were about to be publicly raked over the coals in an antitrust lawsuit with the State of Pennsylvania.
I don't think everyone agrees, but I really loved those baby blues from the Winter Classic. The Pittsburgh Gold ones are the absolute best though.
He "has a small penis" in one episode of How I Met Your Mother though, so it's not like he has a perfect life.
I expected exactly that kind of response from Sullivan.
I wondered that as well. I think I remember seeing something a few years ago about people that would wear them that way because they know the TV camera is back there. Seems ridiculous to me though.
I also hear that he cheats at faceoffs.
I really like the fact that the schedule is so Division-heavy late in the season. This time zone thing is resultant of that. Philly, NYR, NYI, Washington, Carolina, New Jersey, and Columbus are all Eastern Time Zone Teams.
What a pleasant change from last year. They would have ended up the #1 lottery team if they had that same slate.
That's a great point.
We are not the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League school in Philadelphia founded by Ben Franklin. It happens more to them than us, I think. Recently a WWE female wrestler worked out at a gym at UPenn and tweeted that she was at Penn State. Penn State is a pretty darn good school, but I think it has to be frustrating if you went to UPenn, busted your ass to get an Ivy League degree, and get lumped in with the State school because of similar name.
But... it worked for game 2. I do enjoy that Dave Mustaine is a legitimate crazy person now. My other thought was some Iron Maiden, I wanted to give the 3rd star for game 2 to the sound guy at Consol, he played my favorite Maiden song, The Trooper, at a big moment.
Noter Dame.
If summoning a beast from the depths of hell is what it takes to win the Cup, you bet that Sid would be out there doing the summoning dance.
IT'S VERY NICE THAT METALLICA WILL BE IN ATTENDANCE TONIGHT TO PLAY CREEPING DEATH ABOUT THE SHARKS STANLEY CUP HOPES.
IF IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ICING, IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME.
Yes. Please so much yes. Also, the goalie masks would just be incredible.
YOU SAY THAT LIKE IT'S A BAD THING. FORMER PITTSBURGH STEELER TOMMY MADDOX IS THE 15 YEAR REIGNING XFL MVP. I DON'T FORGET.
Hey that's my comment! Thanks, guy!
Yeah, Bellefonte is cool to me because it's so similar to my home town; it's a small old-ish county seat near the bigger town. Happy Valley is a neat place, especially if you're an outdoorsy person.
Sounds like a good strategery.
They are those same bracelets that got thrown on the ice in Philadelphia. They're insanely cool. They have an infrared receiver and are programmable by section for awesome light shows.
Jesus Christ, dude. Don't say his name. That's how they find you. Didn't you read anything?
I watched the one they did last year at the NBA finals earlier today and was pretty disappointed so my expectations were low.
All 3 of the Penguins Cup wins have come on the road. Now they'll have their opportunity to win at home. Unreal. Also Doc waiting until the bitter end to sneak in the obligatory Pirates reference. Man is a damn treasure.
It's way better when he's not ripping your heart out and instead ripping out the heart of your opposition.
I don't deserve this gift you're giving, but let me be the first to say that I think this is an unbelievable showing of genuine human heart. I'm pretty moved by your offering. Please update us with pictures once you've gone.
You should do some genealogy research.
Whether you think he was pure as an angel or guilty as the devil, I think there's an appropriate argument that can be made for the "unjustly reacted too fast" in the firing, especially when you consider that Spanier, Shultz and Curley were retained and even defended by the University for a little while. There was a lot of media outrage and the firing was a way that the Board could alleviate some of the outside pressure.
I believe the Rings are cut and flattened for display.
Not a huge deal but you have Paterno with 2 conference championships and it should be 3 (1994, 2005, 2008) and also with 3 National Championships when it is usually stated as only 2 (unless you are counting 1994, and that is very kind, but not typically counted).
Twice. Maybe they can win 4-1 tonight.
I think that dude was just joking about it also being the Steelers facility. Kind of a +/- for Pitt. Great that it's in the same facility as the gold (heh) standard of NFL teams, sorta stinks that it's far from campus.
I'll go over with 7 or 8. Supposedly new and explosive offense with the correct kind of QB that Franklin wants to play with, some of the best skill position players Penn State has had since the 2008 season, but big losses of 3 drafted on the defensive line make the defense a question mark, and as always, how will the offensive line look?
His off the field contributions will forever be more significant than his on the field contributions: (he holds basically every Penn State passing record, led them to winning seasons in years where Penn State was predicted to be the bottom of the barrel, led them to numerous come from behind victories and a bowl win and has a great opportunity in the NFL)
Shame on you both for arguing on the internet about the difference between 1 mile and 2.2 miles.
I am familiar with Pittsburgh. I spent multiple years working around the campus, even some work on the campus with respect to the vehicles Joe Jordano, Joe Rudolph, Jamie Dixon, etc. drive. All I was saying is that you take a vehicle to the Southside facility. Y'all are getting very defensive arguing the smallest of margins.
I would argue that my use of "far from campus" is not so out of line though. I'd love to know data on this, but I would wager to think that the distance between the campus and practice facility or campus and stadium is further at Pitt than the high majority of colleges, especially ones not located in cities. Again, not meant to be a shot whatsoever, I'm just trying to talk data. Edit: Just looking at the ACC including Notre Dame, only 3 schools have off campus stadiums. Miami is horribly far away, and NC state is similar to Pitt in distance. Wvu is sort of an outlier; their stadium is on campus but the campus is split.
I would legitimately rather give the program money that they can use to further their student athlete programs (especially the Olympic sports) than give $200 bucks to a guy that doesn't like his own school enough to go to the Penn State game. Edit: and I'll be giving the remaining tickets to Pitt alum family.
I anticipate it to get really nasty before the Pitt/Penn state game this year and I welcome it. Good luck to Temple, for sure. Had some friends that played for them in past years and I always like to see them do well save for one game a year.
Radio interviews I've heard with WVUs coach have said that WVU was willing to extend, but Pitt's AD at the time was not. Now that Pitt has a much more competent AD, I think they're both more open to extending the series past the currently scheduled games.
Not a good week for Detroit. Obviously Howe was a legend and that goes without saying, but Muhammad Ali also had strong Michigan/Detroit ties. _/
Ahem, 3 time Stanley Cup Champion, Olympic Gold medal winning Chris Kunitz.
I was in school when they were transitioning to online tickets. The first year they didn't have it split among classes. I remember hearing that the 21,000 we're accounted for in 59 seconds... and then Ticketmaster crashed. I was lucky enough to get mine. After that, they started splitting it by class status and the Ticketmaster fees jumped to $50.
My freshman year was a huge outrage. Tickets were always via mail and students could just casually mail them in. Well, following the Orange Bowl win, interest was at a high and a TON of Seniors didn't get them. I know some people that made a pretty penny selling theirs to seniors.
Yeah, I found it confusing to the conversation. "I'm rooting for the Lightning, but I'm really a Wild fan."
I hope it looks as great at noon as it did for prime-time against Rutgers last year.
Not everyone would agree with this, but I always thought it would be cool for the previous year's Captain to pass it to the next Captain. It highlights the fact that's it's a trophy you hold and don't keep. Obviously this could create problems if a team repeats or if the winning team loses the Final the next year, but I always thought it would be really cool.
I remember being super mad about that Wisconsin game.
I have Gamecenter and you can select the French Canadian feed for Montreal, for example. Would be great if you could get these guys.
Not that guy at all. I didn't know any of that and am genuinely happy you posted it. TIL. Thanks!
Dick Tarnstrom
The [Battle for the Land Grant Trophy](http://photos1.blogger.com/x/blogger2/544/1973/1600/579444/trophy2.jpg), the greatest trophy in all of sports was very manufactured, with Penn State having overwhelming success at the beginning, now followed by many dominant years from Michigan State. It would have been much better with some more parity. It is a forced rivalry, but darn, I missed it bad for the few years they didn't play it.
I enjoy walking past Ford Theater after the games to Metro Center. Just feels important.
I agree completely. Kessel played well in the Final but didn't have the huge moments he did in the previous 3 series.
Tom Bradley's single win as a head coach, which was one of the vacated wins for a while, if I'm not mistaken.
I pre-ordered it on Amazon and it says "Arriving July 26, 2016."
Moving soon. Thanks, this may be my lifesaver!
There was a phenomenal MS Paint Monday drawing of this that I was SURE was saved on my phone, but no luck. It said "Oh God, the ball!"
I moved hockey seats 2 years ago because the guy beside us had large ball syndrome and sat with his legs spread as far as possible. Also, per my buddy, "he smelled like he worked in a band-aid factory."
Totally agree.
Some people just think they're funny. People also used to sneak "Austin Scott" into the Alma Mater near the "May no act of ours bring shame" line, and a silver lining of the JS bullshit is that those idiots stopped singing that part.
SORRY I WAS SAD. FIXED.
Very possible
Things more interesting than Baseball to occupy your time until College Football Season.
I said "more interesting" not "puts you to sleep."
Hey, hey, there's no need for that. Each of those players brought a critical skill set that allowed them to beat ~~Russia~~ Iceland in their second game after getting killed by ~~Russia~~ Iceland in ~~Madison Square Garden~~ their first loss of the Junior Goodwill games.
Iowa 6, Penn State 4. Iowa allowed an intentional safety. That game set college football back 10 years.
Hey guys, come have a seat at this CLEARLY NOT A CHEVY COMMERCIAL table.
There were people ready to run him out of town last year. His aggressive moves this year paid off in Spades.
Pitt. They had 1 more win than Penn State did last year (an FCS team, btw) and they act like they're the next Alabama while Penn State is trash. They might end up being very good, but many of their fans are putting the cart way ahead of the horse.
"Haha look at the sinking ship in Happy Valley! Graduating seniors are transferring because there are younger, very talented players displacing them now that Penn State can field full scholarship numbers and has had a few good recruiting classes lately. What a mess!"
I root for Big Ten rivals in Bowl games, but I'd never root for Pitt. Their blow up against Houston was pretty excellent while still at work with a Pitt grad.
From what I heard about the nightlife of Superstar and French Canadian Dream, Max Talbot, that first one is pretty likely.
I laughed pretty hard the first time I heard that, especially because the announcer says it in such a response-sounding way. "There is one minute remaining in the period."
I've posted this before. The Las Vegas [Aces High.](http://www.aereo.jor.br/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/aces-high.jpg)
I'm also a Pens fan that has a soft spot for the Coyotes. A friend in college brought up following them a little and it just stuck. It doesn't help that I have a jersey problem with buying too many, but it helps that I try to find older ones on eBay. Just be patient and you can find a nice one on there for $40 or $50.
I think Hartnell is that perfect example of a guy you straight up hate if he is playing against you, but I think if they Penguins acquired him, he'd soon be a fan favorite. (Not that I'm advocating for that, he doesn't fit the system they're playing right now whatsoever.)
Shocked. Shocked, I tell you.
HYPE TRAIN BABY. Those away jerseys are incredible too.
Terribly kept secret, obviously, but it makes a lot more sense to go back to crowd-favorite throwbacks for the 50th anniversary than the 49th. Adding that 4th Cup doesn't hurt.
They might not even have an alternate at first. Let everyone buy these ones up and then hit them with a cool alternate. I have a diagonal Pittsburgh Lemieux jersey, so I'm torn; I love it and want them to wear them, but it's a little more rare and then everyone will have one. Also, I really like the Red/White/Blue for the Caps, but for the love of God, why do they not use the W Eagle more? It's an incredible logo. It has an Eagle for the Mascot, a W for Washington, and the actual Capitol building in the negative space. It's too well thought out to not be on the front of the jerseys, passed over for simple text with an "L" hockey stick.
Pretttty, pretttty, pretttty good.
Incredible. Thanks.
Independence Day came out last night! Also seconding Suicide Squad.
I don't think they're planning on firing him if they just gave all of his assistants new multi-year guaranteed contracts.
I think you had the order of the sentence all reversed.
We don't speak that name.
If you guys ever manage to beat us, come let me know.
I'll write a letter.
Penn State went for it quite a bit with Bill O'Brien, mostly because their special teams were bad and they really had nothing to lose in terms of bowl eligibility. I used to joke that O'Brien said "Last game of the year, Dan, can't hold anything back." before every game. They had pretty awesome success with it, including a 4th and 6 from the 41 that became a 41 yard TD pass to Jesse James that was the big turning point in upsetting Wisconsin during the final game of the season.
Simulation of a tailgate: You're not a Pitt fan? Great...come on over. "You can have any beer you want, as long as it's a Corona."
Actually having a scholarship kicker and a scholarship punter is an underrated wrinkle to this season.
Front page of /r/all
In all seriousness, we do have a pretty big combined Penn State / Pitt tailgate in the works for September. Should be a good time.
No one likes the tuna here.
I didn't know it was to Alabama yet. I've been to the brewery a handful of times and it's pretty great. The first time I was there, this man in a plaid shirt was shoveling shale in the courtyard, and the tour guide says, "Oh, there's Dick Yuengling, the owner."
It's probably been 2 years now that you bring it up, but Malkin got called for it.
I think this will be industry-wide before you know it. It's too hard for these athletic departments to turn down guaranteed money.
I've taken on an affinity for Temple. They had a great season last year and aside from one game that will go unmentioned, I really enjoyed watching them play. It hurts to say nice things about a team from Philadelphia.
Citrus Bowl vs. Ole Miss? Sign me up.
Highly appropriate.
Can you guys wear the powder blue helmets?
This is the /u/dkviper11 stamp of approval.
Penn State grad and hockey ticket holder here. The stadium needs pretty significant improvement before it could host an NHL game. The school has big plans to use the stadium for hockey/soccer/concert events once it has been updated. They're currently in the middle of a complete athletic facilities review with the company Populous that will almost certainly lead to the kind of renovations that would be necessary to host a Winter Classic style game. Believe me, there aren't many that would be more excited about it than me.
There are those, and to generalize, I would say they are older folks, that always think the Big Ten is against Penn State. Those are the people that bring up the ACC talk. If the Big Ten had it out for Penn State, they would have kicked them out in 2011 or 2012.
I think negative recruiting happens with every school, and that this comment Franklin made in a sit down with a reporter is not congruent with a headline like this, like he called a press conference to put this out there.
No, and I don't think they should have done that, but I think that that kind of showing was small potatoes after a few years where the athletic department felt that it's was punished in an unfair process, a feeling that it seems would have been shared by the court system. I think that was also a byproduct of the new AD trying to make herself look good to the alumni base. It wasn't a good look and I think if you asked her, she would have thought longer about a public display like that.
That's rough. He probably would have had a ton of success with us that year. We had a stellar offensive line. I'm down in Fairfax now. Looking forward to my first game at FedEx field coming up this fall.
Penn State @ Pitt September 10th and I can't wait. I want it to be nasty, and I don't think I'll be let down. Pitt should have a pretty good team this year; it will be a big challenge for Penn State's D line to play well after losing 3 guys to the NFL. Hopefully the new Joe Moorhead-led offense will be explosive enough to get ahead early. Last year, Pitt struggled to contain teams in the first half and had great adjustments after halftime, although often too late. We went to far as to get Pitt season tickets last year so we'd have great seats. A close family friend and ND fan went to the sold out ND game last year at a significant cost savings. The rest of the tickets were donated or given to Pitt family members. The plan for this year is to do the same. I'm still shocked at how good our seats are. I know a good many Penn State fans have gone with the same plan or gotten mini-plans to get tickets, but I think the majority of those will be in the grandstands.
New Year. New Croot!
You guys are the best 💙💙💙
I agree with this 90%... But to play Devil's advocate, Penn State also had an additional win (so equal wins to Ohio State) that was earned based on merit; earned specifically by beating the other team in this discussion.
Noter Dame. Heh.
That's why I think a lot of people aren't disappointed. Penn State was unranked entering the season and are 5 now. House Money.
Not sure if you follow hockey, but my favorite player for years and years was Pascal Dupuis of the Penguins. He wrote 2 stories with The Player's Tribune during and after battling and then retiring due to blood clot issues. I can't get through them without tearing up.
Penn State has become the flagship of child protection processes and has been lauded as so by agencies that deal in those matters.
