coke, 30 paces away
I only worked there for two weeks, during which he talked to me twice before, once on the very first day, and once in the middle asking when I was taking my breaks (I staggered with the other guy)
First day: "Hello you will be working here", shows me sub boss, who was apologetic when he escorted me out but didn't do shit. Other day: "When are you taking your breaks? How many breaks are you taking?" (i'll admit I took 3 breaks instead of the mandated two on another day(5 mins long), but again we were far ahead of quota and the guy I worked with was fine with it) He said when he fired me "Don't give me this horseshit", "I don't care", "Escort him off the premises", and "I don't want to see him here" I wasn't doing anything badly, on Tuesday I set a company record for fabricating a certain part, exceeding quota by 150 parts. He didn't give me any feedback besides the vague "well done" and threatening to fire me.
Well fuck. I did tell CECA what the ex-boss said to me, so I hope they'll take at least some action in expunging the record.
Oh, well. I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
Yeah I sent them an email soon after I was fired, and left a voicemail. I'll try calling again monday. I'm actually reasonably sure the guy who fired me(he's low level, but the most senior around on Friday evenings) even remembered that I was a coop, not a temp, and he just fired me for whatever reason. Thanks
It's okay, like I said in another thread I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
I don't get paid enough for coke
I sent an email to HR lady who hired me, she's nice, but she wasn't at work. At this point I just don't want whatever shit that supervisor writes in my review to be on my jobmine record.
Way to twist the knife fam
To all the people asking me to out the company: thank you, but there are a number of other coops still working there and I don't want to rock their boat as well. I spoke casually to a lawyer acquaintance of mine and he estimated fees that makes me disinclined to actually pursue legal action...
kek/kek I see them in the McD drivethrough sometimes. I'm not grudging them their meal break, but jfc your orders always take forever to make
Hello, I will give an update on what has happened. So after a lot of three-way back-and-forth between the Company, me, and CECA their HR called me in for a meeting to 'get the facts'. So I went in for the meeting with a fully concilatory and apologetic tone, shook the guy's hand, apologized for questioning him as a superior and as a elder, and generally fell on my sword, because you know, co-op. That was on Thursday. Today I get a call from HR stating that "we stand by our supervisor's decision" etc etc and basically yes you're fired. Presumably no action was taken against the old-timer. I haven't heard back from CECA yet- for those curious the company is Bend All Automotive.
I deferred for multiple years. You need to write a letter explaining the reason for your deferment, and they will take it up with the admissions committee and give you an answer. They expect you to accept the offer first, though. Deferments of less than 2 years are fine, more are tricky, but I got mine approved.
Nice Orwell meme m8
I love big goose
tru
yes Buy it
Oopsi
Is 1v1 RCH 1st floor 4:20pm multimeters only kill?
there there *pats*
Meme
They're takin muh jerbsssss
Kinkaku
Statistically we're Paul Walker
Take an uber
It's all relative One hair on your head is relatively less One hair in your soup is relatively more Kinkaku is relatively near
but it's relatively close in comparison with toronto it's all relative
ye so i'll go to sushi kaji
pay you $2.50
Is this Paul ward
DJ Khaled
idgi
Fuck its cold
I bend my knee to no king They may take our lives but they'll never take our freedommmmmmmm
Murica
I didn't live in UW residences, but I did live in dorms Yes, alarms disturb you, especially if it's a clock-type and loud as hell, or a really annoying song on repeat. I tossed the former across the room and it never disturbed us again Also jesus christ be tidy
bolicy 71
I want to spend my dogecoin instead
No, I have All seasons and I've managed thus far Been snowed in like once
than q
than q
Fucking NSA, don't mine my data
Me too famiglia
WEWLAD
Kickoff is bad
dont fail pd
Rude
"[Question] Can I store condoms in a tight space? " Why is this a question?
oki
What's the problem here?
trigger
Your questions get answered anyway, so why do you have a problem?
How about you go make your own serious Waterloo sub like I told the last guy to whine about 'shitposting'?
U want some fite?
Plenty of Asians here smoke
ECON 101/102 isn't birdy- it's straightforward, yes, but you have to devote some time to reading the text and doing the study guide questions of you want a 90+
Ye I don't want some randos on Reddit deciding that legitimate content is shitposting and trying to suppress it- that's awfully Nazi
U fucked up the emoticon m8
Waterloojerk is all pics and lazy trolling-what R/uWaterloo is now was never part of r/waterloojerk's bailiwick. I posit that the current posting trend is what I Waterloo's culture really is, and there should be no stifling of it
They fucking stole Sedra Smith u/removebaklava
What you define as 'shitposting' is a healthy expression of this University's culture, I'm afraid. How about not suppressing said culture and killing this sub? R/uwaterloo was dead bar the occasional asinine admissions question
"there doesn't seem to be anything here" How odd. In any case, you already know the answer to your question-its a meme in itself: "Ask your academic advisor"
When nature calls, I'm not driving home
There are maybe five or so of what you define 'shitposters'-not enough to upset the downvote system
It was ded
I didnt
Sedra Smith is quality meme
They fade away, just like the old goose posts or train circlejerk, and do this sub no damage
Toot toot
Talk to people in class, go to parties, play games, etc etc
I'm sorry, do you have an actual argument? I've pointed out that the limited bailiwick of uwaterloojerk isn't representative of this University's culture, which includes what you define as 'shitposting' a culture far better to the dead sub before it broke out. Also you used greentext wrong
HoC Season 4 hype hype hype
what the fuckkkk
# #AMERICAWORKS
Don't do parking lot donuts
Donuts and burnouts cause damage to your car and tires, which are expensive to rectify and illegal to leave alone Donuts and burnouts also pose a danger to you and those around you during your eventual loss of control Donuts and burnouts are illegal under [Canadian law] (https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Canadian_Criminal_Law/Offences/Dangerous_Operation_of_a_Motor_Vehicle) and you should obey the law or face the consequences Donuts and burnouts don't teach you how to handle your vehicle in a loss of control situation-proper courses in closed tracks with instructors do Donuts and burnouts make you look like some sort of manchild that watched the FF series and took the wrong lessons away from it-it's about familia, like Dom said Paul Walker is dead
kek that's still illegal tho Basically don't do burnouts and donuts
It was dead. There were no 'good' discussions or expression's of this University's culture, just the occasional admissions question that could have been solved by google. University culture is relevant to the University and shall be discussed here
DJ Khaled
Depends how 'nice'-Raffi in Conestoga, but they're a scam. Either go to the States or order them online
o thank u
[This is how you actually learn how to drive in snow](http://www.carcontrolschool.com/winter-driving-school/)
Ok, I misspoke, I /think/ they're scam, but that's because I'm fob and all independent jewellers and watch stores are scam
I'd like to come, but I have classes :v RADM Hopper is a top person too
Trying to 'learn' with no guidance outside an approved, safe, legal course and location with personal and public safety in mind is going to achieve nothing, as experimentation isn't going to reach the same level of confidence as going through a professionally-managed course, a course designed to teach you how to handle dangerous situations in winter-a course that's far superior to anything you could 'learn' while 'practicing' Not to mention how irresponsible it is to endanger public property and public lives with your gallivanting, let alone how it's blatantly illegal to do so No, people like OP who go around endangering others and breaking the law for keks while hiding behind the lie of 'I'm just practicing' are not free of blame in the least. I suggest you stop defending criminality
Are u licensed tho If not Bee doo bee doo this is the police
Reasonably many
It's very brutalist and depressing architecture-wise
International student tuition numbers are available in the UW engineering website, there's also a budget tool that allows you to calculate average monthly expenses outside of school-I'm not a baller, but. I live an OK lifestyle with around $1000 a month, but that includes gas and parking and shit for my car and other disposables like food and entertainment, not fixed expenses necessarily
I was referring to their prices being scam kek
M80 u kno frosh sucked 12AM Popeye &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; frosh week
M8
Work in loo and see your friends every day
OHHHHHH SNAP
"His first stop will be at 8:30 a.m. at the University of Waterloo, where he will make an announcement at Needles Hall." I wonder what it could be
When is futsal
What makes you think we left? I had stuff to do fam
Those memes are shit I was doing jobmine stuff
Eat Sleep Rave Repeat
Is this referendum even binding? I mean, can UW admin just ignore it?
Club funding for bottle service?
Mr. Humdullapur's wild ride never ends
I'm a children, give me joy
u/frozen-placenta
Thanks for the top tip mr shittycsstudent!
&gt;Apply for job &gt;Wait for interview announcements &gt;Go for interviews &gt;Wait for ranking to open &gt;Rank &gt;Wait for ranking results to come out &gt;"I have job, yay" or "I have job, oh no" The End
My place not for rent
&gt;Many of these institutions are involved in research and development of weapons, military training There is nothing wrong with this, LockMart hire me pls
ni hao
no u I need to maximize chances of success, so 50 it is op don't scam the system you'll get burnt for it
Starbucks is nice
tl;Dr, will submit 50 resumes
But loony leftists are a core part of what makes a university a university fam
Than q
I like their spicy chicken
Talk to UW and Mac and find out if Co-op/PD/WR marks will show up on your transcript or academic history If it does, then I would advise you to stick it out, or get medical help to justify leaving If not, do whatever Does your current workplace start with B or N?
where is this
You know you can put them in your pocket fam? Or even in a bag!
ur bag has more pockets than mine desu
&gt;feminist is devil meme hello /r9k/! Also don't tar entire towns based on inaccurate information I guess
I'm not looking down on labourers, factory workers, farmers or the like-my point was that these jobs generally aren't related to one's degree. The reason CECA gives for listing these jobs are the reasons you state, but tbh you can make the narrative that they listed those jobs instead of just telling you to go work somewhere to pad their stats. I worked before, I had to take a foundational because I was really dumb during continuous, but tbh working in a factory was rather annoying-I did my job well, but setting an all-time production record on my 8th day just to be shittalked to by some rando trash about not being some automaton was quite hurtful, my inflated ego or no
There's nothing wrong with feminism as a movement-females deserve equal wages and opportunities as males m80 Just like any other mass movement they have their own extremists and dumbasses, and it's more prevalent due to the internet age and their policy of 'inclusiveness', but equating 'feminist' to 'bad' isn't very smart fam &gt; Stay-at-home moms are unicorns; and they're all Asian when they do exist. why should they stay at home, or vice versa? &gt;I have had plenty of girlfriends. You can still b a robot familia. Please don't make inaccurate implications about feminism and 'she devils who've come to make everyone cucks'
Man I skimmed this and thought this was about cheating in relationships
[first Pepe now this](https://i.gyazo.com/ce69c282f1aa00106ba3b1c2aeebd7d6.png)
Kinkaku
You missed the point tho-you don't tar the entire movement because of the actions of a few, just like say the hockey fans after Vancouver
Well done
I don't know about you fam, but I don't make ramen with ramen sides and ramen soup so cooking takes my quite a bit longer than 15 mins Besides, if people are willing and able to spend $600-odd a month on outside food then more power to them, they're stimulating their local economy
Shen me?
M80 I made a chickpea dish, which is one of the simpler things I make. It takes 25 minutes to boil the chickpeas, total prep time's like 35 minutes Eggplant takes longer to make There are people who feel that this time investment that isn't worth the output of home-cooked food. If they want to save time (and time is money) by eating out, more power to them. Don't be so judgemental
Restaurants trade food and service for money-why are you so mad about restaurants that sell a low-price, convenient product to a captive market(students with no cars)? The plaza isn't even that expensivr
I was specifically referring to /cook/ time like you, not prep time. If takes 25 minutes to pressure cook after soaking overnight I suggest you not be so judgemental for no fathomable reason. Just like Obama or Putin or DJ Khaled doesn't cook his own meals, because they have better things to do, so do the more well-heeled students here. They're not necessarily lazy, just making, from their point of view, better use of their time
Fuck off back to r9k m88
This is selection bias. Every movement has the same loudmouths that color the perception of the whole group, and feminism is no different. It's the previously mentioned engagement of social media and loud arguments both pro-and anti- feminists looking for trump card that's made them so visible and 'representative of feminism' Grills should have equal rights fami
Can you review Kinkaku?
&gt;lowkey slip the hostess a $20 to get your party seated as soon as possible lol I should do this how do I do this I don't know how to bribe
Using Ultron extensions
Call the police, present them with your evidence, and talk to the landlord about the illegal resident
No stay down pls
Whatever u call the person who isn't paying rent
Oh my god The referendum passing will make us a laughing stock Admin may choose not to enforce it at all Israel, for all its many faults, is the least bad option compared to certain other nation-states in the area and their rather interesting rhetoric Their universities and research establishments make good shit I suggest that we focus our energies on things that will actually make a difference in the Palestine rather than this divisive, ultimately pointless, feel-good bullshit which may just result in UW shooting itself in the foot if admin does accept the ruling
DM me :)
Are there stats available about how many undergrads actually end up with $100K base after 5 years? If it's the norm I don't get the crying about student loans For all three disciplines, that is
I don't want the terrorists to win
I want to go to Israel, Israel seems cool-exchange would be nice Pls don't kil relations
Guest who doesn't pay rent and quite possibly lives long-term in violation of contract
pro-tenant legislation makes me sad OK it protects the lessors so whatever
That's the only thing in the 'skills' section of my resume tho
Nigga I said base n statistics
Memes&gt;Incredibly complicated issue we cannot hope to change
Shitty meme
Watami or Kinkaku-Watami's closer
Originally when I came to do NS I had no Singapore residence, and allowances were made for me to stay in on weekends during BMT-I would be allowed to book out with the Coy, and book in every night before 2359H-meals were also indented and I was expected to report to DS every few hours or so in the day if I was in on weekends. I gather they had SOP for this, so it wasn't that bad-there was a circular sent out informing neighbouring coys of this. I found a place so I never had to actually do this Same thing can be arranged for anyone else in bmt, school, or unit really. If you're sick ATTN C in bunk, if you're really sick go to SGH/CGH
Sedra Smith
I use [these](http://www.amazon.ca/gp/aw/d/B002LRS4N0/ref=mp_s_a_1_35?qid=1453697625&amp;sr=8-35&amp;pi=AC_SX220_SY330_QL65&amp;keywords=Kokuyo+campus&amp;dpPl=1&amp;dpID=416FnbxLo-L&amp;ref=plSrch) buy them on sale they're great
You don't need a bond if you can find two guarantors who are citizens resident in Singapore. They will guarantee for you
Why are u being racis PRC are people too Go back to sammyboy pls Also a GC isn't that exclusive, I'm quite sure you got one off the diversity program
Wut
No my friend, your country is no longer yours
Thanks I always love to visit kebab house
u wot m8 Im not guy who leave dishes in sink for week
Eating an apple is less disruptive than eating fucking soup
cool yo
I Mesh? U Mesh? No, We Mesh!
Since I'm ranked near the bottom I don't care about it
stop shitposting and get ready
Go study
I've half-assed 1 EC
I'm with Bel Air, roughly the same circumstances, $2040
depressing af
Yes, but you're letting them spy on you with their tracker Belair no nsa
'According to them', but there's no way to prevent the transponder from transmitting whenever they ping without them finding out, and I value my privacy more than whatever miniscule discount they offer for recording my movements, which will be promptly cancelled out when they start bleating about how I like to drive around at night which is 'unsafe' somehow
/u/starkwahlberg
ni de jiji hen xiao
dont be roude
wo de jiji bi ni da, ni de jiji shi di qiu zui xiao de
wo bu yao, wo yao yong pinyin
/u/otheruwstudent de jiji bao za la
tru
Don't be silly, wrap your willy
didn't you just ship some pyramids tho
Can I get a yellow sub
Pyramid stimulus package
wo de jiji bu tai da, bu tai xiao
aw I didn't get around to trying the place, now its gone
It's a folder not a file if this garners me any sympathy
What's a homecoming? Is it some sort of white cultural degeneracy?
The abandoned look is certainly a brand new look
Inshallah a Halal place will take over the location
Pad siew &gt; pad thai
Ask the cofounders if they poo in loo
Is it run by Thais/are the cooking staff Thai though, if so it may be legit I went to Thai Sun and it was bland americanized food
Wow we achieved something
yes he's a lad and he doesn't deserve this
ur jiji is haunted
Kinkaku
Lean over and flip the switch on the back of their tower
What are the yaars gonna do, fight lmao
I thought standing outside with me was fun for u :&lt;
