You need to learn about euros?
How was the university maths without having done further maths at school?
I'm not sure. If you look at this phenomenon carefully, you can see that 0-click presses always occur in pairs with 1-click presses one second afterwards. I just don't know what this means.
That's not what I'm talking about. The presses are both shown as red here, at 0 seconds.
Many redditors seem to have a thing with telling people to calm down.
I know. So?
I was just saying that the guy I replied to had the wrong end of the stick.
Is shark week real?
Why are you talking with such finality?
Yet it's still needed constantly.
I mean, if my body would just *tell* me it needs water, I'd go drink some. Why's it got to be all underhanded like this?
He probably just googled it because pronto285 said "*a pair* of shot glasses".
This is why democracy never works. Now, asking as an outside observer, how did FujiJohn get elected?
I thought that too, I guess because of the crazy overtake.
Maybe he got a PS4
Maybe try EVE Online then
Is it me is or everyone else misunderstanding this comment?
You have confused me greatly.
My life got so much better when I started using Imagus.
...I've just realised I was being really dumb. I somehow took 15 to be the year of birth... so either 1915 or 2015. Now I get it.
China has been generous!
How do you know if it's mean or not before reading it?
More facetious
I thought M3 was a pretty good paper, even though I made a few silly mistakes. Did you do the January 2015 IAL? FPs were pretty nice though.
Agreed
Bit of a shame I think. The sub was far from dying.
Oh man, such anti-America circlejerk amirite
The system built to automatically reset the timer with old accounts failed. Info here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Knightsofthebutton/comments/38q9x5/the_button_and_necromancer_postmortem/
How much do you know about the button? The OP of that post created some sort of program (I don't actually know the details) that used "donated" old (sometimes shadow-banned) accounts and synced them up to use their press at 0 seconds, one after the other. However an account that was supposed to press an hour or two ago turned out to be unable to press. So the timer legitimately ran out.
People are leaving school and the SAT hasn't been taken yet? I don't get how this works.
Where can I see the paper?
Ah, that makes sense. I just couldn't comprehend doing M4 &amp; FP3 and not D1 :p I guess there's probably no trick to determining where questions might come from - maybe recent IAL and older UK papers give the best idea. What other subjects are you doing?
New markdown, no slash required: r/upvotedbecausegirl
What do you mean?
Ah okay, fair enough.
I think he was just making a joke. After all, when have you ever seen a flag with a watermark on it?
But hard to spell.
So where do they do the test? Or is it online?
Yeah, only one person in my class opted for M4 and I think the rest of us had had enough of mechanics by that point :p She does say that it's better than M3 though so between you both I think I'm convinced that it's not all that bad :p Only 9 at my school. We lost 4 from last year though, and that's not counting the people who dropped it at the start of AS :s Your Further class is bigger than my Physics class! I can tell you it's a pretty nice way to spend your last year, hehe. I guess that's fair enough of them ; Further Maths probably isn't the safest subject. Yeah, that part of History was nice, especially as a break from all the maths! I just wasn't a fan of my teachers and the style of essay writing they wanted. What topics did you do?
I see. So the test takes place at school, but during the holidays? Or are the younger students not out yet?
That fur looks amazing in the sun.
Post in /r/funny then
What on earth is that contraption?
Next time on Doctor Who...
Literally none on that wall are right. Though I guess Japan's is close.
Why is the military advisor with Notre Dame?
Where do people run over birds that are on the road?
What body of water are you looking across?
He must really hate pro gaming
What would be the minimum required for looking at the sun?
Interesting, thanks.
It really confused me for a second.
&gt;weary of you Ugh, here he comes again, wiping out civilizations as usual... *sigh*
Twist: the daughter is a child prodigy and is in her third year of maths at university.
I got it! Thanks
Where's here?
Reads like Roald Dahl
I wonder how many Channel Islands they went with.
My life got so much better when I started using this.
It's taken from a Youtube video, and Imagus will play the sound with it.
I definitely don't think the audience is supposed to dislike his character. In fact, he's probably one of the ones people empathise with more.
&gt;effectively immediately
It's the Solstice
Is the Napoleonic Wars multiplayer organised?
Cool. I used to watch Malakith Skadi's videos of 77y battles and always fancied being a part of it one day.
I'd also like to know about GTA IV
Oh yeah, didn't notice the complete edition was on summer sale. It's £7.49 for me; I wonder why you get it cheaper?
It's good to hear it's still popular. What do you mean by committing to a regiment being highly debatable?
Okay great, I was hoping you meant that. I play EVE and love the large-scale us vs. them combat in that game, so it will be awesome to experience it in a historical setting. Can you recommend a (newbie-friendly) regiment?
Nice extension, thanks! Yeah, regional differences seems to be the case.
I'm always slightly disappointed when I don't see Guernsey nestled between Guatemala and Guinea. You think you guys have it bad; I have an extra step in selecting a country.
Exactly. The only people who think they are identical don't have the best grasp of the English language.
Can't imagine you've met many English people
What accent is this?
It's like glarce
Title says 10 seconds or less!
You can't edit titles...
&gt;not unnatural &gt;not impure &gt;creepy What does creepy even mean any more?
Try /r/pics
"The cashier is ready for you now; please follow me to their office"
That would explain why it has greeters, then
Man bacteria just don't get a break do they
And http://www.reddit.com/r/PerfectTiming/comments/39rj1s/holy_fuck_perfect_timing/ is almost in spot below that
How do pronounce what? Glass or gloss?
The war has changed.
You need two breaks between lines.
I haven't either and I'm a Brit.
I don't think he was seriously calling it proof.
Catching the bus?
That's because no one actually says moggy, except the odd British grandma
To get to Charmouth
You can start exams that late?
Diapers and preschool in the same comment? Where are you from?
Yeah, I meant late in the morning. I thought they had to start by 9am.
If you can't recognise a question formed in this manner then you are severely out of the loop.
Absolutely. Starting up a game and getting into a session seems like such a commitment, when it's much easier just to watch a video of it. But when I do manage to start playing, I always then enjoy it.
Is it me or does the toff on the right look like Wojak?
Have you seen the Swiss guards?
A dangling participle
I can't imagine life without uniforms
Why your phone?
Which isn't a good thing.
I laughed when I saw Celebrity Worship
Seems a bit weird to use a device that is relatively accessible to others and low on memory to store photos that you can't need to see that often.
Why not? Think of all the time you would save by not having to choose what to wear!
Yeah, but 4chan does a good job of hiding everything useful.
Also waiting for New Vegas! I hope they will not lessen the discounts on the back of the Fallout 4 hype.
This will divide opinion.
Americans
Give it a rest; there's no prevalent anti-America circlejerk on reddit. One post, not even criticising America, makes it to the top and you start whining.
There are too many Americans on reddit for there to be a prevalent circlejerk against it.
You should look him up just for the full name!
I love this phenomenon. I really thought it was universal until I saw people thinking it was weird to want to crush and consume whatever cute thing it is. [Key and Peele get it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6iC0Vi1yEg)
They are the daily deals that started yesterday.
We're right outside. Open up.
The house on the left is nothing short of abhorrent
Did you reply to the right person there?
I think it's positively ugly. I can't stand wrinkly faces and big bulbous heads. Its eyes are also far too far apart.
Go back to sleep, grandma.
Have you got another analogy which explains FIFA and Football Manager?
You should go and see if you can get inside!
What's up with all the extra symbols on the keys?
He's shorter than I expected.
I don't think that's too unreasonable
Man, I remember seeing this on The Slammer!
You have shakeable doors?
I prefer [this one.](http://zoomquilt2.madmindworx.com/zoomquilt2.swf)
References to [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/3aiaa7/) perhaps? If that came from something earlier then I don't know.
So THAT's why it's called astroturfing! That's brilliant!
Looks to me like the person holding the camera jumped a bit after the seal. I like it for the comedic effect.
That review is incredible
What's up with her face? She looks like a shop mannequin.
But seriously, how can you be sure of that?
Guernsey resident here to address any enquires.
Oh... maybe I should watch this movie
Can't people just identify the accents of the voice actors? Or are they all over the place.
How can you be sure that it's more frequent?
You don't watch much anime
Thanks for the new copypasta
You've clearly never used an Apple product
Shame about the /s
I like it for longer songs
Why ruin everything with a /s
No such thing
The weirdest thing I got from that article is that there's a town called Truth or Consequences.
I'll sort out a Kickstarter
He did
What do you call Coke?
What do other people use?
Don't let Chris Hansen hear you say that.
Lad
That we have five senses is billed as a little known fact?
I remember that... Rose went off on someone for calling it the Union Jack
When did the term emoji start getting used?
Excellent, thanks
It was both!
I know, but they are saying that the wrong "fact" itself is little known. I think if I asked a bunch of people how many senses we have, most would say five.
I don't get how people can use their front page. I feel like I'd be missing everything without using /r/all.
Where's the museum?
This seems like a cool site.
Even worse, it's a tux jacket!
/r/Ooer is something, but I'm not sure a circlejerk is that thing.
What in god's name are you on about
wut
[Or, a camera (sable).](http://i.imgur.com/uhYPhmL.png)
Mm, pretty standard I'd say
Seriously? They're not going to care about nudists, if that's what it was.
To be fair I only definitely remember seeing this in UK hotels, so maybe it's not as widespread as I thought.
If no other hotel on the planet had this, it still wouldn't be superfuckinginterestingholyfuckingshit.
I always remembered this sub as being full of coincidences and other odd little occurrences. It's still full of them, but there seems to be a lot more of discovering man-made phenomena these days.
It's a webm. So perfectly capable of sound
Is she speaking Chinese at the end there?
I'm pretty sure it's not. The sirens aren't being driven around.
I'm not sure the Doppler effect would be observed in that situation.
Agreed. They are also convinced that there's a big bad anti-America circlejerk on reddit, when it simply isn't prevalent (or at least much less prevalent than the pro-US one).
Looks like he hasn't realised that reddit is very pro-dog
I love doing this. Pulling out every drop of snot and just letting it wash away... mmm...
Aww, I'll take you to one if you like!
I mean, you could tell them story anyway
Well no, you'd have to move across the boat to change time zones
How were they "arbitrarily" changing their time zone?
You mean spell cheque
That's getting really old
[Really? Look at this one](https://othmarstrombone.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/rotatoriamagica.jpg)
Who tf would put the day before the month when the year was first? And ISO 8601 is the only system to have this syntax, so once you've you've heard of it, you'll know which is which.
A year at most
I don't get it
Americans are fat
They could be used as a weapon, so they don't get sold in our shops.
Nice username
Can confirm, live in unimportant country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cyx6nWdFas
I have done this
Yes...
Reddit loves a good bit of banter with the Brits
Thank you
Brits haven't been saying that for a long time...
This is every weekend in Britain
No, but it gives everyone a good opportunity to rip on Britain for stuff that happens everywhere
You think that doesn't happen everywhere during a major event?
