And as someone who lives in a pretty healthy home, even the tofu and tempeh part alone makes me cringe--huge misconception that tofu and tempeh are the be-all and end-all for healthy food.
I may be downvoted to hell for this, but there are benefits to eating organic versions of healthy food (read: *not* organic food, period, but organic versions of already established healthy foods). A lot of the pesticides, herbicides and radiation treatment lots of produce get are often considered potential (*small*, but still potential) cancer risks. Plus, with all the controversy around pesticides and the increasing strength of the pests they're intended to ward off, having produce that doesn't use them is a means of attempting to relieve this. But more important than organic produce is organic animal products. With such huge instances of animal rights abuse in factory farms, where "organic" guarantees at least a certain degree of care and good treatment of the animals, one can see why it may have such wide appeal. Plus, it makes you think differently of the food you're eating when the animal it comes from has differences in the growth hormones its given, and the health of the animal before it's killed. Plus, it's just more ethical for the animals. Look, obviously in the best case scenario we'd all be vegetarians, and regardless of the situation the animals are still killed for our food. But hey, if you're going to eat meat, wouldn't you rather the animal have lived a more pleasant life rather than suffer in a factory farm with terrible conditions? So yeah, it's not completely confirmed that organic food is not in any way, shape or form healthier than conventional food. It also goes way beyond health reasons why people would switch to organic. QUICKEDIT: It is not confirmed that organic food is not healthier. It is, however, unconfirmed how big of the difference is and that's what skeptics go on about. EDIT: OK screw it, my definition for organic farming was very much wrong. Still, there are some differences in the same vein. But you have every right to criticize me for what I have specified as the differences.
A good rule is to try to keep the stuff mostly away from your own home. If they have breakfast and dinner at home with no junk, then even if they had a snack with every lunch at school, that's still not a terrible ratio. Also, keep in mind that sugar is addictive. Not just psychologically--studies on rats have shown it to be more addictive than cocaine. So I'd say that while your philosophy behind the balance is good, I think it might still be dangerous in warding their cravings for the stuff. In terms of offering an alternative plan outside of what I've mentioned? Well...I don't know. I'm in college right now, and I'm actually thinking every day on how I'm going to approach that once I'm married with kids.
At least according to the pre-order bonuses listed, the only ones that are exclusive to the pre-order are emotes. The others seem to be early unlocks. So...
Just go read the comments on /r/StarWarsBattlefront, or on YouTube, or pretty much anywhere else on the internet. You'll get happy again.
No, I'm saying /r/starwarsbattlefront is having the RIGHT reaction to it. And so is everywhere else. And did you just say the map looks small? Did you not see the range of spots the X Wings and snowspeeders were covering? The battle at any one time was concentrated in one or two areas but the map itself and the number of spots it had seemed HUGE. And the range of spots to fly in also seemed gigantic. And the battle at any one time often looked more hectic and intense than most battles in Battlefront 2 unless you were playing Coruscant or an XL battle. At any one time, it seemed like there were at least 15 people fighting in a single plot (which leads me to believe there might actually be bots or something).
The dessert map in Battlefield 3 is significantly bigger than Battlefront 2's Hoth though...and Hoth is the biggest map in that game. If Planetside 2 is your point of reference then nothing will match that!
It's complete chaos. There's no sense of tactical placement, just explosions and people dying and something could fall on you at any time and make you cry bullshit. Just like Battlefront should be :).
Yeah, I'm starting to believe that Atlus said, "Hey, let's just make an entirely new game that plays on every bad anime trope ever!" "But we promised them an FE and SMT crossover!" "Hmm...true...I got it! We name the characters those names, and just give them the right hair colors!"
I thought we were talking fruit salad, no idea why. Regardless, that suddenly becomes about 5 seconds of preparation instead (in that you just wash it then eat it!).
Oh God, I'm in the middle of Bravely Default right now (on Chapter 8). Awesome game, awesome story, cool characters, gorgeous art style, beautiful music, smooth and fun combat, etc. But right now I'm damn pissed about two things: 1) Fighting the Black Blades on Chapter 8. Screw the "My Hero" power so freaking much! I can't do shit against these guys! 2) You don't just replay the game's content once. Not twice. Not three times. Not four times. But FIVE times?! You can't be serious!!! I know it works with the story and all, but if it's not leading to a fun gameplay experience then change the story around it!
Oh right, I almost forgot about the fact that there's NG+. Well, maybe I'll go back to it eventually, but I have too large of a backlog to do that right now. I'm just trying to beat this game right now (100%ing it, mind you) so I can get to my other games lol.
I disagree. I think it's far worse. In Battlefront II, I'd always get massively bored when manning the AT-AT and I felt like I wasn't getting much done. With a snowspeeder though, making sure you can carefully and precisely do those tow cable runs without being shot either was always fun and intense. Not being able to do them and just watching a cutscene of it is hugely infuriating and loses a lot of that intensity.
Something I'd recommend is, if you want to start small, find three other guys (or girls, there are mixed versions) and start up a barbershop quartet! With a quartet you learn how to be especially precise with pitch, and how to match tone and resonance with others in harmony to create perfect "lock and ring" (you'll start hearing notes you four aren't even singing). Really freaking good arrangements are easy to come by, with stellar arrangements published by the barbershop harmony society at www.harmonymarketplace.com. They have unpublished ones too, but the arranger's fee is anywhere from $50-100 per arrangemement. Published ones are just around $3.50 each, and no less stellar either. Find a local barbershop chorus too. Pretty much, the songs they may sing are awesome, but what's even cooler is you can get into random quartets at any time with other members and start singing random songs you guys know (and trust me, once you're in a chorus you'll start knowing TONS of songs. I'm only a semester through my experience with barbershop and I know at least like 20 songs memorized, some on multiple voice parts. By October, that number will be up to about 30). Since you'll probably be in college soon too, quarteting can be maintained there, but you can also join a college a cappella group, or even form your own with friends (as others have mentioned, just start small with jamming stuff out and doing duets/trios). College a cappella has been one of the defining features of my college experience. Oh, and since you said you enjoyed Pitch Perfect, trust me when I say this: Pitch Perfect may be great, but it is not even *close* to the best stuff out there. Check this out, for example: Pitch Slapped - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w4XRiUVfY4 Or this: BYU Vocal Point - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVA3iYJ_H5Y Also, in the realm of barbershop, here are three really awesome ones (two of quartets, one of a chorus): Crossroads: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7mGjSZpdpk Vocal Spectrum: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAeMOHlaVl4 Ambassadors of Harmony: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmDGntpZC3I Here's a tip: don't stop listening to a cappella. One form or another.
You know, I'm gonna fight against this notion. He's playing WAY more interestingly than I've ever seen him before. Like, still a bit campy, but way less so than I've usually seen him.
Yeah, I was thinking that. You're exactly right, Smash 4's needs to be more ambitious. That being said, Smash 4 can benefit from the way in which MK8 handles all of its other features. Regional matchmaking included. That one is HUGE, and should be there in Smash 4 (where they arguably need it more).
&gt;perfect laser swordmanship Okay that's just not true. He had his ass handed to him every single time he picked that thing up.
I had only heard parts of it in the past but recently decided to watch the scene as it originally was, completely with that song. While I dislike most SE changes (except Ian McDiarmid in V, and giving Cloud City more scale, etc.), this is one I definitely appreciated. It just gave more closure to the entire trilogy because it's generally a more heartfelt, but at the same time epic ending to the trilogy. I think it also fits the rest of the music that appears near the end as well. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiM5zEEI_Jo) it is. Yub Nub feels like the ending to a movie. The SE finale feels like the end to a trilogy.
Disagree. While the combat certainly was improved in every way in ALttP, the exploration and satisfaction when finding something new is amazing. I only played that game for the first time a couple years ago, and it's my third favorite Zelda in the franchise (second is A Link Between Worlds, first is Link's Awakening).
&gt;Metroid games focus heavily on exploration so they're usually a bit vague, but the lack of a map and incredibly similar-looking environments made Metroid 2 completely unplayable for me. With Metroid 1 I could find my way through without a map because each room at least had different colors or different challenges that were mostly clearly distinguishable from each other. I knew that map super well by the time I was done with it and didn't really even use a map except for finding the varia suit. But Metroid 2...everything just looks the same, and some patterns are so similar to each other and some of the paths to where you have to go next are a chore to find. Stopped about a third of the way through it. Metroid 1 and Super Metroid felt infinitely better to me.
What's hilarious though is that even with those lock-ins, it was *still* super irritating. It just goes to show how much better organized Metroid 1 and Super Metroid were--even when not locked in, you could still find your way around. (And you could go large stretches of time without looking at the map in Super Metroid.)
Like I said, I was perfectly fine with having hardly any use outside of the extra combat boost. On Hero Mode, they helped *so* much. For the Treacherous Tower they were an even bigger help. And if they make the experience more satisfying with cool effects and lots of power, then I wouldn't call that pointless. Also, it's worth noting that getting all the Maiamais gave you the upgraded spin attack. Which was also pretty sweet.
I just watched Episode II a few nights ago. Believe me, the pacing was not *nearly* as good as VII's. Several scenes were either far too drawn out or didn't even need to be there. Dooku's introduction and involvement in the plot was super rushed. There was at least an hour's worth of romance scenes that I wish I didn't see. I could go on.
Also, if anything, he was one of my favorites in this film. No one beats Kylo Ren in my mind, but Finn was a close runner up. There was no new character that I disliked (except those we didn't get anything of yet like Phasma). The cast was so good that Rey, who I also really enjoyed, was my least favorite new character behind Kylo, Finn, Poe and BB-8.
My brother and I were watching it the other day. That's not even the worst part about that moment--the creepy touching and caressing that comes along with it is. Our thought process while watching: "Okay, so that line was pretty bad, but it was *that* ba--oh come on, Anakin, what the hell are you doing with your hands?! Stop that! That's so weird!"
You're welcome.
Don't thank us yet! We're not done until someone replies to me and we finish the episode (and on the topic, I'd assert it's one of the best episodes of television ever)!
Not to tell you how to live your life, but I'd be cautious about that mindset. One of the secrets to an extremely happy and long lasting marriage is to never stop trying to woo your spouse. This can be in many different forms, obviously, but the important thing is to not treat the actual wedding like the endgame where it can stagnate past that. Idk, just putting it out there. Feel free to disagree with me. One of the nice things about marriage I guess as well is that you don't always have to remain at the top of your game. But you should still try for it once in a while, right? Though if you keep a good haircut and don't grow facial hair, that's already a chunk of the battle.
You don't have to convince me. I'm a CompSci student in a School of Engineering.
Band Geeks is probably one of the greatest episodes of TV I've ever watched as well.
Exactly. I'll admit, I'm not married (still in college), but my parents have taught me a ton about healthy marriage just by how they treat it. I this respect, the sentence you used really does apply. Both my mom and dad still go to the gym at least 2-3 times a week (my mom goes like 5 times a week), still try to surprise each other with new clothing (whether on themselves or for each other), have a date night at least once every week or two. Even when my parents are lounging around in the house and don't have their hair or clothing super well done, they're still showered and not looking bad or disgusting by any means.
Oh, POOP, you never let us down!
"People talk loud when they want to act smart, right?" "**CORRECT!!!**" "Keep going! You're good! You're good! You're good!" Also, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3zk98y/what_are_some_simple_things_you_can_do_to_make/cymxwuf) is happening right now. EDIT: "But the door is locked. And the only way out is through the...*perfume department*."
As others have been saying, they're generally considered good movies (if not great, if not fantastic, depending on who you ask). The problem is, they're not really Star Trek movies by nature. Star Trek is hardly about the big action moments, or the sci-fi environment. It's about human nature, and it's speculative fiction, just told in a sci-fi universe. J.J.'s Star Trek movies felt like large-scale space opera adventures. Which is more of what Star Wars is like. And that doesn't make the films bad. It just means they're not as much Star Trek films.
Okay everybody...let's get this over with. One. Two. Three...Four...
Most people I know who saw it as their first Star Wars film really enjoyed it... Also, the best parts of the movie (characters, and the interactions they have, and the themes around them) are the new ones. Which bodes well for future installments.
I mean, there is online multiplayer. And local multiplayer. And playing against bots. EDIT: There was a wording misinterpretation on my part.
I mean, you're singling out only some of his lines. Han also had his blend of simpler and more clever comedy (Example: "It's not my fault! ...it's not my fault" and when he charges into a bunch of Stormtroopers, then turns the corner, screams, and runs the other way). It's part of the reason he was so enjoyable. Finn had some pretty funny and clever dialogue. ("Why are you helping me?" "...because it's the right thing to do." "...you need a pilot." "I need a pilot"). Also, singling out "hell no!" and "that's one hell of a pilot!" doesn't really apply as they're not supposed to be comedy. At this point, I consider either 5 or 7 to be the funniest Star Wars movie (most people do at this point, it seems). One of the best things about Episode 5's comedy is that it was a means of showing that they weren't taking the story *too* seriously all the time. Examples include Han Solo's "I know." and Luke's "I am ready. Ben, I can be a Jedi. Ben, tell him I'm read--" and then he bumps his head on the short ceiling. Lines like Poe's "...so who talks first, you talk first? I talk first?" were perfect for this.
Oh. Okay that makes much more sense.
Marvel movies also have the impediment of an already written canon. A canon that the movies seem required to follow at least a little. But the new Star Wars movies are intended to rewrite canon so that shouldn't be an issue. In an interview with Lawrence Kasdan, J.J. Abrams described their decision to make Episode 7 derivative of ANH deliberately so that they could "move backwards in order to move forwards". What that means is, Episode 7 was supposed to be a successful retread in the safe zone after the prequels turned off many fans, so that Episodes 8 and 9 have really solid ground to do really interesting and new stuff. That was the goal, at least. And since the groundworks of the whole trilogy were laid out ahead of time I imagine they succeeded. I hope so, at least.
That's totally subjective. Most people I know really liked that scene. The dialogue didn't feel forced at all and managed to explain the entire situation between them without just plain saying, "So, in case you didn't know: this is what happened." Obviously, we got the exposition out of it, but it never felt like they were over-explaining or forcing it. It felt like they hadn't seen each other in a while and were reminiscing.
I rewatched it yesterday and on Thanksgiving. Not only has the movie barely aged, but the pacing is absolutely impeccable.
I'm quite surprised you didn't forget about *all* the films you've forgotten.
It's not that the Star Wars title is excusing it for me. It's that I really didn't mind those moments. I didn't find them to be noticeable flaws. Except the Rathtar scene. That's the one scene that disconcerted me. The Star Wars name doesn't excuse these flaws to me. It certainly didn't excuse me rewatch of Episode 2 a few nights ago, I'll tell you that much. That movie had an entire hour's worth of content I wish wasn't there. Though I'll admit that I may also be subtly influenced by public opinion.
I disagree on those points. To each his own, but here's my take: - 1st spoiler: [](#s "First of all, while the Republic is barely introduced, I thought it a really deep touch for them to actually show the faces of people on the planet before it blows up. It's something the destruction of Alderaan could've benefited from--whether or not they're introduced before, watching the faces of billions as they are about to be wiped out hits me hard. I attribute the rest of the rush into action as, 'We just saw them blow up the Republic! They're going to blow us up now too! We need to act as soon as possible now that we know this weapon exists and it's being charged on us!") - 2nd spoiler: [](#s "Starkiller Base is introduced about a third into the movie, if not a third. It destroys the Hosnian system approximately halfway through. The final third is dedicated to its destruction. I've seen it twice--it definitely didn't fire further than a bit over halfway through. As for it having not as much weight, it wasn't really given much priority either. You know it's going to get destroyed, so instead they use it as a backdrop for the more intense, not before seen sequence of events that happens on the surface.") - 3rd spoiler: [](#s "Oh I loved the back and forth context switch. It reminded me of Return of the Jedi, and the Lord of the Rings Trilogy. You have the scene at hand, and then an update on the background plot. Back and forth. It's been done before, and it's often considered a very strong way of pacing two interweaving plots at once.") &gt;next to Carrie Fisher's acting and some of the dialogue. Oh I thought she was fantastic! She didn't do that much, but she was given the justice she deserved. She was Leia 30 years later, just as she should've been and she didn't steal the spotlight from the new main characters. &gt;I just wish the movie would not feel the need so much... I agree, but after the prequels, the studio probably felt this was the safest route to ensure success, and the start of a new trilogy that can take to new heights on much more stable ground. That's what J.J. has alluded to in his interviews, that they wanted to take a step backwards before moving forwards, which they now aim to do in 8 and 9.
I thought it was an awesome movie in many ways, and definitely deserved better than that score. That being said, one thing that really confuses me about the movie is how it's presented as if it was a true story (the biographically stated events and such) but in fact was not a true story. Also, Denzel surviving attacks that would've (and did) kill others in a few seconds/minutes. But those are relatively minor compared to the film's praises.
Interesting. I didn't actually look into that far, but I didn't have to. I only had to refute his point in a field I did actually know about! But this helps too!
Within the first half hour of T3, the movie rejects many of the best themes and features that made T1 and T2 so damn good.
I guess that's not why he's here.
An end to the Jedi, and to the Sith (since Vader was going to die as well). Huh.
Yeah couldn't find the right way to do it on this sub.
Health.
Hype isn't the only thing that settles with movies like this--**anti-hype comes around right afterwards** and settles soon after. We a huge hype train, and then in the weeks soon after there was a huge hate train. This is something that you need to understand--**it goes both ways**. For me, I saw it opening night. I absolutely loved it. I then saw it three days later with my family. Still absolutely loved it. Most friends of mine saw it around that same opening week. We all still love it. Some of my friends didn't like it as much--that's fine. When the hate train started rolling around on the internet, I admit I started to doubt my opinions on the movie. But then I rewatched episodes 4 and 5 with a friend (his first time seeing them), and rewatching them, I noticed that while people claim TFA is derivative, the feel, and many of its features on a much deeper level, are far different, but they still feel very much like Star Wars. Looking back at TFA, I was even more fond of it. After seeing some **people on the internet claim, "the prequels were better than this! At least they were original!"**, I had to go back and watch Episode II (since I do own it) with my brother out of curiosity. We said before watching, "Maybe the prequels are not actually that bad. Maybe the originals just set a high standard." We were wrong. **And holy shit are those people overreacting**. TFA probably should've been another 2 or 3 minutes longer to get some more exposition, but I vastly preferred that to EpII, which had at least a solid hour's worth of content I just wished I hadn't seen. **Better to keep me wanting more than wanting enormously less.** **Over a month afterwards, and I still love TFA.** Now that the hate train has mostly rolled by and has settled, I'm even more sure of how much I love the movie. Most of my friends who saw it when it opened loved it. Most of my friends who have just seen it recently loved it. It certainly has flaws, and I want Episodes 8 and 9 to be more divergent (which J.J. claims was the intended effect--that Ep7 would reground and 8 and 9 would take things further), but what I'm most impressed by is that **it was all of the new elements of the film that I loved most** (the new characters, the fact that Kylo wasn't Vader 2.0, humanizing Stormtroopers, making Stormtroopers actually capable fighters, the overall main new plot, the new lightsaber choreography, and the general quality of the filmmaking). So yeah. I'll claim that The Force Awakens was really that good. I can't rank it against Episodes 4, 5 and 6 yet because the new trilogy is not complete yet and both trilogies rely on their neighboring movies, but I can easily say that I enjoyed it far more than any of the prequels. That is a point I can make even without having seen the rest of this trilogy. Also, here's an awesome Chris Stuckmann video that really says it better than I can. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbaliPyihCY. It brings up an excellent parallel situation in the Indiana Jones franchise.
Not only that, but rewatching Episodes I and II, they have just as many nostalgic callbacks, and many come off as super forced and just to be there. TFA was *definitely* not the movie to start doing this.
The pseudo-Empire is not nearly in the same position of power that the Empire was. They're closer in line with power to the Separatists. The resistance is in line with the rebellion, but there's also the republic dynamic added. We also have no idea of Rey. Kylo's internal struggle is far different than Vader's, and we arrive to it at a far different time as well. And do we know that his change of heart will save the day? You're making assumptions about movies you haven't seen just because 5 and 6 did it. That's exactly the opposite of what's being claimed by J.J. (who, well, wrote and directed this movie and is on the board for the next two).
Fair enough. I agree with that, actually.
&gt;42% of those movies all have the same climax. 57%, actually. The Trade Federation base in Episode I definitely counts. &gt;But JJ won't be directing 7 or 8 so how invested was he in telling the story. George Lucas didn't write or direct Episode V but it's still part of the story he designed. Same with Episode VI, where he didn't direct it but had a slight hand in writing it. Much like the OT and the PT, a very basic outline of the story was probably established well ahead of time. You can tell, based on many of the mysteries that have been established to be answered in this movie (as well as in IV). My assumption is that this base outline was designed by at least Michael Arndt and J.J., since J.J. is still executive producer for the next two movies, and Arndt wrote the original script before it was rewritten by J.J. and Kasdan. Rian Johnson was almost definitely filled in on the basic outline, and interviews have actually reported that Rian Johnson was involved in making changes here and there to the rest of the trilogy, so he's also involved in the story. So J.J. may not be writing or directing it, but he's still in the seat where it seems he had huge involvement in the design of the full trilogy story, with Johnson, Kasdan, and Arndt also heavily involved. And he's still executive producer.
&gt;The fact that the new villain in VII is Han's son How? Was Vader the son of anyone important? What makes that a rehash? Keeping to the Skywalker bloodline is not something of a rehash--it's keeping it consistent because the Star Wars movies are intended to be about the Skywalker bloodline.
Rhyming and circular nature is something very common with Star Wars. The name might be a bit funny because of that, but it's consistent with Star Wars. At least it's not a literal Death Star III.
&gt;The best pilot still got shot by the star destroyer. Because missiles. With no way to dodge them. &gt;the main evil jedi almost got beat by the sanitation guy He didn't almost beat him. He got his ass handed to him. &gt;oh I have Luke Skywalkers lightsaber and I just keep it in a shoe box in the basement Not a shoebox. And she obviously monitors it quite closely. And it seemed to be locked away and opened only for Rey. Maz seems to know who Rey is--she looked like she was leading her there. &gt; the most sought after droid anywhere but lets take him to the pub ...because they're trying to find someone to send the droid away! &gt;How about one of the few force capable beings in the universe just happens to be on the same planet as the MF and in the same area on that planet and when the empire attacks she just happens to be in the same area as falcon and she happens to run that way and oh despite it being in the middle of the desert they left the ****** door open. Chance encounters are common in Star Wars, and a huge part of the wonder of the story. Hey, how did 3PO and R2 manage to somehow land within a few miles of the exact spot where the son of Anakin Skywalker was being hidden from him on Tatooine?
If she *is* Luke's daughter, they won't make it the big reveal. They'll make it a side reveal. Just as they did with Kylo Ren with his reveal.
&gt;More like recycling. Which, as indicated by the 2nd and 3rd Indiana Jones films, is not always a bad thing. People consider The Last Crusade to be the best Indie film, but it's virtually a carbon copy of Raiders. You're right. Hitting all the marks doesn't make it great. What makes it great is the content. And the new stuff. Stormtroopers being capable. And being humanized. An awesome new cast. A new villain that really offers something new. Excellent filmmaking (lighting, sets, directing, cinematography, pacing, editing, action sequences, dialogue sequences, writing, etc.). And retaining the Star Wars feel through and through. That's why people love it. Not once have I seen someone say, "I loved the movie because it felt like A New Hope." I do, however, hear people saying, "I loved the movie because the new cast was awesome, and because it was just a well made film all the way through."
&gt;The Prequels had a very similar cinematic feel to the OT, more so than TFA May more so than TFA, but definitely not close to OT. After rewatching the OT twice in the past 2-3 months, and rewatching Episode II recently as well, the cinematography is *completely* different. And while some of the ships looked "Star Wars-y" some designs definitely stuck out as not fitting the same feel.
&gt;that the Jedi had abandoned the ideals they professed to follow. But something that has been shown throughout much of Star Wars EU lore is that this is often a huge flaw of the Jedi Order. They claim to be keepers of the peace, guardians, yet will often sit by as the galaxy burns. In fact, they'll often do nothing, not even nonviolent actions to profess peace. Only when Sith get involved do they get off their asses. She may claim that the Jedi have gone against their ideals, but many would claim that the Jedi Order's tendency to remain borderline apathetic also violates their ideals.
It's better than the TCW first season, but not *much* better. It's getting me aggravated how often the show seems to use the content of TCW and of the OT as a crutch for content of sorts. This wouldn't be a problem if it was well executed, but it's not often well executed. Also, a big flaw with the show that's often ridiculously grating: the Imperials are absolutely useless. They'll fire repeatedly from ten feet away and still miss their targets--their targets usually not even bothering to take cover. Then, when the Rebels charge them, they'll suddenly stop firing. A Rebel will say, "there's no way we can take off when the ship is locked down like that" and then they'll take off, breaking the lock which was supposed to be unbreakable. In the most recent episodes, two walkers fired upon small-medium sized ships, and it barely even scratched the ships. When the ships fired back, they did humongous damage to the walkers. That's just not how walkers work (remember Episode V when they'd go completely unfazed to even the most powerful attacks to their bodies?). And it should be a minor flaw, but because of how absurdly facepalmy it gets, there's just no tension. You know that Imperial vehicle that was professed to be unstoppable will go down easy. And you know that even a legion of troopers will never land any of their 30 shots they take from 10 feet away.
The conclusion to the third act is one of the few moments in cinema that have made me cry. So beautiful and the message it sends is incredibly uplifting.
It seems to less speak about his madness, and more of his hyperactive imagination. The antics in those strips, without seeing Hobbes talk, remind me of my childhood with my own dolls that I made into imaginary friends. Obviously, the antics I had weren't nearly as ridiculous, but that's why I credit Calvin's particularly strong imagination.
It's actually not that faithful to the comic either. In the comics the characters are very different, and I don't think the robot was a repurposed medical care assistant, for example. Doesn't even seem like there was any brother involved, either. I was very much not a fan of the movie, and my first way of trying to justify the movie was say, "Maybe it's trying to be faithful", and I look it up and the comic is VERY different.
You're not getting downvoted for an unpopular opinion. You're getting downvoted because your comment is strange and tries to villainize those who liked the movie. Most people I know who absolutely loved the movie are not big Star Wars fans. They just thought it was a really awesome movie as it was. And then most of my big Star Wars fan friends also really loved it. &gt;Personally, I enjoyed Deadpool more the the last SW movie. Why is this at all relevant?
Well, not everyone is saying that about him. In my experience, it's been a half and half experience. Half of people hate him and think he's pathetic, and half think he's brilliant and easily one of the best characters we've seen from Star Wars. And for the most part, I've seen the people in the latter camp have a similar experience to me. I think it's a matter of if they *got* that moment. I think SNLs characterization of Kylo Ren is indication that this was very much intended as well.
It didn't help that the writing for the movie and show at the time was terrible for the most part. Ahsoka came off as bratty for the most part. The nickname "Skyguy" was just grating on the ears. She had infinite plot armor no matter how foolishly she acted. There were no consequences for her actions when they were bad. She faced off against enemies that, with her experience, should've ripped her apart. And she'd hold her ground well. (She held off Grevious singlehandedly with hardly any experience at one point--this was a guy who once took on three Jedi Masters and a couple padawans at once, and destroyed them).
James Bond works. Starlord in the Guardians of the Galaxy movie doesn't really fail at anything and is the only one to hold the power of the stone at the end. Captain America too. All three are generally considered great characters.
&gt;think there's a negative connotation to tweeting "Donald Trump thinks women deserve equal pay for equal work," The rest of your post is very valid, but I just wanted to address this and play devil's advocate: When Donald Trump says “You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job," he's not saying women deserve equal pay and that he will fight for it. He's saying, "Well, if you women want equal pay so badly, maybe you should just do a better job at it," implying there's not also inherent sexism in the system (of which there is definitely huge evidence) and that women simply don't do the job as well. There *is* a negative connotation to it.
I'm not going to debate that either--I'm debating that Trump's tweet very much can have a negative connotation to it, when you're making it an absurd notion for it to have one.
I hate this movie with a passion, but the killing Zod scene I thought could've been absolutely brilliant...I was ready to forgive the movie of so many of its sins. "Wow, this is amazing. Now, Clark can sit on the weight of his actions, and perhaps he can learn to define his own moral code from this point on, now that he knows what it feels like to go too far. It's a great way to transition into the Superman we know!" And then the next scene blew up any possible payoff it could've had with some campy airfield scene that seemed to completely forget the previous scene happened. None of the rich character development that could've been utilized happened. And then I went back to hating the movie.
The only thing I don't like about it is the main villain (as someone who never knew about the Mandarin before the film, I didn't mind the twist--it was the other guy I didn't like). The rest I thought was damn awesome!
For me, it's either Bebop or Avatar: The Last Airbender as my favorite TV show ever.
I absolutely adore Bebop--it's one of my favorite shows ever, next to Avatar The Last Airbender--but I wasn't the biggest fan of Champloo. The music and animation were as top notch as Bebop's, but thought the characters and story were not nearly as compelling or interesting as Bebop's. Great show overall...but I certainly had problems with it.
Let's kick the beat! For myself, it just gets too hard to choose. So I have different categories. For comedy, I have to go with Cowboy Funk. For really capturing the essence of what the show is about in a single episode, I'll go with Speak Like A Child. For a guilty pleasure episode for how stupid yet so brilliant it is, I go with Toys in the Attic. For cinematography and editing, Pierrot Le Fou for sure. For music and compelling side story, Jupiter Jazz. For being one of the greatest endings to a TV show ever, along with just telling an amazing story and tying the whole show together near-flawlessly, The Real Folk Blues.
OK, 3. 2. 1. Let's jam!
The final scene in Cowboy Bebop.
&gt;others fall flat There's only one episode in the entire 26 that most would consider to fall flat, and that's Boogie Woogie Feng Shui. Just about all the others are very enjoyable and add to the characters and atmosphere. They range in quality, yes, but that's because they range from masterful to just great.
Haha I'll give you that--I agree. My mindset is still, "How can they make a Batman and Superman movie so disliked that it doesn't even gross a billion? Both of those names are each more recognizable that almost the entirety of the Avengers, and the latter made almost double what it did!" And throw Deadpool in there too because that was rated R and made almost as much with a fifth of the budget! Back to Force Awakens, it had an amazing marketing team which gave it a fantastic opening, but its staying power throughout the weeks was also insane (so many people rewatching it in theaters too...I saw it three times, and I've even heard two people mention they saw it *twelve* times).
Oh come on, no it's not. That's like an old 50s cartoon gimmick where the girls giggle and hold it in when a handsome guy passes by. Not only is it unrealistic, but in this situation given the context of the scene and the rest of what's going on, that line made no sense.
They're very consistent with themselves too. My biggest gripe with this scene is that it happens right after the killing Zod scene, a moment that was absolutely brilliant and could've led to some amazingly human development that could've led to the Superman we know and love. And then they wasted the opportunity. Sucks, really.
I agree that the whole movie really felt devoid of it. That being said, maybe that's a human sentiment (it definitely is), but the smirk and line just didn't feel like it at all.
Cowboy Bebop. Gintama is my second favorite though.
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker Now don't get me wrong--the presentation in the game is top notch, and story, characters, writing, art style...all brilliant. But I played the game after finishing A Link to the Past, and A Link Between Worlds twice. These are two of the fastest, most well-paced Zelda games ever. To jump into a game with a 30 minute tutorial, minutes-long sessions of doing absolutely nothing, many enemy encounters whose optimal strategies involve nonstop rolling and poking, "meh" boss fights, and dungeons that feel like they still take extremely long times even when you're breezing through how easy they are...I just couldn't handle it. So yeah, outstanding presentation and atmosphere...but the gameplay kinda killed it for me.
Finn has many more moments of badassery and heroics than comic relief in the movie. Equating him to just comic relief is like equating Han Solo to just comic relief.
That's one video that doesn't speak for all moviegoers. Reviews were very mixed. And most people I know who remembered seeing Ep1 on release really didn't like it, even back then. They've told me the reaction to it, both in release and over the next while, has been significantly different from that of TFA. Also, the climate of hype was completely different. Blind hype was much easier there because of how good the originals were. Cautious hype was more common here because of how bad the prequels were.
I've seen reviewers claiming they've never been fans of Star Wars but loved VII. I have several friends who watched Star Wars for the first time only recently and loved 7 (actually, all my friends who were newbies to it loved it). One even said 7 was her easy favorite (more than Empire or ANH).
See, this is why I can't take you seriously. That's not at all how either of those scenes played out. EDIT: OK, I see I'm being downvoted, so let me elaborate. - What makes Spock beating up Khan laughable? It was the end result of a chase and other fighting. - One of the cool elements of Spock's arc is the constant battle between his human and vulcan side. And the negatives of both sides. When Spock is about to kill him, its both his human rage and Vulcan logic influencing him. No real downsides, honestly--this isn't Batman where there is an inner conflict about being an executioner. When the revelation comes along that Khan can be used to heal spock, its his human sense of connection and sentimentality that wins over the human rage for a moment so that he can revive his friend. The Vulcan logic part also disappears, but here we're beckoning for the human rage to not overtake him. Before that, there is no reason why Khan should live there. - Rey beat Kylo who just destroyed Finn, was wounded in the side by a bowcaster that previously was flinging stormtroopers 20 feet, and was ordered to not kill Rey. And who didn't expect Rey's ability--similar instances have happened in Star Wars before. - Rey has no reason to have an internal conflict about killing at this point. There is no point in the series where she is exposed to a "no killing" mantra. Why would she need that internal conflict? Also, **JJ didn't write Star Trek Into Darkness. Or most of TFA.**
&gt;It's the most 6/10 movie I've ever seen. This is something I can't quite understand. Even if you weren't the biggest fan, the main complaint was that it was derivative. But its other individual elements are far beyond 6/10 for the most part. Editing, cinematography, writing, pacing, characters and their arcs, and general direction with Star Wars feel were all pretty much aced. Besides, the things that it did the most right (Stardestroyer graveyard battle, the new lightsaber duels, interrogation scene, Kylo Ren, and the character chemistry) were the ones that weren't copy pasted.
Same. I saw the movie three times in theaters. The third time was months afterwards, after the hate train started rolling in. I also began to be curious about my own opinions. And I rewatched it. And my opinion still had not changed about how much I loved it.
TFA's blend of CGI and practical effects was near flawless with the exception of the Rathtar scene IMO.
See my reply [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/4qe10j/will_smith_on_why_you_cant_get_away_with_making/d4si3pw).
&gt;I guess if you break a movie down into a features list like that... My intention wasn't to break down the movie into parts and prove that's why it's good. It was to present the argument that it is not "the most 6/10 movie". I agree that the purpose of the movie is to tell the story, but I think that TFA did this exceptionally well, and these factors certainly helped in that.
&gt;As soon as Po cracked a joke in the first scene after that old dude died and the camp was destroyed a tons of people were killed I knew that it was just gonna be "The Avengers: Space Edition". If you think this way then you don't quite get Star Wars--the originals did this kind of stuff all the time. It was one of the things that made Empire, for example, so good. The movies never took themselves *far* too seriously, and any point they were going to, they broke the tension. "I know" is the perfect example of this. &gt;in the other films it was made perfectly clear that it is hard work to become that good and there are a few others. In the other films we're given a farm boy with no exposure to any high tech, the Force, weapons, etc. We're also given a little child with only some tech savviness. In this movie we're given an older scavenger who's fought and scavenged and worked with tech all her life. It's a different intro point. Being able to do a mind trick and Force pull aren't "crazy good". I'm not going to argue everything you wrote right now because I've argued them elsewhere and I'm tired of it right now because it's consuming too much time.
The airport scene.
But doesn't the entire movie deal with the baggage of the last several Marvel movies? And in the first scene too. That baggage becomes the focal point of the rest of the movie. That's why he's saying to watch Civil War.
Lord and Miller are directing it too?! I absolutely adored what they did for The Lego Movie. And yeah, the fact that this is not only a Kasdan project, but a project he's really wanted to do for a while, gives me so much optimism. Empire Strikes Back was the best written of the first six Star Wars, and TFA definitely shows that he's still got it (I'd rank its writing as second only to Empire).
Very true. But at the same time, I expected Superman to realize he crossed a line there. Knowing the line, he could develop, deal with it, and move on. But he just skipped straight to the move on part after three minutes in the film. I don't need him to be a dark character. He shouldn't be. He should be a man of uncompromising ideals, giving people hope through everything he does. That's what should come from the moment where he crossed a line--he realizes that is a line he never wants to cross again. But that kind of thing didn't happen. And it's a shame, because it's a very natural way for something like that to happen.
There are several defenses for Avengers: - Avengers' tone is generally lighter. It may have serious moments, but its tone is far more consistent throughout. Man of Steel didn't know what it wanted to be. It had super stark contrast of tone in alternating scenes in ways that was super jarring and didn't seem to make sense. Serious moments that should've been reaped more were just dumped. Avengers provided a much more smooth experience with this. - The Avengers put much more effort into avoiding destroying buildings, saving civilians, and pushing conflict away from those who couldn't defend themselves. Superman pulls Zod into several different buildings and launches him through them. - Superman is way more controllable than the Hulk, and yet the Hulk was able to hold off on collateral damage much more easily than Superman. Or, at least, he showed that he cared about it. - Avengers doesn't dump its chance to linger on this. Man of Steel seems to show it happen, and then dump it. But Avengers 2 and Civil War do actually focus on the collateral damage, and then roll with them and their effects and repercussions throughout the rest of the films. They present the ideas, *and* roll with them.
Oh God...
&gt;And that would have also arguably assuaged the the criticism of that final fight for a lot of people, as you've been saying. Well...despite that moment, all the fight scenes in Man of Steel still were not very well done. CGI-wise, fantastic, but pacing-wise, most were just back and forth punching with zero progression to the fight until what seemed to be a coin toss at the very last second. Compare that to fight scenes in movies like Avengers, Winter Soldier, Civil War, Deadpool...those are far more dynamic and show progression.
Pre-divergence, FMA is far better than FMA:B. Afterwards, I think FMA:B is much better paced and goes in a stronger, cleaner direction.
Yeah, but even some of the design decisions were just so much worse. One thing that angered me about FMA:B is that the same stock music was used way too much, oftentimes in situations where they didn't belong. For example, at the big plot twist where Ed and Al discover that philosopher stones are made from people, in the original FMA, there is no music. Just dead silence. And it works super well. In FMA:B, for the same moment, they use stock music, and it kinda ruins it.
Why do you need caps? Why do you need to talk illegibly? And even as one of Marvel's better know heroes, Cap is still far less of a household and mainstream name than Batman or Superman. Also, Iron Man 3 made about 400 mil more than Batman V Superman. And one good scene does not make a whole movie. The difference between that Cap scene and that BvS scene is that the rest of Winter Soldier measures up to it in quality. BvS does not.
It's probably the script's fault. It was just so downright cheesy a lot of the time that it takes you out of the "grittier" tone.
It's a bit of a gray area. On one hand, you're right that there's less horror elements. On the other, Sarah's borderline insanity gets really difficult to watch, there's a bit more gore, the characters get deeper, and the depictions of the apocalypse and Armageddon get pretty chilling.
Arnie opens up his arm and parts of his skin in T2 too. There's also focus on the inventor guy as he's bleeding out and shivering in pain.
So why does that make them less prone to having low-precision blasters? Hell, if anything, that makes them more prone to it. Also, ships are typically cargo vessels in Star Wars. Why use giant, incredibly slow walkers instead?
Not quite. Some of the main ones he quoted were the exact top comments I was seeing on the video. Hell, there wasn't a top comment on the last video that *wasn't* addressed in this response video.
I mean, I *loved* TFA. I liked Rogue One. I just wish people weren't so quick to ignore or defend the major problems in films, especially in Rogue One, so that we can't push for the next movies to be even better. Despite my issues with Rogue One though, even it made me satisfied with the idea that we're getting a new Star Wars movie a year.
Wait, you didn't like the saber fight? Most people I know consider it one of the best in the franchise. It's use of environment, an actual sense of tug of war, music, atmosphere (the way the sabers glowed off each others' faces in particular), and the weightiness of it felt ridiculously visceral.
It has the effect of a Zac Snyder movie (but not nearly to the same extent) where it tries to be gritty but the script gets to cheesy that it creates tonal inconsistency.
Fair enough, but that's also hardly my problem with them. My problem with them is dilution of the menace in the Empire scene.
I'm honestly surprised about the response to my comment in a lot of ways. It's very hard for Star Wars in general to cross the line of cheesiness because it generally is a bit cheesier. But Rogue One had a ridiculous amount of moments where it just popped into my mind, "Wow. That was so damn cheesy."
The Incredibles. No capes!
It seems to be a bit more divisive than Rogue One, particularly because the critics are far more mixed about it as well. Just to name a few examples, you have Jeremy Jahns, Chris Stuckmann and RLM who all loved TFA (Awesometacular, A+, and general positive response, respectively), and the former two named it their favorite movie of 2015. Then with Rogue One, Jeremy still loved it but it was his number 6 or something of 2016, Chris Stuckmann (B, I think?), and RLM (general "meh"). Metascore is also 81 for TFA versus 65 for Rogue One. But despite that, generally most people really like both. Including critics--that's why TFA has a 94% and Rogue One has an 85% on RT. It's really hard to not at least *like* the movies. &gt;EU cry babies who can't accept that the EU is not canon Oh, don't even get me started. I saw one person say, "Why couldn't they just make TFA about the Yuzzhan Vong war?! That would've been so much better!" Meanwhile, the Yuzzhan Vong war is one of the most panned pieces of the old EU...
And that's why they weren't just for troop transport--they were simultaneously that and siege weapons, and ridiculously well armored.
- I haven't really heard anyone mention that as a cheesy moment. It was also well-delivered. - That's a line that's been in every Star Wars movie--it's just part of it. Also, Han said the word "bad" really short. - Pretty sure Han didn't say that. In fact, he actually just stayed silent. Maz shouted out "*Han Solo!*" - The 2 gangs scene is something that could've been super cheesy if it had poor delivery. But the delivery was strong so it didn't stick out. - Odd couple? I mean, she yells at him for grabbing her hand twice out of nowhere, especially when she's been a loner for, like, ever, but that's it. - I mean, Finn could also be exuberant and youthful...when you live a life of conditioning, its a lot of repressed exuberance that could be released. I find it funny how people say him not being completely bland is unrealistic when in real life, it's often the ones who have been cooped up with a super repressive religion all their lives (or something of the sorts) who end up going completely crazy or out there when given an ounce of freedom. - Maybe...I mean, it's an old droid that holds a lot of memories and value (both actual and sentimental) to those in the Resistance, and they wanted to keep it safe while on low power mode. Part of it is the fact that much of this stuff was well executed and delivered. The reason why Rogue One came across as far cheesier is because not only was quite a bit of its dialogue worse, but the delivery got super shoddy at times. Most of the time, not the actor's fault, but probably as a result of bad direction. James Earl Jones and the "choke" line is a great example of this.
Interesting. In my experience it's near universal consensus that E7's writing is significantly stronger than Rogue One. But to each his own.
A few things: 1) Humor is not the same thing as cheese. You seem to be mixing the two. Cheese in movies is actually more like failed melodrama in nature. Or things like puns for comedy. And the exploitation of cheese can be used for clever humor. I'll actually use one of your examples to demonstrate my point: &gt;Poe Dameron: Wait, why are you helping me? &gt;Finn: ...because it's the right thing to do. If the scene had left off over here, that would have been ridiculously cheesy. That's like the silliest Hollywood trope ever where someone does something good because of some arbitrary sense of what's "right" and "wrong" without any exposure to it. &gt;[small pause] &gt;Poe: ...you need a pilot. &gt;Finn:...I need a pilot. This actually diverted potential cheese into clever humor, by subverting a typical trope used, and turning it on its head. Suddenly, Finn isn't just some guy who somehow is asserting these arbitrary morals that he doesn't know--he's a desperate opportunist. 2) Different properties have different thresholds of cheese, and different pieces of dialogue have different levels of it. For example, none of these lines, whether humorous or not, would fit at all in a movie like The Shining. But in a Star Wars film, they fit perfectly fine. The reason why I still got disrupted by Rogue One's cheesiness is because it got so cheesy it actually crossed even Star Wars' line. Which I honestly wasn't sure was so possible. 3) Delivery is also key. Every single one of the lines you cited could've been too cheesy and stupid in the wrong actor's hands, or with bad direction. But each of those moments you cited were delivered extremely well, with tone to match. So it worked, and never took me out of the film. But with Rogue One, half of the time there was a cheesy line it was delivered *extremely* poorly, or given bad direction to the inflection was off. Or, just didn't belong tone-wise. It also hurts the movie because it was supposed to be a grittier title, and yet it was even cheesier than TFA, so there was some stark and distracting tonal inconsistency. It reminded me, to a lesser extent of my comparison of The Avengers and Suicide Squad (though to a far lesser extent): the former was able to stay pretty light and still not cross its line of cheesiness, while the latter tried to be far grittier and yet was far cheesier.
So this is actually my favorite joke of all time, but may I suggest an augmentation of it? It makes the last line hit even harder, while also foreshadowing it: So one time there was this kid named Tim. Tim wanted to really wanted to go to the school prom with a girl named Janet. So one day, at school, he walked up to Janet and asked if she wanted to go. She said yes! But Tim had spent so much time waiting that he now had to get a tux, rent a limousine, and buy flowers all at the last minute. So first he went to rent a tux. And sure enough, since this was last minute, there was this *huge* line at the tux rental shop. But Tim was determined to make this work so he waited on the huge tux line for two hours and got his tux. Then he went to rent a limousine, and sure enough, at the rental agency there was a huge line there too! This one about an hour long wait. But once more, Tim strengthened his resolve, and waited on the long limousine line. Finally, he had to buy flowers, and what do you know? There was a huge flower line outside of the flower shop as well! Tim was getting really tired at this point, but he really liked Janet, so he waited on the long flower line, another hour and a half, and got his flowers. On the day of prom, he pulls him in a pristine limo, wearing a gorgeous tux and holding beautiful flowers. Tim and Janet go to prom. They're dancing and having a wonderful time. Tim asks, "How are you feeling, Janet?" "Oh, I'm doing wonderfully!" she replies. "But I'm a bit thirsty. Is it possible you can go get me some punch?" "Sure thing! One moment!" So he goes over to the punch table, and sure enough, there is no punch line.
The Battle Of Hoth is still known to this day as one of the most epic battles in cinema history. And most lists of best Star Wars moments online will have it in the top 5. It's also trope-defying and points to one of the ways Empire was groundbreaking for its time (having the big battle at the *beginning* of the film, rather than as the climax). The Battle Of Coruscant makes me think "Oh that's really cool and flashy!" The Battle of Hoth gives me *chills* every time I watch it.
&gt;When Man of Steel came out people complained it was too dark and grounded. I hated Man of Steel, but not at all for that reason. On the contrary--it seemed like Snyder couldn't decide if he wanted bright or dark, and there was often huge tonal inconsistency between the scenes and cinematography, and the script. Perhaps the most aggravating moment for me that I've ever seen in theaters was the killing Zod sequence. *Not that I hated that he killed him--I actually love that scene*, think it was absolutely brilliant, and it was a grounded, powerful way they could establish Superman's moral compass. Sort of as a line drawn where not to cross, after feeling what it's like to cross it once. But then the next scene is super campy, completely disregards what just happened, has one of the cringiest lines I've ever seen in a film, and the movie almost forgets that Zod died from that point on. In a span of 5 minutes, I want from being mildly annoyed by the movie as a whole, to being ready to forgive the movie of most of its bad elements, to hating the movie.
Fair enough.
Just going to [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/5lwe1j/just_got_finished_watching_episode_iii_again/dbzz4zp/) right here me venting on how damn good the Battle of Hoth is...
Oh *that* one. I was referring to another but that one is really good too.
I agree completely. Mass Effect 2's combat and gameplay were ridiculously smoother than Mass Effect 1, *and* thanks to the addition of really cool unique class powers and combinations, each class felt far more distinct. It made me replay Mass Effect 2 far more, without even having it start at Mass Effect 1. Mass Effect 3's combat and gameplay were strong (despite my many other problems with that game), but something that greatly inhibited replayability for me was that as any class, I could use any weapon. It diluted the specialization and class differences and made even in multiplayer a lot of the classes feel the same. This seems to be taking that one step further and I'm really skeptical about it.
&gt;Mass Effect has never been about combat Mass Effect 2 is still one of my favorite games of all time, and one of the big reasons for that is the entirety of the Vanguard class. Mass Effect can both be strong at worldbuilding and RPG elements, *and* combat.
See, if you thought of him as emo Vader, you completely misunderstood the point of his character.
Wait, hang on: &gt;seduced by the dark side ...so is every Dark Side user? &gt;kills family Vader didn't do that. &gt;similar power set What do you mean by this? Outside of standard telekinesis and sensing abilities, Vader's signature was remotely choking people. Kylo Ren's is his unique saber, stopping blaster bolts in midair, freezing *people*, and using the Force to probe their minds. He also never remotely chokes. So...completely different power set, actually. Regardless, his whole shtick is that he is set up in the first half of the movie as kind of a Vader 0.9. Like, he's pretty menacing, and shows off some ridiculous power and ability, but he's also less restrained, less disciplined, his voice isn't as menacing as James Earl Jones, his walk not as composed or proper as Prowse's. His helmet and costume are awesome (yeah going to disagree with you there), but still not as much as Vader's. The whole turning point (and pretty much everybody I know who thinks Kylo Ren is ridiculously good as a character found this to be the exact same spot where they fell in love with him) is the interrogation scene, where he takes off the helmet. You're expecting to see some sort of big facial scar or disfigurement or something...any sort of reason to have that helmet. And then there's nothing--and it's frustrating ("What?! Why the hell is he wearing that thing then anyway?!")...until it hits you. And as the scene goes on, layers are added to his character. You realize this whole vibe of his throughout the first half of the movie was the whole point. The insecurities, vulnerabilities and instability become more evident. And suddenly he is something completely different than Vader. And deliberately leaves more questions than answers, and makes us want to learn more about him. And despite these vulnerabilities becoming evident, he's still dangerous. He incapacitates Finn without even trying. Kills Han. And almost beats Rey (and actually, at several points was one intentional strike away from killing her) when he 1) underestimated her, 2) was severely injured, 3) had the emotional burden of just killing his father, 4) was instructed not to kill her. Yeah, the emotionally unstable power part is reminiscent of prequels Anakin, but it's also far better written and acted. The difference between Kylo and Ronin from Guardians of the Galaxy, for example (or even Krennic from Rogue One), is that I would definitely not be sad if we never saw them in the MCU and Star Wars canon, respectively, again. On the other hand, Kylo is a character who's made two years feel like an eternity because I'm desperate to learn more about him.
What you're saying is definitely sound. I still like specializations far more for the added replay factor though. By not blending it all together, it makes me actively embrace my own specialization to the fullest nature and explore it to the deepest level, as well as just making every play through feel different.
&gt;in fact, he just straight up isn't In ANH he is just as much as Rey was in TFA. The most impressive feat he ever accomplished with the Force is still that trench run hit. He also learned to be a better shot with a blaster than a Stormtrooper, having never used one before, in less than a day. His whininess doesn't even stick out much without Empire giving context. There is only one point in the whole ANH in which he fails at something is when he was knocked out by a Tusken Raider very early on.
&gt;Not before getting chased to the edge of a cliff by Kylo Ren. And the only reason she wins is because she remembers to close her eyes and let the force take over. Kylo was also injured. *And* he wasn't aiming to kill her. If he wanted to he could've done so right then and there.
No, it's not. There was no weak point. There was a giant building that was heavily armored enough to avoid any bombardment. The heroes went inside to try to blow it up, only were able to set up half the charges. Didn't do enough damage, but did enough to open up a hole. The hole is where Poe went in and finished the job.
I mean, that goes without saying that it's the closest to ANH. I do think it doesn't give enough credit to TFA when George's quote is mentioned, however. The reason being that while TFA followed the frame of another movie to bring some actual game-changing new stuff like the new characters, it didn't *rely* on the old. That's why when people mention the best moment from TFA, it's most often *not* Han's death, even though that moment is extremely powerful. It's usually the new stuff they'll mention. For me it's everything about Kylo Ren. But the way George shoehorns old references and characters and callbacks into the prequels, it felt like although he added some new stuff, he was insecure about it all the way through. And hoped the old would prop it up. TFA is retro in a lot of ways, but it doesn't *rely* on the old. Or even try to rely on it.
Yes...inside the room that wasn't even open until a lot of careful detonator placement was used.
Suicide Mission is one of the best final missions in any game, ever.
There are too many shots like this throughout the movie for them to all be coincidental.
The issue is the movie spent a *ridiculous* amount of time trying to establish characters and then spend a lot of time on them. But not only were they inconsistent, and not only did half of them barely even interact at all with the other half at all (despite being within 10 feet of one another through at least half the film), but they also chose to over-dramatize each and every one of their deaths. This was so much the case that the dissonance between the dramatization and how layered any of these characters made the deaths feel forced. So this excuse that "it isn't about the characters" does not hold water, because movie clearly wanted to make it about the characters. Also, the argument about its purpose being to add context also doesn't hold water because not only was it marketed as a standalone film, but a film that adds context could do so while simultaneously establishing its own good characters. Or have good writing. And good pacing.
&gt;Much like TFA, the movie is jumping around so much that you can tell entire character storylines were eliminated to save time. Definitely not comparable. TFA spent its focus on at most two planets/locations at a time. Characters are consistent, interact with each other, have great chemistry, and learn a lot about them by their actions rather than being told about what happens to them. Rogue One, at a point, jumps between 5 locations in a span of 10 minutes, introduces three or four new ones in a span of 5 minutes, and for most of them, hardly gives us a chance to latch onto any. Character behaviors are also sometimes inconsistent and half of them never even interact with the other half for most of the film, despite being less than 10 feet in proximity away from each other.
I saw that movie several months ago and I *still* don't know what I thought about it. Like, I don't think, "I really liked that!" or "I really hated that!" I think, "That...happened. Huh."
And I would heavily disagree with you. But to each their own.
First off, he's more arrogant halfway through the movie. 20 years later he should be wiser...more capable. He was actually more capable at getting things done when he was younger. And even if he was actually a bit more capable later but less arrogant and thus his failure showed far more and he didn't succeed once later in the movie, that's a structural issue. It means the main villain is not threatening. He's also just plain less interesting as a character the more the movie goes on. There's like no hook to him for the entire second half of the film.
I mean, he's right. Even if Rogue One added, if it was never made there wouldn't be a gap needing to be filled for decades.
I mentioned this on a similar thread, but Warner Brothers had at least three opportunities themselves to easily make a billion on a film. Batman V Superman, Suicide Squad and Fantastic Beasts all had fantastic marketing and incredible first weekends, but then lost all momentum when they were bad, terrible and alright, respectively.
Exactly. The face (EDIT: fact) that a movie with both Batman *and* Superman in the title didn't make more than The Avengers is one thing (who, altogether, are not even as well known as perhaps even Batman). The fact that it didn't land a billion is just plain sad.
Very true. But then again, that's why I am acknowledging my lack of first-hand experience with "I can't judge". It's more of a clarifying statement saying, "This is what seems to be the response to these films by critics and audiences."
Interesting. What are these posts about Newt, if I may ask?
&gt;And Kiki's Delivery Service in front of Howl's Moving Castle? I once took a class where we watched every Miyazaki movie in order or release over the course of the semester (this was before The Wind Rises was available). While I wasn't the biggest fan of Kiki, Howl's Moving Castle was definitely the second to least best movie of those films (worst being Ponyo, the only one I just didn't enjoy).
&gt;I guess episode 9 will have starkiller base ii built into a bigger planet, but it will be incomplete... or so it would seem. What a twist! &gt;Oh,and Kylo ren is Rey's father and finn and rey are brother and sister. I mean hey, you listing it out gives optimism that it'll be nearly impossible for them to possibly retread these things.
&gt;It's not a good movie. It's a fun movie, but not a good movie. I mean, despite being derivative of ANH, it was still well written with strong characters and tight pacing and gorgeous cinematography and ridiculously strong blend of practical and special effects with the exception of one scene.
Rogue One is critically and audience-wise significantly worse received than TFA. A more original plot line doesn't save it from falling into poor character design, terrible pacing, shoddy writing, and overdone Hollywood tropes.
Also [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKNDml12Big).
Interesting. I have a couple of friends who thought it was spectacular, but most people I know share the consensus, "I liked it quite a bit, but it also had some *major* problems."
That's not saying much.
First off, I'm going to respond to your points, but you should know that I already won the argument if that's your response. Your original argument was (paraphrased), "Literally the only reason people like TFA is because of the callbacks." You even specified "not figuratively." I pointed out you're flat out wrong on that, that that's not AT ALL the reason. Now you're changing the argument to "I thought the movie was bad." &gt;The new characters were stupid, Rey was way overpowered, even anakin had a fuckton of training before actually fighting, and she manages to mind-control and do jedi stuff just out of thin air, while Kylo Ren whose training was "almost complete", the stupid emo who can stop lazers in mid-air, was beat by some random trash collector girl. Never in the movie do they say Kylo Ren's training is "almost complete". You literally pulled that out of thin air. Not only does Rey fail on several occasions and some of the big plot points are based on these points of failure, but they heavily imply we don't know all about her. Not to mention quite a bit was triggered by her visions and getting probed herself and retaliating. Lastly, Kylo Ren was heavily injured, and had just killed his father, and underestimated her, and was aiming to not kill. &gt;The writing was far from strong, Luke Skywalker decided to hide but for whatever reason he or "someone" decided to hide pieces of a map that led to him (what?), and the First Order was supposed to be the underdog but they had a death-star-like facility bigger and more powerful than the original Death Star that was build when the Empire was on it's apogee (oh c'mon!), and the new republic did absolutely nothing... These are made extremely obvious...Luke gave the piece of the map to his friend, to use to help find Luke when he's next needed. That's the whole purpose of him being there to give it to Poe in the beginning. He also only hid one piece...And gave it to the friend. Death Star 1 took 20 years to build. 2 took two years to build. SKB was not only started about 30 years before TFA, but was done in the Empire's time. No one knew about the weapon--it was secret. That's why they didn't do anything. &gt;The pacing was really terrible, the sense of progression of the history was really bad, I don't know how to describe it with more words but it simply was. Can't really be argued unless you give reasons. I know for a fact that I have only personally met like 3 or 4 people who had seen it but hadn't seen it only once, because the pacing and progression kept interesting and made it rewatchable throughout.
You take my first point out of context without the rest. Also, do you really think the critics would actively search for things they didn't like and claim they liked it? No, there isn't a single person I know personally that liked it because "it's Star Warz!" They liked it for those same reasons. Your assumptions that they are lying and won't admit it holds zero ground in comparison. They are critics after all--they're supposed to give their honest opinion about the film. And Yoda says Luke needs to complete his training in V--and he's an amateur. Your point? Saying he needs to complete his training doesn't mean anything here, except that it is incomplete. Rey let out the Rathtars, almost crashed the Falcon, almost died on Jakku had Finn not found her before the troopers, cowered out when approached about a Falcon job, cowered out when approached about learning to be a Jedi, got captured, knocked out, and pushed to the brink of death (and would've died if Kylo was actually trying to kill her). Kylo was not trying to kill her because Snoke instructed him not to. Kylo was certainly limping! He's limping in half the fight! It also explicitly shows him bleeding, and beating his wound. You say it like these things need to be more obvious but I noticed these on my first watch. Han says that they theorize that Luke was looking for the first Jedi Temple--that was the isolated island. He gave the location away secretly to one person, as a last resort in case he's needed. &gt;That was never specified in the movie, and before you say it, no, books and games and whatever else doesn't matter when looking at the movie's own merits alone, otherwise the prequel trilogy is also much better than it is alone. But it doesn't exclude the idea either. I think specifying how long it took would be potentially needless exposition. ANH didn't specify how or when the Death Star was built either.
&gt;What I implyed is that some critics might just have liked it "because star wars" but needed something more substantial to praise the movie, Or maybe they would've criticized those aspects if they didn't like it. I mean, Rogue One had those criticisms thrown at it by critics--it was Star Wars, but it was not immune. &gt;Luke didn't beat the shit out of darth vader in Episode V, he even lost his hand, remember? Vader is a Sith Lord. Kylo Ren is not. As for Rey, generally in Star Wars EU certain Force users have had their abilities awakened by interactions with visions, holocrons or mind probes. Rey had two of those. And even with that, Kylo Ren spent most of the fight beating her. &gt;she, who never piloted the falcon, knew not only how to pilot it but also how to fix its problem while Han Solo himself, who used the ship for decades, couldn't figure it out. She had flown before--she mentions it on two separate occasions. She never flew the Falcon before, which is why she almost crashed it. She was also a scavenger her whole life--her job was literally tearing apart pieces of ships, reverse engineering them and repairing them so they could be traded. &gt;It does because Starkiller was never mentioned before anywhere else, ever. There's a thirty year passage between 6 and 7. &gt;The first Order is not a powerful Empire. It's the remnant of that powerful Empire. With lots of time on their hands.
There are quite a few major problems I had with this film. Special effects was certainly not one of them.
Oh God. He was just trying to steer away the conversation to a save space again. Golf club, how could that possibly have an alternative meaning? Then he says the line, and he's thinking, "Wait, God dammit."
&gt;I wouldn't say prevalent but there are a few people who don't enjoy the characters as much The two main critiques in almost every review of this film that voices a critique (so, most of them really) are that the characters are nothing special, and that the pacing in the first half of the film is terrible. On the first reaction threads for the film, that was almost everyone's beef with it. Even amongst those who liked the movie (including myself). &gt;as they are just victims of the genre, it's a war movie after all It's no excuse. Saving Private Ryan gave both meaningful characters *and* a strong ensemble dynamic. Fury gave downright *hate-able* characters, but a strong ensemble dynamic. Rogue One's had neither. And especially when it seemed to spend so much time focusing on them, this is particularly worsened. It's also exacerbated by the fact that half the cast doesn't even interact with the other half for most of the film, despite standing within 10 feet of each other on a ship for almost half the film. Because of that, the fact that the film decided to also over-dramatize almost every character's death made those moments feel forced and fake. I shouldn't shrug when the main cast dies...but I did, for everyone besides K2 and maybe Chirrut or Bodhi.
IV is almost definitely the most polarizing generation. My brother kinda dislikes a lot of it. I might play Platinum eventually though. I did play HeartGold though. Gold is one of my favorite games ever and HG was also fantastic. I wish Gen IV's slowness didn't rub off on it though.
They literally say it in the film.
Somehow, the movie spent 20 minutes giving explicit exposition about all of its main characters, and I still felt like I knew absolute jack about who they actually were (like, personality-wise. Or why I should care about them). Meanwhile, the introduction scene to Black Widow in Avengers is 2-3 minutes long, hardly saying a word about her. Instead they choose more to show instead of tell, and I feel more interested in her as a character than I did with any of Suicide Squad's for the entire duration of the film.
Hell no. The Prequels had mixed critical and audience reception from the start. This Episode VII hate train has been around from the beginning and if anything has died down quite a bit. Also, it has some ridiculous legs up above the prequels. Better characters, pacing, dialogue, action sequences, blend of practical and special effects.
I can get *paid* for how much I love TFA?! Why wasn't I informed of this?!
82 Metascore from critics is definitely high. 8.2 on IMDB is most definitely high (still in the all time top 250, actually), and that one has a ridiculously higher sample size than Metacritic. EDIT: The sample size is almost 100x larger on IMDB than on Metacritic! User Metacritic scores are very inconsistent. Especially when games like Fallout 4 have an average 6.0 rating between consoles, or Black Ops 3 in the 4.0s.
Hang on a second, it's not even close to that exaggeratedly negative for Rogue One. Yeah TFA leads it in both fields, but Rogue One still has net pretty strong critical reception, even when polarizing. And while a 65 Metascore is nothing too special, it's by no means bad. And this is coming from someone who liked TFA significantly more than Rogue One.
...Is what you said a joke? For almost everyone that liked the film, the first thing they'll answer when they're asked what they liked is the characters. While Rogue One is an example of the fact that just because you know backstories doesn't make them interesting, TFA is an example of the exact opposite--making interesting characters comes first, and it'll make you interested in learning more later. And most will agree they gave the old characters a ton of justice.
Cut the IR sensors and the motion controls and they'd be able to sell it for 250 at a slight loss. Or also cut those, upgrade the graphics chip, and sell at around 320 or so for a slight loss. But selling a console at a loss is what both Microsoft and Sony do to keep their profit margins.
Short range bluetooth. The IR sensor is for pointing at the TV (using that IR sensor you place right below or above the TV), but not for connecting to the Wii.
There are tons of other ways they could've accomplished that. No need for super high precision IR. Or super high precision rumble. Or gyros on both Jycons. Or just allow the use of Wiimotes.
Yeah I was going to say, rewatching Empire Strikes Back recently it honestly felt like it had hardly aged a bit. The Battle of Hoth is *still* gorgeous. Yoda is still immersive as a character. The lightsaber battle is still the best in the series.
Wait, yes it is. It is *literally* at cost to me because both the console and extra controllers now cost extra as a result. Calling it just a PC emulator without those features is also BS because: 1) It still has Nintendo IPs, 2) It still is a portable that becomes a home console seamlessly, and 3) it still has super easy and accessibly split screen.
No, I *have* negativity towards Nintendo over some of these extremely questionable decisions.
11 year old hardware is an incredibly low standard, if this turns out to be an X1 in power. And it's especially exacerbated by the amount of useless adds on to a genuinely good idea that jack up the price, plus selling the console for profit rather than at a loss. Plus not packing in 1 2 Switch.
Once again, incomparable. - I have other games on my backlog. Wouldn't want to feel rushed to start and finish said game *that* month. Would rather have it, ready to play when I want as long as I have subscription. - The games are still far older than the newer games the other consoles are getting for free.
In addition to what others are saying, Sony also detailed the PS4's specs after E3 so we knew the power people were getting into. And both Microsoft and Sony, at E3 2016, has devs endorsing their new next generation games for the consoles. Edit: E3 2013, I mean.
Remember three things, guys: - SD cards are getting increasingly cheaper. You can get a good 128 GB one for 40 bucks, and the Switch allows for up to 2 TB one. - SD cards are ridiculously faster than HDDs for random access speeds. - You don't have to install physical games, like you do on PS4 and XB1.
They're slower for sequential access. Long load times is generally the result of slow random access, and SD cards are certainly not slow there. Also, not sure what you mean about your point on heavy usage. I've been using SD cards for games for a while, and they haven't really fallen short or stopped working for me.
Yes. But 1) It bumps up the cost of the whole package. Just because the Wii U came with a controller doesn't mean that controller wasn't a big portion of the cost. 2) It means that extra controllers cost more.
I mean, that's the reason why, despite the movie's overall cast being terribly flat, Donnie Yen's character was still one of my favorites. He didn't develop in the slightest, but he was incredibly fun to watch regardless.
And yet that type of news never came out of Rogue One's during the production process. Yeah, they're the ones making the movie. But it still says a lot comparatively.
/r/movies hated Skyfall?! That movie was so good though!
No they haven't. At this point in the PS4 and XB1 lifecycles they are but at release they always sell at a loss.
*Ahem* Wii U.
Exactly. Also, 3DS only started selling well once it was sold at a loss.
It seems more like adding those things added to the cost though.
&gt;That's not true. It's so it's significantly more powerful than a WIiU docked and still more powerful on handheld mode. I hope that's true, but when it too is lagging hard at points in Zelda, and we're unsure if we're getting Skyrim or Skyrim Remastered on the system, those things worry me. &gt;The WIiU outperformed the 360 in all important metrics. No it didn't. It's graphics card was slightly better but it's processor was significantly behind.
Lower price means higher demand. Make profits on games and accessories.
Actually, I have. Accelerometers are super cheap now, Luke maybe 40 cents each if in mass production. Gyroscope is more like 1 or 2 bucks. Regular IR sensors are like 20 cents. Super high precision ones though? Especially since they're newer, probably 1 or 2 bucks. Regular rumble probably around 20 cents. HD rumble which requires ridiculously higher precision? More like 1 or 2 bucks. Now, what happens when a controller has all of these things, *twice*? It adds up.
Well that explains how Big Hero 6 beat How To Train Your Dragon 2 and Lego Movie wasn't even nominated... To not watch the films you're voting on is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of.
I didn't think the movie was amazing--liked it but didn't love it--but even I understood why there was hype. Star Wars, Darth Vader, and Death Star.
There are plenty of people who didn't like the movie, didn't like Jyn or most of the cast, but loved TFA and loved Rey. Sexism has almost nothing to do with it.
If this was true the film would've focused more on the war and not an hour and a half on just the characters, while they *still* turned out bland. And even then, you need to actually care for the characters so you can feel their deaths later on. If I'm watching a war movie and I just shrug at 80% of the deaths, then it is not a good war movie.
Why are you so heavily downvoted? I liked the movie and even I can admit that was the case. There were such ridiculous problems in pacing, characterization, dialogue/writing and music that it really blemishes a ton of the experience. The last scene is amazing, but it's also pretty telling when the best scene in the film is the Darth Vader fanservice scene.
