Context shapes text. Again, comparable scene in The Crying Game, technically far better set up, is playing the same scenario. This is actually a scene that I think is fairly well known in cis culture, the trans reveal. In light of how that's "supposed" to go, I think Boy Meets Girl is working very deliberately on the spectacle level.
As a bi trans woman ... this is not the hierarchy of bigotry that I'm used to.
How do you feel about democracy?
Responding just to the latter half if your question: I'm a trans woman and a feminist. I was a feminist pre transition too. The word describes my stance and method when it comes to thinking about and responding to structural sexism, ie patriarchy. I don't think that only women have the right to describe themselves as feminists, for that reason. However, I do sometimes wonder if I'd have been a feminist if I were born a developmentally normal male in e exact same circumstances. I hope not, for hypothetical guy me's sake, but being separated out from the girls and hearing the things young men said when they thought no women could hear, definitely shaped me., Most feminists in my social class and age group don't seem to think twice about a trans woman being a feminist. Once you accept a trans woman as a woman, accepting her as a feminist is pretty trivial.
Aren't we all just doing both as we wait for the end?
I'm a college professor who transitioned at 28. My speaking voice is just fine. Train seriously, humbly, and with good techniques and you should be able to get a voice that sounds cis.
Go to /r/transtimelines and search for MTF in your age.
I realized I'm severely codependent and started taking less shit and being less enabling. I'm way less terrified of disagreeing with my friends or doing things that will displease them when necessary, and I can talk them through rougher shit without that codependent terror that I'm threatened in myself through threats to them, which is toxic.
Clearly squats are my destiny.
&gt; drastic surgery to change how people see you It really doesn't work that way.
They can't change your genital morphology in any big way, but they can change a lot of other things.
I'm not post op, but I am deep into hormonal transition and blend in fine. The stares stopped quite some time ago. For me, transition was and is about the body. I felt really weird and dissociated in an increasingly male body on testosterone, and on estrogen I just feel like the grown woman version of my child self. My body makes way more sense; my moods make more sense; everything makes more sense than it did on testosterone.
It wouldn't have been wildly offensive, just tacky. In general, you need a high degree of friendly familiarity with a group to make jokes that are both sophisticated and funny.
Most binary trans people have very stable identities once we figure it out and sort out transitioning. I've read maybe 1-2 redditors who had different experiences, including one woman who had transitioned FtM, then back MtF 15 years later, and she said that one day she just stopped feeling male, but had genuinely been male before. Brains have done stranger things. It can obviously happen. But it's pretty rare for anyone to transition more than once if they're binary (male or female gender identity). Some non binary people find out by first transitioning binary though, and some binary people claim to be non binary as they work out their identity before accepting that they're binary trans.
Your inability to empathize isn't trans people's problem.
Yeah, that was my reaction, but I kinda wanted to know the poster's angle. Seems like some kind of evo psych-supported trp kind of thing.
Personally, the surprise is problematic for me. (Not that you've done something wrong, just that it's a symptom of a culture that doesn't see trans women as fully equal women.) Beauty culture has its own issues, but it shouldn't be so shocking that some women who are conventionally, beautiful are trans. Especially given how being beautiful is a particularly vital survival trait for many trans women. Looking conventionally attractive helps ensure that people automatically see us as women and treat us accordingly without question, and many of us put in the time and expense to be as gorgeous as we can for exactly that reason. She clearly is going for beauty. It's not wrong to recognize that she's achieved it. But I'm a bit sad that's still a shock to people.
Honestly, I have no idea. Some people managed to figure out I was on hrt as early as three months, but they knew me really well and had tagged me as possibly closeted trans 5 years before.
I thought all estradiols upped that risk and synthetic ones like ethinylestradiol just particularly so. Is this not the case?
August will work. You can usually use your name a month after final judgment, so submit the announcement right after the rather pro forma court date.
When it's used as a noun I always think how weird it is to refer to a person as "a gender".
Eh, if you can ever fully abolish the idea of man and woman that'll probably make life simpler for trans people--"I am a human being on exogenous endocrine treatments who's had genital surgery to confer functions I badly needed" sounds way more boring and way less controversial than "I am transsexual"--but trans people should be the last group that causes concern to those who want to defang oppression based on sex classes, since our existence threatens the category stability itself. If you can't expect the same people to stay assigned to the class you tried to sort them into based on biology, it's awfully hard to maintain a hierarchy of those classes. Hard to see why trans people, whose existence already has done plenty to undermine sex based oppression's core rationale, are expected to do even more (we've done our time mostly and have the scars for defying the foundational principles of society). We've done our part mostly. It's not our job to live outside the binary because it'd set a good precedent for billions of cis people.
Bedroom issues matter a lot--I honestly had no idea how good sex could be until deep into transitioning--but you will spend way more time not having sex than having it. Key question: would you rather have breasts while folding laundry?
Rehearse. "X is a woman I met while skydiving. She is mad cool. She, she, she."
What were you expecting?
Why shame micropenises? :p physical traits beyond their owner's control are a shitty thing to give people a hard time over.
100,000 years of evolution have bestowed upon men bulletproof skin, flawless reflexes, the ability to avoid going into shock, subdermal armor sufficient to withstand a charging rhinoceros, a huge tactical edge in piloting aircraft and drones (anything that involves a joystick, because ... come on), and an innate tactical instinct so deftly honed that it's no accident Ender Wiggin was a man. (He saved us all. We must spare his life even if we somehow do triumph.)
Color me shocked. Did 59% say they'd be fine with it?
That's really startlingly high acceptance, relatively speaking. Wow.
I always loved history, but yes, so much yes, and I can come close to tears thinking of the pain suffered by people like me. It's to the point where ancient Scythia is the bright spot my mind's eye focuses in on.
You don't owe anyone trailblazer status. Frankly, transitioning is already a knife to the heart of sex-class-based oppression, because it's obviously absurd to erect an essentialist hierarchy when you can't even rely on people to stay in their foundational boxes, much less the boxes built atop them. Trans people have paid our dues. :p
I'm toying with the idea of writing a keep-me-busy-between-projects novel or novella in honor of the late Tanith Lee. It'd probably be a 21st century Gatsby adaptation/reworking with carefully controlled elements of the weird, gender dynamics taking front stage, etc. May pm!
I agree, and I think different kinds of deviation from a cis/heterosexual norm force different confrontations with embodiment, language, perception. I was talking to an agender friend (who makes a point of presenting in such a way that no one can tell their birth assignment, which is how they prefer it) about "passing" not as an attribute of an individual ('you totally pass! ") but as a flawed descriptor of a social engagement. Something as supposedly simple as which sex you perceive other humans as belonging to turns out super complex. Last November, I started to find male gas station attendants and other service employees were paying me a lot more attention, being mildly flirty, etc. I can be a bit dense but eventually I started to realize they were seeing me as clearly female no matter what strangeness I saw in the mirror. When I mentioned it to a longtime straight cis male friend who knew me before, he was extremely skeptical. "Maybe they were just being friendly?" Since he's really easy to read, I realized that he actually saw a different me than they did, one tinged with memories of my past body, a sort of perceptual Instagram filter of woman-in-theory-and-intent-but-not-perceptually, whereas they saw me through a different filter because they wanted to see a woman whose incidental attention would be a tiny pleasant moment amid a tedious day. The upshot of the conversation with my agender friend was that trans people tend to be forced to confront issues of the nature of perception because it's so often vital to our having any social agency. I'm not super big on being an incidental pair of breasts and legs to stare at, but I can't control that, only shape what people see within a limited range by sending out clear easily read clues.
What do you do when a person's visible dimorphism is, say, female, but you later learn that they were born with male genitals?
No one can fully know anyone else's experience, but there are probably trans women you have a lot in common with and cis women whose experiences are rather alien to you. For example, I find that there are aspects of my experiences which mean I relate really well to other infertile women who wish they could have children, whether those women are trans or cis, and can't relate as well to mothers who've never had fertility issues, though society is far more full of the narratives of mothers.
I'm really liking sense8. I'll review it more rigorously later. I had a powerful visceral reaction to seeing her, and the girl I'm seeing told me she'd burn a motherfucker down to save me, so perhaps I saw the first few episodes in a really flattering context, but I'm liking it.
That's the one!
As someone who thinks there are neurobiological bases to being trans--possibly many kinds, we have no idea--no, not really. Transition is slow (ohgodsoslow) and if someone's life isn't being improved they'll usually know. If their life is being improved, what's the problem? :p trans is a useful word that helps us describe a range of experiences, but ultimately the only coherent way to approach transition is as a personal choice.
You really should tell us what you're responding to or else *ask us* whether we'd prefer universal or female only prison reform.
I'm sure he did take his brain to work. It must be a nice brain, all shiny and chrome and only gently used.
I discovered a few weeks ago that one of my close friends is also subbed to trollx and raisedbynarcissists. Led to some fascinating conversations and a lot more meme sharing.
US academia. Transphobia is considered declasse.
Luck has nothing to do with it (except the luck of having poor at the time but highly educated parents, which led to academics, which led to scholarships, etc). I first heard anyone anywhere speak out for trans rights in college, and I didn't want to leave the safe ivory cocoon. Knowing trans people were safer in college was actually a huge part of why I felt safer there, though somehow I didn't put two and two together
Cis means not trans. The majority of gay men are cis but not straight. There are structural features to the way that cis men tend to be treated in society. Those can be talked about, including which areas of life are not artificially made harder for white people or cis people or men. I feel entitled to make statements like that because the facts bear them out.
finally. /u/drewiepoodle, thanks for this--and btw, how do you handle reading the sheer volume of material you link? Do you ever feel like nonstop ragetears, maybe stealing a war rig?
Good height to be! Even if sometimes you smash your face on cabinet doors and have to fold into your car.
Do you have some reason to think that her hrt regimen is off in some way? :p
Ain't that the truth.
I hang my head in shame.
Reddit won't implode unless there's another web paradigm shift. If I didn't have the reddit trans community, idk.
Define the threat of violence. Is it when a man glares at me and makes sexual gestures because he's angry? Do I get to be oppressed as a trans woman but not as a white woman, because I do have to be afraid of being hurt or killed for it, but not remotely as much as a black trans woman would? How much harm do I need to fear before I can say I'm oppressed? What if I just want to say that the fear I'm being subjected to is *oppressive*--same standards? Or do I get leeway?
For maybe five minutes on Thursday evenings, to remember what it felt like to walk around with something dangling. How unpleasant. Sorry. No, not anymore.
Agreed. I think it's a good follow-up question for OP too. If those kind of outcomes were unwanted, transition would be a horrible experience.
Serious answer: I think that it will be about a broader right to self-determination that connects trans rights with other rights, because that's probably the easiest way to help society get used to nonbinary people without damaging the gains to binary trans people who strongly identify as male or female and would not appreciate "life without labels" being imposed on them. For a binary trans person like myself, the "second wave" is hardly dead though. From a trans rights perspective, that fight is only over when a trans girl in middle school can steal her best friend's boyfriend and get the reaction "oh my god, you horrible traitor, I thought we were friends, I will destroy you utterly" and not "omg my boyfriend is gay and you're a sick fucked up boy." A society which accepts straight trans women as straight women, gay trans men as gay men--it's not impossibly far away, and I think it's coming fast, but it's not here yet. And of course not everyone agrees on the desirability of that--but as one who massively prefers to be seen as the woman I identify as (humans are social animals and it's absolutely bizarre to pretend that how others see us doesn't generally matter), I obviously have a strong vested interest. That's not to say that we should wait on binary acceptance before taking actions that will help nonbinary trans people. From a societal standpoint, visibly nonbinary trans people are much more at risk of getting the brunt of harassment.
Because sex and gender are so nearly-fused in most cis people's perception and have been since time immemorial, most discrimination against people with female reproductive systems is irretrievably entangled in discrimination against people recognized as women. The dilemma of, say, a trans man who needs access to an ob/gyn and abortion rights, doesn't arise because society wants to make it hard for men to get abortions--it's a side-effect of living in a society which doesn't have mental space for the concept that some men have uteruses. I'm not really sure what you mean by acceptable discrimination. As a trans woman, I'll be very lucky if I ever need a pap smear. (Bless me, sci fi future tech!) I'm not sure where discrimination would come into it though. I also don't think that the patriarchal power structure perceives a distinction, because I don't think it's built on an intellectual foundation that recognizes gender as thing. Frankly, there's little agreement on what gender *is* among trans people or among feminists, only a number of threads. (Personally, I believe gender to be the brain's assumptions or preferences for the sex expression of the rest of the body, a sort of software driver which usually matches the hardware, with rare exceptions that we call trans. But if someone else views gender as social classes built on the basis of reproductive sex, and someone else views gender as a matter of personal style and group affinity, then all three of us are going to need a bigger boat. and a common language. "in the land of Shinar they built a tower and called it Babel.")
Though to be fair, I'm white as a ghost and middle-class. My risk of violence is slightly elevated, but nothing like what I'd be looking at if I were a trans woman of color. I am in sympathy with the resistance, but I live in the Capital District and watch the Hunger Games on television with the rest of the liberal white feminist academics. My most disadvantaged friends are poor white trans women with socially/economically mixed friend groups--reddit's userbase skews somewhat privileged at least in terms of social capital, so even my poorest friends, on foodstamps and public assistance, have well-to-do friends and substantial skillsets. It helps. The support systems I can rely on to keep me from being murdered are less available the less you can access either middle-class income or a powerful support network. Hasn't kept several of my friends from being attacked anyway, but for the trans women I immediately know, the angel of death generally threatens to come in the form of an intentional overdose or a plastic bag over our head, not in the form of an angry man bludgeoning us to death.
I think they were able to live happy lives, but I also think you can live a happy life with a cancer diagnosis or with Alzheimer's, and could have done 100 years ago. Being chronically ill with a severe condition is a huge net life negative, but you can live well in spite of it. You just always live in its shadow. Modern medical transition is just a huge help. And imagining myself trying to live a happy life as a man makes me want to scream and cry. :P
I think there's a genetic component. One of my best friends (mtf) had a grandfather who crossdressed (no way of knowing if it went further than that or would have in a more accepting time) and her mother has all the signs of a repressed trans man and routinely uses her experience to argue that gender issues aren't real, basically "because if I can be normal so can you." If that's just a random incidence, I guess it's like 1 in 20000 odds or something, but obviously it's too small an anecdotal sample to draw anything but ideas from.
Right. It's a choice between tabloid covers and Vanity Fair covers.
No, pretty useful. Not all work in gender studies is going to be useful, but a lot is, and having useful frameworks to order and interpret experiences of gender can be a bit of a life saver sometimes.
It's a good question and would make sense to put in a FAQ. Usually people just start a new post for it, though, with any additional info on that specific situation. Edit to be unsolicitedly helpful: generally kids don't need that much explanation beyond the simple fact that someone was very unhappy as a girl, for example, and took medicine to become a man. (More complicated concepts like presentation and gender identity aren't necessarily as useful to a small child.)
Not everything has to have a clear application to be worth studying in academia. Some of it will be applied later, and some of it is just good to add to the knowledge library of our species to save people time in the future when we want to know. Humanity is a bit like a game of Minecraft where you're always setting up a really cool base for your future world exploration.
Human life has no purpose to begin with, but I'm not espousing the strong version of the position you propose. I think there's plenty of wasted time and effort in the world, but I don't think the research arm of academia is a bad offender there. If you want pure make work made necessary solely because human society has issues, try the financial aid office. :p or try the customer care system for every major enterprise: there are people who spend their lives ameliorating artificial problems generated by other systems designed to ameliorate problems generated by other systems. That's where I'm coming from. At least in academia, you're expanding our knowledge base, usually in a notionally accessible way. But that's because I arbitrarily value knowledge. I'm not alive for a reason or anything beyond historical contingency.
You got me there. I'll take space travel, and hope that the clam gun didn't contain the true secrets to the universe.
A lot of us are armchair sociologists or have read a smattering of theory, but I haven't met many trans redditors who were practicing social scientists in any professional or academic sense. That may however be a reddit demography thing.
You're probably right, then! Side note, totally irrelevant: just now my brain clicked and I was like, oh, the necronomicon!
Cast it into the fire! Vagina please, what I've got going on right now is really not for me.
I'm a trans woman. For me, "identifying as a woman" means my body should be female, so I'm taking corrective steps. This wasn't less true when I still looked male. Any cultural femininity I've picked up, I've picked up for the same reason that any other woman does, mimesis, and it's no less or more legitimate than anyone else's. Don't make this overly complicated. :p
I mean, let's not be disingenuous. Clearly there's such a thing as male and female. Infants can tell them apart before they learn language. Binary trans people who transition (there are sometimes reasons not to, like health problems or family and career issues) modify our bodies toward the sex we identify as. I use "gender identity" as shorthand for "the sex I should be." Estrogen is what makes female people's bodies have female dimorphisms, and vice versa for testosterone. So I looked androgenic and now I look estrogenic. Body works pretty differently now. I pretty much corrected a severe hormonal imbalance, and I feel much better as a result.
If someone calls me a man, I'll call them an asshole. Does that count?
If your hormones are within normal female levels, you're talking about presentation and/or temporary or permanent cosmetics. Male and female bodies are fairly different on average, but not that different, as humans are a weakly dimorphic species, so much of the differences are underscored, emphasized, or created by cultural presentation. If you want a classically feminine body as defined by western mainstream society, well, most of the cosmetic and medical interventions that trans women use were developed for cis women first. Many cis women spend a great deal of time and money feminizing themselves; many cis men spend hours in the gym to achieve a virile muscular manly look. What you're looking for might involve some combination of clothing and makeup , surgery, and exercise/dietary patterns.
Actually, go back and read your ancient Greek historians again. You'll find, for instance, references to Scythian sorceresses who drank pregnant mare urine (high in potent estrogens) to transform from male to female. It takes only a modest attempt to look before your find that trans people have been around far longer than our modern transition technology. This has been something that happens to human beings since as long as we've had human beings. And then if you must identify as a tomato and it helps cure you of painful and debilitating issues, I'll be respectful, and I'll even put you in a pico de galli. But if you're just looking for cute false analogies and tendentious claims built on poor understanding of the facts, then I am afraid you're marinara grade at best.
That happened with one of my old suits, minus the arousal. Just "a man has got into my clothes! Smells kinda good in an alien way. Wait that was me."
My friend is 40 and rocks a leopard print dyed side cut. Everyone thinks she's the bees' knees, if bees were huge badasses.
It's not like he's advertising anything but the look he's known for. As someone who is super down with looking very conventionally attractive, I'm going with him for that reason. If I wanted something else I'd pick someone else.
Impulse castrations = "hey I'm feeling like hacking something off for fun today, but I'll want my balls back next month." And yes, it really helps to have some sex hormones in your body.
That said, surgical castration without any hormone replacement is welcome to menopause anyway. All I'm saying is I think it'd be reasonable to require a test drive of the hormonal state you're looking to have for life, whatever that is.
I started at 28, she started at 22. Our mutual friend started at 19 and has A cups . it's genetic! And when we've all had breasts for ten years, I don't think we'll be very different from a comparable sample of cis women.
It's certainly not for everyone, but I *like* high femme, I like the big eyes/delicate features look, and I think my personality and intellect are unique enough that it doesn't matter if my form is stereotypically flawless--should be all upside except for the expense and heal time. That said, I've seen good work from Spiegel and I do think most of the well known ffs surgeons do good work, I just like Zukowski's aesthetic. It was nice talking to him and realizing that his aesthetic matches mine pretty well. (Is not even like eye-focused face is the only school of conventionally attractive; but it's the school I subscribe to most. All the cliches about soul windows and jeweled pools actually resonate with me, and being able to play in the range between business-casual Barbie and elf queen suits me fine. Kinda scared that the first few weeks will be straight out of Kafka though.
It helps to remember that most people aren't that nice. ;p
This is why privilege, while useful as a term of analysis in feminist critique, isn't so hot for discussing lived experience: almost invariably it means "freedom from imposed bullshit other people get hit with." Which most people with "privileges" will admit even if they don't consider it a privilege.
I think it's unfortunate that gender identity is the term that came into common usage, because of exactly this confusion. 1. My body was born male. I needed it to be female in order for it to make sense to me. We call this gender identity, but I experience it more as sex self-sense. 2. Because of my body at birth, I was told I was supposed to embody the cultural construct of a man. For a while I tried to, but I looked to female people as role models for reasons I can't explain, so I didn't like the male gender roles largely because it meant I was performing other-than-female and underlining something I wasn't comfortable with. When I changed my sex, I also decided to embody the cultural construct of a woman on my own terms, doing what I wish to do and trying to protect my freedom not to do what I don't wish to do. This is "gender," or gender roles. Like everyone else, trans people must navigate them on their own terms, and feminism can help us broaden what we're allowed and how we're permitted to be as humans. And frankly we could do away with all of the expectations of this category without hurting me. 3. What about "sex"? Am I "biologically" male or female? This is an epistemological question as much as biological. I am incapable of either sexual reproductive role; my endocrinology and morphology are estrogenic; while I've never been chromosome typed, I assume my cells contain XY; and insofar as brain structures respond to hormones or are innately dimorphic, while I'm probably closer to female averages than male, I believe those aggregates are built from fairly weak and poorly understood trends; certainly *mentally* I have more in common with people of both sexes who process information in similar ways to me than I do with some abstract average of female human brains. As a matter of common courtesy, especially in a society which legally has no concept of gender and uses sex as an aggregate of both, I prefer to be identified as female unless there's a compelling interest to get more specific (if I'm about to have abdominal surgery for instance) in which case "woman with transsexual body" works.
Post gender society sounds great. I'll still want to be a human being with estrogen and female morphology, and maybe without cultural baggage people won't think that's weird for someone who was born with testes.
&gt; How do feminists reconcile religious texts that treat them as dirty, conniving, second class second class citizens with their own faith? Speaking for myself? Poorly.
They're not DOING anything to the majority of society. They're just existing. Did I behave any differently before I blended, no. I was just being me, but people stared. Then eventually they didn't see anything that startled them, they ran their "this person is a chick" scripts automatically, and nobody stared anymore. *But I didn't do anything to them when I wasn't passing, and I didn't stop doing anything to them when I started passing. It was literally all them.* Society hates us and is alienated from us via irrational prejudice. They need to get over it. It's not our problem, whether we're stunningly gorgeous cis-passing types or rather confusing-looking--we're human beings, generally no more full of ill-will than most, trying to live our lives. Consider this analogy. Is it morally acceptable for people in the gay male community to be like, "I really hate gay men who aren't models of masculinity, they humiliate me because everyone assumes that all gay guys are limp-wristed sissies"? I say no: it's none of their freaking business whether some other gay man looks manly enough not to get stared at, and as soon as society completes the process of realizing that gay men are just men who are gay, full stop, some manly and some not, *the problem goes away*.
For your own peace of mind, I would try to find a way that does not involve her. She's not wrong that you can graduate and pay for your own transition, though have you looked into transition-related coverage and care through your university? That's usually pretty inexpensive until you've graduated and can pull down a larger income.
Awwwwww. :) you look happier.
In that moment, though, it was impossible to hate the mother entirely. It was painful rather than villainous.
You make your own healthy trans community through a selection process. I met all my trans friends here. Our relationships were about 1) keeping each other sane and alive, and 2) the fact that we had enough in common as humans that we spent a fair bit of time (over 50%, increasingly so) talking about more than just trans issues. Cisnormativity, transmisogyny, transphobia--all that's real, yes. But it doesn't work the way that paranoid trans teenagers sometimes assume. It usually isn't a chosen action performed by someone who understands what's going on, it's the social values and assumptions that lead to actions which are individually fairly harmless and yet add up cumulatively to a really rough time for trans people. So if you're looking for supportive trans friends, maybe look for ones who understand that our problems usually stem more from structural ignorance and society being set up for, well, not-us, than from scheming cis malice.
When will you be out at work? I ask because the four months I was presenting everywhere but work (toward the end I was actually just using the old name and pronouns at work but just dressing the same way all the time) were some of the hardest in my transition. That constant switch really messed with my head.
Your body doesn't define you, but it also isn't merely an irrelevant meat robot: it shapes and contains your mental experience. I really don't like the experience of having a penis, I've had one since I was born, I kinda wanted it gone even as a small child, and I'm old enough to make an executive decision to have different genitals when I can afford them.
It could be the smile, but it looks like you're seeing cheek fat start to move around, hence you look like you're getting better cheekbones, which is one of the first visible changes for many trans women. Anyway, congrats and good luck :)
Like my vagina grew shut and my clitoris is weird and floppy and never where I expect it to be, and I can more or less remember what it should be like, but it's not. It's fucking weird.
Realistically, a determined enemy who weighed 97 lbs could kill anyone on the planet. Your odds of being harmed probably haven't actually much increased unless you have active enemies (I know you've said in the past that you work somewhat in the public eye, so YMMV). That said, your threats may not have increased, but the supply of force you can spend to protect yourself has likely reduced. Just going from being stronger than most humans I met to being weaker than most (most men and quite a few women are now stronger than me) shook me up pretty badly, especially as it happened during the period of time I was visibly trans. I didn't think I'd be attacked, but I knew I'd have trouble defending myself. It's an adjustment.
I think there's a degree of "how much of a public figure was their pre-transition self" involved. Janet Mock's deadname isn't mentioned (she was not a WP-notable child or adolescent!); Chaz Bono's and Caitlyn Jenner's probably always will be. And that seems fairly legitimate to me, since people will and do seek information on public figures without expecting to get pre-fame dirt on them that isn't a matter of the public record. Should I ever join the ranks of People I Know With Wikipedia Pages, I'm hoping that my deadname won't come up or be seen as remotely noteworthy. I haven't really done anything worth remembering under it.
I think unfortunately the word "gender" is used in a different sense colloquially by trans people than the sense that would be used in feminist discourse or anthropology. "Sex identity" might be less confusing, but "gender identity" ended up the term we use, which is nice and confusing.
Require female body.
Hard to say. Honestly, it complicates itself. Watching the mother delivering Nomi, you can see why she clings so fiercely to her deadname, and it's a moment of multiple sympathies.
If all your remaining years are academically strong and your test scores are high, you'll just want to make sure your admission essay talks about the academic journey you've taken, everything you've done to become the student you are, etc. It's very common to come back from poor early academic performance. You just want to increasingly prove yourself henceforth. Not all colleges have the same medical plans, but you can usually find out whether any given school covers hrt and other tabs care.
This is a case where the TIL/ELI5 version should be very wary of the emphasis offered. We neither want society at large to get the incorrect impression that our transitions are not medically necessary NOR the incorrect impression that being trans is only legitimate present crippling dysphoria experienced narrowly as suicidal misery.
Reminder appreciated.
I mean I agree that fixing society would pretty much solve our suicide problem, but 1) how can we cope until society is fixed? 2) what incremental steps can we use to cope and also fix society bit by bit?
Yeah, I was also lucky and very alert to the first signs that I was losing my shit, and I did a lot of preemptive reaching out to people who kept me from really devastating my reserves--was very proactive about planning not to kill myself when I didn't particularly want to die--but I've also had a fairly easy transition--divorced but not disowned, supportive friends, supportive colleagues, one of the more supportive legal contexts (NJ in the US, employed indirectly by the state but falling directly under non discrimination legislation)--in short, other people had already blazed the trail and made it fairly safe. And I still don't know if I'd be here absent any of these supportive factors. I'm hoping we can find ways as a community and as individuals to spread best practices for not dying and also reduce or ameliorate the pressures that can put us there.
This is exactly what I was hoping for. It sucks that our community needs to share techniques for not dying, and even the best preparation isn't guaranteed, but I do think we need this kind of advice collected and systematized to make staying alive a bit easier.
I recognize how far we've come and my morale is actually pretty high, and I agree that activism now can pay huge dividends later, but if we can keep more of us alive to see that future, it'll come faster and more of us will be around to enjoy it.
Ah, well, that's different. I think I may have to start asking people though. I didn't realize how important this was to me.
This is crucial. I wonder if formal crisis plans help significantly--I know that they would have helped me as a friend know what sequence of actions to take, and I'd intuit that they'd be useful, but a formal plan takes a lot of cold planning and would pretty much have to be made with multiple friends well in advance of a crisis.
Radioactive wolves. Want to be one. Seems super rad. ... Sorry.
You can be a butch woman or a fem man. You can be a butch trans woman or a fem trans man. It's not really that complicated.
So .... More reply to more of your post later, but ... You can message me and talk. I have no idea if we'll be friends or anything, but you can tell me what's eating you alive, and I will get it.
I'm not happy with any of the best known visualisations, but it really isn't that complicated imo. I was born male, transitioned to female, and am a woman. My body has its weirdnesses and irregularities, but that's par for the course: all humans are literally one-off models, unique and idiosyncratic. There are trans men too, and there are people to whom those categories don't apply very well.
Define success stories. I have a decent job (I adjunct at state universities in a mid-atlantic state with fairly high pay rates), I'm legally protected, I blend well enough that I've never had any problems this year, I've started multiple important relationships (one is tender and mutually supportive, one flashy and terrifyingly unstable but full of moments like jewels), I'm going to have FFS in probably December (I count nothing as definite until the date's booked) and SRS in the next couple of years whenever I can afford that, and my biggest problem with my body now is flabby arms, which ... disgust me but don't cause me the slightest dysphoria. It's kind of amazing being unhappy with some aspect of my body without feeling like it's someone else's body I've been stuck in. I also deal with depression, anxiety, and rage. A lot of my friends come close to suicide fairly regularly. (We haven't lost anyone since October, but it's about time to drive up and collect some friends for blanket-fort-and-cuddles so I can keep them from being alone during a rough time.) But transitioning has improved my life almost unimaginably and changed it nearly beyond recognition. I like being me. I love myself more than I hate myself. I could grow old with myself and not want to rage quit life. edit: omg! thank you for the gold, kind stranger, whomever you be!
It's just intensely ameliorated. You're still going to feel superlatively shitty sometimes. Cis people certainly often do.
I don't think suicide tends to work that way. I'm not a danger to myself, but it's not because of willpower or attachment to life--it's just blind luck. I haven't drained certain reserves of mental energy. I can keep walking forward like this indefinitely. In case of most foreseeable shocks, I can plan for them, sustain them, and rebuild myself. But if I had transitioned just a few years later, my reserves would have been far less full, and smaller shocks would have been far more likely to deplete me enough that I just couldn't keep doing this. My friend C transitioned twice. The first time, at nineteen, she struggled financially, she was very visibly trans, and she took public transportation to work every day--and she never thought of suicide and was mentally quite steady. But due to family pressures and falling in love, she detransitioned and got married, and a decade later retransitioned after divorce. Her anxiety was crippling and she had constant suicidal ideation. She didn't want to want to die; she wanted to want to live. She just couldn't sustain it. She also didn't think her life meant nothing to others, and having several friends she could talk to extended her life somewhat. She was very sweet and encouraging, and quite the opposite of too proud. She *thought of* herself as a quitter, but she had sacrificed everything she had left to transition, and she stuck it out as long as she could. *If that were enough to keep her alive, she'd still be alive*. I agree with your message that we're not alone. I just think that "not alone" looks like a lot of late night phone calls and impromptu mid-range road trips and close calls and building habits of outreach. And even then, sometimes it's not going to be enough. I'm sorry.
... Okay. Tell me more about how I don't get laid, hate sex, hate independence, hate free will, hate men, hate women, and generally slaughter puppies because I despise their free spirits. :) I probably won't respond in much detail. This isn't /r/sex and I'm sure I don't want to go into huge detail about my love life here. But I'm definitely interested in learning about all the things about me that I clearly don't know about. I was under the illusion that I expect men and women to treat each other like individuals and adults, not like members of different, adversarial species, but you must have access to some information about how I operate that I don't. Or ... it's also possible you just have a really strong idea of what feminists "have to be" that's somewhat unmoored from reality. In which case you could ask us if we hate sex and other women having sex and men and puppies and civilization and math and critical thinking and art and history and calligraphy and time travel, and also you could ask to get an idea of the range of feminist opinions on subjects.
Since when is cis a derogatory term? Most of my friends are cis, most people are cis, most trans people were literally created by cis people having sex. I can understand feeling like the whole world is against trans people and not set up to treat us as full humans, *and that's true*, but that doesn't mean that trans people hate cis people any more than gay people hate straight people.
It's not used that way in most contexts I'm in. If you're finding yourself in places where hurting trans people have decided to cut themselves off from all cis people and view them as the enemy, *then I understand why they feel that way*, but maybe you should hang with different people?
My cis inamorata has wider shoulders and skinnier hips than I do (I'm pretty much an hourglass) and while it limits her clothing selection, she's routinely called gorgeous and stunning. Unusual body features are pretty normal and fairly few people have average features across the board (if they do, we typically call them very pretty). Trans women's bodies usually end up somewhat normal in build; skeletons are like coat hangers for the soft tissues, and don't distort the final result much mostly.
Half of all men are smaller than average. If you're several standard deviations smaller than that, obviously that might be a problem for intercourse, though it might make you a better candidate for anal or for women who run a bit tighter. Suicide isn't really a good answer.
Are men really able to handle casual sex? Gender doesn't really affect that. Some combination of beliefs, values, and preferences does.
Imagine you woke up tomorrow with an enormous horn in the center of your forehead. Horns are pretty cool, right? That's seriously neat. But I doubt you'd be happy to see it. Now imagine feathers and scales began to sprout on your skin. Panicking? Now a bunch of scaly people with horns in their foreheads roll up and start talking to you like they know you. Of course, because you're a horn, you love Amstel Light and the Ravens and scowling at comedies and grunting when offered a cigarette. That's just how horns are. "But I'm not a horn." "Look in the mirror, buddy. You're an awesome horn." And then you hear that you can make the feathers and scales go away. You can get the horn removed. People will stop treating you like a horn. You may actually like Amstel Light and the Ravens and scowling at comedies and grunting when offered a cigarette, or you may not. The point is, you really don't want a fucking horn. Does that make sense? The thing that tells you that you're not supposed to have a horn and scales and feathers is your sense of body, your body map. If I cut your arm off, your body map would be kinda pissed. "But I should have an arm!" -&gt; phantom arm. And that, dear OP, is the story of my phantom vagina. It's the story of why body hair felt alien on my body and why breasts feel natural. You don't experience that dissonance because your software matches your hardware; you're not trying to run hardware you lack and constantly glitching up because of it. That's why we transition. And our transition technologies have gotten pretty effective. We rewrite our bodies hormonally, then if necessary reshape them surgically. And honestly ... &gt; On the other hand, if people want to be treated as their new gender (apologies if that is poor phrasing), that doesn't seem very realistic at this point in our society, which would just make it more difficult to live the life you want. (I know this is shitty, I'm just trying to put it in the perspective of a personal choice). ... it is indeed shitty that we're treated as pariahs if we don't blend in perfectly. That said, for preconceptions rectification, go to /r/transtimelines. Try not to view it as a hotornot. Look at the expressions instead. Try to see the emotional weight coming off. Tell me if we look happier or sadder, and then tell me if you still think we're being unrealistic.
I'm trans. I would absolutely have sex with my old body (my glamorous armor of fake manliness was pretty freaking attractive, as entirely too many people have told me since transition--were most of my straight girl friends into me back then? Wtf?), but not if I were inside it. I remember how much I hated being in that body. Cute? Yes. But if I caught a glimpse of that pain, I just couldn't. And if I saw my old face looking up at me with sad, envious tenderness, I think it would break my heart Now, if it were just a normal, reasonably happy guy living in my old body, sure, that'd be creepily hot.
Ultimately, I have no idea. Something extremely deep-seated tells me my body should be female, and has done since I could understand that there were two sexes of people. I assume it's the same as cis people's sense that they're supposed to be the sex they are, except for me it's in reverse. However, I will say this: *people's self-understanding is necessarily incomplete and often wildly inaccurate*. A woman who transitioned to male for the sweet sweet male privilege would probably experience some body horror in a pretty big way; if your bf is happier in his body post-transition, he doesn't have to have a great explanation for or understanding of his reasons for transition to have been medically necessary. I agree that it's a problematic understanding, but I also think that it's not necessary for trans people to always have a clear understanding of WHY they want to transition, just that they need to and are happier as a result. I sometimes see posts along the lines of "I transitioned because I wanted awesome sex!" and I generally don't take them at face value exactly. I figure that self-description can lag self-understanding, which can in turn lag knowledge of one's needs. If someone transitions and is way happier, I figure that even if they think they transitioned just for better social opportunities or something, they probably *needed* to transition across the board and just don't like saying that.
Finish recovering from FFS that I had Tuesday, get back into shape, and build an artistic empire to strengthen my finances, help out my friends, and pay for SRS.
Happy new year's, good sirs. My phone kept trying to say "good suits," but that's partly because I have to wrangle the darn thing through my scary mummy face bandages. May 2016 be a good year!
And I feel shitty, but a lot better than the last few days.
I dunno if I ever thought it out to the point of envying gay men, I just resented enormously all times when I was reminded that being supposedly a straight man meant I was not to be trusted.
Capitalism only works because it's *not* a big conspiracy. If you had to get knowing buy in from each individual capitalist stakeholder to maintain the conspiracy, you wouldn't have a very functional edifice. Kind of the same principle as why an illuminati order will never rule the world: the discipline and competence required to do something like that secretly easily exceeds the amount required to do it openly and be admired for it.
It's about bodies. I'm no more or less likely to be feminine than my female peers who didn't transition from male bodies. (We're mostly feminine, but we all do what we want. Come between us and our guns and video games and trebuchets at your own peril!) I just needed a female body. I figured out how I wanted to be, in terms of masculine and feminine, separately.
Enjoy your bummer nature, then. Ultimately you're allowing an incomplete and unsophisticated understanding of supposed biological truths to trump your own happiness, and if that's how you want to live, that's your affair. But it isn't going to be nearly as satisfying as living life in your own terms.
Hey, go to town, why not? Human freedom matters a lot more than human "helplessness" in determining ethics, IMO.
I'm childless but I've heard that small kids adapt really pretty quickly. Have considered looking at typical solutions employed by lesbian couples?
Either you're about to start hrt or you're going to the Lonely Mountain with Gandalf.
You and I need to talk some time about the state of trans resources online for scared kids around 1999-2002. When I'm a little less exhausted from squishing my face out. Because my experiences with the early web resources were not dissimilar.
Working as hard as I do, I make around $50,000 us a year. I can probably increase that though.
I know her only as Chanel No. 2.
There are worse things than being a supermodel, though.
Mazzoni is just so convenient that if you're within sixty miles you kinda may as well.
I don't even slightly want the discomfort or the inconvenience. But I've wanted to be a mother since I was very very small. I read all the pregnancy books, I was my mom's helper through her pregnancies with my brothers, I studied everything very seriously thinking it would one day be my turn. So. Periods for their own sake never, but periods to have a functional reproductive system, yes please. I'd then probably suspend them with continuous birth control until I wanted kids.
I think it's bizarre we haven't got a science fiction solution yet. Universal contraceptive implants for everyone would mean that having a child is a bilateral decision between two consenting adults and we wouldn't need to stress about this. (Anytime trying to unilaterally have a kid ... Just couldn't.) We have the tech to do this, and it wouldn't even be that expensive to do it for free. Imagine the vast improvement in human welfare. And it's kinda romantic to imagine two people lowering their contraceptive shields together.
I looked around and really really liked his results, many of which you can't see on open webpages anymore. I mean, I also saw that the recovery for Z's surgeries is particularly brutal, but, being thirty and the colossally healthy amazon that I am, I went with him. Aesthetically, he makes what I'd call very *pretty* faces; he's definitely going for more of a conventionally attractive look. Michelle Hendley's face, for instance, I believe. Since I really don't mind being boringly old-fashioned gorgeous, this appealed to me paticularly. For me, faces are about the eyes, and everything else frames them.
As long as insurance didn't pay, you can actually get a letter declaring this is an IRS approved deductible treatment, trans care medicine not covered by insurance. The letter comes from Z, and you just need your usual letters noting you have whatever the ICD9 is for our condition. This is standard and pretty routine. Given Z's fees, there's so much to write off that you'd have to make a *lot* for it not to be worth writing off. In this case it's over 60% of my annual income. The amount I'll get back on taxes will be much smaller--6k-12k depending on exactly how lucky I am in other areas tax wise--but it should kill my carecredit, and then probably I could. The only tricky part is writing off something in previous fiscal years. That part you might need to talk to an accountant about. I think it's possible, but it's kind of requesting an audit. If it means you end up getting back a big chunk of change, though, that can be a life saver. You can also write off SRS, I believe. Trans care not covered by insurance. It's one of the few areas where the IRS are the heroes. BTW, you're one of the reasons I chose Zukowski! Just FYI.
Yeah, my surgeon made me feel the bone contours on day three post op (or was it day one??) just so I could confirm that the lines are totally different underneath everything. I am prepared for the worst (right now I look pretty ghastly still!) But I'm very cognizant that the torment of my life since puberty has been cut away.
Gotta say, the cis people who get it the most right are my friends who just listen and accept. I'm a girl; I fit right in with the girls; in my friend group that means we do badass things in NYC, make siege engines, bake insane dishes, have duck waffle parties, and talk very frankly about our careers and love lives and pet peeves. (And when we want to call ourselves "the girls" we do, and when the key point is we're grown-ass women with car loans, we say that too.) Notice I haven't said much about myself as different? I mean, I and one of my partners in crime have standing plans to get Brazilians together when I'm done with surgery, and they're all waiting for me to finish my epic ten-part breakup letter to my current genitals, so it's not like we don't admit my body has some differences, but it's really not very complicated. We don't like it when people make it complicated.
If you should have claimed in 2013 for FY2012, claim this year. Definitely tax planner, this isn't as open and shut easy as filing on time, but it might eliminate your remaining debt so it's likely worth it! If not, you can definitely still benefit by writing off SRS. I saw your pictures a couple different times you posted them for short periods. Didn't see them on Z's site at all. How much revision do you think is typically helpful? I'm hoping all settles well, but if there are issues, the revision policy is a big reason I went with him. BTW, your username made me suddenly very glum about Oz a few years back when I wondered why exactly Baum thought of Ozma. A friend of mine works in video editing and found a reel from the 1930s featuring a family, totally pleasant and happy, except that my friend gradually realized one of the daughters was going through male puberty. It ruined both of our days. Pondering Baum's possible inspirations for Ozma didn't brighten mine, though it'd make a hell of a story if someone ever wanted to write it.
Commence proving your biological trends. Realize that the slightest pretense of scientific rigor requires controls, though.
I'm pretty seriously considering a small amount of hair transplant later on to round out my hairline just a tad more. Thanks though! It's good advice and appreciated. Going to crash asleep now, this really takes a lot out of me.
Actually, I made you write all this out because the evo psych case is notoriously flimsy and requires so much assumption and just-so-story that it only gives you the output you want because it's not very rigorous science. When your final argument is "look, we just *know* there's an underlying male and female human nature like so, and it just happens to justify this society's sexual politics (rather than any of the others from 5000 years of recorded history on at least three continents)" the best I can do is just keep you talking until you have made all your premises explicit. :p
In the abstract or in some particular historical place and time?
Your surgeon will tell you. Having just restarted hrt post-ffs after I think 11 days off, I can confirm it's probably not going to do much of anything at all. I felt weird and cagy, but I'm pretty sure it was all psychological, and though my libido ticked up slightly, there was no real effect. (I won't go into details, but all my worries of virility coming roaring back were proved pretty laughable.)
When my lips return to human sizes, I'll be unnaturally happy
I find the idea of being called passable a bit offensive--my default response would be to congratulate them on also passing as the sex they are--but I am visibly female and I like it that way, and I really wouldn't want signs of my trans history to be the kind of thing cis people noticed or mentioned to me. (I've spent a lot of money so far making them go away.)
Because voice training usually works really really really well. :p
Why, is it a club? ;p
Yeah, but it's a moot distinction as people may as well be black boxes. Who knows what someone is experiencing? If they say they don't fit into, say, male/man, I don't need to know anything else, it harms me nada to not constrain them to such.
I confess I'm not. I picked up an octave or so at the upper end of my range and can sing most female pop songs that don't really reach for Carey/Aguilera territory (and my once-baritone is in now the middle of my female friend group in terms of actual ranges and pitches), but there's no universe I'll sing operatic soprano. Nor could I if cis, I suspect. Such pipes aren't the common heritage of humanity, but a rare thing.
Hormones will give you normal female health risks instead of normal male health risks. (Fwiw, I forget the citation, but the last few big metastudies found properly administered HRT not a risk.) Without it? You will virilize with time. Puberty isn't *over*. It lasts the rest of your life. Even if you can pass flawlessly at 17, by 30 you may well be rocking full beard growth, back hair, and a sharply receding hairline.
11-12, started at 28 yo.
For speaking, I could go higher if I wanted, I'd just be the highest-pitched of all my friends instead of in the middle. :p no sense talking like an anime girl when your 5'0 sister lets her pitch move dynamically from slightly high down to downright husky. Edit: it took time, because you have to use your instrument differently, but I can also yell with my new voice and be at least as well heard. The old one is basically a memory, and at this point actually is kind of vocally weak when I do manage to bring out the old resonance. BTW, pitch is really secondary in spoken voice dimorphism.
Find yourself the manliest actor you can find, someone in his fifties. Find photos at 40, 30, 20, 16. Hell, take a musician known for androgyny, Peter Gabriel or somebody, and watch time and T do its thing. You will most likely end up with a "baseline" of some combination of your dad and any uncles you may have on your mom's side. If they all looked like women into their 50s, you're probably fine without estrogen. Otherwise, the damage has just not been done yet. Real talk: it probably will. Hormones matter. They're the difference between soft skin, fainter scent, barely visible veins, female pattern fat and muscle, no beard growth, and no male hair loss, and everything that makes a man look manlier and manlier from 18 to 25 to 35 to 50. Currently, you're doing the equivalent of interjecting testosterone, just saying "but it probably won't do anything."
That it's a dumb question to ask. Give everyone freedom, equality, and access to power, and wait a few centuries. Surely if it's such a burden not being under men's thumbs, plenty of free equal powerful women will found androcratic states, and like minded women will move there, and it'll all work out.
Right because infections are great.
US surgeons will be too expensive, once you factor in facility/anesthesia fees and such. You may want to contemplate Cardenas, I think his prices are all on his website and rather less menacing.
I'll post recordings sometime when my lips stop being fishy and swollen and I don't sound like Admiral Ackbar.
I mean, I've had something like the come up moment (there, something right now will do it!) While driving to work thinking of cute boys with shaggy beards, so I don't have any trouble believing you.
Oh god. Good, a setting where the most vitriolic reinforcement of the circa 1980 gender detente status quo will win the screaming match. Are there any good theorists on the different contexts that give rise to dogma and analysis respectively?
Equally. How do men want to be treated? Obviously not all the same, but they generally want respect and understanding. Same deal.
1. Let's all open doors for each other when it's convenient. Why not? Seems like the kind and civil thing. 2. Let's all have parental leave. Let's say, one year per parent. Mandatory, must be taken. How many fathers are being cheated out of early involvement with their kids by the sexist assumption that that's a woman's obligation? How many mothers are losing valuable progress on their careers by the assumption that, well, mothers are going to effectively drop out of the workforce during prime years? If everyone who has kids must do it, then problem solved: it's just impractical to penalize *all* parents, and instead workplace culture changes in ways that help women and give men the freedom to actually spend the time with their kids they want to. I think most of the best feminist solutions are win-win.
Yo, is God accepting returns on testicles now? Do I get a full or partial refund? Does condition matter? What if they're mostly in salvage condition? Oh, and what a fucking stupid web page. I'm assuming it's someone's fourth grade religious studies class project from a Mississippi middle school.
Not touching your leaps, fallacies, and handwaving because I'm not really seeing them as worth substantively engaging, I'm assuming you have a solution in mind? Let's go so far as to even, for the sake of argument, say that you are correct and free women are less happy. Do you have a policy recommendation?
Anecdotally, I'm told that trans women usually adjust much more quickly to having vaginas than cis men do to not having penises. Given that preop "phantom vaginal" sensations are often reported by trans women (can confirm they're really confusing to get) and "phantom penis" sensations are pretty often reported by trans men, things tending to settle neatly post op is not surpassingly odd.
I'd want to know. "My marriage ended because I was cheating. It was crappy. BTW, I'm bi." "Assuming you want monogamy, are you looking to cheat again?" (Hopefully) "No." "Cool. What about MMF threesomes?" But then, I'm bi myself. :p
That went away on HRT for me. But in the meantime, exfoliate the crap out of your skin first, and then clean it before you moisturize and use noncomedogenic moisturizers.
Do what you like! It may change and that's fine. It may not and that's fine.
A meaningless distinction unless we're talking sex partners. I think other factors should determine outcomes than whether I have boobs, and this should hold at every stage.
So freaking weird. At least I know I'm going to enjoy my post-srs body, but ... So weird :p
The feminist stance isn't that false rape allegations never happen and men should suck it up. It's that, my god, real rape is a huge problem, and unless you were literally raped by a stranger from an ethnic minority in a dark ally while innocently traveling home from your grandma's house dressed in your Sunday school teacher clothes, your chances of getting justice are sharply reduced. I believe the FBI estimates an 8% false allegations rate, which is 4 times higher than the average false rate of allegations in other crimes. Is it so much to ask, therefore, that we work toward at least assuming a 92% confidence that when a woman says she was raped, she was? False rape allegations are horrible, and we should combat them, but being raped and then treated like you're lying when you dare say so is also pretty fucking horrible. Or is that not "ruining am innocent person's life" enough to count?
Good for her. I met her once. She was charming. Talked around trans issues a bit in ways that seem kinda obvious in retrospect, like she was holding back a bit, but it was in a mostly LGB setting.
Hair removal is never too soon to start. I've had an ungodly number of laser sessions, expect a couple more, and then will clean up the few dozen survivors with electrolysis--and I'm a couple years in. I expect to have zero need for any further hair removal sometime in 2016 or early 2017, and started in 2014. Seconding /u/I_want_to_help_ppl about HRT doing the lions share of the work. When I started, I looked very very male. Manly really. That changed dramatically, and I was visibly female by 11 months or so. If you have long hair, make sure you're not styling it in a long male haircut, take good care of it. Other than that, well, a little subtle eyeliner and neutral eye-shadows to make your eyes look bigger and softer go a long long way.
Walk me through it. My feeble phi beta kappa brain is missing something.
but there are no trends whereby sex crimes perpetrated against women are treated with a specific flavor of differently?
As someone who just had major surgery that will greatly improve my quality of life, I really don't care if my surgeon enjoyed butchering me in his secret heart of hearts; not only did he treat my at-that-point-helpless body with the best of his skill and respect, but he was very careful before and after to help me feel in control of my body and its health. Pretty much the opposite of violence; my autonomy was treated with the greatest respect.
If you being honest about you are will trigger a heart attack, that's not his fault. It's not like the bank or the health insurance company will make sure to only give him good news for fear he should have heart attack; it's not like the weather will stay fine and there will be no storms; etcetera. You can be he kindest and most supportive daughter you want, but lying to him out of fear that he'll give himself a heart attack is not doing anyone any favors. "Dad, I love you. Listen to this calmly because I don't want you to hurt yourself and I know your heart needs to avoid stressors. I'm a girl, I'm transgender, and I'm going to be transitioning. That's only a matter of time, but it's 100% going to happen. I think you and I would have a better relationship if you know that I'm your daughter and am not going to be able to be the manly son you want."
How about we 1) treat all rape allegations as seriously and consistently as we should be treating *any* serious criminal charges 2) afford rape victims due process without intimidation or "do we really believe her" public theater to discourage actual evidence collection, and instead do our damnedest so that all rapes are prosecuted instead of the few that end up having 3 or 6 or 10/or 40 victims come forward because they were intimidated into silence when it was just, you know, one woman who was raped 3) *of fucking course* assign criminal penalties after due process of law and not before 4) *not* treat those accused of rape as a special class of people to be socially held blameless until post trial. That's not how society works. It's a fucking popularity contest mixed with amateur guessing hour. If you're charged with embezzlement, until you're exonerated, you may well be treated with suspicion in the business world. If you're charged with rape, you will excuse me if I don't want to be seen with you unless my trust for you is such that I'm willing to stake my reputation on you. (For some people, I would; others, not so much. I'm under no obligation to flick it to James Deen just because he hasn't had a trial by jury.) 5) acknowledge a history of freaking injustice to women in this area. (And frankly, to raped men.) Society has done an excessively good job of protecting men accused of rape. It's done an excessively bad job of getting people who were raped some actual justice.
This is an area where if you've been on HRT quite a while, a couple years, and there's still unwanted body hair, kill it with fire. I know that in my case, while I had normal amounts of male body hair pre HRT, if you put me and all my cis female relatives in the woods and forced us not to shave for six months, I'd probably be the least hairy. So like, super YMMV, but it's very common to see reduction to the hair pattern typical for your family/ethnicity.
I'm partnered and currently not looking, but my preference is to get to meet someone without my being trans as a factor, so here's the sequence I'd go with (bearing in mind that I'm not visibly trans): 1. Meet. Do we enjoy spending time together? Cool. 2. Meet again. Was #1 a fluke? 3. Discuss personal politics. Is she a Republican? Does she care that I'm not vegan? Would she date a woman with a mental health history? How about with a trans woman? What would she like to know about my work in academia? How does she feel about people who are poly? 4. If me being trans is a red flag for her, she doesn't need to know I'm trans, because we're done anyway--"not feeling it, I think our personal beliefs are a bit too incompatible in x, y, z areas, but it was cool meeting you and you have great taste in Korean noodle places"--and we can both go away with our self esteem intact. 5. If she's like, yeah, I'd date a trans woman, then that's around the time I'd want to come out, after we've finished otherwise vetting each other.
I'm saying I doubt many women brought into a freer society which takes *any* care to extend those freedoms to the latest arrivals is going to have trouble. What else could happen?
Incidents are not grand-historical trends. Walk me through the logic that justifies such a trend.
I'd say that the biggest humanitarian thing those in rich, privileged countries can do is *let people move there*. It benefits the richer countries ultimately--to the extent that there are huge economic benefits from population density--and it vastly improves human welfare for everyone else.
I would, but I'm bi. It's not my thing in general though.
Masculine bone structure frequently can result in a perfectly passable face under HRT.
Yes, it hurts. Yes, talking can be a huge pain in the ass with your face partially swollen up. And yes, it's right in the part of your face you tend to use pretty heavily. Basically it sucks. Super glad it's done and I hope I heal quickly.
I am too sleepy and loopy to make the elaborate response I want to, but let me sum it up in the following line: the prison that was Tippetarius is not wholly of the body, and has a shadow in the mind. I know I have times where I'm amazed that I somehow managed an escape from the life I'd spent so much effort on faking. There will always be an actress-circuit of me ready to perform "boy" with those carefully calculated bits of fake strut and confidence that kept me safe, and that actress takes it a little hard sometimes to realize that the work has all dried up ages ago, that I don't need any professional male impersonators in my employ anymore. "But this mask protected you so well! I know we haven't worn in in three years, but throw it away forever? We put hard work into that scowl."
3 months heavy use to consistently blend and 9 before I liked what I heard.
I'm suggesting that, like the men who grew up to be nurses and teachers, human beings can make headway against the pressures of a society that does not intend to support them. Let's stop for a moment to define social pressure: it's all the little helps you don't even notice when you're doing what you're supposed to do, and all the little hindrances you're slapped with when you do what you're not supposed to. You can achieve much in spite of it, but life is easier when it's not in your way. *Of course* exceptions exist; some people have advantages in some ways that overcome their disadvantages in others. Advantages can include exceptional wealth or talent, supportive family members that outweighed societal pressures, etcetera. Does the fact that some people can succeed despite unfairness make fairness silly?
Is there an objective way to precisely measure the gravitational system of three planets of known mass in a given geometric configuration, or do we just kludge together the best algorithms we can think of and accept a degree of built in error? And that's physics, where measurement is easier and we're dealing with particles rather than complex human systems. Your logic says "social pressure cannot possibly exist in enough ways to be relevant unless it's codified into laws," which is absolute nonsense. Start by accepting that societal influence on the individual is both real and hard to measure (which is why we try to measure it in the aggregate, not in single simple instances). This is a shitty place for slogans and sound bite level argument. I'm much more likely to respond well to thoughtful questions and comments that assume that if something is so basic any fifteen year old probably would have thought of it, I probably did, fifteen years ago. Of course there are ways to indirectly measure, over time, aggregate impacts of social pressure. But they take some sophistication.
Not around strangers. I don't know what polite corners of the Universe you occupy, but in my world, the non passing either get carefully not gendered or forcefully gendered.
I don't actually think it's easier for trans men to blend. (I do think blending is pretty normal eventually.) But if a trans man doesn't blend, what nonbending trans men are usually taken for, extreme tomboys, are more socially acceptable than what nonblending trans women are mistaken for.
Title ix has been really powerful so far, though.
By your logic it's not hateful to call them hateful for it, either, I'm just doing what I believe in. :p
