Prince Fielder had a pretty damn good month as well. But no Kip deserved it
Alright so I'm a summer day camp counselor and there is a kid at the camp who is cheering for the Warriors to win the series because he knows it bugs people. My god is this kid a shit head I heard nothing but trash talk all day. I would throw a jab or two back but considering I'm the adult in the situation I couldn't just belittle him
How about an anti joke!!....how much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to mall your face off if you ever ran into one!! :D
Broham whenever I post anything semi criticizing Manziel I get down voted to hell and deemed a "hater". It's a lot more than 5-6
Bitonio was a 2nd rounder. It's not like it's unexpected for a 2nd or 3rd rounder to contribute day 1 but u understand what your saying
Assuming Smith isn't hurt that bad, I wouldn't mind him or Bosa for the Browns. If with their first two picks the Browns could snag two of the following three it would be great. Bosa, Smith, Thomas And I'm not an OSU fan in the slightest
they need a pass rush as well
If you're gonna repost, you should prob wait at least a day
Madden 16 is the latest one. Why would you go back to a previous madden?
So if the wheels fall off the kart with the next guy do we fire then immediately to? I mean fuck why not keep Pett because it's not like we can get any worse
We need Tennessee to win
I want him or Jaylon Smith (depending on how bad his injury is)
He has been playing a lot better the past few games
Check literally any other thread on the sub
Gonna guess somebody from Bleacher Report
Nah they are getting yelled at by O'Neil as we speak
Can we see some Pryor at QB because why the fuck not
Johnny "Angstey Teen" Manziel
Please no
we go from "High School Mike" to "College Chip"...one more regime and maybe we will finally get an NFL caliber HC
Wait no flag?
Like I said, the whole "Pett has lost locker room" is just untrue. We just don't have any talent
He's not trolling. Anything that is anti-Manziel is not trolling.
broham i've been downvoted on this sub for saying the Johnny the passer didn't play well against KC and I hope he bounces back. So yes. Literally any valid criticism on Johnny gets downvoted
I stand with Joe. Manziel should have at least been in the locker room to support his team
We also don't give coaches longer then two years to build a team. We never give a QB more than 16 games to develop. We have a Jerry Jones wanna be for an owner. Next to no play-makers on either side of the ball. We will have this same conversation next year
Good, he belongs on the bench
Who the hell are these guys?!?!?
I mean to be fair that was a time where everyone felt we were gonna go 9-7, 10-6, have a top 5 defense, and fight for a wild card spot.
Same old song and dance every year. I'll be waiting for your next statement next season
they said he will have the final say over the roster but he wont be involved in talent acquisition.....WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!? this sounds dysfunctional already
WHy is everyone hating on Marrone? Is it because he left Buffalo to try and find a better job? record wise 6-10 in year 1 then 9-7 in year two seems like improvement in the right direction to me. Why the hate?
Sean Payton not Peyton Manning
He says we are gonna get what we drafted yet yesterday he refused to go into the game, he has played like shit all season, and we were trying him.at WR earlier this year. Fuck you Justin Gilbert, fuck you
Built a too defense with the Bills, took the Lions to the playoffs...yes please
so leading the league in receiving while only playing 12 games isn't elite. gtfo troll....or should i say u/740Buckeye??
https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3zacvj/report_browns_could_make_another_run_at_chip/cyln233 you're caught in a lie broham
"just lurked a lot"....is a redditor for 2 days -_-
you do know what creating an account to get past a ban means don't you?
Yup
I agree but he prob won't. He has no connection to the Browns move , so he has no idea how the fans felt so he prob has no sympathy
NT/DT are hard to judge because there impact isn't seen on the stat sheet. It seems like most of the big running plays that we got gashed for were to the outside. He played a lot better over the last 3 or 4 weeks
Day 1 dlc is just a fancy way of saying "hey look at this extra stuff that is already on the disc/in the coding that we are gonna charge you for" Either finish the product or release the unfinished content 3 months later bigger and better than you and it envisioned.I dont want the unfinished content because it is by definition unfinished.
I would love Coughlin. Dick LeBeau is 78 and still going strong, why not Coughlin!
I think the majority of people want to draft Bosa.
Who cares? Manziel is as good as gone. Good riddance!!
I'd be interested for a 5th rounder or lower
God I would love to see a Kirk Cousins vs Brian Hoyer super bowl.
You thought QB drama was ally. You merely adopted QB drama. Us Browns fans were born in it. Molded by it. We haven't seen a real QB since....uhm....
yeah that was prob the last real QB we had.
Stop with the Manziel posts. We have no GM no Coach, we just hired some fuck from Mets to do stuff in ours FO, and we have one of the strangest power structures in all of sports. Yet you people still want to talk about Manziel?!?! It's not just you op, but who the hell cares? Seriously who cares. I get that he's fun to watch. I get that he's the sole reason TMZ is still a thing, but seriously who cares? I've never understood the fascination with Manziel. Never!
One of those players was cut, and the other was made inactive by the team. They were punished, what's your point? Manziel has been more of a headache for this organization then the rest of the team combined
That doesn't change the fact that he is still a distraction. Just cause you ca name.other distractions doesn't make him less of a distraction. Also there is a difference between a one time thing and somebody who has a new story pop up every 6 weeks
You know what your comment shows me? It shows me that we would go back to talking about the team and not one God damn plyer who has done next to nothing in this league.
But no other "franchise QB" that we drafted has ever gotten this much coverage. Frye, Weedon, Quinn, and McCoy combined didn't get this amount of coverage. Last season after Hoyer hot named the starter, reporters were talking about the "outside chance" that Manziel starts. Maybe I'm just sick of the Manziel media circus. If he had come out of college and played at the same level as Luck, Rodgers, or Wilson I don't think I'd care as much.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAA1xgTTw9w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAA1xgTTw9w
I disagree that's it'd a forgone conclusion that the Titans don't take Bosa. They are like us, they need a lot
Pro tip, if you have frame drops in cities turn godrays and shadows all the way down
I don't care
Pats DC. Idk why but i've got a feeling. Personally i'd like to see them take a run at Coughlin but that wont happen
game volume is really loud
It'll prob inovleve a hot tub and a hand gun!! I mean what else is left for him to do?
for HC? really?
Johnny no...Billy has done nothing wrong!!
Because I go to a settlement because of raider problem, solve it, go.back to Preston who says "there is settlement with a ghoul problem" and it turns it out to be the same god damn settlement. Are you fing kidding?!?!? They couldn't have told me about the ghouls and Raiders at the same time?!?! REALLY?!?!?
Isn't he bitching about not playing with his brother? What is this summer camp?!?!
Tell me about this Patricia guy? I don't think his name his ever been brought up on this sub!! Dude there have been like 4 other threads about Patricia. Look at the sub for two min before you post
Who? Edit: not trying to be an ass. Seriously who is this guy?
I'm 22 and I thought the same thing
I mean have they been rumored to be interviewing anyone else? Aren't they the only two left?
To be honest I feel like flag on Pacman was kind of bullshit. Buffect should have been ejected though
truth
Some Bengal fans ik are hilarious. "Fire Marvin Lewis!" "Cut Burrfect, Cut Pacman!, Cut Jeremy Hill" I will take all three please!
Since 2009, the Bengals have 6 playoff births, have 3 division titles, and are 66-45-1. I would love for Lewis to come here
Doesn't Burfict have a history of dirty hits? Meaning he definitely hasn't learned anything. https://vine.co/v/iMWPBbFYELr
Only if they take Johnny to
There's a settlement that is having some problems with Chem pushing tunnel snakes. I'll mark it on your map
He's right. A lot of you wont admit it, but he is totally right. Coaches get 2 years max to take a team with no talent to the playoffs
yeah we wouldn't want a proven winner here now would we
i'd be willing to sign him on the cheap
where as a completely disagree with the idea that we don't deserve a winner, I completely agree with what you're reasoning
is there a single beat writer that this sub does like? Next thing you're gonna tell me that Tom Hamilton is terrible at calling Tribe Games.
haven't the last 3 coaches been players coaches?
If we get him or RG3 on the cheap i'd be happy.
I feel like Zegura just reports the things that everyone already knows. Like if he were to vanish i don't think it would be noticed.
Well thank you for having a conversation with me my good sir
That pushes you over the edge of being a Browns fan? You put up with Manziel, the constant coaching carousel, and constant losing season but Kaperneck oh no not him. That's to far. Really dude?
Johnny ruined Johhny's career. If he was more concerned about improving his craft and not partying in Vegas then he would have a substantially higher chance of staying with the team.
I would love Rex Ryan if he were here
As a Browns fan I completley understand what you guys are going through and if you need a shoulder to cry on, most of us at /r/Browns have a shoulder open
Browns fans understand
This
Gmod. Left For Dead 2
Thanks god!! Goodbye Manziel Mafia!
love the fire!
Worst mistake you could make but welcome aboard!!
Damn beat me to it....
From the video Q"was this search any different from the others" A no not really "Sigh"
you don't know that edit: wow guys down vote me cause i don't agree
Love for 30 Kyrie hits 60 make it happen!
Healthy Kyrie and Healthy K Love I like our chances
Parker is 33, Duncan is 39, Manu is 38 how the hell are these guys still this productive?
Or treat him like a god who can't do anything wrong like we did with the last QB
We'd be a playoff team if this happened. Unfortunately it won't "sigh"
Do you think your hatred of religion and snobbish attitude towards all those who believe in it stems from the hatred of your upbringing in catholic school? Example of your snobbery includes your belief that all those who believe in religion are just simply not looking at it logically.
I disagree that people don't look at their own religion objectivity. When comparing religions i think most people who aren't cunts to begin with will disagree with others religion by using the logic of their owns religion. Example: Christians believe that Christ was truly gods son and that due to him dying on the cross, he opened the gates of heaven for all of mankind (which i am sure you already knew). Christians don't worship say Mohammed because they believe that Christ was gods son. Christians believe Christ was Gods son because they believe they believe in his miracles. (Water wine, 2 fish into 2 millionish fish, walking on water etc). So ergo Christians believe Christ was both human and divine because of his miracles, which makes him God's son. Now that was logic used with the spectrum of religion to make an argument for one over the other. Does it mean that it is right, no but it is an argument. TL DR: Your view of modern day religions people is that of an elderly women looking to bible thumps anyone who doesn't agree. Most people who are around your age who believe in some sort of organized religion are open to the idea that others religions exist and use event/beliefs within their own religion to justify their belief in said religion. It's not about disproving their religion.
don't get why you would patch this. It's not harming anything and not really ruining the game
Unless they actually come up with some sort of story, L4D should never be more than a $20 game imo
I've tended to shy away from VATS in this game. They have improved the shooting mechanics enough that figure I can hit them on my own
if we could grab him in the 4th or 5th id be okay with it
that's just the Manziel mafia. They will be flooding the Cowboys sub soon
Yes please
Because this subreddit hates anyone and everyone any of the media outlets want
They tossed him? Are you kidding me?!?!
No
it'd be great. Taking Hue from you guys and a Steeler legend holy crap that would be great
I turn 23 in March.
yes...did i offend you that much that you decided to downvote just because i said i turned 23 in a month and a half?
was a pretty shitty joke
I love his energy and i am really happy it started to show up in his play the last 4ish games. Hopefully he hits next season in stride
there is no center lol
Ya know if the Browns were offered a 3rd rounder or higher for him I might strongly consider taking it. Anything lower I feel like he is worth the risk
Regardless of weather or not he was required to be there is irrelevant. He should have been there to support his team
He's there in support, that what good it does. Shows that he is willing to stand by his team mates and fight in the trenches with them. But he also was suppose to report to Berea for injury treatment and for the second year in a row he said nah im.just no gonna show up to work today
dumb
Lue will prob just be our HC now
ah didn't see that
http://imgur.com/EvCvYsA
i am a little afraid that Lebron just got a "yes man" hired.
Well Blatt was quick Blatt's all Folks
I'm generally curious how Blatt would be doing if we didn't have lebron. Like say LeBron never comes here and we are sitting here with Wiggins and Kyrie. How would Blatt be doing?
Was he this weak last year?
I figured we would play better ball considering all the player supposedly love Lue
ik but still. I kind of expected a coming out with something to prove. Like "yeah! This is our guy!"
That's cause coach Lebron thinks he knows what he is doing
just like Blatt, player-coach Lebron lost his first game
You can build a pc on par with the consoles for $300. You don't know what your talking about
I'm 22, though I know about the the drive and the fumble I was not around to watch them. So Denver doesn't have the same sting with me
I'm sorry. Maybe your offense will score so many points that you don't need a defense?
Indians have one of the best social media teams out there.
I agree. If this sub wants to put there blinders on and be delusional about us getting Bosa then let them
Fuck Stephan A Smith and Fuck Skip Bayless
Can we get this post removed mods?
Scenario 1: Goff Scenario 2: Bosa Scenario 3: Trade down
on that same note, Christianity. Most Christians just wanna live their lives
so i'm 22 in the mid-western United states. In my experience most people who are Christians in their mid to late 20's and younger are just trying to live their lives and be good people. Of course old people gay bash. These are the same people that still drop N bombs, and believe minorities and women shouldn't be equal
So in a game where Love, Lebron, and Irving all go for 20+ they show the lowlights? ESPN has an anti-cleveland bias period. They do this to the tribe to and its rediclious
And I thought I was the only one. We gotta done vote this shit man
All NBA stuff aside You post on r/depression encouraging people to kill themselves, you post trash like this, man you really are a piece of work. Ass hole doesn't begin to describe your actions. You're actions are deplorable and disgusting. If you aren't getting help I really hope you get some soon. You're life may depend on it.
Yeah its clearly not all warrior fans but the vocal minority sometimes set the reputation for the majority. Just remember this when our fans flood your sub as well
Shouldn't they be at work? But seriously though who goes "hey let's go wait for team x's bus to get here so we boo them" ??
Steph is a better shooter, LBJ is a better passer, defender, driver, and ball handler. Once Steph's shot fades he doesn't offer much else. LBJ does
I don't recall what it was but he said something anti Browns and pro "that QB who shall not be named" and I whole hearty disagreed. But im very lukewarm on him
It's RG3 or McCown and I hope it's RG3.
Cleveland Dawgs
I can't wait for the league to give him half a flagrant to keep him in the game
I agree 100%
I had work 7-9, internship 9-5, now class 6-9....god damn it I hate summer classes. Take what little energy I have left Lebron!!!!
FUCK DRAYMON GREEN, FUCK ESPN, FUCK THE NATIONAL MEDIA, FOR THE LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Strength in Numbers" even sounds like a bandwagon slogan
Fun fact Steph Curry wears socks with sandals. LBJ &gt;Curry
Slow down boys
Can't be upset with Love's effort
There ya go TT. Do to them what Biyambo did to us
Really that's not a foul on curry?!?! Really?!?!?
So that's a foul but Curry basically hugging Lebron arm isnt?
LBJ!!!!!!
Can't leave him open
Really that's not off Curry? You sure?
BUT GUYS LEBRON FLOPS ALL THE TIME Fucking piece of shit Green
Someone tell Draymon Green that he can quit floppin cause this is the NBA not the WWE. Although maybe there isn't much of a difference anymore
O look the refs are gonna call fouls on the Warrior players who don't matter
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!
We are down 8....in the first half....calm the hell down
You call being down 8 with a full half of basketball not competitive?
I mean clearly we are just an awful team with awful players
STEPH I HOPE YOU OPEN UP A RESTAURANT, LIKE A REALLY NICE ONE, AND THE ONLY THING THAT ANYONE EVER ORDERS IS A DELLY TREY
no please, keep yapping Draymon
Come on Kyrie
Nah its alright just shove Kyrie out of the way no biggie
KLov3
GO BACK TO RUNESCAPE AND MINE ME YEW LOGS YOU FUCK Translation: hey guy be positive
FUCK YEAH!!!
WARRIORS I HOPE YOU GO INTO THE LOCKER ROOM SOMEONE HAS LOOSENED THE SCREWS ON YOUR CHAIRS SO YOU ALL FALL ON YOUR ASSES YOU FUCKS!!!!!
Andy looking like a sardine out there
We don't need to answer every 3 guys chill
I'll live with anyone not named Green, Curry, or Thompson beating us
REFS YOU BETTER START CALLING THE GAME FAIR OR I SWEAR TO GOD EVERYTIME YOU GO TO POUR SALT ON YOUR FOOD THE ENTIRE SHAKER WILL EMPTY ONTO YOUR PLATE
HIS FEAT WERE MOVING YOU FUCKS
GIVE KERR A TECH I HEARD YOU WOULDN'T
Wait wait wait they actually called a foul on Steph?
In Major League "Wild Thing" struggled all season only to be clutch in the end. JR Smith = Wild Thing LET'S GO
But bur but we stink and the game is basically over
Alright JR "Wild Thing" Smith let's go
Come on Delly
It's K if Draymon can do it Delly can to its k
Cool they didn't fuck us
We already are the team everybody hates
God...fucking....Damn it
