Did you see Mark Henry last night? Dude must have lost like a hundred pounds!
#2
DMC went to UK. The most un-chill place in America for basketball. NYC won't phase him at all.
Ah yes, shut down people who like to continue talking kings basketball during the offseason. Brilliant idea!
Well then, my bad! Fuck that guy!
A neutral look should also have positive statistics
It's called the front page
He's disrespecting his team, the fans, and the game when he does that shit
School, healthcare, housing, and they pay zero tax. That is why people say that. They take more than they put in.
Give it 10 years, every single destroyer will have a laser and rail gun so all ICBM/S2S/A2S missiles will be rendered completely useless.
Of course you lost the weight, you put that alligator down!
If he had enough of a sensitivity to the force to use it, I'm sure Snoke or Kylo would have sensed it.
Except it literally says "MFW"
Are you seriously trying to claim that a government agency isn't bureaucratic sprawl? What world are you living in?
rekt
no ROH unless he gets elected into the HOF. Thems the tradition therefore, Thems the rules!
no way Pagan bats 3rd * Span * Panik * Duffy * Posey * Pence * Belt * Pagan * Crawford
better than an [ass clap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_nlQGGtNDM)
Fingers crossed for Battlefield: Spanish-American War
Remember that time she wore a sweater?
Bay Area? I think you are thinking of the armpit area
good, get that scumbag out of here
Cap is going to die, then get resurrected during Infinity War
He is not a citizen of the United States, he is a guest. He lied to authorities, he needs to be deported. The end. We need to have a zero tolerance policy about this shit. Edit: It also says, in the third paragraph, that he went to fight with TERROR groups.
Chris Evan has said recently that he will play Cap for as long as they keep asking him
Do you know what you are talking about? Assad is bad, but he's not our problem.
The National Guard is not a police force. The FBI is what you want.
He needs to prove that he can stay healthy and be more consistent at the plate. Then their relationship will improve.
That is very well written, and statistically correct. But it doesn't solve Belt's problem. His problem is that when people hear his name, they think "is he still hurt?" and "Is he hitting well or is he in a slump?" The biggest problem for me, is that from the second he came up, all we've heard is, he's the future, and this is going to be his breakout year. His other problem is that he is in a division with A-Gon and Goldscmidt. Compared to those 2, he is underachieving big time.
I get it, I hope he does well.
http://youtu.be/SYUEjtCV1Gc
Knowing Fox, they'll cancel both shows after 10 episodes.
As long as the classic eight teams don't want it (SF, STL, PIT, CHC, LAD, CIN, ATL, PHIL) it won't ever happen. Only the new franchises would vote for it(FLA, COL, ARZ, MIL, SD, NYM, WASH.)
Ah yes, local government, destroying free enterprise one city at a time!
We're talking about Denmark. Pretty much everything is a waste of tax dollars.
If I remember correctly, there is no love lost between Obama and Hillary. I think he'd let her burn.
No way, what-so-ever, does Rawlins come back. He is out until May at a minimum.
DB was cleared by doctors! Good chance he comes back.
They look like they are for a projector
Don't call them animals! Muslims are people too!
What's so stupid about this whole thing, is that the population of the United States that is African Anerican is 12.6%. Guess what percentage of Oscar winners since 2000? 13%. Zero controversy what-so-ever.
Avery jersey, Awesome!
Watching Avery play and antagonize was the single most enjoyable period of Rangers hockey in the last 10 years. So bravo!
Exactly, when I was 10 I could do 30 pull ups easy. Once I hit puberty, I was down to 5.
It's really bad actually. Politics should stay out of the Judicial branch.
lol, I agree, but you are in the wrong sub! Hive mind liberalism here. No room for conservative ideas!
It's no secret where to find tacos y burritos
Rick Santorum was in 6th place the week before and won Iowa. That's why they are all still in it.
National polls mean nothing, they call people who have never voted and will never vote. In likely caucus voter polls,Cruz is winning.
It's not racist to not want people who will not contribute a thing.
There is also no way the SCOTUS will take this case, so this should be law going forward
That's a lot of muslims
Gypsies
Yeah, I've known disable people who were dicks and could be like that because they knew no one would do anything. I guess you get a girl to smack him?
https://www.etsy.com/search?ref=auto3&amp;q=oasis+t+shirt&amp;order=most_relevant&amp;view_type=gallery&amp;ship_to=US
Were you saying that about Trayvon Martin and MICHAEL Brown? Because the media pulled that shit with those 2 also.
That's a screwball
Un-congrats to Crosby. Douche bag.
Gay
Try to put aside your feelings and look at the numbers. He also doesn't seem like an unlikeable dick.
That one might be inappropriate!
I can see that, but the guy takes batting practice every day just like everyone else. Plus in BP he rakes.
Where is Arias when you need him?
Reliable when he is not using knives you mean
Aren't all pictures of clouds once in a lifetime?
Just use the time to make a pof and okcupid profile and start the healing process by banging some hotties!
Waaaa, get a new job. Flipping burgers is a starter job, for kids. Not a 30 year career!
They haven't. Do you know how much of a need there is for welders, or plumbers, or electricians? After 10 years they'd be pulling down 60-80k easy. But by doing that you have to work hard. By doing that you aren't perpetuating mediocrity.
What? if they serve breakfast they are open from 5/6am and dont close until 10/11pm. That is if they arent already open 24/7
I think so, if anything it's just because he married Steph
The point is, that a kid that hasn't graduated highschool can do the job. Literally anyone can do the job. Since anyone can do the job, the job has NO value. That is why it isn't worth any money
No, it will basically stop illegal immigration by crossing the boarder.
He did follow through http://www.conchovalleyhomepage.com/news/trump-to-account-for-veterans-donations
I'll have "molested by my uncle" for $200 Alex!
Oh god, so many things. The burger makers do have value. The bare minimum. Just like a bagger, just like a buss boy. Any idiot can do the job, which means any idiot will do the job. Because anyone can do the job, there is zero training involved. NO SKILL which translates to NO MONEY! It's how life is. If someone is too dumb or too lazy? It's not the governments job to pick winners and losers. It's the governments job to make sure people have equal opportunities, not equal results. Your argument about not going to places is a fallacy. I go to an establishment based on the product, not the people working there. I could give 2 craps about who or what is making my burger. Your cry for a living wage, which can and will be done by a robot, is literally going to make thousands and thousands of jobs disappear. It's already cost hundreds of jobs in Seattle. https://www.aei.org/publication/minimum-wage-effect-from-jan-to-sept-seattle-msa-restaurant-jobs-fell-700-vs-5800-food-jobs-in-rest-of-state/
Gibraltar belongs to England. They even had a vote on it in 2002. So Spain or the EU would have to physically take Gibraltar away. And that's not going to happen.
&gt; Copy paste from other reply to this; &gt; Because Catalan want's to secede from Spain and become and independent nation. Spain will do everything it can to stop this, and independent Scotland joining the EU would give Catalan a precedent - the Spanish will not allow this, thus veto Scotland.
Gibraltars importance is not its connection to Spain, it's that it is the entryway to the Mediterranean. Britain would gladly airlift supplies to do this. Plus, Spain does not have a big enough pair to try a blockade.
I doubt it's gone from 95% remain to 51% leave.
That's what they said about airlift West Berlin. Plus it's only a 1300nm boat trip. All I'm saying, is that it's possible. And that the UK has zero to worry about.
There are 40,000 unelected beaurocats in Brussles
Of course it's true. With free movement, the U.K. was accepting 3x as many immigrants as 10 years ago, with the majority of them coming from the poorest of the member states.
All of the financial stuff is a knee-jerk reaction due to the unknown. It will stabilize and the U.K. will be better in the long run.
My point is that those are British bureaucrats dictating policy to other British people. Not non-British people dictating policy to British people.
I agree. I'd like to know how many of those M-E immigrants come directly from their country, or gain citizenship to an EU member state and move to GB for the benefits.
Writing their own laws reason is stupid because I believe the UK has veto power. So any law coming out of the EU could be shut down if the big wigs wanted it to. The UK will be stronger fiscally because they will not be on the hook for Greece and Spain, and Italy, and whatever other country decides to run their selves into the ground. The EU and Obama threatening to pull away financially is all mumbo jumbo. London is arguably one of the financial capitals of the world. That is not going to just disappear. And like I said, the financial problems of the Pound dropping and the markets dropping is just uncertainty of the future. The security question is easier. The UK won't have to be the de facto protector of Europe any more, just because they have a military and aren't afraid to use it, even though they will continue to do it. Plus now their borders will be more secure because people can't just come and go anymore. Plus, lets be honest. There is zero logical advantage to allowing a 30 year old man who has lived off the governments teat in Greece his whole life, to be able to move to the UK and start living of their teat just because the benefits are better. The last reason is the most controversial but true. Culturally the UK will be stronger. A national identity and culture is a very important thing to a prosperous nation. So stopping the influx of 300,000 immigrants a year and cutting it by 60-70% will allow the UK to continue to be the UK and not just another part of Europe. I think a huge part of this whole Brexit thing was that English people started to no longer recognize their country any more. From KFC changing to all Halal chicken, to the thing in Rotherham, England where they turned their back on the child sex ring out of fear of being called racist. Then there is Londonistan. When people see huge changes really fast, they freak out. I hope this helped explain it a little
Exactly, So the UK decided to not participate anymore
In 2010, the House of Commons library published a [comprehensive analysis](http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/ResearchBriefing/Summary/RP10-62#fullreport) of the variety of ways this percentage can be calculated. There are difficulties with all measurements, but it concluded "it is possible to justify any measure between 15% and 50% or thereabouts". So, I mean, the 60% wasn't way off of what could be true? lets look at it objectively and meet in the middle. 32.5% of British sovereignty was decided by non British people. To me, that's a huge problem. Not as much as say 60%, but political lying is literally the way things are done. I have a bigger problem with the stay people crying racism as the reason for Brexit.
Private or home school. If they go to public school, it's over
well, they do.....
What's a dick butters?
And the US military seems to be 100% of the worlds policing force. THAT, is disproportionate.
The problem with that is If the US doesn't police the world, then Russia or China do it and the US loses power and influence
Anti-fascists? Causing physical harm against people to stop them from expressing their permitted right to assemble is fascism at its core. Edit autocorrected fascism to racism. Fixed
Hate speech is protected under the first amendment. Who told you it wasn't?
the fascists were caught on camera chasing reporters, beating people with sticks, and more than one Neo-Nazi got stabbed. The fascists came looking for a fight and found one.
I'm sorry, were they looting, harassing anyone, fighting people? No. I completely do not agree with their message, but they have a constitutional and god given right to liberty. In this case, liberty is represented in their freedom of speech and freedom to assemble peacfully.
Way to pick and choose. The fighting words doctrine applies to one individual saying something to another individual. The court has continued to uphold the (fighting words) doctrine but also steadily narrowed the grounds on which fighting words are held to apply. In Street v. New York (1969),[3] the court overturned a statute prohibiting flag-burning and verbally abusing the flag, holding that mere offensiveness does not qualify as "fighting words."" Also, "In R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul (1992), the Court overturned a statute prohibiting speech or symbolic expression that "arouses anger, alarm or resentment in others on the basis of race, color, creed, religion or gender" on the grounds that, even if the specific statute was limited to fighting words, it was unconstitutionally content-based and viewpoint-based because of the limitation to race-/religion-/sex-based fighting words." And, "In Snyder v. Phelps (2011), dissenting Justice Samuel Alito likened the protests of the Westboro Baptist Church members to fighting words and of a personal character, and thus not protected speech. The majority disagreed and stated that the protester's speech was not personal but public, and that local laws which can shield funeral attendees from protesters are adequate for protecting those in times of emotional distress." So do a little reading before you spout your utterly biased bullshit.
Having an off shore tax haven isn't against the law but it's morally unsound at the least.
I'll give her the ole "downward dog"
Shut up, loser
Of course it looks like that to you because you are a fucking douche
That reminds me. I gotta go take a Develin.
If I were the pope I'd be free-ballin it every day
I don't think anyone is talking about having it revoked. People are voluntarily giving it up.
Shut up
Yeah, Its fucking Buffalo. Enough said, douche bag
We invented the telephone, we'll call it whatever we want.
It's gone away. It was super common in the 60's
It still primarily means pound if you are older than 25.
Yay, I'm a llama again!
Where did this come from. It isn't part of the fappening is it?
Why would they be inexperienced?
Does this mean Chinese men are actually niggers?
Just this one?
Nice try, mr small hands from that Burger King commercial.
What a salty fucking douche. Did this idiot get turned down for an interview or something? He even resorted to, "oh yeah, well, you have stupid hair." Fuck off, asshat.
Let's be honest. In 2010 Wikileaks did reveal internal classified cables from diplomats that could have really damaged the US. To me that wasn't a liberal vs conservative issue.
Shit! Ground and pound like a mofo! Not saying it was the right thing to do, but dayyyyyyyyyyumm!
Good find. But "Shooter" is not a Netflix series!
Whatever, Dr. Evil. I'm on to you.
It became political the second they released any documents. I don't get what you are saying.
It's decent. I'll just leave it at that. A solid 6/10
It was a hoax because he painted pro-Trump graffiti on the church.
What do you say to the 200 million Americans whose insurance rates have tripled and quadrupled because of Obamacare? Id say, sorry. Medicaid existed before and it will exist after. Obamacare literally Fucked over the vast vast majority of Americans so a select few could be covered. Not to mention, men have to pay for woman's care and women have to pay for men's care. Not saying that good things didn't come out of it. I think anyone under 18 should be covered, and I think that no one should be turned down because of pre-existing conditions. But the entire thing is a mess that could have been solved with a simple Medicaid education program.
Oh, were you able to find the sources?
No. They will be just like the government. Once they have their hooks in you, they won't let go. And I do disagree with taking out the profit. When you take out the profit, you also take out the competition. So now instead of extremely smart people becoming brain Surgeons, they will choose another career field. We live in a capitalist society. More competition will theoretically help drive down the cost. So will Price transparency from insurance providers and hospitals/doctors, and opening up the possibility to get less from overseas. It's all about competition. People also won't be thrown off healthcare. Block Medicaid grants to the states will be made so these people can be folded back into the state system. The individual states know what's best for their own citizens. Also the Feds can threaten regulation if the prices don't go down. I know that is anti-capitalist, but the prices have to go down somehow. Any time the government backs anything, it gets more expensive. Example: Student loan backing caused school prices to skyrocket. Health insurance backing caused prices to skyrocket.
I think they should find a way to have Kylo kill her
What CNN are you watching? It's gotten as bad as MSNBC
She is so tiny and adorable I just want to put her in my shirt pocket
What the hell are you talking about? He hears a couple a week, just like Obama does.
A micro penis for her micro vagina. Perfect match!
Those are the rate hikes that have everything to do with what is wrong with Obamacare and nothing to do with what is going on in the picture above. In some states the rate hike was 100%
Awesome
You are so full of shit. This rate hike was scheduled years in advance. Stop fucking lying.
This is how I know you are full of shit. The rates have gone up dramatically every single year since Obamacare was made into law. EVERY YEAR! This year is no different. Jan 1st is when all healthcare rates change. I'm sorry you were in 6th grade when this law was passed, and know no other way but with Obamacare. Health rates have always gone up by a few bucks a year, as far back as I can remember, and at least since 1998 when I was 18. But the second Obamacare became law, everyone's rates skyrocketed. Mine went up 300% in the last 6 years. So don't sit there and act all high and mighty and try to blame the current outrageous cost on anything but the fact that because of Obamacare, everyone suffered so that people can have coverage that can't afford it. If you still don't believe it read these: From April 26th 2016: http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/04/21/Get-Ready-Huge-Obamacare-Premium-Hikes-2017 Here is one from DEC 8th 2015: www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2015/12/08/obamacare-premiums-are-on-the-rise-but-dont-blame-insurers/ So fuck your smug attitude. I've actually felt and read all about this shit monstrosity called Obamacare.
Tens of billions for a tangible thing is a cost I'm willing to take. Better than the hundreds of billions wasted in the form of the stimulus package.
Your are not going to read the facts? Then you are not only a fool, but a closed minded asshole too. Good luck living in your bubble, lying piece of shit
Healthcare, school, and food are taken care of by the government until the person is 18. Then it is their responsibility to fend for themselves. Why is there a seeming lack of personal responsibility on the left?
Can you imagine how expensive items would be world wide if our military wasn't as big and bad as it is? We are basically the only ones enforcing international maritime laws.
But why are you going to school or learning a trade? To benefit your neighbor? No, it's to benefit your self. So you should incur the costs associated with that. And, if it is so expensive to go to school, and you will never be able to pay back your student loans, maybe you shouldn't have gotten that LGBT studies or philosophy degree. Those benefit not one person but the person getting the degree. I feel we do work together for basic things. That is why we are ALWAYS there for each other when things go bad and why we are without a doubt the most generous country in the world. But working together for basic things and giving people things for free are way different from each other. Do you get what I'm saying? Sorry if it's convoluted.
We'll have to agree to disagree. I don't think we should screw over the vast vast majority of people to help the few(Obamacare)
His entrance music is epic!
What does that even mean?
US government: it was a routine exercise by a weather balloon. Nothing to see here. Chilean Government: We don't know what the fuck this thing is. Anyone? Comment below what you think this is.
This article somewhat explains the economic impact http://www.aei.org/publication/5-ways-the-us-navy-marine-corps-and-coast-guards-global-presence-matters-right-here-at-home/ I'll be honest, it's difficult to actually give a cost/benefit analysis because the US Navy has been dominant for 80 years now. So all we can do is guess as to what the impact would be. I've always been a firm believer in expect the best, prepare for the worst.
Agreed. The average salary of a federal civilian is $86K. Times that by 2.1 million and we spend $180 billion a year on wages. $86 K is waaaaay too much. I would love a 30% pay cut across the board. If the workers don't like it. They can quit. I'm sure they can find replacements from the approximately 20 million working age people who have given up looking for a job.
Who's celebrating?
That is still on the other side though.
We need to take all of these Christian refugees. The rest of the Muslim world can harbor the Muslim refugees.
Anarchists are on the far right of the spectrum
Appropriate Adjectives are against the rules? There's your lack of free speech
There was a dude on Tucker Carlson on thurs or Friday night trying to start a campaign to get Trump impeached because a) he isn't admonishing Russia, and b) he doesn't fully believe the intelligence reports. So yeah, it is a smear campaign
I remember watching that live. First time I realized what a cunt he is.
Friendly female? Does that mean she's a hooker?
Here's an article about 20 times that it has happened: http://whatculture.com/wwe/20-times-wwe-title-changed-hands-on-a-house-show?page=1 And the guys need to sell shirts. 1 live event = 15-20K fans. 5 house shows = 15-20k fans doubles their merch take.
No, anarchism is on the far right. The further left you go, the more you want government in your life. The further right you go, the less you want government in your life. Anarchy comes from a Latin word meaning "no ruler." So self rule is in the far far right
Anarcho-communism? That's an oxymoron.
I know that the soviets and Cuba aren't true communists. But what you described as what anarchists want is akin to the soviets calling what they had as communism. Anarchy is just that. No laws, every man for himself. Community be damned. Also, main state be abolished and have local communes govern themselves? That is a very conservative point of view.
I called him a cunt, not a fucking cunt, jeez
How old is this photo?
Dude, the only reason conservative people want to live here is because of the weather. It has a terrible business climate, the nanny state is everywhere(between 700 &amp; 800 new laws on Jan 1st), crime is out of control, and environmentalists have taken over the legislature to name a few. I don't know what you are smoking, wait yes I do.
If we don't, they can't do dick
Since when do union dues go to pay your own pension? The right to work laws are great because you now have a say as to whether or not you support an organization who only leans one way politically, and you have zero say in the fact that they spend that money on political ads supporting a candidate you might not agree with. Unions had a place in history. An important place. But those times have completely passed us by. The Feds now have regs in place.
The only parts I want saved are the pre-existing conditions, and children being covered but only till 18. The rest can get thrown out.
No, NPR was defending the black kids that kidnapped and tortured the disabled kid. They have gone off the deep end. PBS is full on the PC train. Sesame Street has a trans character for god sakes. So yeah, they are pretty far to the left
The only answer that matters
Here is an article about how we should have a discussion about if they are racist or not. http://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2017/01/09/508607762/a-dscomfitting-question-was-the-chicago-torture-case-racism I wish I could find more but I'm busy, but any site that post a semi-serious article about white guilt is not conservative in the least
Here is a poll from super liberal VOX about LGBT rights: www.vox.com/platform/amp/2016/5/24/11746086/transgender-bathrooms-poll-survey Here is a poll stating that the majority of Americans want TG people to use the bathroom of the gender that is on their birth certificate: reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKCN0XI11M http://www.gallup.com/opinion/polling-matters/191774/disentangling-attitudes-toward-transgender-bathroom.aspx It is a mental disorder. And should be treated as such
What the hell does that have to do with race relations?
She is 43 and a mother of 4. My mom had 4 kids and looked like a dumpster fire at 43. She is perfect
Nah, our sub fleet would stop any invasion in its tracks. With 290K active personnel and a mandatory 1 year conscription, it would be a tall order. Taiwan has literally been prepping for this for years.
Honestly, because it's your choice to go to college. You could go into the workforce.
I don't know. I just know that the only part of the pre-Obamacare insurance situation that sucked was the pre-existing issue. Or an insurance company being able to drop you after you have cancer or another major illness. That's fucked up
Not too different than before. You had no insurance, you have to go to the emergency room, you get a $100K bill, you can't pay so you file for bankruptcy, the hospital passes the cost onto the consumer
Because at 18, you can also join the military, or enter a trade. I should in no way pay for your decisions past my natural duties such as paying taxes for national defense
Im not saying we wouldn't be in a pickle. I'm just saying that there is no way that would happen
True, let's wait and see how he performs once he is actually president.
Still, not my problem.
Take California out of the picture, and Trump won by 3 million votes. So yes, it was an absolute landslide for Trump. The leanings of the ultra liberal most populous state in the union is not indicative of the rest of the country.
I'm ok with a pendulum. It's important. If one party or ideology controls power for too long it corrupts them. Just look at Europe. In looking at the political landscape though, this election for me was more about that Supreme Court seat more than the Presidency. A conservative/constitutional SCOTUS has been the only thing keeping us from going off the edge for years.
I think Trump gets a bad rap for a lot of things. His charitable work for inner city youth in NYC is amazing. His rapport with the construction workers on his building sites is great.(something he learned from his dad.) But in General, I think that if he was less bombastic and more like able, he would have never even got the nomination.
Technically, the Senate is out of session for 5 minutes when the new people come in. During that 5 minute recess, Obama technically has the authority to appoint someone to any open position. If it is for the SCOTUS he will eventually have to go through confirmation, but it's not immediate.
The point is, dickhead, that the system worked. So suck it. You better hope to god that Trump doesn't treat the office with the disrespect that Obama did.
Every single thing you mentioned, happened before he has taken the oath. You are trying to write history before it has happened. I'm talking about once he is in office. - Obama spent the first year in office apologizing and bowing to foreign leaders. - He rammed through a bill (ACA) that 60% of Americans didn't want. - Crimea happened - His Lind in the sand over Syria - Benghazi and Libya in general - worse Race relations caused by him. - the ransom he illegally paid to Iran - Hillarys private email server that he lied about knowing of - Ising the IRS and DOJ to target his political foes - $1 billion Solyndra debacle - the record high number of people who are no longer in the workforce but able to work - No yearly GDP growth over 3% for the first time since WW2 - Turning the military into a social experiment. - unconstitutional use of executive authority to write laws to purposefully circumvent congress. I can name you a ton more that happened under his watch. WHILE HE WAS IN OFFICE. Who gives a fuck about before he was in? He has no respect for the American people, the office, or the Constitution for which he has sworn to defend. After Trump becomes President, I'll be the first to stand up and cry foul if it needs to happen. Until then, calm your tits
I also brought up dumpster fires
Him?
Word
It's kinda faster at the federal level. 15 years as of 2012
That doesn't happen much these days. Because of shows like CSI, unless there is an eye witness or DNA evidence, it is nearly impossible to get a capital murder conviction
Good thing the death penalty will never go away at the federal level
I'm sorry, is this news to you?
I wish I had a source. I heard a prosecutor talking about it on tv a couple years ago.
That's a lot of lgbtbbq studies degrees out in the wild
No, it isn't in line. It was a shit political move meant to symbolizing the end of race politics. He fucking failed.
If it wasn't for Gerrymandering, minorities would be at a distinct disadvantage
That's who gerrymandering has benefited the most, so of course it's a factor
The pee story itself didn't happen though because Trump was in California with his family on the date specified
I believe in an earlier Horizon trailer, we find out that it takes place a couple thousand years in the future. Kill one takes place in the 24th century. So it could be leftovers from that war for sure.
Billy May-ness here for elbow surgery!
