Patch it with sheets of styrene, use filler to blend, and then sand to shape. If the error is that large, contact the manufacturer; they will supply you with a new part free of charge, usually. The current mfg is Round 2 models, and they are supposedly very nice people.
Again, it depends. There is no absolute answer for this. My preferences change by project and there's no "standard answer" even for myself. Also, models photograph differently than what our eye sees, so what looks pretty in a photograph might actually look horrendous in person. Light/bare metal airframes with too dark washes (dark brown, black) look silly. Dark airframes with dark colors make no sense. For the grey aircraft, it can be more towards the dark brown/gray/black range, it depends on *where* the area is. See my F/A-18E in 1/144. The wash is a sludge of payne's gray, and a touch of raw umber. http://imgur.com/a/YMU4a
There is also a third alternative: prebuilt mixes and guides written by Mig productions, AK, and the Spanish companies. A cottage industry has sprung up in the last 5 years that has since swept the model press by storm, where they offer everything from particular effects (rain, grime, snow, mud, oil, whatever), to specific color "modulation" effects (dark, light, shadow, worn paint, chipping fluids). Often sold in "packs" that encourage you to buy a product for every single effect you want to create, while providing professional/expert builder advice on how to achieve or clone their effects that they've become known for. That would remove much of your questions, because someone has already figured it out for you (as well as dilution, chemistry, mix ratios, paint compatibility). I personally stick with very "easy remove" materials like pencil graphite, pastel chalk (poor man's weathering powder), acrylic gel mediums, and watercolors. I rarely use oil washes because I find the smells unpleasant and cleanup tedious. I also tend towards "cleaner" builds because after spending all that time building a model I can't be bothered emulating field conditions in many cases, save for armor models. Finally, there's a modern trend towards dirtying up just about everything, including things where it might be excessive. Preshading and the like are very useful techniques, but when overused, create *visually interesting* but not actually accurate paint and wear patterns. There was a hilarious "letters to the editor" from a former tank crewer in Fine Scale Modeler in the last year or so, where a former tank crew member said "STOP IT WITH THE RUSTING TANK TREADS." He claimed that operational tank treads, while muddy, would NOT be rusted; instead, rocks and asphalt would tend to polish it in a color more like a gunmetal/black color. There's some truth to this. Further, Spencer Pollard, even 10 years ago, said something like (He used to write for a now defunct magazine, but has taken up shop elsewhere with other English magazines) "there is a trend these days of weathering everything up to the eyeballs, without any regard to how the originals might have survived in combat." (It was for a review of a Revell 1/32 HE-162, which frankly, would've had very short operational lifespans from finishing of construction to final disposition). If you want an example of this taken to the extreme, see Revell Germany's box art models of the 1/32 Hawker Hunter (preshading on panel lines gone *way* out of hand), or their 1/32 Hawk T.1A (preshading to the point where it's like the mechanics painted black rings around each drop tank.)
Future is allegedly designed to be self levelling (it's floor polish, after all, the original users, people with hardwood floors, would hardly spray this stuff, use a mop or something like that), but where possible, I would spray it. For your woodworking project, OP, take a sample and test it. my F-18E has it brushed on using a wide brush (about 1/4th inch wide, it's a model a few inches wingtip to wingtip). http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/ See also: https://sites.google.com/site/donsairbrushtips/future-floor-polish And: http://www.pledge.com/en-US/Products/Pages/floor-care-finish.aspx
And no, if the parts are warped (photos)? You send them a photo of them, and ask them politely to send you a new, non-damaged kit, at their expense. Plastic model companies are good about this sort of thing, and Revell isn't bad about it either. In fact, if the kit was in that bad shape in the first place, you should have asked before even starting. In your letter, also note that you bought *two* kits trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, and express (politely) your frustration at being disappointed twice. Ask if there's some way they can make up for the severe inconvenience. It's not inconceivable that if the two kits came from the same flawed production batch that you got two bum kits. I've almost never heard anything (if at all) about poor fitting F-15Es; it's one of those kits that rarely gets criticized outside of absolute accuracy issues. Academy makes an F-15E. http://modelingmadness.com/review/mod/us/labf15e.htm
Professional modelmakers. In the ye olden days professional modelmakers did this kind of stuff on contract. A derivative today is people who build architectural models for a living. Whereas now, CAD and digital models dominate many areas, in the old days, companies, including naval architects and auto manufacturers had entire departments dedicated to modelmaking and making mockups of prototypes. As for the specific builder, I do not know. These kinds of models are not cheap, and cost thousands of dollars.
Where is this office? US? Denmark?
That was a bit tight, but there was no gap (hairline at best). What you do for that is to hold the model vertical, press the point of the noise onto a hard surface, and push.
Wood models became a lot more common in the late 1990s and 2000s (if you go on ebay, you can find replicas of practically any aircraft you can imagine). That is one possible source of the model. It might be a one-off/custom or small batch production for promotional or other purposes. It's worth checking with say, a batman fan forum to see if there's any data. The logo looks rather old and faded (unless that's what the original looked like) indicating it might actually be fairly old. So I'd take a look to see if any promotional models were made, or whether anyone ever heard of these being made as a prize, promo, or office decoration for a studio or something like that (which would be the coolest possibility). For 3 dollars, that's a bargain, even if it's not worth anything as far as collectors value is concerned. It's a nice piece of work and the scale of the model is nothing like a plastic kit. If you can't find any more history on it, it's at least unique and interesting, especially if put in a case next to some vintage comics.
Yes, that might work. I'll have to check the sprocket dimensions. Which Stug did they fit? III/IV?
Sounds like they might fit the bill. I'll see if the mfg gets back to me about spending spare tracks, otherwise I might take you up on those.
You will definitely ruin your canopy. It'll fog the canopy if you attempt to use it, and then you'll have to spend time polishing it back to original state. Tenax is just another plastic welding solvent. While some chemical aspect of it might be proprietary, it's no different than any other plastic welding solvent/cement that you'd use. Some people say that coating canopies in future will allow you to use it without crazing, I'ved had mixed results from that. There are canopy glues that are not white glue (or PVA, as it's known in the trade). Humbrol Clearfix is one. I never liked it much. Revell also makes a canopy glue, though I suspect that's just repackaged white glue. Other white glues with potentially better working properties: 1. Titebond or weldbond (it's one or the other, the name escapes me at the moment, but it'll say it's a general purpose adhesive that is water resistant, but not waterproof) glue. It's a PVA adhesive that is basically a better, quicker drying, and more permanent form of white glue. I believe it's also water resisting, but not waterproof. 2. Tacky glue (available in craft stores). It's a thicker kind of white glue. I haven't used it, but it is one possible alternative. Others: 1. I very rarely hear it recommended, but some people say epoxy might work. However, I'd be skeptical. Lots of epoxy doesn't dry clear and will yellow over time and exposure. Honestly, your best bet is to stick with white glue, buy a solvent based adhesive such as humbrol that is formualted not to craze canopies, and so on.
Sorry, let me look that up. Actually, it's weldbond. http://www.amazon.com/Weldbond-8-120125-Adhesive-4-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000H5OKN6. Honestly, wood glue is a similar formulation (often it's some kind of PVA), but anyway. Heere's a tutorial if you want. the remarks about future being discontinued are not correct, unless you're in Europe (and even then, alternatives apparently exist, and if not, humbrol's new "Clear" product, which I suspect is just rebottled floor polish). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WzaLUL3Ads
Yes, I'm aware of that, but in case people aren't aware. Some larger supermarkets also have it, but that seems to be an east coast thing.
Bottle fed brushes are siphon fed, which means that they generally (but not always) require higher operating pressures, correct alignment of the siphon to ensure proper feeding of paint, and can (but not always) uses more paint. Siphons/bottle feeds also depend on having a certain MINIMUM amount of paint in order for the feed to work. This means that any batch of paint you custom mix either (1) has to be used up in that single session, or (2) must be stored in an airtight container until the next session. This is not a problem if you spray paints without thinning and out of the bottle, but it's much more inconvenient if you spray a custom mix of thinned paint. Some modelers, even if they know the proper mixing ratios for a particular thinned paint, like to use the same batch because you know that that mixed batch will be consistent with itself, but not necessarily with another batch mixed to identical proportions. People use gravity feeds because they operate with lower pressures, can use a tiny drop or two of paint. For example, I used to use bottle feed. I usually had to use several ML of paint and thinner to meet the threshold for the bottle feed. Gravity feed (in a clean brush, mind) requires nothing more than a few drops into the paint channel and some thinner, and that should be enough. Unless you're coating large sections of a model, you're rarely going to fill that paint reservoir anyway. I use cheap chinese made airbrushes, and find them servicable (but seriously ,get a bettter one if you can afford it). The first one I bought had a pretty large cup (4 of 5 ccs, I think). The latest one? I bought a 2cc cup because honestly, I *never* spray enough paint to fill it anyway, so why bother? There are people who use bottle feeds and can get great results. Gravity feed is just a bit easier to use in my opinion. However, either one is fine.
My general order of assembly of the cockpit: 1. Paint the instrument panel whatever color it's supposed to be. 2. Paint the cockpit tub whatever color(s) it's supposed to be. 3. Pick out controls with silver/white highlights, detail paint the controls looking at reference photos where possible, use graphite dust as a highlighter where appropriate. 4. Put future floor polish mixed with the relevant clear color in the radar displays (it's not 100% accurate since powered off screens are black, but it's interesting to look at and a nice effect.) 5. Gloss coat ALL of the cockpit surfaces where decals will be placed. 6. Decal the instrument panel. If it's supposed to conform over bumps and knobs and actual surface detail, make sure to use decal setting solution or it won't stick properly. 7. Wait for the decal to dry. Then flat coat if appropriate. 8. Drop using a very small brush, future into the "glass" dials of the instrument panel. **The instrument panel should be decaled as a separate part where possible (easier to do it that way, since you'll have the most access to it) and then glued to the final cockpit tub. Your order is fine. I would leave the instrument panel OFF if it's separate, because it'll make it easier to place the decals (on a flat surface) instead of trying to wedge it into an already assembled cockpit.
Places to get sci fi kits. This really depends on what it is you want. Companies that make Sci Fi kits these days: Bandai (star wars) Revell Germany (they had star wars kits until recently those might be out of production now). Round 2 Models (lots of classic sci fi, Star trek, Star Wars, fictional spaceflight, some old aurora models of the classics era). Mobius models (BSG, various other sci fi and similar themes). Sites to purchase: Starshipmodeler.com store (you'll pay a bit of a premium for buying from the guy who runs the site; he has an integrated store and it used to be a very good website for sci fi modelers). He has everything from resin bits, to mainstream Japanese sci fi kits, to star wars kits and so on. You can search by subject, scale, material, etc. Culttvman Store. I've never shopped there, but it used to be a pretty good site that displayed builds and articles as well. Hobbylink Japan. Located in Japan, but which gets the latest and greatest as far as Japanese kits and sci fi are concerned. If you want a Bandai star wars kit, for example, they'll likely have it before everyone else. Federation Models. Another older site, which specialized in star trek models (including esoteric resin kits). Not sure how they are these days.
It's not necessary, nor required, nor a rule of this sub.
Nice job, nice build, and ha, the deadline's months away. Maybe a second entry?
One way is preshading. Paint the panel lines (and the darkened area you see) in a color like black. Paint the final color over it, taking care not to completely cover the black or until you see a similar shading of the panel lines and access hatches. This is generally possible only with an airbrush because of the control required to land paint into the correct panel lines, and to also selectively coat the final color on top of the shaded lines.
Use a wide brush, up to 1/4inch wide for the large areas, use small brushes for detail painting. Painting with a small brush will increase likelihood of brushstrokes that you won't like. Resin is not the same as plastic models. As listed by other submitters: 1. It can't be glued by regular plastic glue. Use Superglue/Cyanoacrylate. 2. It MUST be washed prior to painting or anything else you're doing, because it often is coated with silicone "grease"/lubricant that is used to make removing the finished resin item from molds easier. 3. It's much more brittle than plastic. 4. Primer's probably a good idea, i.e. a layer of gray, white, or similar paint (or specially formulated primer) so the final colors have something to stick to. Many tutorials can be found. "Building your first resin model" is the search parameter I used. http://www.oldmodelkits.com/blog/plasitc-model-kits-how-tos/how-to-build-resin-model-airplane-kits-resin-101/
And lower your expectations. Most people's first models are not the best. Honestly, since you're new at this and that's your favorite tank, you really should try building something else (or at least, PAINTING something else) before you try it on your prized model.
Always love these weird guys, who have no apparent sense of irony. However, the reviews are okay, and they do provide shots of what's in the box and the like. If you are of similar political opinions and you don't get offended if you don't share them, it's a resource. I think there are better ones out there, though. He does have quite a collection of models though.
That's a pretty good one. Steelnavy.com also had some decent reviews back in the day, but it looks like the site's been inactive for a while. If you can't navigate the site easily you can always try to search for it through a search engine by typing in the name/scale of the ship and then typing in the website name. There's also a "search within" website function on google that you can use. See e.g.: http://steelnavy.com/ReviewsChapters.htm Occasionally, cybermodeler will also provide in box previews of kits. See here. http://www.cybermodeler.com/naval.shtml It seems that many of the ship modelers with sites (that aren't personal blogs or have extensive collections) tend to have comparatively primitive navigation interfaces. Hope that helps.
I don't think that there's anything to be "careful" about, save for the fact that I (personally) find his political opinions misinformed, ironic, or rather silly. But to each his own. He's a guy who likes building models and does reviews of them, good for him. I guess it *might* be a problem if you're browsing his site at work, in which case your search history might start looking a little NSFW, or your webpage history if he hosts any popups. But then again, if you're browsing the internet at work and you don't have one of those super slow jobs where you have ample free time, then you might have larger problems in the first place.
Plastic: tamiya extra thin, Tenax 7R, testors liquid cement (it's liquid, not any kind of "gel"), and although I've not used it personally Plastruct Bondene. Of the list, I particularly prefer tamiya extra thin and Tenax. Both are *not* non toxic, and most solvent based plastic glues are not nontoxic. Alll of these work on the principle of providing a solvent that melts the plastic and the fuses the two parts to be joined together. It works ONLY for compatible plastics, most particularly for the polystyrene in plastic kits. Because these all dissolve plastic, NONE of them are non-toxic, and all of them have highly chemical smells to them. The non-toxic glue you're using does not use that kind of solvent, which is why it's non toxic. As you've discovered, it also doesn't stick things together very well. When using liquid cement, be aware: this stuff will get everywhere, and you are advised to use it sparingly. Tamiya's liquid cement (particularly extra thin, but a more thicker version in an orange bottle is also available) includes a brush integrated into the cap. If you ever drop a drop of this stuff onto a plastic surface, DO NOT touch it with your fingers, as the solvent will soften the plastic and leave fingerprint marks if you touch that area. Perhaps remove it with a tissue or something. How to use liquid cement: when joining surfaces such as fuselages, it's more like "flowing" the stuff into the gap and letting capillary action do the rest. Wood: Testors wood cement, titebond, PVA wood glue, and rare but still available, Ambroid cement. General guide on model glues: http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/materials/learn-glue/ For most people on this sub and plastic modelers NOT working with resin materials, the main relevant ones are: 1. Liquid cement. 2. Tube cement (there's very little reason to use this stuff, but some people like it.) 3. Canopy glues (usually, something made by a model company either is a form of white glue, or some solvent based types like Humbrol Clearfix).
This provides a highly detailed discussion on glues, but most importantly, on how to use liquid cement to join fuselages (discussing how to properly use the liquid cement to effectively weld parts together). http://www.arcair.com/tnt1/001-100/TNT068-gluing-Wilder/00.shtm
Pretty much. And his storage system for his many models, complete or otherwise is generously described as "inelegant."
I like Duke's idea. It also allows people to use spray paint, which is what a lot of beginners/non airbrush people use. I like this idea though in general.
It's quite a nice kit. Everything more or less fits properly, and the detail is pretty good for the scale. The starter set paints are pretty bad though. The best way I got them to work was mixing them with 50% tamiya clear, but that works only if you're airbrushing them.
An untreated canopy WILL fog if you use superglue, simple as that. Allegedly, a coat of future over the canopy will allow you to superglue it (but not use liquid cement) without fogging. I would test on clear sprue before you bet on that. I've seen it work and not work. If you don't want to risk it, then use white glue. It won't hold all that well, but if the model isn't handled that much, it'll be enough.
US, Amazon, particularly if you have a prime membership. Shipping is fast, and prices are variable, if you keep watch you can get real bargains. A lot of retailers also market through amazon too, even if you said you'd like to branch out. It has essentially taken over, from where I'm sitting, to the point where unless I need a specialty item, I can probably find it at the same price or from the same vendor on the site. SprueBrothers and Megahobby, for example, both sell on there, as does Phil's Hobby, which for whatever reason, does prime shipping so I use their Amazon storefront instead of their actual website, if there even is one. The only thing Amazon isn't particularly good for is supplies (paint, etc) unless ordered en masse, and aftermarket accessories like resin and photoetch tend to be vastly overpriced.
Retail organizations, in that case, Squadron (one of the better selections around), Megahobby (good selection), Freetime Hobbies. Sprue Brothers is pretty good too, and has one of the better selections, as well as live inventory.
The 1/32 kit is much more complicated. The 1/48 kit is very simple and easy to put together. I would recommend that one. The paint job is pretty simple too, mostly just silver (and then whatever decorative colors you choose depending on which aircraft you want to build.) http://www.hyperscale.com/2008/features/p51d48sm_1.htm. The fit is pretty great. barely any filling whatsoever to do, and it's relatively easy for a comparatively detailed model.
I cannot comment on accuracy, but this thread lists some alleged standard loadouts. http://www.ww2aircraft.net/forum/weapons-systems-tech-/heinkel-111-3-6-16-bombloads-36445.html
Doesn't seem that way, after shipping, but I also haven't bought from them in a while. At least it seemed in the old days they made it up on the backend. Squadon also is pretty guilty of this, and they still do it. The selection *is* very good though.
Squadon is rather famous for that, which makes them something you recommend for large orders, but not small ones. For small ones, any savings you get get swallowed up by shipping costs, but if you have a large purchase list it can be worth your while. Shipping to Canada might be different though, that's for sure. Shipping things cross border seems far more expensive than it really should (at least as far as Canada is concerned). Hannants is also very good and the selection is quite good.
&gt; I've run into complete peaceniks who said I was a war monger for building death machines and I've always responded with "those who forget history are doomed to repeat it." You might, then, find this interesting. H.G. Wells, famous peacenik, was well known for playing wargames, and some attribute the modern wargaming with miniatures in part to his efforts. Of course, he also wasn't always a pacifist either. Point is, even pacifists play with war toys, and those who criticize it, well, that's their business. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Wars See also the open source copy of the book: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/3691 Again, the point is, doesn't really matter how you justify it. You can be a peacenik and still play with wartoys. But that's what they are, and no amount of rationalization will get around what the subject ultimately is. Also, while I would personally find hanging up a nazi flag strange, it isn't *that* strange if you think about it. It's not all that far from memorabilia collectors hanging up flags of various military units, displaying medals, and god knows what else. Think of it this way: you really think someone who LOST their side of the war would so favorably view say, an American flag hoisted up in some militaria collector's house? Or a Rising Sun pennant? Or perhaps a flag from the Crusades? It cuts both ways. This hobby in one fashion or another replicates many, many war machines, and for whatever reason, many, many *GERMAN* war machines. https://archive.org/details/littlewarsgamefo00well
It's perfectly fine to leave them off. Sounds like a paper project anyway, so then pick the load you think is appropriate, and move on.
Yes. If you suck at painting, the best way to learn how to not suck at it is....practice painting. That said, if you just like building models, well, it's your model. That's up to you. However, the reason why kits are molded in the base color is so that people don't *have* to paint them if they don't want to.
Also, not gluing means that any area where the join is imperfect, or where there is a seam line, it will be visible. While painting doesn't *automatically* solve this problem, it certainly will be more noticeable if you don't paint, unless the kit is very cleverly engineered, and you're a very, very neat builder who never uses a single drop of glue more than necessary.
Unfortunately, the best answer is a local hobby shop, if available. The one I use next is usually Megahobby, or I just loop it into large orders. Freetime Hobbies I might also have done once or twice. Supplies, unfortunately, especially paints and solvents generally must be shipped by surface mail, so they are slow to arrive. HOWEVER. For whatever reason, if you like AK, Vallejo, or Mig Ammo products, those are available in large lots on Amazon, or in individual "booster packs" as they are marketed these days (e.g. "Allied Tank Colors" or "German Panzer Colors" or "Panzer Aces Colors Pack." Because those paints are waterbased, they tend to be available for fast shipping. For Tamiya, Enamels, and similar, expect to wait for surface shipping. Some places might ship them at low prices, but genearlly, when ordering supplies online, you would probably be best suited to come up with either a piggyback purchase, or buy at least several at once. For me, I have Amazon Prime and I can get AK/Vallejo paints shipped via two day. I can't get that for Tamiya paints, or at least, not without paying extra. See e.g. http://www.amazon.com/Vallejo-Colors-Model-Paint-17ml/dp/B009LQPSBA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435217235&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=vallejo+air
One way to do it is to use a brush coated layer of Mr. Surfacer 500 (or other thick primer) and use a brush to stipple it onto the model.
The answer to that is I should've also said: Get a can of flat (spray is probably better) for after you finish decaling. So it would go like this: 1. Build, paint parts using common sense, i.e. consider prepainting parts that would be difficult to reach once installed or hard to mask. 2. Gloss coat with Future, Klear (the floor polish stuff), or Humbrol Clear. 3. Decal, using solutions if you wish. 4. Seal the decal coat with a flat coat. 5. Weather using your weathering fluids/powders, whatever. 6. Possibly a final flat coat to seal in the weathering. Tamiya paints are good only if you have an airbrush. They are infamous for being difficult to brush paint properly. Not until you get an airbrush, I'm afraid. The only person who provides a tutorial that I like for brush painting tamiya paints is this guy https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/ But I still don't recommend it for a beginner. Humbrol enamels are supposed to be pretty good to work with. Generally however, try to apply thin coats if you're brush painting as opposed to one thick one, and build up the color. This is precisely what Tamiya acrylics are bad at; they strip off the underlying layer when you try to put on the second layer unless you really know what you're doing or have the right thinning ratio. Brush painting tutorial: http://www.finescale.com/~/media/import/files/pdf/c/f/9/basicsofbrushpainting.pdf A good hand brush paint is Model Master Acrylic, but ONLY if you use a enamel or other primer for it, or it WILL lift off when you try to mask/use masking tape on it. Tamiya paint is good, but only if it's sprayed. Some people can get it to brush paint well, but the vast majority of users I've ever run into never brush paint it because it has unfavorable properties for it. Yes, the clearcoat I recommended will make it glossy. However, for decal application, this is *desirable*. You can always flat coat after you finish decaling, which is what most people do. Otherwise, you risk "silvering." A detailed description is at this link. http://uamf.org.uk/faq/decal.html I have built that zero before. This is my attempt at it. I gave up on the starter set paint though. The only way to make that stuff work is to mix it 50-50 with Tamiya Clear, and then to spray it. Out of the bottle, it's garbage. http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/ http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/ I, however, did use an airbrush for most of this, aside from probably the wheels, the engine, and the interior of the cockpit, which is why it looks so splotchy. The interior of the cockpit I think I used the included paint which like I said, is utter garbage.
Depending on what shape or area you're trying to hollow out, a sanding stick will work, or a needle file.
The other, much less precise way to do it is to use overly thick layers of paint of the base color, then stipple, but basically what you're doing then is calling your brush marks the texture. Mr. Surfacer should work okay; it doesn't eat plastic. Use a wide brush, instead of a very small one, and it should work fine. It's a commonly used technique. A thick acrylic medium might also work, but having never tried it, I can't swear by it.
Some people have discussed this. Personally, I find most of these techniques use paints and solvents that are far too hot for what I'd want to use. http://www.armorama.com/modules.php?op=modload&amp;name=SquawkBox&amp;file=index&amp;req=viewtopic&amp;topic_id=187454
You can probably use it as a wash. The reason why people tend not to use the same paint for their wash as their primary layer is because the thinner will attack the paint. If the new layer (washes, filters) do not chemically react in any way to the cured paint underneath, that's what you use. The rest of it is just whatever artist material/pigment carrier is easiest to work with or has the most desirable working properties. Would I recommend doing it over a layer of acrylic? Not unless at minimum it's sealed with a coat of future. The alternative is also to use watercolors, which is what I use. I hate messing with oil paint because of the smell, and while the drying time is an advantage and the translucency is also helpful, it's infinitely easier cleanup (and easy rework) with watercolors. Just make sure to use a drop of alcohol or a touch of dish soap to break surface tension. Short answer: yes. Long answer: you're probably better off trying to find something other than the actual paint you're already using to wash it, because if you mess up, you'll end up using solvents that would strip off the underlying layer, or risk interacting with the cured paint. Alternatively, try a commercially available enamel wash.
Any build review would've listed this: Tamiya's website might also have relevant color callouts for their models. However, if you don't have an airbrush I'd convert it to another brand, as they do not brush paint well. http://modelingmadness.com/review/allies/us/cleavermust3.htm
The airbrush I use costs about that much. There are some compromises. 1. They are definitely not precision machined, at least, no more than is absolutely necessary. Expect less precision, more slop, not as finely polished surfaces. (In fact, if I were to buy another one, the first thing I'd do is open it up, diassemble it, lube and polish all parts I think would interfere with the trigger and valve). 2. They need to be kept religiously cleaned, and require more maintenance per session. Why? My theory is that the less precise, rougher machining (and some design flaws) make it easier for paint to catch onto rough surfaces of the nozzle, needle, and tip, making tip dry a bigger problem than with other brushes that are more expensively lined. 3. Are they servicable? If you keep them religiously clean, clean them and strip it down each session (the nozzle, needle, tip, nozzle head), then they work just fine. But if you don't clean it, it will jam a lot faster than everything else. 4. Spare parts are "expensive" relative to the cost of the brush. It's rarely ever worth it to say, buy a new needle, you might as well buy a new brush and have some spare parts.
it means anything in 1/72 (usually) or smaller. Harder to work with because it's a smaller scale. Another good 1/48 kit is the Revell Monogram F/A-18E models. Good fit, super cheap to buy.
wait, are these those oval holes used for venting ballast tanks? The other way is to drill a few holes using a dremel or something, then fill in the hollow "straight" areas with a file. Try on sheet plastic or scrap before you risk your model though. Same principle. Beware heating from the drill bit melting plastic though. With a pin vise, this is not going to happen, but it's so damned tedious. In any case, if you're looking to hollow out all those holes, it's still going to be tedious. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I_UJNaKcbc
There is a simple solution to all this. Make sure (1) your paintjob isn't too rough. If it's too rough, sand it down as you said, using the higher grits as mentioned. You can even polish with a bit of toothpaste on a rag, taking care not to burn through the paint. Micro set is supposed to help it lay down flat, yes, but on a glossy surface, it's even better. Microl SOL is a solvent that is designed basically, for better or worse, to *melt* your decal straight onto the surface, to make it snuggle into the panel lines, etc, etc. If you ever see a decal that is between a panel line, and you see it fully recessed and wonder "how did they do that" the answer is almost certainly MicroSol, Solvaset, or any number of decal setting solutions. MicroSet is more of a surface preparation, which frankly, I bought a bottle once, but I never use. I instead prepare a gloss surface using gloss clear paint, or future, and then decal on top of it. *ideally*, the surface should be shiny and glass smooth, but it doesn't *have* to be. Decal quality also varies by kit. The best decals are generally italian made, and even better if they're from Cartograph, a particular company well known for making high quality, easy to work with decals. You can keep sanding and polishing, and it *will* help. But a gloss coat will be an easier solution, as long as you weren't too rough with your initial color paintwork. 2. Then, the simple solution: spray a gloss coat, wait to dry, or use future floor polish as your "micro set" before placing the decal. 3. Micro sol DOES help, but you're missing the point. The reason why you have silvering problems on a matte finish is because the paint (if you magnify it with a microscope or magnifying glass) is because the texture is not nearly as smooth as a good gloss paint would have on it. Everything everyone else said so far about air bubbles is sound. The reason why decals silver is because there are microbubbles trapped underneath the decal. Set is supposed to help probably break surface tension and try to "suck in" the decals to the microbubbles. However, think about it. What's easier to do? Doing that to a smooth surface, or a micro-pebbly one made by the matte paint/sealer? Sol, when applied after the decal is placed, will also help it conform and partially deals with the problem, but it won't "push out" air bubbles that are already trapped there. Sol should generally be applied only after the decal has been placed in final position. There's a reason for this. Once you put on sol, you should not move the decal at all, and it might even wrinkle as it's drying. The wrinkles will almost always settle themselves out as the decal gets more tightly pasted to the surface. Touch that decal, and it might disintegrate, turn into a melted mess, or what have you. If you ever have a chance, compare the dried texture of matte paint versus gloss paint. You'll notice a very distinct difference. One will be "rougher" than the other.
If anyone else does differently, please do chime in. I am *not* saying my method is best, but that's the one generally recommended as far as I know, and it's the one I use. My bottle of set hasn't left the shelf in a few years. The order I use is this: 1. Build the kit, prepaint whatever parts you like. 2. Prime the model, usually with Tamiya sky gray because i use acrylic paints, fill, sand, etc. 3. Apply preshading, if needed. 4. Apply the base color coat. 5. Postshade, if you wish. 6. Polish if the paint is rough, but this is super rare. 7. GLOSS COAT. I use future floor polish, but acceptable alternatives are spray gloss coatings, gloss varnish, etc. Wait for the coating to dry. 8. Decal. Use either future, or microset (if you want) as the surface preparation, then after decaling, hit the decals with Solvaset or MicroSol. After the decals have dried, use a brush and water to remove the decal setting solution residue. 9. FLAT COAT, this is where your matte coating would matter. Sometimes, prior to this coat I also use another coat of gloss or future to help blend the surface together a bit. 10. Weather. 11. Seal with another flat coat if I want it.
Fill gaps and seams, then shoot primer. The primer coat will then alert you to any remaining imperfections and seam lines. Fix those, resand, then reprime. It may well be the case, yes, that multiple coats of gloss and matte do affect the color a bit, but I find that the effect is small enough not to worry about, and worst case, some people account for this by either using slightly darker or lighter paint (i.e. mixing in a touch of white or whatever). I personally find that the effect is nearly nil, so I don't bother with it, I just gloss then decal then flat, and it looks fine. The only tonal variations I would use is for preshading and postshading, or to introduce shadows into corners and things like that. And yes, they do take priority because you're likely to just sand off the primer anyway when you're done filling and sanding the gaps. I don't actually use real primer. I use XF-19 sky gray because I find it to be easy to spray and work with, and I know that the paint I'm likely to use (Model master acrylic) will adhere to that without lifting when I mask complex patterns. Primer is best sprayed, or done with a paint that is very good for brushing purposes.
Model Master acrylic flat. I spray it through an airbrush.
I would recommend, if you're already using humbrol products, to buy a can of their flat instead.
ALL the things. Statistically you'll see aircraft from me more often, but I build anything. Planes, ships, cars, tanks, rockets, model locomotives (working or otherwise), sci fi, you name it, I'll probably consider it. The only ones I don't really like are anatomical models or similar.
For the jamming problem: Always spray thinner (alcohol, in the case of Tamiya acrylics) after cleaning. Each time I use that brush, I remove the the needle, clean that (usually a rinse is enough unless you waited too long), run water and alcohol through the paint cup, clean the nozzle (after detaching it). To prevent jamming problems, I would do this EVERY SESSION. This is what I mean by more tedious maintenance. It doesn't take long, but it is annoying. Screw it all back together, then blast a bit more thinner through it. Q-tip and alcohol to clean the dried paint in the cup.
if you aren't so insistent on having a six wheel vehicle, the Stryker Mobile Gun System in 1/35 might fit. In theory, you could. But it wouldn't represent anything that I can think of, and further, that would assume that the turret from one vehicle is a drop in fit for another, which even in the same vehicle family, is probably a dubious proposition.
Gunmetal for WWII era, unless there is an intention to weather to incorporate mud, heavy mud, snow, etc. I happen to think many models unless situated in a diorama are too heavily weathered (in the tracks) so I generally leave it to look somewhat worn, but also not coated in mud. Nato black/gunmetal highlights for modern era tracks, again subject to exceptions for rust, heavy mud, snow. Nato black for the track pads, gunmetal/jetexhaust/steel for the linkages. Guide horns and the like in modern armor, if not in muddy situations or heavily worn, also in gunmetal. Grayish wash occasionally used for worn rubber patterns, but easily overdone. Rinaldi in Tankart 3 (whose talents are far beyond anything I can do at the moment or have inclination to do), one example: Dark steel/gray mix, followed by heavily thinned rust colored paint, randomly applied via a sponge. "Planned" randomness is useful. Looking too uniform becomes very obvious. It looks very good. As for me: Wash on completed track sections and road wheels is typically a mud/sludge wash of payne's gray/raw umber watercolors. Sludge/gray washes are also used to highlight road wheel hubcaps, etc. Pigments are ground up pastels, largely of the same shades with some variations mixed in. Some highlights, esp for WWII models (also used occasionally on gunbarrels and gunmetal surfaces) are ground up graphite from pencils, and occasionally, directly applied by rubbing the tip of the pencil against wear areas. My armor models tend to be lightly weathered, and I don't slather on the pigments and oil stains. Washes typically used include: Mix of Payne's Gray/Raw Umber into a mud-like color, which is a subjective, case by case determination. Some rust-colored drybrushing, but rare, and almost always in reference to a reference photo.
what chips, gearboxes, and so on, sprocket mounts?
See /u/Gewehr43's comment below.
This is an old project I just took some photos of. 1/72 Revell Nashorn, painted in standard dunkelgelb with some preshading. It's a bit shiny because I never bothered to apply a flat coat to it (I was still messing with the weathering and the like when I stopped working on it). Just taking some new photos of it since I saw it on a shelf and it'd been sitting there for a while gathering dust. The book below it is Michael Rinaldi's Tankart 3 for modern armor, which I recently bought. It's a very good book. A bit expensive, but recommended. The kit itself is very enjoyable to build, but is also very delicate, which for someone like me who prefers building, is actually preferable. Lots of very small parts that can easily be broken or damaged during removal from the sprues. The gun and tracks constitute the vast majority of the parts. The gun itself is probably a good third to a half of the full parts count of the kit; the tracks are a mix of link and length, which were tedious to assemble but fit very well. Yes, I am aware of the damage to the gun shields. I didn't realize just how thin they really were, so the flush cutter damaged them and I decided to leave them as is. Washes are done with a mix of watercolors, and graphite from pencils. Colors used were raw umber, paynes gray, and occasionally, a touch of burnt sienna, but it's largely too bright to use. Tracks are gunmetal with graphite highlights. I didn't put much rust or anything to them before stopping the project. The wheels are a bit messier than I'd like, but this was an early attempt to try to use circle templates to paint road wheels. I was and remain less than impressed. It wasn't that much more convenient than painting it by hand, and the results were far less precise. Paint order: 1. Tamiya Sky Grey primer coat. 2. NATO black preshading and shadowing. 3. Sand Yellow layer with 50% thinned paint. 4. Future Coat, then decals. The Solvaset reacted a bit with the future coat, causing some clouding, which was solved by spraying another coat of future after waiting a day for it to evaporate out a bit. 5. Second future coat. 6. Watercolor washes and graphite highlights. Silver drybrushing on the periscope.
You paint it after. It's not quite like paper mache, no. It's closer to a kind of "glue/paper" composite material, or a very primitive kind of "plastic." Mix the white glue and water at least 50-50, paint it over the paper. As it tries it'll harden into something stiffer than paper mache and then it can be painted, gloss coated, whatever. You then cover with primer, then cover with paint, then cover with washes for shadows of your choice.
I have this volume on my shelf, which is a fun reference work, even if the vast majority of the techniques are vastly outdated. It's cheap to buy, is useful reading anyway, and provides some interesting insights into historical views on weathering and the like. Something that's of partial relevance to your question: http://www.amazon.com/Modelmakers-Handbook-Albert-Jackson/dp/0394507886/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435634876&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+modelmaker%27s+handbook "Blast bags are often molded on a tank where the gun barrel meets the turret. On large-scale tanks, you can improve the texture by painting diluted white glue onto the molding and applying coarse tissue to follow the contours of the with a brush and more glue, but do not apply so much that the texture is lost. Blast bags can also be added . . . using epoxy putty." The best part is, not a single mention of future, weathering powders, etc; this is really a different era. If you want to go the epoxy putty route, use something like Milliput. If I were doing this, I'd use repurposed poster putty, cognizant of the fact that it will never solidify, which means you can't touch it after it's installed and painted. The alternatives are (1) non-shrink putty or clay of some kind, (2) the tissue and glue method. Another possibility is Perfect Plastic Putty, which does not react with the plastic. Using a large blob of things like Tamiya White, or Squadron White/Green putty, however, risks eating the plastic because they are all solvent based, and the drying times for a "blob" of putty will be quite long. There's surely more out there, but that's one of several ways to do it.
Very nice.
Very nice! Looks like a pretty complex build. In case you're ever interested in smaller scale ships, the 1/700 Slava Cruiser and 1/700 USS Momsen is also very good. The latter includes photoetch for the masts and some railings. Ooo, the Z-38. I bought the 1/700 equivalent, took one look at the box and went: "okay, I can't bend this 1mm fold for the ladders or masts.." (puts it away).
Depends on the size. For major creases like you see in a mantlet, probably just any kind of probe like a toothpick strategically dragged across the surface making indentations similar to the reference photos you have available. It's part of the reason why I'd do it in poster putty in 1/72. Trying to sculpt a mass of glue soaked paper is not exactly a race against time, but it means that if you don't get it right, you can't rework it after it dries, unless you soak it in more water, or add more layers. While the resulting mantlet canvas cover would never set, I also have infinite reworkability until I am happy with it, after which I leave it alone. The suggestions by everyone else offer a second alternative, which is to get the favorable working properties of the epoxy putty (i.e. it's like clay, work it as such to include the folds you're looking for), and then it'll set on its own, permanently fixing the result. Out of the three, if you want a permanent result the best bet is probably an epoxy putty of some kind.
Also, looking at the size of what you're trying to do (I googled a Firefly mantlet), you're probably better off using a putty or similar. However, it's a close call because if you are building in 1/72 scale, it might be small enough for a paper construction to be self supporting. I'd change the glue ratio to something with more glue and less water though.
That demographic survey might be pretty interesting.
You mean like these guys? http://www.aircraftresourcecenter.com/Gal9/8301-8400/gal8347-JMNs-Petrie/00.shtm
Also fun: "Hitler uses the Wrong AK Interactive Wash" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PJaMaEf4ZY
Ah, sorry to hear that. I'm glad to hear that it wasn't the shop I was thinking of though, out in the east.
Enjoy it. It has a pretty old school feel. Has some display cases as well, though they aren't as well populated anymore. Also, if you want a *big* kit, that place carries some.
I'd say this is also one of the newbie friendlier forums, too.
Do explain. Do you have photos, and how did that 35rc chip work out?
What is the killer two year project? And nice job.
I was asking you that question because I thought a shop I went to was going out of business. The address you mentioned is nowhere near where I thought it was, so my shop *might* be safe. It's listed as permanently closed on google, though .
Very impressive.
You might like this: http://www.amazon.com/Bandai-Hobby-E-F-G-F-M61A5-Battle/dp/B001M5BK6A/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1451686160&amp;sr=8-5&amp;keywords=bandai+1%2F35
where did you find a Tiger for 100?
I like the sotar, but I do detail painting and fine line work. It has relatively low capacity for an airbrush, but has very fine control. It is not a beginner's airbrush, and needs careful maintenance to prevent damage. It's really more for illustrators than it is for modelmakers. I used a G23 prior to that (yes, I use cheap master airbrushes). I would probably recommend an Iwata CN (they retail for about 50 dollars on amazon). I did not, however, find the difficulties he mentions. I've put undiluted tamiya through it, though Vallejo didn't work that way. That is not recommended practice, but just a counterpoint. I echo, however, that it's really not a beginner's airbrush. I also did not find it particularly hard to clean; in fact, usually, I just flush the cup with solvent/water, and then spray until clear with solvent. I use mainly tamiya, model master acrylic, and vallejo on occasion. Until the Sotar, I was using a Master G23, which requires a very extensive takedown process each time. I also used for a while a pointzero 2cc airbrush, located here. I would recommend not getting a crown cap if you do get one. http://www.amazon.com/PointZero-Precision-Dual-Action-Gravity-feed-Airbrush/dp/B004KNBVVK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1451782104&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=pointzero+airbrush+2cc
It has very fine control and the trigger is very nice. I recommend it, but honestly, I learned a lot using a cheap airbrush and now can appreciate how much better it really is compared to a cheap chinese airbrush. It's not as good if you work in large scales, because laying down primer will take forever, or large surfaces.
Is the Alclad stuff lacquer based?
It works, but OP, be careful, that stuff is seriously nasty.
Tamiya kits are generally well regarded, have good fit, etc. Their Fletcher class destroyers are generally considered to be good introductions. Trumpeter also makes a large collection of 1/700 ships, but expect to do a lot of detail painting on those. If you're talking about sailing ships, it's really hard to recommend those to a beginner, since a lot of them are from very old molds (the Revell Constitution for example, dates back to somewhere around the late fifties or early sixties, if I recall, and is a good kit, but hard to build). I have tried building the USS Momsen (Arleigh Burke Class) from Hobby Boss in 1/700, and the fit is good, but you need to be able to work with (or just omit, really) photoetched parts. I would generally avoid "box scale" (that is, in odd scales, not 1/700, 1/200, 1/350) kits from Revell and American manufacturers, as often those are quite old and have fit problems.
If you want wooden ships, however, look for the beginner's lines for Constructo, Mamoli, Artesina Latina, Billings Boats (now defunct, but they made kits for decades so there's plenty of old stock left). A good start might also be the Midwest series of ships (wooden kits, with precut frames in some cases). For beginners, some of the kits come with precarved hulls, or ABS plastic molded hulls; you then install the bulkheads, deck, and details. Many of the brands I listed above carry models of racing yachts that have precarved or otherwise partially prefabricated hulls. Otherwise, you'll have to use planks on bulkheads, or frames, and build the hull yourself from the plans.
Also, the nozzle cap, DO NOT overtighten. The cap should be tightened only as far as you can start to feel the o-ring compress. If you overtighten, for whatever reason (I didn't bother to examine why), it'll constrict paint flow and cause the problems you just described. Also, your nozzle cap might be dirty. Soak/submerge it in thinner to see if there aren't particles or dried paint blocking it.
Can you specify what kind of pigments are these? I'd love to look for these in a local art store.
http://www.ipms-css.org/?page_id=35
Hypothetically, it might work on some level, especially plastic fading, but that's bare plastic, not necessarily painted plastic. Also, most effects would probably be massively out of scale. Water stains don't scale; it's the same reason why even if I painted the tank with the exact shade or even batch of paint from the tank I'm modelling, it might look too dark. Think of how rain might work. The raindrop would be the size of a small bucket in 1/35 scale.
The Sherman. The reason is because you can get away with a much sloppier paint job than you can on that zero and still have it look decent, it's also arguably simpler, because that's a one color tank plus the gunmetal colors for the MG. Supplies can be had from Jan's Hobby Shop, upper east side, NY. I would recommend a can of spray primer (tamiya), then a bottle or three of Model Master Acrylic paints, which brush well if you don't want to airbrush. I painted this FA/18E (in 1/144 scale) using model master acrylic paints. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/ This is much slower than spraying and airbrushing, though. I live in NYC as well. I am really slammed at work right now, but if you want to talk models at some point, PM me.
Xacto number 11 blades and metal holder. For really precise or delicate work a swann Morton scalpel.
Generally, you don't. You wait until as late as possible to put those things on to prevent them breaking. If it's already attached (pitot tubes, antennas) that are molded on the model, what I tend to do is very carefully cut them off, then save them and reglue later.
Looks pretty good for the brush painting. If anything, I'd seriously consider redoing those invasion stripes. It really detracts from a model that otherwise has a pretty solid camo paintjob. Use masking tape. It looks like you might have, but it bled through. I'd either touch those up or redo them. I'd probably redo. Use your finger to press the tape down firmly to prevent bleeds like that, and also try to avoid brushing too heavily along the masking tape to prevent bleeds like the ones you see in the photos.
As my tag says..build *all* the things. I have preferred scales, but I build any scale whatsoever. The inconsistencies does occasionally lead to "why did I do this" questions, but what I plan to do is put them in display case(s) by scale and theme. When I shift scales, I tend to have a theme in mind, or a reason why I want to do that in a larger scale. For example, I would have several 1/144 aircraft, but in that case, the reason is because I have a model of an AWACS and I want its fighter escort to also be built; in that case, building in a larger scale would make it too large (or flat out impossible) to display.
I have maybe three times that in inventory...I think I might have a problem.
Not sure which is worse, but you could also use isopropyl alochol. Ammonia is probably cheaper per gallon though. If you use tamiya in the future though, 91% alcohol also works as a convenient alternative to their thinners.
Oh, I meant more like the stuff you get in stores to clean surfaces with (not premixed like windex) but sure, same thing.
That also works, to be fair. Without tools that's just what I have to do. I usually flush the paint cup before I even do this, so that's something I probably should have mentioned. However, if the needle travel is limited, then eventually, you do need to remove the needle. Just remove the needle after spraying the brush clean.
There are better kits out there. Until recently, Guillows was infamous for overly heavy "die crushed" wood, and engineering that is at best, primitive and requires some level of redesign for better flight characteristics. If you want a wooden model (in fact, in your grandfather's era, that would've been a pretty common hobby, so it might appeal to his sense of nostalgia), there better known manufacturers are: Diel's Engineering (some laser cut, some not). Dumas (lots of laser cut kits). Easy Built Models (a mix of laser cut, "printwood" (that you cut out yourself) kits). Golden Age Reproductions (they sell plans, kits that only include printwood (i.e. the patterns for bulkheads/parts are printed onto wood and you have to cut them out yourself). Aside from the laser cut Guillows kits, they are pretty much the last choice on the list. I did hear good things about their SE5a (laser cut) though. Wooden ships are rarely inexpensive, but might appeal to your grandfather. Major brands include: Billings Boats (now defunct, but stock remains) Artesina Latina Corel Mamoil Mantua (harder to find these days) Model Shipways A number of these manufacturers make models of racing yachts. Some of these are very simple, some are complex, multiple year projects (these tend to cost a lot more). 80 quid is not going to buy you much in the way of model ship though, but you might find a deal here or there. Here's a link (it's just one I happen to know, there are many more places): |http://www.alwayshobbies.com/model-boats/model-boat-display-kits
Yes. Most model press will moan endlessly about how "toylike" anything with motorization is. This is not entirely untrue. Models that are motorized generally have to make compromises on the dimensions and fit to work effectively as a motorized model. As a result, "scale modelers" decry that as making toys instead of models. Motorization is definitely in the minority these days but was once in vogue. Especially since modelmakers in the old days were lots of kids who would find play value in it. Tell some joyless modelling nazi that today and he would look at you with derision or have a stroke at how many details you sacrificed to make a working model. Tamiya released their wwi tank as motorized and a lot of articles harped on how that was such an odd choice or implied it was not a value added feature but just threatens to make their precious model too toylike. Evidently the only kinds of models the model press and some old blokes on armorama like is the kinds that are accurate down to which Russian welder in tank factory 65 on a full ration of borscht did with one faulty wrench on Wednesday December 16, 1942. I exagerrate. But yes its highly unpopular these days. Just think of all the people bemoaning vnyil tyres in kits. Same idea. Or rubber band tracks. Do they have less detail? Sometimes yes, and for good reason. But even so.
Which do you prefer?
Maybe you got a bad one, because fit seemed fine. The only hard part was the conformal tanks. However, it does have tight fit tolerances on the fuselage (particularly the nose and fuselage/intakes join) that requires very precise fitting. I fit it by pressing the nose and rear fuselage together with the force of a table. The airbrake fit might also be better, but otherwise, it's a pretty easy to build kit. Further, plenty of modern kits have canopy seams on the top edge, including for revell germany kits, and is particularly common on modern, 1/48 scale or larger aircraft, allegedly becuase it allows the slightly bowed out shape of modern canopies. Those are easily polished out. But that's fair, maybe later moldings have poor fit. Just look up reviews online, but the revell USA strike eagle is one of the more modern offerings aside from the super hornet, which also is quite good. See e.g. http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/techniques/remove-scratches-defects-clear-parts/ (discussing the Revell Eurofighter and seam removal) Compare: http://www.hyperscale.com/2011/features/mirage2000b48me_1.htm (noting that "*Blown canopies* in model kits require slide mould technology and usually leave a seam line down the middle of the canopy that has to be removed"). See also, on a Tamiya kit, no less: http://www.hyperscale.com/2008/reviews/kits/tamiya61101reviewbg_1.htm
Brand new/super sharp x-acto blade, carefully shaving the part. It's very slow, very tedious, but doable. Sometimes, that's not enough, in which case I sometimes switch down to either a one of those square razor blades, which are even sharper, or a surgical scalpel (hobbyist version; I use swann mortons out of the UK and I use them for instances where the part is very delicate, the blade needs to be absolutely razor sharp, etc. In fact, I usually don't use the swann morton in everyday use because it's kind of wasted for regular cutting; an x-acto will do just fine).
Also, armor is probably the easiest to start with aside from aircraft. Maybe a 1/35 Leopard 2A4NL, which you can paint in one solid color (aside from the road wheels, headlights, and machine guns) in olive drab or whatever, and is large enough not to have tons of delicate parts. Aircraft wise, the list I said below probably isn't bad. I'd also add the 1/72 Horten HO-229 to the list, as it's quite simple to build, relatively simple shapes, etc.
1/48 Revell MQ-9 Reaper, apparently formerly of Skunkworks models. Easy to put together, mostly good fit, separate wheel hubs and tires (makes for zero masking to paint the wheels, which while easy, is also quite tedious). Super quick to build, highly recommended. I hear the prop is actually in the wrong direction, but this is a quick fun build, so I won't bother fixing it. This is after about 3 hours of work; preshade in NATO black, top layer is a Tamiya light gray, which will be followed by a light blue dusting, then XF-19. Yes, I know that's not 100% accurate, but again, it's "close enough" for a weekend build. Also, I'm using it to experiment with multiple color shading, so it's not super important that my model match a paint chip. Paint shot through a Badger Sotar 20/20. A very good brush, though not really for beginners (it's really cheap on Amazon, I picked it up over the holidays), good low pressure working characteristics. Paint is undiluted tamiya acrylics, selected because honestly, it's the easiest to use, best adhesion, and dries quickly. Up next is the underside coat, blue shades to the upper side, sky gray/FS light gray colors on the topside, gloss goat, and then decals. Hoping to complete the airframe over the weekend. I couldn't care less about when the bombs and stuff get done; they are of little to no interest to me and many of my models don't include ordnance. The other project I'm working on is a Stug III (the anime one), but a morning of bending little brackets to the correct shape tested my patience, so I switched to this for a while.
I used to use them. Good adhesion compared to some acrylics, and when thinned, sometimes easier to brush paint. If you're in the states, easy to obtain, as most stores that sell models (even non-hobby) tend to have a rack of enamels available as craft paint. Otherwise, I switched to acrylics long ago. The smell is really bad, the cleanup is more tedious, and it's even worse to airbrush, though some people swear by the results. That is to say, it airbrushes very well, it just has a noxious smell and I live in an apartment.
That is a technique commonly used by many modelers right now called "preshading." What you're seeing is a primer coat of XF-19 Sky gray, with XF-69 nato black sprayed along areas of either (1) shadow, (2) along panel lines of the aircraft, (3) maintenance and access panels of the aircraft. The reason this is done is because those areas will look slightly different than the other areas of the aircraft. On some aircraft, panels that are regularly removed have a slightly different (darker or lighter) shade than the rest of what would otherwise be a uniformly colored airplane. This effect is more noticeable on some aircraft than others (look for example at a RNLAF/Danish Air Force F-16 A and you'll see the shading differences). This is designed to emulate that. Here, I'm doing this mostly because it adds a bit of color contrast, even if it's not particularly faithful to scale, because a monotone model can be visually boring to look at. After the black dries, you spray the final color coats over it, while spraying the paint thin enough to leave the black somewhat visible underneath it. The final effect creates some shading variations along what would otherwise be a uniform color, and also, in the way I'm doing it, provides some emphasis to the control surfaces of the aircraft and its hinges (those lines along the back edge of the wings, stabilizer).
The use of the technique is currently widely accepted, particularly in the model making magazines and press. There is some backlash against using it, the most colorful version i've heard comparing it to someone wearing too much makeup and looking gaudy or overdone. In this case, I'm doing this as a testbed because this is a quick and painless build for me, compared to some of the stuff I am doing that is comparatively more tedious; it's also an experiment to see if shading the panels in blue and then the final color will create an appealing contrast. Here's an example of a real world photo of models that could use preshading, in an F-5E and F-16. http://www.f-16.net/g3/var/resizes/f-16-photos/album37/album20/acn.jpg?m=1371914854 http://airheadsfly.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Switzerland_F5_Tiger.jpg Here's a version of it done to a Tamiya F-16 http://tamiyamodelmagazine.com/blog/2012/09/24/132-tamiya-f-16cj-block-50/| Note that this effect can be easily overdone, but in some cases, it might be worthwhile anyway. I happen to think as a matter of personal opinion, it's often overdone and looks garish if done wrong. Here's an example of it being overdone (from Revell Germany's own promotional photos). Look at those black bands around the various panels of the airframe. That's when it's overdone. I also happen to think the current movement of "let's wear down our tanks and make every last tank chipped, cracked, muddy, and making looking like it stumbled out of a seedy bar at 2am after a bar brawl" is also overdone, but the techniques are useful to learn. It makes you think about lighting, shadow, how things would appear if this thing were full size. Good books to learn *that* from are the magazines, or Rinaldi's TankArt (which doesn't as heavily rely on any particular brand or series of products for his effects). http://www.revell.de/en/products/model-building/aircraft/military-modern/id/04703.html
Actually, some people say that the slow cure time is actually a benefit; allows them to do blending and work on the paint in a manner you just can't really do with acrylics unless you use retarders and even then, some say the working properties are just not as good. Oil paint is even slower, which is why it's still often preferred for figure painting, that and it's very good for blending.
Beautiful work. Finishing details? How well does it fly?
They are HO scale logging locomotives; one is a shay, the other is a climax. They are brass, given their construction are likely made in either Korea or Japan. Several companies imported models like these over the years, the most well known companies I remember being called Pacific Fast Mail, OMI, and Overland Models, AJIN (korea). However, without identifying marks, it's really not easy to tell who made it. People more knowledgeable about how to identify the work of a particular manufacturer would be able to tell you more about them; try the Model Railroader forums to ask for more information. Probably better to keep it just for the memories, as they are not in particularly great condition (the railings are all bent out of shape, bits may be missing, the headlights are skewed off center from where they should be). You probably wouldn't get much for them (there is some indications that the brass resale market is not as good as it used to be), while the story behind how they came to be in your grandfather's possession (or just sentimental value) is probably better than what you'd get cash for them. Google photos of brass climax/shay locomotives and you might find distinctive characteristics that might tell you who made it, but that's about all. Allegedly, these were made on contract by far east manufacturers in the 50s-late 80s (there's still apparently some small scale production in Korea), and imported by the US distributors. Brass used to be the high end of models because they could incorporate details that plastic and die castings just could not. Their running ability varies. Some look great, but run poorly, and so on. Hope that helps some. Some of this is from memory so there could be some inaccuracies here or there. To try to identify it, look for any kind of markings hidden on frames, the wheels, that sort of thing, stamped somewhere.
Older places also tend to have lots of out of production "i wanted that but never bought it" kits, esoteric things like vacuform kits, that sort of thing, old supplies that you can't get anymore (like if you wanted Floquil or something). And yeah, I agree about the adventure aspect on it. The owners are also usually pretty quirky people, and some are really good builders themselves, hence the esoteric selection. Some of these places are almost like archaelogical digs or living history lessons; I've seen kits dating back to the 60s in some shops, bagged airfix kits (back when that's how they actually sold them), older japanese kits that have been out of production for decades mint in box, and that sort of thing. You also get hilarious historical anacrhonisms like the "mideast conflict" model kit (including Desert Storm era kits of a Mig 25 and a F-16), rarities like old ESCI, Matchbox, etc. Less fun? The often musty smell, and in some cases, the quirky owners.
Sounds like an interesting place. Where is this?
I actually repainted one of these a while back; there's enough detail to make it worthwhile. It's not modeled on any tank in particular and the number is fictional, but it makes it look a little less absurd. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/3gj0v0/172_tiger_i_repaintairbrush_practice/ It's actually a pretty nice toy and has fairly robust electronics for something so cheap.
I liked civil procedure, so maybe not the best. If you ask what a 12b6 is though...
Not sure about that but the majority opinion is that it's harder and more abstract for 1ls to get.
Transactional.
Same to you. What do you do?
Look at how much of that has to do with detail painting like pilots and things. Revell germany kits list every single color required including like the pilot's helmet, flight suit, etc, and even the colors for the navigation lights. That's why the list is sometimes so long. Also, it depends on the model. However, at the end of the day, most models will require multiple colors, and what usually happens is that you can stock up on the more commonly used ones as a one time purchase that will last you quite a while. The other strategy would be to build subjects from one service, one country, or one time period, whereby all the colors would be standard. For example, if you build WWII aircraft from a certain period of the Luftwaffe, you're going to run into the same shades of paint over and over again, RLM colors that were standardized for the exact reason you don't want to buy half a dozen colors that you're not happy about buying now.
As for that video, what it's showing is automatic cutting with a hot wire, for a foam wing core; the center hole you see is probably for a carbon fiber spar, and it's probably a glider.
Try this. http://www.instructables.com/id/Take-Paint-Off-of-Models/
It's not a fast solution though. It takes a while, several days I'd say. But I also left it in there a long time, so your effectiveness may vary.
No. They can provide a licensing or mold sharing arrangement. It's not a new practice in the industry. And no. They are not the same company at all.
Or in the case of defunct companies, like frog or matchbox, the molds can be sold to other companies, which is why you get matchbox repops from various companies.
Speeding it up with heat might help, but it will only increase the likelihood that something will go wrong, the finish won't cure evenly and cause cracking, and that sort of thing. If you apply the varnish too early after applying the paint, you'll also risk causing other complications because the original paint layer hasn't properly cured.
Where did you obtain the models (distributor-wise?)
As for the kit, it's not badly detailed for its age (it's an old ESCI mold from the 80s, and by that standard, this is really good), let down by some seriously stupid engineering. For example, why on earth would you put the ejector pin marks on the side of the part that's facing *OUTWARDS*, and then leave the gluing surface perfectly flat, without ejector pins? Ejector pins all over inopportune places, side skirts are extremely thick, and the mounts for those are laughably thick too. On the upside (if you think that's the case), link and length tracks, though them seem a bit thick.
No, it's still the same one, just new box and better decals.
My freehand camo needs practice. Not too happy with it, but it's probably "good enough" for a weekend build where I'm trying to simply things, not obsess over every last detail. Comments are welcome once again. http://imgur.com/USrTnT7
Thanks!
Thanks for the tip; I might be interested. PM me regarding cost and such.
This is an AS-90 SPG with a NATO green basecoat applied, which will probably get a second coat to make the shading a bit more logical, and possibly a postshade with a lighter green. Comments and suggestions are welcome.
Yes
So far (and I assembled this a while ago), the body part fit's pretty decent. Can't say about the wheels or tracks, though some say they don't include enough links. The bustle rack is a solid piece of plastic, for which I would've preferred photoetch, but considering it cost very little (about 10 USD), it probably wasn't cost effective. Seams on the barrel wasn't so nice, and there was an ejector pin mark on a visible part that needs to be filled. Painting instructions for anything other than the gulf war variant are lacking; there's only one side view of the SFOR version and none of the up or front and back. Fairly quick build, not really any issues. All in all, good buy for the money. Mind, this is 1/72; I can't say about the 1/35 version, though this appears to be a scaled down version of it.
Syhart of France makes decals for that. Also, revell Germany makes a kit with those decals. The rnlaf also offers PDF color profiles of the jet and color specs. If you want to do it manually, Id say use those to make masks. Or, buy the revell solo display f16 mlu in 1/72, then scan the decal sheet. Enlarge it to 1/48. Then id print it out and use it to cut masks out of frisket film you get at an art store.
Frisket film is lower tack and clear than masking tape so it might be easier to use. Or cover the drawing or sketch in wax paper and then cut and remove.
C&amp;f you probably don't have to worry about.
This is what you are referring to. Masterbox *sorry, tired/edited* of Ukraine. Their website I think has a few upcoming releases of similarly themed stuff. https://www.amazon.com/Masterbox-Zombieland-Freedom-Zombies-Escaping/dp/B00OCFOOSI?ie=UTF8&amp;*Version*=1&amp;*entries*=0
Airfix clear should work. Just purchase it in model shops/mail order in the UK/Ireland. The link is to the US subsidiary, but all it does is import UK products http://www.humbrol.com/us-en/humbrol-gloss-clear-125ml-bottle.html
It's constructive criticism, it's not like he wrote "wow this is awful. Stop building models." To OP: The mud looks strangely caked on; is there any context for what you were going for? The washes look, well, out of scale (are those washes?). In the future, consider thinning the paint a bit more or layering it, there are obvious brush strokes/overly thick paint to the rear of the left side of the turret. Your detail painting work actually is pretty good (e.g. the tools mounted on the tank), so really, the main issue here is just to get a better primary paint job. Similarly, the paint chips look pretty good, but the rest of the paint job's roughness really means that they don't stand out (see the edges, front side of the turret). Finally, the engine grilles on rear of the tank look like they're covered in grease/mud, etc, but not necessarily in a convincing way. The brush strokes (weathering?) around the rear of the turret also look like . . . well, like someone took a brush with brown/rust colored paint and dragged it across. And contrary to the comments heaping praise above, I instead agree with OP's remarks about the wash.
Also, if you want something to practice on that won't mess up your model if you don't like it, use watercolor washes. Mix up a wash using watercolors you get in an art store with water and a drop of dishwasher soap to break the surface tension. It's not quite as effective as using oil paint as washes, but it's great for experimenting; if you don't like it, you just wash it off with more water. If you like it, you can leave as is or seal it with a flat coat.
Basically, the above comments. OP doesn't know what he's talking about. Your statement about electric motors and a few cents of plastic is like saying, well, a car is just rubber, metal, and some ceramics, right? Why not just charge the cost of materials? Surely it shouldn't cost more than a few thousand dollars, instead of tens of thousands of dollars. Yeah, just one problem; retooling an assembly line and all the design work (in some cases) can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. The same applies to plastic injection molding, which is the way most locomotives are made these days. Tools for plastic injection molding cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to make, meaning that you have to sell a huge number of models before you even break even, let alone turn a profit. Also, you have to spend a ton of money doing research, getting the CAD drawings, getting someone to make you small batches of the valve gear for steam locomotives, die casting bits, and everything else. Then, you have to assemble all this stuff, ship it halfway across the world, to your distributors, then to you. Tooling actually used to cost more; if you look at the recent explosion of startup manufacturers of plastic model kits, that suggests tooling costs are less than they used to be, but even then, they are horrendously expensive. And then, after all that, how many units do you really sell? Probably not many, so then you also have to make up the mold costs by jacking up the price if you can't make it up on volume. And then, you probably get bitched out by the model railroad rivet counters who decide that some grabrail is off by a quarter of a millimeter. Is it possible that some manufacturers are also trying to maximize their profits? Yes, sure. But you're ignoring that these things are't cheap, certainly not at the volumes you're seeing them being sold today. Model trains are not a common hobby among children, not like it was in the 50s and 60s. Want another example? Marklin and german trains that are die cast. There's a *reason* why those cost so much, and it's not just because they are out to rip you off. The pricing difference might also reflect a more expensive cost structure for the company, or they initially underpriced the models, thinking they would sell more units, and then realizing that if they didn't increase the price, at the rates they were moving, they wouldn't break even. It's no shocker why they discontinued the Acela in both scales, for example; the molds must have been horrendously expensive and they probably didn't sell very many. Further, there's also the size of the production batch that matters. It is often far cheaper to produce a huge batch (when you order from the manufacturer or company under contract to do it) than it is to produce a small batch; the only company that seemed to break this mold was Lima of Italy, which was famous for being able to produce weirdly small batches of specialized prototypes. However, they also went bankrupt and now are part of the Hornby Group, which itself isn't doing well. Try asking a foundry to make you a flywheel or something, or a machine shop. If you ask for one, they'll quote you some absurd price. If you ask for 10,000, it costs a lot less per unit. You're also not accounting for the possibility that Bachman had to order only a small batch of these models; plastic model manufacturers also have to try to opt to produce the most efficient mix of molds at any given time to turn a profit, which is why some models are "discontinued" for a while and them sometimes reappear after a while. Why? Because they probably weren't selling well enough to justify the production time. I mean, look at the consolidation in the industry; in the last 10 years most of the German manufacturers have consolidated, and even Marklin had to undergo bankruptcy restructuring. A ton of german and italian brands, and the french, have been incorporated into the Hornby company, because they weren't turning profits and were going out of business; they were salvaged by Hornby probably for a song.
Not to mention the Pi is now in the millions of units, probably.
If you want some insight into at least part of this, this is a video of Fine Molds, a Japanese company that makes plastic injection kits. They are a *small* manufacturer. Look at how much work goes into making their products. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwd_CCPxNv0
He's a cottage industry manufacturer. According to him, that's a day's worth of resin kit production. I seem to recall he also does design work generally for models and custom products, and this is a one man shop. This is why resin costs more; the mold costs are a lot cheaper, but the production time is a lot slower than just injecting plastic into a steel mold. I have that hovercraft, and it's a pretty nice kit. http://www.gwylanmodels.com/
Are those metal ball bearings? Yeah, it's probably too heavy to fly.
Yes I remember you mentioning that. Not casting aspersions at all, just that usually this sort of thing is usually referred to as cottage industry. And congrats! Do post some of the stuff in that new shop of yours. I have your zubr and like it, haven't gotten to it yet.
No, in this case, the plane will have no directional stability. The reason why those toy store gliders you buy and such always have their wingtips curving up is that that is a means of causing the plane to return to level flight (eventually) if the orientation changes because of wind, torque from the propeller, and so on. Yes, you're right, beyond a certain number of turns of the rubber, you will cause serious structural damage from the motor breaking even just producing enough strain to cause structural collapse. But that's not why it's not going to fly well; the use of ball bearings as weights indicates that to get it to balance, a pretty heavy weight already has to be placed to make it balanced. That means that whatever power that rubber is supplying (and I know it's not a lot; I've built those kits), will make it a very inefficient model that probably will have little power to climb. Further, the nose as designed on that kit (yes, I've seen that specific one) is not a "flying nose," i.e. you need to reinforce the front end in a manner that is not mentioned on the plans in order for the thrust bearing to work properly and not randomly go off center/whatever right/up/left/downthrust you built into it. Rubber powered models like that one are always designed around a mix of maximum lightness while maintaining just enough structure to prevent what you just described. Guillow's kits, however, are notorious for including heavier than needed wood, making turning some of their kits quite a challenge to fly well. Usually, people who do leave off things like paint, heavy plastic parts (they redo them in balsa, etc), and so on. If it were me doing that build, I'd weigh the wood (leaving aside the laser cut bulkheads, which I want because I just don't want to cut them by hand), see if I need to replace it with lighter sheet/strip, and then maybe even cut out a few unneeded ribs. I'd build in the flying nose I described, and then cover it as lightly as possible using colored tissue and so on. I'd also probably carve my own wheels out of balsa or foam to lighten it further still, and replace that peg in the back with a piece of aluminum tubing.
Also, this guy is a good example of the kind of work that goes into making a master (at least on a small scale as a one man operation). Mad respect for the people who can actually carve out their car bodies from scratch for their masters. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1G-pNLJWHc Also very informative and cool to watch is HLJ's video on Model Factory Hiro, maker of very expensive resin/metal kits. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpH3mGRkTjw My favorite line in that video is when Scott asks him "do you just unilaterally decide what you're going to make?" Reply: "Yep. Something I like." Scott: "But you probably take customer requests, right? Hiro: "Nope. Just things I like."
Airmodel vacuform?
Also, what fillers/methods do you recommend for those occasional fuselage joins that lead to a very tiny "step" in the halves?
The other way to do this is to spray it lightly with alcohol or water (to shrink the tissue; it won't make it any more paintable)
Glad to hear it worked out.
Yes, the Eduard kit has proven more frustrating than I planned; I think I've sanded down the intakes at least three times and applied more filler to try to get it right. I soon may hit the point of diminishing returns though, and in a way, it's more a testbed for future builds/fun build, so at some point I may just decide to put a limit on how much more time I want to spend on this project. Are there any sanding tools/tricks you think would be helpful to share that the public at large doesn't know? I will definitely get to your LCAC eventually; I've been slow lately due to work and other obligations.
You're probably just going to have to google for them. There might be corners of the internet that have drawings from the archives, or a cross section drawing. A quick search turned up some drawings for various tanks, including the Mark I, a cross section of the Swedish S-tank, and so on. You might also search on ebay to see if anyone sells scans/detailed drawings of your particular vehicle of interest. For example, you can find engineering drawings on a DVD for the P-51 for about 60-100 dollars, and so on. I can't recall any place that is a one stop shop for that though, and you might simply have to rely upon reference photos to get it done. A starting point might also be to buy a plastic model of the particular tank you're trying to build, and then use it as a baseline for the dimensions, then reconstruct the interior from there. Beyond that, you might see if the national archives of x or y country has it, or try reaching out to a tank museum to see if they have such things. However, it's more than likely in the cases of that, you'll have to pay for the drawings or replication of them. For example, in the old days, the French national archives posted some of their naval ship plans online (archival, of course, not current designs).
This is a slight update of the Eduard Mirage III I've been working on, as well as some metal paint experiments that I'm seeing. This kit is proving to be fairly troublesome for me, though not necessarily because of the kit. I live in a small apartment with very bad ventilation, so using a lacquer like Alclad is a pretty bad idea. I also currently don't have any metallizers or anything else, so I decided to experiment with what I'd normally do: use an acrylic metallic paint, polish it, coat it with future, etc. This is technically the first coat; it probably needs two more plus a layer or two of gloss or future. Actually, this is an object lesson in quitting while you're ahead. I've made quite a mess of this tonight, and it will take at least two more coats and maybe even stripping it all off to do it properly. Thoughts on the metal color? I'm not convinced that the final coat will work that well. The final product is supposed to look like the underside of the F-15E, also included in the album below that used a similar process.
I made very little progress on my Mirage III; the photos show a black coat, followed by a highly unsatisfactory silver coat, and then a gloss coat. It will probably need another two silver coats and two more coats of gloss; the paint is Tamiya silver, which will be polished/wet sanded, then coated with two coats of gloss or future. The goal is to get it to look like the bottom side of the F-15E in the rest of the photos. Why no metallizer/alclad? Well, I live in a small apartment with poor ventiliation, so spraying lacquer in there is pretty much a no-no. Also, I wanted to see what the limits of polishing acrylic paint might be. Comments regarding (1) how to improve the coating, or (2) whether the F-15E example is a decent natural metal finish based upon available materials would be welcome. ***The reason why the F-15 is there is mainly to compare the metal finish of the engine bays and seeing if that's adequate for a bare metal finish for the mirage.
It's the same kit. Won't stop me buying or building it though at some point.
It's still very nice work in spite of the base issue. Maybe just rebuild the base properly?
I make Heller stuff. Their oldest stuff is not great, but their more recent offerings (this is relative, it's decades old) isn't super terrible, just simplified, and they do offer some interesting subjects.
Avoid storing them in high temperature/overly warm places. Cool, dark place probably is best. Dried out paints like tamiya can be revived by adding some of their proprietary thinner, in some cases, 91% alcohol, but it doesn't always work. Enamels can also be restored by adding some thinner, or at least, made usable. Acrylics seem to have shorter self lives; you might also need to mix it thoroughly. Try putting some of the revell thinner (use their brand) to revive the paint, if not, it's gone.
Oh, I'd forgotten about those. I'll pick one up the next time I'm in an art store.
Also, I have so many works in progress because I get bored really, really easily, and like really complex kits.
Saw it online, but use rubber cement to provisionally assemble single link tracks, then dip liquid cement into it after you've draped it around the sprocket and road wheels. They stay flexible and stick together until you've moved them to where you need them.
Same. I use upgrades like railings and ejection seats, or instrument panels. I tend to avoid big conversions because lets face it, my time is limited and the last thing I want to be doing after work is filing down that cockpit set to fit. I do it occasionally though.
How is the kit? Been looking to pick up a MFH kit for a while.
Looks pretty good, the main things I saw on a quick glance were: 1. Most noticeably, the foilage. It's very unconvincing; it looks like algae grew on it or something (I'm betting I'm not that far off, is that lichen for model railroads?). 2. The color of the roadwheels/tracks. I assume the effect you're going for is mud/dirt/dust, but it looks more like the tank's entire driving wheel sets are covered in rust. Maybe the earth needs to be a bit less oxide red/rust red. 3. Maybe add some scratches/drybrush in metallic colors.
Almost universally preferred over brush painting for large surfaces. Brush painting can lead to very good results too, but is harder to do well and much more time consuming to get an equivalent result. But small details and things are often brush painted so they're not mutually exclusive.
Airgun pellets, birdshot, or, in a pinch, coins.
1. Talcum powder and superglue. 2. Dissolved sprue in cement/methyl ethyl ketone (MEK). 3. Automotive putty (bondo and derivatives). Others I've heard of: 1. Correction fluid as stated below. 2. Baking soda and superglue. 3. Gap filling superglue by itself, sanded (difficult)
I agree. Lately there has been tons of self promotion of blogs, and it's detrimental. It's particularly bad when someone just posts a YouTube blog link and presents no other content. It also happens a lot with someones personal YouTube channel. Like one or two links of particularly interesting content or something unique is good, but using this space to promote your channel or so on is annoying and in some ways doesn't really add to the discussion.
By which I mean to promote their own blog, not the occasional "hey that's kind of cool" video.
I usually stick with one or two manufacturers whose paint i like, use conversion charts, and if that's still not good enough or its oddly specific, buy the particular brand of paint called out in question. That actually is pretty rare though. Over time you build up a stock of paint that you usually go to. I use a mix of tamiya and model master acyrl, and rarely feel the need to buy other lines except where I want something specific, or it has some quality I want, e.g. better metallic paint.
A lot of them don't. Tamiya usually never specifies anything other than their in house brand of paint, same with revell. You can see a lot of posts in other forums asking for what rlm colors would be, or what would be fs whatever. Revells callouts are among the most infuriating because they are often weird ratios of their own in house line of paints.
Thanks!
Exactly, however, perhaps the current situation of mod policing is okay? Is the volume high enough to be a problem yet? If self policing is working fine, then I'd be for sticking with it as it is.
Part TT and TA are the most likely culprits. Take out TA especially, and if there are no o-rings on it, soak in thinner overnight, or give it a brief dip in acetone. Also, check your o-rings/seals to see if there are any issues with those.
What thickness of styrene and what are your cutting tools? Also, any good sources for bulk styrene?
In that case, what kind of cardboard/supplier? I used to use illustration board for architectural models, or museum matting board.
Pure acetone can strip a lot of paints. Worst case, buy a general purpose paint stripper instead; that will catch whatever is leftover that you might not have taken care of. Check your needle to make sure there's no dried paint on it, which can be hard to see. Check to see the tip is straight (you'll know fairly easily if it isn't). Acetone is not strictly necessary, but try a soak overnight of the metal parts in the strongest thinner you have. The reason I use it is occasionally, it strips other gunk that I didn't know was there.
You might find some inspiration on these: https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiPnqubuL3NAhXBbz4KHZteA-EQjxwIAw&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fgunsoficarus.com%2Fcommunity%2Fforum%2Findex.php%3Ftopic%3D3993.0&amp;psig=AFQjCNGmdKDIiZDa_j3peCk59YdDVHApXg&amp;ust=1466746908949256 You might also like the game. And, this guy, doing papercraft: http://www.freewebs.com/steamnoir/
The short answer? You don't. Revell colors are found only online or on ebay in the states; I've never seen them in shops, except when they come with a starter set. The long answer? Do you want to import it? If so, then you can get it. Why do you want it? You can get a conversion chart to source local brands. http://downloads.hobbico.com/misc/rmx/TES_Revell_Paint_Match_Guide.pdf And from there there are other conversions if you don't like using MM.
That might be because they're...um...based in the US. They also stock about 14 brands (just checked) but they don't list Revell.
They exist, but are from cottage industry/small manufacturers that will likely make for a difficult build. See this thread here. http://cs.finescale.com/fsm/modeling_subjects/f/16/t/94622.aspx And a direct link for a kit in resin. http://www.unicraft.biz/on/r5/r5.htm
Generally speaking most people spray it through an airbrush. For canopies, you dip it into it and let dry on a paper towel because spraying it will create a hazy effect. If you have to brush it, it has very good self levelling properties, but you should use a wider brush (1/4inch wide or so) so that you don't have stuff drying on you as you're applying the coating. Try to avoid bubbles as well.
I gotta admit, while I usually don't really like models like this that come prebuilt, I want that Osprey. Gimmick or no, that's really clever. I agree about the engineering; recently I was working through the snap together snowspeeder and marveled at how modeled the same sprue in different colors and the like. I was tempted just to keep the sprue where it split in color just because it was pretty interesting. Not cheap, but it seems like the ultimate office desk toy. . . . And now I want to come up with my own, just to say "who needs $150?"
Tamiya P-51D, in 1/48. Airfix P-51D, in 1/72. Tamiya Panzer II, III, IV, anything that is relatively recent in their lineup should fit fine. Tamiya F-16 (any scale, really). Bandai's Star Wars series, all of them are snap together and are fantastically engineered. Airfix 1/76 Cromwell Airfix 1/72 Gnat Airfix 1/72 Sea Harrier FRS.1
First of all, this is spam, and also inappropriate. Second, go home, you're so drunk you're going to end up in the Hudson before morning. This forum is for modelmakers that build things in plastic, wood, and other materials. Unless you are asking for *that*, this post is completely off topic, not safe for work, and makes you look like (1) a troll, (2) a spammer, (3) a jackass who doesn't know his audience, and (4) someone who is going to get banned and reported as spam. If you are *actually* serious about asking modelmakers for models, then I suggest you tone it down and start over.
He posted on here a year ago, if you want to search for it.
There is a guy out there who used 3d printed masters to make rc scorpion/scimitar in 1/16 that he offers as a kit. It's not unheard of, but until the finish on the parts is better at more reasonable prices, 3d printing still isn't quite there yet. I think with electronics, it costs around 600 USD. I might buy the kit later this year but it's quite an investment.
The link to purchase is here. http://spykerworkshop.webs.com/scorpion-tank
The original thread. https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2p1o1e/scratch_built_t80u_tank_replica_9_months_of_3d/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maschinen_Krieger_ZbV_3000 Kits are made by Hasegawa, Wave, and long ago, by a company called Nitto (they no longer exist). Examples: https://hlj.com/product/WAVMK-33 https://hlj.com/scripts/hljlist?SeriesID=968
https://starshipmodeler.biz/shop/index.cfm/category/165/maschinen-krieger-mak.html A US importer who also happens to run a good sci fi models site. Well, it used to be better, anyway. I personally want the Krote, but that is a ton of money to shell out for a robot that isn't even a foot tall.
Nice, that looks considerably larger than expected. Industria mechanika is pretty cool. For a cool video, you might like: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBHQ7lQGOf0
Much appreciated, all!
Interesting, but seems overly thick. Try rolling it out into a thinner layer.
