I pledge allegiance to the House sound. I'm going with Carl Cox.
ITT: downvote anyone who's okay with short preview ads. Pathetic.
Tell me more about how you'll consider switching to HBO, because I'm pretty sure they do this already.
Either that or a live version of "Flash."
La La Land, Flash, Shake &amp; Pop, Harmageddon and Pillz should get you going.
Same tent, same canopy. You. I like you.
I wouldn't doubt it. Haha
That's great. He's got my vote.
Why? That's how things work. If you want it, you have to pay for it.
JUST DO IT! WHATRYOUWAITINGFOR?!
I'm not making any guarantees, but what part of northern Illinois?
Ok. You continue to be naive. No sweat off my back.
Are you 15? Because it shows.
The addiction is real, future family.
I never doubted you, L!
I'll have one of Gibbs or Bronson, please.
WELL SAID! That thread from yesterday that you mentioned was shitty. Glad to see it called out.
That's pretty awesome. Happy anniversary. You couldn't pick a better place to celebrate!
Besides BTSM (of course), which set should I absolutely, positively, not miss at EF?
Word. Will do.
Not all of Green Velvet's music is on Spotify is all I meant. I get exactly what you're saying; Bassnectar is bigger than GV. That much is true. At the same time, you can't discount GV by saying he's a very small name, as stated in your original post. It's all good, though. I still got love for you and Bassnectar. I'll be at both sets for sure.
Good deal. Thanks again. See you in a few weeks.
Who knows. Everyone's got an opinion.
Fill it with ecstasy and call on me. I'll be there.
She Just Likes To Fight
These are great. I bought one! Thanks!
Adaptive Rotation Lock is one of the first apps I install on any Android phone. Great choice.
Fam.
For the inevitable return to camp at 3 am?
Thanks!
Garage sales. We picked up four queen-sized sheets for $3.
Look into the Xiaomi Yi camera. I just purchased mine. It's a lot cheaper and reviews are pretty good.
Same here! I just picked up the Xiaomi Yi camera. It'll be here tomorrow. I'm just about set.
Does it grind your friend's gears? Because that's what matters most...
This guy sounds like a prick. Hopefully there's no need to remain friends with him after the Forest. Good luck to your friend!
I'm saying screw it and having a blast wherever I end up. Conflicts be damned.
Yeah, if I had an extra ticket, I'd try to make an extra buck off of a random. I won't lie. But a friend of mine? Face value, or less than face value, just pay for gas or Spicy Pie for the weekend. Shady people gonna shade.
I picked up the white ones. These blue ones are nice, though. May have to pick them up as well.
Solar-powered?
It's Michigan, I doubt you'll have trouble finding good bud. Last I heard it was 30 for an eighth? Your mileage may vary, of course. I'm riding clean and planning to pick up there.
Just ask "AM I BEING DETAINED?" over and over again. Then they have to let you go. /s
It's my first time, but I doubt we'll have trouble.
Dick's has their 10x10 Quest canopy on sale for $50 right [now](http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2935027&amp;cp=4406646.4413993.4414966.35612666&amp;categoryId=13086151).
Shit, I pay $60 for an eighth in Chicago. $35 is nice.
Thanks. Purchased a five pack. When do you think it'll arrive? Before the forest?
I look forward to meeting you! :)
Diplo called my wife a hood rat on Twitter once. He's awesome.
I haven't received anything, either. All in good time, my friend.
[Here](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00CWZE642/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_1DhCvb0MMPH3R) is the mattress I picked up for the Forest. Reviews are great and they're not made of PVC so they don't lose air. I filled it up and left it up overnight. I didn't notice any air loss.
How big do you think it is?
I haven't even received tracking information yet. I'm not worried though. They'll be here in good time. Thanks for the info!
But you lived?
Oh I will. I'll have my Blackhawks hat on!
Eh, I may be in the minority, but most repeat posts don't bother me. Personally, I think the "friendly reminders" irk me more than anything.
I'm just outside of Chicago, but haven't gotten mine. My buddy did and he lives ten minutes away from me. I'm not worried though.
How old are these wrestling posters? Like Ultimate Warrior/Hulk Hogan/Andre the Giant old... or NWO era old?
I read lockers as hookers and was immediately intrigued. Sigh.
No worries! I'm just a bit behind. :)
Grape, menthol, atmosphere and I can't remember the rest. Excited to try them all though!
Aren't you special.
I'm expecting no service whatsoever and that's okay.
Hi, DJ Hanzel. I haven't even started yet. How much of a pain is it on a scale of 1 to 10? My wife offered to do it but I don't know if her sewing skills are up to snuff.
I've been a subscriber for a little more than a year. I'm also a first time attendee. Are these chills I'm experiencing normal?
I've seen Future Islands twice but never in a festival setting. I hate having to decide between the two.
Nice! Thanks!
YES! Agreed.
I don't think anyone can definitively answer that. Life's a risk, carnal.
Definitely not condoning fireworks; you'd have to be an idiot to bring fireworks to the Forest. Someone will inevitably do it.
Can I bring non-flammable fireworks? Also, I never paid for my tickets, and they haven't arrived. Do you think I should send Front Gate smoke signals?
Two words: DAY MAN!!
Ok?
Thank you. A voice of reason.
Don't lie.
I just got home. We had to leave early because of our kids, but wife and I had an absolute blast. We'll be there again next year, for sure. I'm sorry to hear about the issues other people experienced, but we had a great time.
Me three. It was an amazing experience and worth every dollar.
I mean, he was okay. Pretty much what I expected.
I have to respectfully disagree with you. This was not a "bro fest." I had an amazing time and met some incredible people. No "bros." It sucks that you had a shitty time, but you're just the vocal minority.
I had a very positive experience. A couple of our neighbors were not-so-cool, but they didn't rob from us, so we're lucky for that, I suppose. We got there late Thursday but only waited in line or about 15 minutes before we were at camp. We didn't even get searched. Set up and we were inside the venue by 10pm. I didn't go there with a specific plan. I just let the Forest dictate the plan, and I had an amazing time. I had a couple of artists I really wanted to see and I accomplished my mission. Not everyone had a shitty time.
Gotcha. We're considering rv camping or GL for next yr.
I bought a couple of USB cables off monoprice and they were shit quality. They wouldn't hook onto my phone. Good thing they were cheap.
Probably not, but thanks. I don't care what festival you go to, you're never going to get away from bros. To say the whole festival was full of bros is bs. It's far from the truth.
Ok, guy. Whatever you say. If it means not seeing you in the forest, then I'm cool with it.
Claude Vonstroke for sure. Edit: spelling
Who put the sand in your vagina?
Then we're good. Later, guy.
10/10
YES! SO GOOD. Thanks for reminding me. :)
Cops were so chill. One of my favorite parts of the fest.
Ended up in camp access somehow. We were 2 minutes away from the entrance. We got in at 7pm Thursday, too. We were pretty cramped but didn't mind one bit. It was a nice trade-off.
Why do you need feedback if you've already decided not to return next year? I had an excellent time and while I wanted my neighbors to shut off the music sometimes, I understood that I was at a music festival and this type of shit happens. I put in my ear plugs and fell asleep. No problems.
Not bad at all, but you've already said you made up your mind. Do you want us to change your mind? This wasn't a hippie love-fest. Sorry if that's what you were looking for. I know and understand that I sound like a prick right now, but I had an excellent time. There are people on here complaining about their shitty time like it was all the Forest's fault. There's bad seeds everywhere you go. People shouldn't act like this is some big surprise.
And I feel horrible about it. What's your point? Edit: I get your point. It was a horrible thing that happened. Truly.
Sorry. I came off negative and didn't mean to. Balls were definitely dropped and I think and hope that they will get their shit together for next year. There's no way that people who didn't have wristbands should be able to camp there and as a result force paying customers to camp in overflow. It's unacceptable.
I didn't meet anyone from Reddit either. I wanted to, but I didn't have the opportunity to go camp kilowatt. I did see plenty of flags and totems I recognized though. 2016 for sure.
Absolutely. Go for it!
All good. To each his own. I guess the way I see it, the details laid out in the second paragraph of your comment are exactly the reasons why I wouldn't want to bring my kids to the Forest. I know my group did its part and more to keep the Forest clean, so no worries there, either. Here's hoping for a happier Forest in 2016!
FYI - I was able to bring in 2 frozen bottles of water per entry without any issues. I didn't need to use the water stations nor did I have to buy water. Just food for thought for next year.
i was there dancing my ass off!
Who said they were?
Can you play offline?
Lulz
You're so smart, bro.
I don't play online at all. Fuck me, right?
My thoughts exactly. I haven't needed to play online at all, but I can see why people are upset.
Because "Broad City" is good?
But muh guns!
He went there.
Check out the web site and determine it for yourself, buddy.
I'm pretty sure you linked to the original song twice (Americano).
This guy knows what's up.
[Here's](https://open.spotify.com/user/rudym55/playlist/5uJhBW8JRYhEoBUcJFSvv5) a playlist I put together of MixMag's top tracks of 2015. Some tracks aren't on Spotify, but there's plenty to sink your teeth into!
You're absolutely right, but it's fun to think about.
Yup. Our boss does the same. It's appreciated.
Oh, get off your high horse. No one cares.
Yes, and plenty of people don't. What do you expect to accomplish by going on and on about how it's illegal, and how we "should support the developers." OP made it clear they don't give a shit, so why should you? What do you get out of it, besides acting all high and mighty and superior to the rest of the world?
By all means, but you must understand that you come off as extremely condescending. If it works for you, then keep at it. Just realize you're not making a difference in the grand scheme of things.
You're doing God's work, son.
"Pena ajena" in Spanish. Very similar!
Why be sorry? Shit happens. You move on.
Sure, that might play a part in it, but this subreddit has thin skin when it comes to flash carts and scalpers. If anyone is supportive of flash carts, downvotes to hell. If someone doesn't believe that scalpers are as big a problem as this subreddit makes them out to be, downvotes to hell.
What shitty attitude? I'm not seeing it.
This whole fucking thread is cancer defined.
You're not allowed to complain a straight to Netflix movie? I don't get it.
I loved the shit out of the first. I picked up part two at midnight on release, played it for about an hour and just... stopped. I never finished it. It was too much of the same.
You keep saying it's disgusting, but I don't see why...
I'm left pocket handed right.
Santigold's first album.
Obligatory "you must be fun at parties" comment.
You literally have no idea how this will affect The Onion, but please, do tell!
All right, man. I tried. Take care.
I love Fallouts 3 and 4, but I did not enjoy Fallout New Vegas. You are not alone. I absolutely loved KOTOR though. You're on your own with that one. Edit: spelling
10 minutes east of the Brown's Chicken Massacre.
I bought dry ice at my local grocery store. I love roughly five hours away. Dry ice was still intact four days later. Look for it at a grocery store near you. I feel like lots of people will try to purchase closer to the fest, and you might miss out.
Nice try, Hillary.
Not to mention his edits are cringy as fuck.
2PL4UUCLW4FFGBA0QF0PE23 Thanks!
WJVMGQY271ERTXKZV4W6TNM Thanks!
I used code 23. I'm looking forward to using this with my son. Thanks!
Keep it simple, stupid.
When keeping it real goes wrong.
I saw them at Pitchfork five years ago, and to this day, it's my favorite festival show ever. All My Friends live is amazing.
*Falsehood flies, and the Truth comes limping after it.*
Ok.
He's a troll. Pay him no mind. Dude belongs in /r/iamverysmart.
I wanna punch the shit outta this assbag.
I got my early birds in Febvember.
That's not how life works, though.
Did you ever have any doubts about him? It's hard to feel for the family, especially now that his wife was charged.
Agreed.
Likewise!
I loved the name E.L.E. for Busta's album. It fit it perfectly. Fuck this list.
Yeah, there is no point in planning your day down to the minute. Let the Forest guide you!
Febvember 3f. Bet on it.
Arlington Heights checking in!
I ran into my doppelganger once. I had to do a double triple take. People often tell you they ran into someone who looks just like you, but when they show you a picture it looks nothing like you. This time, I was a bit unsettled since he literally looked just like me.
Definitely. I think there's plenty to keep us busy.
You're very much one of the good ones.
Or use a ziplock bag. Works just as well.
Balloons? They'd stand out for sure.
Not sure about that, unfortunately. If I recall, I did see a campsite or two with balloons last year. If I saw them towards the end of the weekend, I don't remember.
20ft.
Shhhhh.... you're disturbing the narrative.
Truthfully, no one gives two shits who you and I vote for.
Ok. Glad to hear you care about me. :)
He's flip-flopped plenty already, and he still has a rabid fanbase. He could say and do anything and it wouldn't matter to most.
Literally.
Same as my Reddit handle.
Very timely! I'm sure you'll have a grrreat time regardless.
Before the festival FOR SURE.
I think it's time to delve deeper into the EF Spotify playlist.
I printed it out and laminated it. Easy peasy.
Sure can. They don't check ids or anything like that.
Says who?
Your opinion lost. Get over it.
We had to pick up a friend in GR last year, so we took that same route. It wasn't bad.We didn't see many cops until we were closer to the fest.
Nine days for me as well! Everyone do the happy dance!
If you're staring at a dj, you're doing it wrong. Edit: I love how we preach upvoting in this sub, but as soon as someone admits they don't give a shit about totems, that all goes out the window. That's all right. I still love ya'll. Downvote your little hearts away.
Agreed, but if it's DJ Joe Schmoe who cares? Unless it's Jon Hopkins or someone of that caliber, I really don't care. I'm there to dance and get the fuck down, not stare at the DJ. That's just me tho. You do you.
Maybe so, but it happens every time I mention it, no matter the wording. Edit: case in point. No idea why anyone would downvote this comment. Ya'll are a trip. (I hope that wasn't too condescending.)
Wait why is that a bad thing?
It happens every time this thread pops up (which is every other week). I've given my opinion before and its always downvoted no matter what I say. I've said before totems don't bother me and before you know it, the downvotes start flowing in. This sub has an irrational hatred for totems and I think it's silly. I'm not going to apologize for thinking that. I guess it's okay to tell people that having totems is the wrong way to party, but not the opposite.
Ok. Isn't telling people to what to do with their totems essentially telling them they're doing it wrong?
It's all good. I appreciate the discussion as well. I got nothing but love for everyone and everything in here, totems included. You make a very valid point about totems in front. I never considered that and it makes perfect sense. Happy Forest!
Maybe. Watching the performance is not my priority. I'm there to dance, walk around, and talk to people. All that other good stuff. That's not a knock on anyone else's preference, either. It's just my personal opinion.
It's going to be a clusterfuck when they turn around the two that didn't buy an early arrival pass.
Pretty glad I don't know who either is.
Yeah, it'd suck for my wife and I, as our friends purchased in time so theirs are legit for sure. Luckily, I know where this individual works and I have his Facebook information. It's not a 100% guarantee but it's as close as we'll get to one. Fingers crossed!
Savage.
All of them?
What?
I live in a blue state so no need to vote for either. Lucky me.
Cool. I don't agree with you at all.
I'm still waiting for the drop.
Sleep is for the weak, bruh.
If you use Spotify, play the Rap Caviar playlist. It's my go-to.
Eh, they'll do it anyway.
I'm not saying you're right or wrong, but it's still your opinion.
She'd probably suggest I pack the pasta salad in a soft cooler.
Filthy pleb.
She was probably lost in his dapper smile.
