A lot of people including me had this until I uninstalled HTC's Vive software (not SteamVR). I haven't had any problems since then.
If you didn't follow the link on the included one sheet instructions that tell you to go to HTC's website then you didn't install it. The second likely culprit is if you're using 2.4GHz wifi rather than 5Ghz that's been causing problems for some people as well. If that's the case and your router allows it, change to 5GHz signal.
I absolutely love sniper games and enjoy using sniper rifles in regular shooters that have them. What's up with almost all of the VR shooters using zombies or robots as targets. Are they all afraid to make this too realistic? Hover Junkers showed us that we can be shooting other human targets and it's not automatically a tragic experience just because it's in VR. I'd love a bit more realism in this game. I'm not asking for Sniper Elite bullet cam with exploding organs but target variety besides robots and zombies would be appreciated.
I can't in any way believe they would change $200 for them... they HAVE to try to undercut the Vive I think. I'm calling it now, it'll be $149. Yes they won't be making much money on the two controllers + camera at that price but that's my guess.
Define "perfectly fine". Can the camera track it 20 feet away? Lighthouse can and does for me daily. If by "fine" you mean to the range of about 8-9 feet then yes... past that and it seems not so much.
If I had to pick just one it'd have to be Hover Junkers. Amazing experience, I play a couple of rounds daily and can't wait to go back to it every time. Honorable mentions to SPT, Holopoint, Out of Ammo, Holoball, Audioshield.
Yes... Xbox didn't decide to change their name for the second gen, just went with a weird number to match PS3. Even Windows with their bizzaro number convention never changed from "Windows". The second gen of HTC's PC VR HMD will be called Vive something.
I think so but I'll let others with a similar space chime in. I think if you pick a smaller ship you ought to be fine. With some smaller ships I think you just need the ability to turn around in 360 degrees to be good to go. Even though I have a very large room, I prefer a medium size ship and really only make a step in each direction from the center. I've tried the larger ships and feel they're more of a liability than an asset because they're a LOT more open and leave you defenseless. With a smaller/medium ship you can have cover all around you.
Nope, they cover over 5m x 5m empty space before the pool table. They're already 7m apart. Including the pool table really wouldn't be an option as I'd have to place them over 15m apart.
Try Hover Junkers. I imagine you'll quickly change your mind.
Wonder how weird this is... I think I'd have more of a problem shooting a deer that's just peacefully drinking from a brook than an enemy soldier who is hunting for me and would shoot me if he sees me before I see him. Never been hunting but somehow I don't think I'd want to try it in VR either.
Hmm my 980 barely does medium, even there I feel some frames are dropping here and there. Granted I'm on an old i7-2600k and Win 7. Everything stock but even going to High drops it to 45 FPS for me.
They're very different to me. Brookhaven is about carefully lined up head shots. Usually over 80% of my shots are head shots. I love that feeling. HordeZ is more just aiming in very general head direction and unloading tons of ammo. I prefer the shooting in Brookhaven by a long shot but enjoy HordeZ for silly arcadey feel here and there.
I've never had a zombie closer than 10 feet to me and I've played it multiple times so it never got scary. You need to keep hitting head shots.
[Here for one](http://www.geek.com/games/valve-confirms-half-life-3-will-not-be-a-virtual-reality-game-1635064/)
Yes, remove parts HC1 and HC3 but not HC2.
WHOA! Thanks!!! Never occurred to me, I can't wait to try!
Thanks, hopefully I wont' forget to try this tonight!
Stupid question but you obviously tried restarting PC and/or SteamVR?
Who do you think put in this Matrix in the first place!
Yeah what surprised me is the number of scientists that seem convinced that it's extremely unlikely that we are NOT living in a computer game.
He could've done precisely what they've done HUNDREDS of times when asked about HL3, say that they won't make comments about it. They've done this again and again. This is one of very few instances where they very directly answer "No". The question is repeated later in the Q&amp;A and AGAIN he says "I said, no". It's about as clear cut as you can possibly make it.
Uhm what does that have to do with anything? On the very first try of the new patch I beat my old score by quite a bit. The game is made EASIER, not harder. It's just that I don't care to just whack at dozens of fruit that are constantly in the air, the game lost all appeal to me now. Have you actually tried it?
The ghost ball disappeared when I turned off ghost ball option, didn't seem like aim assist one did anything with it to me, no?
Well you don't know, perhaps you're programmed to win!
Well if they didn't do such a crappy job making movies you wouldn't be disappointed. Yes I'm looking at you Peter Jackson! How could you so royally mess up The Hobbit after a surprisingly good job with LoTR?!
Meh, I think if you're not a fan of space stuff in general, IE is neat but doesn't blow your mind in the same way the Turtle Encounter does in theBlu.
Well that and he just added way too much stuff that wasn't in the books. Not a fan.
Yes it is, you have to mount a bracket on the back of the motherboard.
I've been very happy with the Strix 980 over the last year... that being said I'm ready to pick up any 1080 I can get my hands on
Uhm that's what I do every time I charge them which is every 3 days or so. I do this daily to my phone heh.
Not at all, that one gives you the same exact patterns until you beat them, tried it a few times and don't care for it. I want to play the same game I played two days ago in both Survival and Time Trial modes. I'd love to revert back to prior version and then never receive updates for this game again.
That's why you include two OPTIONS. Precisely what Spell Fighter VR did and it works great. If you want teleportation - here you go. If you want thumbstick movement - here you go. What's the problem with that?
If you don't want to use voice commands to cast spells you don't have to. I just use gesture to cast, never bothered installing voice attack or whatever it's called.
Ah thanks! Yes I made it to the giant skeleton and even with the skull he promptly dispatched me, I haven't gone back since. Thanks!
Ah, if the regular grips give you pain then modding it makes a lot of sense. I have no issues with the regular grips so I guess I'll stick with it (especially since I don't have any grip tape laying around).
I'll gladly jump on this if the price is right. I've been waiting for something very much along these lines. Visuals look great. Any word on when "Soom(tm" is? The trailer just says 2016 which is a rather broad range.
That's definitely my main concern. The game is cool and all but I know myself, if I just continuously lose it'll be relegated to "neat but never used" category and I'll keep firing up Hover Junkers or Cloudlands when I want multiplayer.
Tough question... I'm hoping $10-15...
I played two rounds so far against Level 1 AI... it disagrees =( Seems to translate very well as I am generally good at video games hehe. I had the ghost ball turned off so perhaps I'll play with that on to learn the ropes first.
That'd be fine, I'll never turn down more options. Don't intend to boot this sucker back up until the old mode is back in some way though, became dull in the first 30 seconds for me =(
Yep Hover Junkers is the only one I've seen so far I think. You can take your pick at male, female, or robot =)
That's pretty crazy for a VR-exclusive. Hopefully that bodes well for being able to find multiplayer opponents. The more money we make for the VR devs the more they'll be inclined to keep making VR games. Jump on the pool bandwagon ladies and gentlemen! (That last phrase reminds me of being in Dota 2 TI3 audience when the announcer said "Welcome back ladies and gentlemen! Oh who am I kidding, welcome back gentlemen")
It's on by default but in certain multiplayer games you need to turn it on separately.
I've got 1 with Vive in hand already and another building a PC for it
What will kill the industry faster than you can blink is if developers cannot at least break even making VR games. How hard is that to comprehend? If I lose money working on something, I ain't gonna keep doing it long term. They'll go back to making games with installed base in the millions. They HAVE TO charge more than your traditional flat games per hour of content simply due to teeny tiny installed base. You can have games that cost $15... they're going to be similar to Holopoint, SPT, etc. Short quick repetitive games. Those are fun, I have plenty. If that's all you want then don't buy Starseed. If you want games with POLISH then support the only developer that's doing it now.
There's a great chance there won't be "all the episodes" if enough support isn't provided. This is the ONLY developer pushing the limits of what a polished VR game looks like besides Valve who is obviously in a category by itself.
Perhaps they should all move to Africa and develop games for you?
I had that issue but a complete computer reboot let me proceed. Have you tried that?
That sounds rather annoying
Would you recommend it if I am a giant mutated rodent? I do have ears!
I ate them already *looks down in shame*
I've seen that twice in the last 200+ encounters. People often get down to the ground but then they're not shooting, they're just cowering in fear for a while for some reason.
What a bunch of nonsense. Does that mean that high quality things shouldn't exist? Should steakhouses where a MEAL cost $120 not be around? Should hotels that cost $200 or more per night not be around because if you look at it solely from "hours spent" view then you can "spend the same 8 hour night" in a Motel 6 for $29?!?! I am perfectly willing to spend $120 on four episodes of this game. It'll either cost what it costs to make or it won't exist. I MOST CERTAINLY would prefer high quality content exists and I'll pay what it costs to make. I hope there are enough people like me that will get VR to the mainstream at which point prices will come down. If not then it'll never get past tiny games.
Uhm that's three EXCELLENT Vive games. Fantastic I'd say, all 3 of those. I have no idea what your expectations are or what you consider a good game but your opinion immediately has been invalidated for me.
What games might those be? I've got over 40 VR games and Hover Junkers is BY FAR AND AWAY my most played game. I play it every single session... even when I have so many games I haven't played yet, I just can't turn down a quick 15 minutes in Hover Junkers. Nothing is nearly as satisfying as this game when you pull off awesome headshots.
Then you have no complaint! You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start.
You can do if it separate sessions. You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start
I get what you're saying. I think it's completely wrong. For VR to become mainstream prices have to come down, yes that's true. The only way they come down is if enough people buy. Early adopters pay more than mainstream buyers ALWAYS. Why this surprises you is the strange part. As an early adopter you're paying premium on both hardware and software. You paid $800 for hardware that will eventually cost MUCH less. Why are you surprised that you need to pay premium for high quality product that will eventually cost less as well.
Yes but I don't have the endurance to go 45+ waves in a single go =) I can make it 1-30 but then need a break.
Yeah they tend to keep things in beta for a few weeks... I've never had issues with beta and if some crash does occur you can always roll it back to regular version. On the Steam boards the dev is very active and updates things and squashes bugs in the dev version for a while before it gets pushed to regular game. I think it's on 3.0.4 already.
Heck, I have a pool table 5 feet from my Vive area... It's nice to a) always be able to find a game online or b) play against AI with 20 different skill levels at any time you'd like.
I'd say it's the best Vive game to get you moving which is a good first step in getting fitter. I'd suggest getting a leather VR cover if you tend to sweat much, Holopoint will make you do that a LOT.
Once you get to Wave 5 you'll be able to start next playthrough at Wave 5, same with 10, 15 etc. If you're having issues getting to Wave 10, there's no reason to start at Wave 10 as it really does get progressively harder and harder (thankfully!).
it gets easier with practice especially when you realize the cubes are just shooting for your head and you don't need to move away all that much for them to pass by and not hit you. So it's a lot of small head movements with a step here and there. Once you get good at lining up shots it's not too hard to go wave 1 to 30.
It's remarkably close to the real thing. You're holding the controller so it feels like you've got the stick. Not putting your left hand on the table is the stranger part but somehow it clicks pretty easily too.
I bought both... in all honestly, I couldn't tell the difference AT ALL. I haven't put them side by side to test if there's really a 0.5" difference as someone mentioned here but from having both on my Vive I would've sworn they're exactly the same except for color and one says "wii" on the little buckle.
Sweet! It's awesome how responsive VR developers are... good luck getting a change through to a big studio. Great to hear I'll be able to enjoy the game again.
Newsflash! Not everyone lives in Eastern Europe... I know, shocking shocking discovery.
I must admit, I've done this 2 or 3 times myself... I think that was in the first couple of days of my Vive experience. Haven't done it in over a month =)
Too much grinding in this MMO... I want the gold dup hack!
Sorry, not at all =( I've showed the game to over 40 folks, none of them had any issues with it either. What graphics card are you running?
I think you have seriously misjudged this game. At least for me, time and time again, I see a VR game trailer on youtube and it looks "meh". When I try the same game in VR, it's a completely and totally different thing. Yes, I enjoyed the Lab's archery game, it had a lot going for it. However... Holopoint is WAY WAY WAY better. Even if the Lab had 50 more levels, I would've taken Holopoint every time. You risk absolutely nothing by trying it. Play it for less than 2 hours and if you don't love it, you make 5 clicks and automatically get your $8 back. Why not see if you're missing out on a GREAT experience? If anything, over 250 reviews with 96% positive rating should tell you something, no? Anyway, the targets are cubes yes, just like Lab's targets are crude humanoid shapes. The holographic samurais, ninjas, bosses, crows in Holopoint are all at least as good if not better. With Lab's Longbow, you just stand there and shoot. With Holopoint, it becomes a dance of death as you have to shoot while dodging projectiles that cubes shoot at you when they break. When those samurais get to you, it's an amazing experience. But again, you risk nothing by trying it.
Majority of monitor games will give motion sickness to a decent portion of people in VR. The VR revolution only started a month ago, let's see where the early adopter numbers are by the end of the year. Especially after PSVR comes.
Well... answer is two fold: For me, magic hasn't warn off one bit. Still playing every chance I can get after about a month and a half. I have over 40 VR games/demos and haven't had a chance to even try them all as I keep going back to several favorites time and time again. I haven't touched a regular game since I got this thing. My story might be a bit different in that I don't have much time for gaming so I only play a couple of hours a day tops. On the other hand, if I had to save to buy this thing, I might consider waiting for second gen. I love it and all but it's not a necessity at all.
Glad to hear it. Yes, in Steam you can get an automatic refund if you request it when you've played the game for less than 2 hours and you've owned it for less than 14 days. I've used the option several times on titles I wasn't quite sure about and ended up refunding. Here's a google [link on how to do it](https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6695-QIKM-7966). You can do it within Steam as well, you click I believe Account, go to your Purchase History and click on the title. I'm willing to bet you won't be giving Holopoint back, ping me and let me know if I'm right after you try it =)
Yes, Lab's feedback is certainly better, I'd love to see that in Holopoint. Once you get to higher waves you won't have time to even notice as you'll be frantically shooting in all directions =)
That is odd... You have gotten to Wave 30 before, right?
Ah yes, you unlock waves as you go... Gotta get to wave 30 before you can play it (same with any other one really)
Agreed. Predicting a very bright future for Stress Level Zero (Hover Junkers) and Cloudhead (The Gallery) studios.
Huh... I am pretty shocked at the results. Really rather surprised that less than half a percent have 4m x 4m or bigger. It's time to get those beds that fold up and dedicate a room to this stuff. Who needs reality when you have a Vive?! (I guess 99.5% of the people do huh).
I concur... I've got over 5m x 5m and I really feel constrained quite often. Would love to have more. I could get rid of the pool table and I'd have about 6m x 10m but I don't think lighthouse is ready for that. If gen 2 can handle that much room I'm dumping the pool table and using Pool Nation VR.
Wait you can go down to the basement? I tried but didn't seem like I could teleport to the stairs and it looked just dark down below.
A friend of mine is playing it on an i5 and stock gtx 680 while he waits for 1070s to come out. Oddly enough there's a ton of frame drops in the menus but in the game itself he's smooth sailing vast majority of the time. We were both shocked. He's playing on medium too which is the same as my i7 2600k, gtx 980 is pushing. Granted I get to judder in the menus but still.
If say if you plan on upgrading its definitely worth getting... If you're not then I'm not sure.
Great to hear! Can't wait to get a chance to try it out. Awesome to see Devs so quickly responding to feedback and make adjustments.
Good call!
I've had exactly zero issues in over 20 hours of Hover Junkers. I can't believe how much I love this game... the more I play the more I want to play it. Damnit I wish I was headshotting people in Hover Junkers right NOW.
If you're not into multiplayer shooters then of course it's not a game for you. It's like asking someone who doesn't care about multiplayer shooters whether CS:GO is a good game... or asking someone who dislikes RPGs whether Witcher is good. For those that DO like multiplayer shooters, I can't recommend this game enough.
It is the DP cable. Had same issue until I switched to HMDI for the Vive to PC and bought an DP to HDMI cable for the TV.
You clearly haven't given it enough time to learn... the arrow goes EXACTLY where I want it to go as I'm shooting small moving targets in Waves 50+ as I am moving and shooting target after target within split seconds. Yes, it's not a game where you stand, draw to your ear and slowly aim. It's an action packed dance of death once you progress far enough and I LOVE it.
I think the number of people that don't own a Rift who'd pay for stuff on Oculus Home if they don't change their official position on Vive support is SO SUPER TINY that this topic is really quite useless.
I won't say you're a rebel but I'll voice the unpopular opinion (hello downvotes) that you and everyone who made the same choice is pretty directly supporting the concept of bringing console-style exclusivity to PC gaming. Not a fan...
It's all been discussed to death. If you don't want PC to have console-style exclusives, yes you should be upset. If Oculus wanted to limit the titles they funded to be only sold on their stores like they always implied, no problem there. Makes perfect sense, they want to recoup money for their investment. That's not what they're doing, they're treating these peripherals as separate from the PC and very artificially putting in limits on what can be played on them. It's just as disgusting as if Dell or Asus funded games that could only be played on their monitors. This has no business being on the PC.
If Oculus would reverse their stance on hardware exclusivity, I'd likely get a Rift for the sit down experiences (though honestly with amount of time I get to play I already have a huge backlog of VR titles) but I can't get over the feeling that I'd be supporting attempted destruction of PC's freedom if I give any money to Oculus so it's a no go.
Oh I agree, so far, it's no big deal... if they are successful in this, I think it'll be first step in a very slippery slope that leads to a very bad place for PC gaming. I want to know that I can play any PC game on my computer so long as my hardware is capable of running it. It's always has been the case in the past and I want that to continue. If there are 4 or 5 HMD manufacturers I think we'd all be better off if we can buy ONE HMD, not five.
Did you use your waterproof cover over regular foam? I couldn't get it to fit well, seemed like my waterproof cover is just a tad too small. When I used it, really felt the reduction in FOV so I never bothered putting it on. Bought this with express desire to put the waterproof cover over it and hopefully still have decent FOV and waterproof protection. After a 2 hours Hover Junkers run yesterday my foam was a disgusting mess.
Don't hold your breath... I wish it happened but I know it won't.
aaaaand my computer could run it? Sure, in a heart beat.
Yeah that was my guess as well... I haven't gone back to Longbow after I beat it on first try. Cute and fun but utterly unchallenging. Holopoint and I, we dance a lot.
I'm sorry I don't feel like typing an essay on my phone but there's just so much wrong with the above... Steam is hurting indies, innovation, and the gaming industry? I'm sorry you immediately lost all credibility to me with one sentence. Steam is the best thing that ever happened to indies and PC gaming. They bring you a GIGANTIC audience. Without Steam you're free to sell on your website but very few people will ever hear of your product. Countless other Devs have chimed in how easy it is to sell on Steam and deal with Valve so I'll take their word over yours. Especially when compared to Oculus. I personally have no interest in seated gameplay as I've done it for 30 years, sit all day at work and in decent shape to play standing for as long as I have the time. That doesn't mean that others aren't interested in buying those games, they are. I don't want to see PC turn into console wars and will not support any dev that pushes exclusive software. I've got a much bigger gamelog than time so no point in me supporting crap I disagree with.
Yes I think Oculus funded some of the costs... aaaand if they decided to recoup them by locking the game to their STORE, almost nobody would've had a problem with it. They decided to artificially lock it to their HMD, not their store, that's precisely why so many of us aren't going to support either Oculus or devs that help them.
Sorry, here they are: [VR Waterproof Cover](https://vrcover.com/product/htc-vive-pre-vr-cover-waterproof-for-exhibitions-sport/) and [VR Foam](http://vrfoam.com) Again, for people that are good at crafts, making your own VR foam is likely preferable. For people who are either not good at making stuff (like me) or those that don't want to bother, I am pleased with what they provided.
Were you using just VR foam or with VR cover on top? Just the foam was definitely a no go for me as well. With the cover my comfort level is just about the same as the stock foam plus a small improvement in FOV and clarity but the main benefit of keeping my sweat out of the original foam is huge. I don't sweat much and can play most games for over an hour before I start sweating but Hover Junkers and Holopoint (and to a smaller degree Audioshield) turn my stock foam yucky pretty fast.
Well it's not just VAT... you do realize they have to pay different income tax rates depending on where you are as well yes?
What? Have you tried the Longbow in the Lab where the haptics make it truly feel like you're pulling a bowstring? Or sword and shield in Vanishing Realms where you can whack one against the other and it feels like you're really doing it? The haptics are as far from "just standard rumbling" as a Porsche and Toyota Corolla are both "just standard cars".
Haptics are extremely good. There are games that really make it feel like you're pulling a bowstring and the further you pull the harder the pull feels, it's stunning.
Almost all of them. It's not an income tax on goods. It's an income tax that companies need to pay on their earnings. The company has to pay income taxes and those rates vary based on where the sales takes place.
Well the reason I picked the card is it's specifically mentioned by Steam support as THE card they've tested for people with USB issues...
If we're talking super small, yes I think so. It spent all of 5 minutes without the leather cover =) I tested to make sure it wasn't very comfy for me and slapped that leather cover over so for my purposes the cut not being perfect isn't a big deal. I'd call it almost well done. Certainly 10 times better than the cut on my sleep mask mod =)
Negative, I only had a DK1.
Agreed, I can't imagine the cost is more than a buck or two. The cost to ME to go to a store and spend an hour on this is already over $20 though... not to mention I know I'd end up with a crappy product as can be seen from my butchered sleep mask =)
Ah totally went over my head lol
How do you know it's Ireland? Do you know if HTC is using an Irish patent box structure? Companies that like to use Ireland need to first establish that their Irish affiliate owns the intellectual property (as in research for the product was done in Ireland). It's not as simple as you seem to think it is.
It's quite simple really. HTC wants to make a certain amount of after tax cash per Vive. They evaluate the costs of doing business in each country (how much the VAT/sales tax, income tax, shipping costs, currency exchange rates etc are for each country). The price is largely set mainly by those things. It's not just VAT that goes into the equation.
In all honesty the quality seems good but not great. I tried to pull the two layers apart and they seem like they're attached quite well. The cut is again decent but not perfect. To me, $20 is a cost of a meal so I didn't really think twice above it but I realize that varries by person. I'm not sure what it is about this cover and sleep mask that makes the Vive rest on my fairly small nose :). My wife can use it without the VR cover and it doesn't bother her nose. Somehow the Vive fit seems quite different depending on the person's head. The foam is really very dense so I wouldn't call it too comfy, to me definitely less than the stock foam by itself and not sure if it'll be more comfy that thick cloth, it's pretty hard :)
Sir, I'd like to sell you this bridge I have... A great deal, just for you!
No worries, friend, I disagree with just about everything you said as well. What do you say to a friendly duel? We set up a private 1-1 match and see whose methods prepares them better :) PM me if you accept.
Didn't watch the video... The lab has cuteness and better tension with haptics to me. Everything else - including the FAR FAR more important part which is gameplay is light years ahead in Holopoint IMHO. I played the Longbow exactly once. I beat it on first try and there was no desire to go back. The game provided no challenge. Holopoint is a great light cardio especially when you're past Wave 30 and you have to dodge, duck, rapid fire at moving targets as you're battling projectiles, samurais, ninjas, bosses, birds etc. The minor quibble about difference in shooting is nothing compared to difference in gameplay to me and though I love Valve, Longbow severely lacks challenge or replay value to me while Holopoint has both in spades.
Yeah at some point I intend to check it out but unless somehow the unlimited waves are SIGNIFICANTLY more difficult, I just don't see the point... Sure it's better than ending at five minutes and I might play it if there was no alternative but that's not the case. Holopoint makes me feel like a badass ninja slayer. The Lab makes me go "oh wow look, they really nailed the string tension, I can't wait to see what can happen when this is in real games"
Uhm both of that is Holopoint... In the Lab you can miss again and again and again and again and eventually hit and still get through all the waves. That won't fly in Holopoint once you get far enough, you'll be overrun quickly if you can't place accurate AND quick shots, especially in waves 30-60.
Well I think for a lot of people the first thought is "if this is what they're putting as a tutorial meant to impress people, the rest probably looks much worse". The surprise that the rest of the content looks quite a bit better isn't worth blowing the first impression.
Will try it if it doesn't involve installing Oculus Home software. No interest otherwise.
Hum VR games by and large have a super small price. Especially when the size of the target audience is considered they have an unbelievably small price.
Completely different game. I'm glad Longbow exists for free but this comment makes about as much sense as "Why would you buy Battlefield? Buy Quake Arena"
When's the last time you tried thumbstick locomotion in Spell Fighter? The reason I ask is I tried it when I first got my Vive and couldn't last more than a couple of minutes tops. I then tried it a few weeks ago after having my Vive for 3+ weeks and can now handle it perfectly fine. I liked Zgame's locomotion but my guess is you might've built up your VR legs now and don't realize it perhaps? The locomotion here isn't that different, it's still quite artificial. You and I can play it fine but I wouldn't be surprised if people that haven't gotten their VR legs yet won't care for this.
Downloaded it this morning and played for about 15 minutes before work. The first impression is VERY positive. The game is very atmospheric and quite beautiful. It's a joy to be able to walk around a Vive game and not be limited to small area/total on the rail. I'm eagerly awaiting getting back home to play more tonight. Quite a steal at less than $7 too!
Evil newegg... the EVGA card I want shows as in stock, I can put it in the cart and when I check out they take it out and say it's not possible to deliver it to me for some unknown reason. I go back to the store and still says in stock... I keep going around and around trying this. =( TAKE MY MONEY!!!!
Just do a demo of the tutorial. As more things are added to the game, add them to the tutorial and when the game is finished, do a demo of that. The trailer for OOA didn't impress me but I tried it anyway but I could've walked away if there were a lot of other options there. Now there are quite a few more games out there and an easy way to get yourself some believers is to let them try the tutorial. That alone will sell a bunch of copies. Minecraft graphics scare quite a few folks off but its amazing how easy they are to get used to when you're in VR.
Frankly Zenblade looks quite a bit better. Halfbrick took a bit too long and might be surprised to find that most people that wanted to slice up fruit are already doing so.
I found that a decent amount of people just don't talk (or don't know they need to hold down the grip buttons to talk). Generally the people that play the game a lot (and are good at it) talk very often. People that do poorly (and I assume don't play much) don't respond a lot. I know my mic works perfectly fine but sometimes I try to chat with folks and get no response. Other times we chat non-stop.
Strange. I can't quite see what the perceived difference is between thumbstick locomotion and the zgame's point and slowly walk there method? Is it that Spell Fighter is faster movement?
Space Pirate Trainer, Holopoint, Holoball, Out of Ammo, Audioshield. For fans of multiplayer shooters: Hover Junkers.
Funny, I only have maybe an hour in the Lab, tops. I enjoyed going through every experience there, once. I show it to people here an there but it holds no replay value for me whatsoever. Pains me to say that about a Valve game.
It kind of us... when someone says "hello guys how are you" and it's silence and I KNOW everyone's got a built in mic... meh, not a fan. Almost might as well be playing against bots. Having a nice chat while shooting each other is a lot of fun imho.
I've seen that, especially in the last week and my latency is usually around 50ms.
I don't think there's much of a host advantage if any.
Define dominate? I've yet to meet a player that was using nothing but a shotgun and be effective in the least. Granted, I don't think they should be either... Shotgun is great for destroying cover and good at destroying ships. I've found it rather bad at destroying pilots. I enjoy nothing more than finding a shotgun or better yet a double shotgun player, they're generally the ones that have the least chance of killing me.
Well with exclusives they might've very well meant what they said earlier - they meant for these to be Oculus Store exclusives rather than Rift exclusives. However when HTC/Valve showed their hand, Oculus realized that they have pretty much nothing to compete with so they decided to use exclusives as a competitive edge. I have no basis for this guess it but seems to make a lot of sense.
Considering Pool Nation VR made it to Steam's overall top 10 sellers, has stellar reviews and tons and tons of posts about how much people love it - Out of my 5 attempts to play multiplayer, 3 times there were no people at all and twice I had to start a multiplayer game and wait for someone to show up for a while. It appears finding people in Vive MP games other than Hover Junkers is rather hard right now. Similar experience with Cloudlands Minigolf. Luckily with Hover Junkers I've never had to wait yet.
Tried it last night... for me, it still doesn't hold a candle to Holopoint. Why would I want to stand still when I can dance my dance of death?
Do you have HTC's Vive software installed (not SteamVR)? If so, try uninstalling it. I had pretty bad lag until I got rid of that thing.
I've had a wide range of reactions. Some screams, one person nearly ran into a wall and I have solid 5x5m+ area. One saw a single zombie and said no way, I don't want to do this and quickly took off the headset. I've also had a few people relatively calmly go for headshots.
I did nothing and was conversing very well with two people in separate pool nation matches.
Read your post and read your last sentence. You come across PRECISELY what you said there. It is a peripheral and nothing more. It's not a console, it won't run without a beefy PC. Revive has shown us all that making games compatible between these systems is not as hard as Oculus wants to say it is. I want PC gaming to stay open like it always has, I want to know that if I know a game is coming to PC and my hardware can run it (and it always can as my PC is always near top of the line) then I want to have the option to buy the game. Consumers lose out in this, it may or may not be good for Facebook but it sure as hell is not good for consumers to have split communities in the PC market.
Uhm... Most HJ maps have hills and getting the higher ground in an engagement is a very valuable strategy quite often actually...
Don't suppose you got this on YouTube somewhere? Can't watch the link :( Thanks!
I don't doubt it... Military will just use the Hover Junkers global leaderboards to recruit. Ok I'm mostly kidding about the last part but in the future I could totally see that actually happening in a few years when most people have these. It'll be a rather cheap way to find the best of the best for real warfare.
Yeah I had a similar experience in H3VR - I turned Uzi sideways so the ejector slot was on top and fired off the entire mag. All the shells went up in the air and as they were coming down I caught a few on the Uzi and was bouncing them on it. I literally sat down on the floor in amazement.
I guess I have to do it... HL3 confirmed?
The last sentence is the problem. I have over 5m x 5m and I think it'd get pretty annoying pretty fast, especially in a game where you walk as much as Fallout. However, according to the Steam data, less than half of one percent has more than 4m x 4m... I don't think walkabout is really too plausible for way too many people. How many people want to take 3-4 steps, turn around, take 3-4 steps etc?
A lot of people develop resistance over time. I started out not being able to do anything but teleportation when I first got the Vive. Playing Hover Junkers (which was uncomfortable for the first few days) got me to be fine with it now though.
Yes and no... I don't want more HMDs that are just supporting controllers. I'd rather not have a situation where a giant portion of VR users are using xbox controllers and thus a large portion of development is going into that subpar control scheme. I'd rather see every HMD with hand tracked controllers similar to Vivemotes/Touch.
Certainly not happening for me with the Vive either. My 60 inch TV is in full view of one of the lighthouses, tracking is working fine with it uncovered.
I don't think they're trying to counter Oculus... they'd like to sell games to Oculus users. If Valve wanted to win this "systems war" they could've won it in one day by saying "Steam will not support Oculus Rift". Boom. How many Rift users would jump ship if it meant choosing between Oculus Home and Steam rather than getting to use both?
I imagine we'll get two locomotion options (or maybe more?) that will include teleportation and traditional thumbstick movement. Have your pick. Hopefully teleportation will have a cooldown in combat at least so you don't port in, blast with a shotgun and port back out.
Only if games are developed with that in mind I assume?
Yeeeeees, I've been waiting for this bad boy from youtube videos for quite some time. Very very excited to try this,
I want to echo the call for traditional thumbstick locomotion option. Certainly understand if teleportation is the default but an option to use thumbstick for those who have developed their VR legs would be awesome. Thanks for your hard work!
I recommend Spell Fighter VR. Has both locomotion methods and might get some ideas for inventory as well =)
What? I heard a few complaints that were drowned by OMG THIS IS AWESOME NEWS from far FAR more people. But in the mean time, we're going to complain about complainers?
I've only demoed traditional locomotion to about 12 folks. Most of those hardcore gamers. Two had no issues at all, one got used to it pretty quick. The others couldn't do it but they didn't have much time or desire to build up a resistance either since they were just getting to use the Vive for a couple of hours each. I personally couldn't handle it when I started with the Vive and can now so it is certainly something that at least a percentage of people can develop a resistance to.
However, what we don't know is the percentage of people that will bother with USB extender cables and move the second camera somewhere behind them. Are there a decent chunk of those people on reddit? Yeah... Will even 50% of Rift users do that? I HIGHLY doubt it. I think vast majority will set it up with two cameras on their desk, just like Oculus will tell them to do. Will Bethesda publish this on Oculus Home or even include the Rift badge on Steam Store if they believe the game won't be playable for half of the Rift users? Maybe but I wouldn't be shocked if they don't.
For my liking its way WAY too thick. It's two layers of leather added to the padding which just butchers FOV. I used it for 10 minutes with the stock foam and just didn't care for what it did to the field of view. That being said, I am using it with very thin foam (VR Foam but you can use sleep mask mod or make thin foam yourself) with great results. Others haven't cared for the same setup though so it all seems to be about your personal preferences.
In my experience people who have no issues at all from the start are minority though certainly exist (my best friend had zero issues immediately). Many others can develop VR legs through small continued exposure. It's a bit hard to say what percentage of people can never get used to trackpad movement. Quite a few seem to not want to try and will quickly abandon trying to play any games with trackpad only locomotion. For me personally, Hover Junkers was a great game to build up my resistance as it's movement is much less nauseating than a lot of regular locomotion games due to all the non-moving cover in your field of view.
I don't doubt for a minute that they're working on spectator modes for VR for both Dota 2 and CSGO. I really think it's just a question of when, not if.
I think you're thinking like a PC gamer... not a typical single-console buyer who is really interested in plug and play and simplicity. It's hard to argue that Rift is simpler to deal with and with the shared (shitty per Palmer) controller scheme, it's probably fairly safe to say they're going with the Rift.
The good news is zombies are not actually in your room! ( trying to help you man up =) )
Hover Junkers is spectacular. From my 47 Vive titles, it's by far and away the best. I keep wanting to play other games but it's hard to find the time because I'm having a blast with Hover Junkers. The playerbase is certainly small when compared to regular FPS games but there are always people playing at any time whenever I try to find games. I've very rarely had to wait more than a few seconds to get into a game.
Fallout VR support for the Rift
Ha, I'm one of the few that's pretty happy with mine it appears. Well to be fair, by itself it wasn't comfortable at all. I'm using it with VRCover's leather cover and together they're exactly what I was hoping for - slimmer than original foam to increase FOV, about as comfortable, and water err sweat-proof.
I can't see how zGame's movement is any less VR sickness inducing than Spell Fighter's trackpad (or any other traditional movement)... the only difference I see is that zGame's movement is very slow. Is that's what's making it easier for folks to stomach? I've trained my VR legs and now both zGame and Spell Fighter feel about the same to me but I keep seeing the comment that people that can't do traditional controller movement are ok with zGame's movement. What gives?
Of course... it would be an extremely idiotic move to announce this is coming to the Vive, not even mention the Rift and use a controller scheme that doesn't come with the Vive. Not to mention they're already showing off early prototypes and of course, they're using the Vive controllers.
Link to the actual prototype? We don't get to try those =) Link to an article about journalists playing them? [Sure, here you go](http://uploadvr.com/fallout-4-htc-vive-hands-on-preview/) This is Fallout 4 only. Doom sounds like it won't be the full game but rather a "Doom experience", we don't know what that means yet.
Yeah I didn't realize the name "Rift" meant they intend to create a rift between PC VR fans.
Wait, SH is a controller game, not a Touch one? If so that makes this decision amazingly simple, they can keep it.
Have you seen the size of Facebook's cash reserves? They can keep buying games and buying games and buying games for years just to drive up the market share to where Vive will be forced out. Assholes.
Not for a LONG time. If we estimate current Vive population at 100k. Let's assume ALL of those buy your $20 game (which will NEVER happen, you'll never even get half of the people to buy a game). That's 2 mil which is a rounding error for Facebook. They can throw 50 mil to shut down the Vive and not blink an eye I'd guess.
That's not even close to reality... go through Oculus forms. Vast majority say they buy games on Steam when they're available on Steam and Oculus Home (smartly because a lot of them realize their next headset might not be a Rift). Not to mention that Steam has WAAAAY more VR content already that Home does and that'll only grow.
I think they will... a lot of companies are seeing HUGE potential in VR to be the best big medium. In order to secure a giant slice of the future, I bet they're willing to throw quite a bit of cash on it now to stifle competition and gobble up market share.
Quite the opposite... I seek out games that require some exertion (Holopoint, Hover Junkers, Audioshield etc).
No, anger is certainly not misplaced... frankly I'm pretty upset with: 1) Oculus for bringing a one-sided console style systems war and splintering the PC VR fan base. 2) Game developers that take Oculus money to bring forth the exclusivity which long term can have rather bad side effects to the PC gaming. 3) People that purchase Rifts as they're the ones enabling Facebook. Each sale is yet another vote for "I'm fine with what you're doing, Oculus". The main way to NOT have exclusives on PC is to NOT support these practices financially.
They should've taken that because the "timed" exclusivity is certainly losing them a TON of sales PERMANENTLY.
Brilliant... the irony is pretty stunning. It'll really be something if they screwed over the Vive community by creating a product with a free Vive dev kit. But but but without Oculus' funding, this game wouldn't have existed, right?
I know all I need to know to go full pitchfork =)
Oh I crouch a TON in both SPT and Holopoint, well and Hover Junkers too.
Sorry friend... "I don't like consoles or console game exclusivity, but my preferences don't affect the economic realities that console manufacturers face, so I just stick to an open platform and move on with my life. Exclusives are a natural consequence of very real differences in console hardware and complaining would accomplish nothing." - YOU and others who buy the Rift are pushing console style nonsense to the open PC platform. YOU are just as much of a problem as Facebook is. If people that are purchasing Rifts voted with their wallets and refused to support this, PC gaming would've been in a much better shape.
Deal
Shield used?
Oh I saw it... That's why I'm pointing out that on one hand you say you want the open PC platform, on the other you're supporting the attempted destruction of this open platform by buying a Rift.
It looks neat but somehow I'm guessing finding multiplayer matches is hard and will only get harder.
I think you quite underestimate how pissed off people are about this.
Look at Facebook's balance sheet. Yes they can very easily keep trying to suffocate the Vive. They can lose money for many many years. Oh and they are not going to stop doing it unless there's a very serious revolt by the Rift users but while some are upset most of these disgraces to the PC gamer name are excited about this shit and are eating it up.
Valve was happy for Oculus to be the face of VR because they were supporting Oculus and were helping them build the Rift. They didn't have a crystal ball to see that Facebook will throw money at Oculus and make them competitors.
Yes both Valve and HTC are funding devs. [Here you go](http://www.roadtovr.com/valves-chet-faliszek-on-htc-vive-pre-content-showcase-surprises-and-ninja-cats/). We don't know who these devs are because Valve/HTC are not asking for exclusivity in return. Here's the relevant part: "We want VR to succeed, that’s super important for us. But more important than that is, that we want to make sure that developers don’t get burned. We’re trying to do everything we can for them. We’re [Valve] funding development as well, I know HTC is as well. You couldn’t guess who we are as we don’t think they should be exclusive to our hardware."
I don't give a tiny rat's ass about developers that are actively trying to ruin the openness of the PC platform. I'm perfectly fine with never playing their games and them going out of business. Plenty of other fish in the sea. I'll gladly support the ones who are embracing the open nature of the system. My 47 VR games back up that claim.
Again, boycott is quiet, they don't know what they're missing. A ton of refunds get the message loud and clear. It still costs them nothing, costs Valve nothing. The only thing it does is sends the message in a very clear way.
While there SHOULD be a difference between asking tough but fair questions and pissing them off, in reality, I doubt that difference exists. I think all the so called "journalists" are either a) too afraid to ask and risk damaging their relationship or b) don't care about PC platform's openness or a combination of the two.
Definitely not if they make it first exclusive to Home. That's precisely the point.
Thanks, sent a message on their website.
