This is what I came here to post - glad someone beat me to it. Keyflower plays 2-6 and scales very, very well. It's that rare game where you don't feel like you're missing out by playing 2-player, and doesn't suffer from issues with downtime or clutter when playing with up to 6 players.
Children and grandchildren. Unless they never played games with me in my life. In that case, they get nothing.
But only if it matters. Since dominance only matters if a tile is being scored for dominance, for most of the game you can ignore counting up. Just do a quick count on tiles you think you may have dominance on, and swap cones as needed. Outside of that, it's either looking at direct cube comparisons (don't really need to "count" to see that five cubes is greater than two cubes), or counting cubes on Tundra.
&gt; Oh and the counting... the endless counting to see who is dominant on every hex. Which is not necessary. Knowing which species has dominance is only of concern for when the tile is being scored for Dominance. And even then, dominance cones *only* change when species or elements change. At most, you're double checking a tile or two after the adaptation/regression/abundance series of actions is completed. And you can even ignore it then, just doing a quick check when it comes do choosing a dominance tile.
&gt; The end game scoring is a bit long to calculate and it can also totally swing the game. I'm not really sure what it adds and could probably be happy not doing it at all. The question raised in your second sentence is answered in your first: end game scoring can make a big change in determining the winner. It creates a change between the early/mid game and the late game. Early/Mid game incentivizes keeping your populations on high-point tiles: Oceans and Wetlands. But the end game scoring incentivizes spreading your populations to other regions, including those low-scoring areas such as Mountains and Deserts. As for time consuming, the way I do it is one person goes tile by tile, treating them as columns and rows in a spreadsheet. "9 Points to Birds, 7 Points to Insects" and then clearing those cubes off the tile and moving to the next tile. Another player actually moves the scoring piece around the board. Whole process is less than 5 minutes, and has the benefit of also clearing the board so you're all packed up. &gt; 1) Dominance vs Domination These are the same. The dominant species is the one who choses the domination card. Species count only determines scoring on the tile. I do, personally, use *supremacy* to refer to who has the most cubes on a given tile. E.G. "Reptiles have dominance on the ocean; supremacy order is Mammals, Insects, Reptiles". And you don't always need to recalculate dominance. Just recalculate when you feel like it, or when a tile is chosen for the dominance action. If you're never going to dominance score a little desert tile, you don't need to count for dominance.
Upvote for WA Frost. Nothing makes you feel fancy like sitting in a euro-style garden patio sipping some cool cocktails and tasty sandwiches.
If you can forgo the cocktails and settle on beer/cider/wine, Sea Salt is at Minnehaha Falls and you can sit out on their patio drinking beer and listen to the rush of the falls while eating oysters.
Born in 1978, and I'm GenX, because that's the generation that I grew up with. And it's mostly from the pop culture I consumed. When your teenage years are spent listening to Jane's Addiction and thinking *Clerks* is the funniest movie ever, that's following the Gen X way. Maybe if I'd kept listening to Top40 radio and blockbuster movies through college, and only then started tuning into "alternative" culture, I'd be Gen Y/Millennial. But as it is, I'm solidly Gen X. My wife was born after me and is definitely Gen Y -- and it shows in how we interact/react with the world. In how we view politics, community, humor, the point of satire and parody, etc.
I don't listen to my music albums. I have incredibly sensitive fingertips, so I run them over the grooves and interpret the music in my head.
You'd taste nothing but bitterness. The elements of the grounds are extracted roughly in this order: * Caffeine * Flavor/Aromatic oils * Bittering agents The first brew is going to get the caffeine and flavor oils and some of the bittering agents. Any subsequent brews are just going to extract more bittering agents, leaving you with flavorless, bitter coffee with very little caffeine content. You can see this by making "cowboy coffee". Set a pot of water to boil. Dump in some coffee grounds, and taste the coffee after 5 seconds, 30 seconds, 1 minute, 5 minutes, 10 minutes. Your first taste will taste like dirty water. Later tastes will taste like how you think of as coffee - oily mouthfeel with some bitterness. The longer you let the coffee sit there boiling, the more it'll just taste of bitterness.
Never did find out. It was a small enough town that I *should* have seen "Phil" at some point in the next few months I lived there, but never did. Didn't hear any news. Maybe he lived, maybe he died? Maybe he woke up with insomnia and now lives as a street preacher.
If your answer is not Eddie Hazel's guitar solo *Maggot Brain*, you need to revise your answer.
Semen starts stinking really fast if you leave it in the open like that.
Now that's a legacy game.
Basically everything. Things that were common in 1715 are very rare now, and things that were quite rare in 1715 (e.g. "books") are common now. Times change. Times have changed very rapidly since the 19th century.
Don't oversalt/overseason. You can always add more seasoning, but once it's in the food, it's difficult or impossible to correct. Don't try to work too fast. If you can only handle 3 items on a grill/sauté station, don't try to do 5. You will fuck up and send out bad food. Do learn by experience. There are a load of cookbooks that get into basic food science - learning why fat and flour do what they do, how emulsions make dressings work, what browning your meat does, how high heat cooking and low heat cooking work, etc. Knowing why things do what they do allow you to build your own recipes, much better than just following a recipe without knowing why id tastes/looks the way it does.
**High School Brother** * Football captain on a state-champion team * Top of the class GPA * Prom court So, basically, athletic, popular and smart. Since then he's been living in a tiny town, selling used cars, bankruptcy, child support to multiple families. He's happy, which is great. But peaked in high school? Definitely.
Do I need to bring my own towel to sit on, or will Delta be providing me with a seat towel that will be burned before the next person to use my seat needs to sit down?
Pray for honey mustard.
I go for full on browning of onions, for some really intense, sweet flavors. Then, if I have some serious simmer time available, I'll take a whole onion, stab it a few times with a fork, and let it hang out to impart that raw onion stank.
Toilets vs. Us. *Stop shitting on me!* THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE THERE FOR!
I've been doing it all wrong my entire adult life.
I bathe with the soap. Then I fashion a codpiece out of the boot leather and walk with my goat into the nearest town. I sell the goat and buy a flight home. Bonus: going through security and customs with no luggage and wearing only a codpiece will be a breeze. (though lack of passport is going to be an issue).
Nothing beats a good steak tartare
Experience teaches us so much.
Obviously the best way is to start telling everyone else that you're already dating/going steady/engaged. Make sure any mutual friends understand that the two of you are seriously in love and inseparable. Then start sending flowers to her at work. Show up at her birthday party with a Mariachi band. When you get sent to jail or the mental hospital, tell your doctors and fellow patients/inmates that she's your fiancé and you can't wait until you get out so you can have the wedding of your dreams. On visiting days, refuse to let anyone else see you, since you're expecting her to visit you. Works like a charm.
Thank god. If I see one more condo being built, I might have to change my occupation to arsonist.
* Cut off a pinkie finger of a few brave volunteers and make a set of dice. OK, folks, we're playing D&amp;D.
I agree. The ending felt like the author just got tired of writing and realized that if she kept up the same normal pace, the book would end up at like 1500 pages. So instead she just made everything get settled up by Boris telling us what happened. On top of that, I found no love for the protagonist. But it was nicely written, at least.
AD is the master of callback humor. So many of the jokes are references to previous jokes, possibly jokes that were made multiple episodes ago. Since your standard sitcom is based on basic setup-punchline jokes, AD seems very "weird" to most people. It's like joining a work group where everyone has worked together for years and have a huge catalog of inside jokes, which they think are **hilarious** -- since you don't have the context, you don't get it.
Nothing will top King of the Hill. Silicon Valley is a close second, however. Having Kid Rock in episode one was golden.
Listen to and read as many stories as possible. And then, make up stories. At the most basic, a story is: * Setting: The Who/where/when of the story. * Motive: The What of the story. What do the Whos want? * WHY? Why do they want it, and why can't they have it? From there, it's about creating an arc, as others have already noted. Set up your characters and setting, what they want, have them struggle to get it, then they finally get it and "grow" somehow. If you're having trouble with creating a story out of nowhere, dig into your past. You've lived a life. Did you ever lose something as a kid? Maybe the story of how you met your wife/husband? Did you ever deal with a bully at school?
At that point, it becomes a "second annual". If I'm having a bake sale that I plan on doing annually, the bake sale I have this weekend is my *Inaugural* Bake Sale. If I do it next year in early June, it's my *Second Annual* Bake Sale. There is never a *First Annual* Bake Sale. It's sort of like getting married. If it's your first marriage, you don't actually call it a first marriage. *This is my first wife, Anna* FUCK YOU, I'M YOUR ONLY WIFE. *But honey, we might divorce and I can remarry.* That's a fun conversation.
Fucking meta, man. Which came first, Fargo the movie, or the theory that Fargo is based on a true story, or the true story that Fargo is based on?
Love the movie, but the book did a much better job of showing the ambiguousness of whether McCandless was an idiot or a hero or something in between. But I'd definitely read or watch, any day of the week.
Clean your room. If you need to perfume your room, that means you got some rotten stank somewhere.
No hooks in the pilot.
Just about any worker placement game will have you setting Terra Mystica aside forever. What part(s) of TM do you and your group like the most? * If it's the "area of control" aspect, **Dominant Species** has actual area of control rather than TM's *I claimed it and now it's mine forever* mechanic. * If it's the "engine building", anything on the economic side will get you running. **Agricola** is a popular worker placement game with your own little economic engine. Or you could get into something like **Automobiles**. * If it's the Fantasy characters, **Smallworld** ... though Smallworld is *super* light.
Too much going on to have sat down for a real game, but after the other week being stuck at game 3 of an **Agricola** solo series, last week I ended my series after completing game 11. Going to try with the "K" deck this week. * I have a *Stocks &amp; Bonds* game from the early-'60s that I bought at a garage sale ~4 years ago; still hasn't been played. Don't know if it ever will. I bought it for the cover art.
**Oryx and Crake, by Margaret Atwood** On Saturday I finally finished **The Pale King, by David Foster Wallace.** That wasn't a *bad* book, but it certainly felt like I was reading the salvaged pieces of an author's unfinished work. There'd be parts I was laughing to myself about, long segments I loved, but overall I found it frustrating. So on the way home I stopped by the bookstore looking for a palate cleanser. Originally, I was going to get something lighter, easy to read. Maybe a YA fiction or coming of age story. But nothing caught my eye, and I've had the MaddAddam trilogy on my mind since the final book came out a couple years ago. Started reading late of Saturday night and didn't put it away until the wee hours of the morning, having read the first half in one sitting. Terrifying and satisfying.
Obviously, "See you next year, have a great summer." If I could do high school over again, I'd take the $100 I spent on four years of yearbooks and instead buy like, some concert tickets. Twenty year reunion is next year and I've never looked at my yearbooks in the past twenty years.
When I was 19 I went to a dermatologist to check on some skin discolorations that I thought might be tumors/skin cancer. They biopsied and turned out it was a "tattoo". Apparently, asphalt getting embedded in your skin shows up in a biopsy as a tattoo -- I'd been hit by a car the previous year, and when my head hit the pavement, bits of asphalt dug into my noggin.
It's a book that keeps on giving. Enjoy the ride!
&gt; Scoring is another thing I've seen people complain about and I just don't understand it. This, I think, is people overcomplicating things, and happens to many games. It's as if looking at a set of five numbers is somehow "difficult". *Who's got the most apples?* I got 7. *OK, 15 points for Bob, who's got the second most?* Similar to the complaints I see about Dominant Species and "Dominance" taking "too much time". Yes, if after every action you go tile by tile to verify that the correct cone is on each tile, Dominance can be time consuming. But you don't need to, and there's no benefit to that. Just as you "could" choose to play a game of Chess where after every move you pause and ensure that there is no Check or Checkmate game condition, but that's not a need in the game.
&gt; I think most of my group hates Agricola. They describe the game as ... kind of stressful That what separates a fan of Agricola from someone who hates Agricola. Very few other games, even if they use the same WP mechanic, have that sense of *failure* that you can get from Agricola. Need six food but only have five? FAILURE! Want to upgrade that house of yours to Stone and need five stone but no matter what you do you can only get four stone? FAILURE! Other games tend to have a "well, you can't do you Plan A, so here's Plan B and Plan C, which would you like?", but Agricola just says "You can't have plan A, so suck it! Take plan K instead!" And that's why I like it.
I don't think the two trends are related any more than you could say Yoga and Bacon, which are both trending upwards are related. But of course I like beer with my games. I like beer anyways. Though beer with games is why I cannot teach more than two games in a gaming night ... by the time a third game would hit the table, my mental state is no where in training mode!
Well, yes. Would you have this conversation if, say, there was a game set in the antebellum South and the characters in the game included a Mammy and a Sambo caricature? Camel Up! uses Arab/Semetic caricature for some of the gambler characters in the game. That doesn't mean the *game* is racist. The game itself is blank. Without the faces, there's nothing racist going on.
**Agricola** ... I wish there were variable number of Major Improvements depending on how many players are in the game. In a two-player game, both players can end up with a fireplace/hearth and one of the ovens. But once you have a 5 player game, woe be to the player who starts building a good grain-to-bread food engine, only to see both ovens snatched up by other players.
Join the military as a grenadier. I am a bunker buster.
If they haven't yet arrived, could you please give me your address so I can intercept them?
I thought this was about "Heavy Cardboard" and was going to be bummed out. I love HC's review style - breaking it down to its parts and making comments on each. That way, if bad art is the only downfall, I can shuffle that away in my head and think, *I can overlook bad art if the mechanics are solid*. Congrats on 9 episodes though.
I love the "folk games" segment in SU&amp;SD podcast. Not reviewing a game, and it's not really news because it's not a game that a publisher is about to release, but sort of weird local culture stories on games.
Living in the northern Midwest, I'd never known that RWD was a "thing" until I moved to the coast. I tell you, the first time you try driving a RWD car after a blizzard is fucking terrifying.
You mean Olive Garden? Oh shit. Same thing, different cuisine.
No dialog. They'd just sit around staring at their phones, and everyone once in a while someone would say *OMG, you have to see this* and then show some Buzzfeed listicle to everyone else.
You're not familiar with me. I've been a transportation activist/bicycle advocate and bicycle commuter since the '90s. I've never owned a car. I've used my bicycle as my primary means of transportation for work, shopping, moving, camping, visiting friends. Safe bicycling means being on the road, visible, and predictable. That means don't dart in and out of lanes. Use lights if it's not full daylight. Claim a full fucking lane if you need to to have safe road access.
Definitely vote for Whithead's book. I have zero interest in playing poker, can't stand it when the "World Series of Poker" is running on a TV in a bar ... but that book is sweet.
I did like OITNB. But after the first season, it began to suffer from Jenji Kohan's imagination. Just like what happened with Weeds after the first few seasons, the show went off the rails. I think it's great to explore, but keep it grounded in reality, and I'll be happier.
Electric Hand Dryers. I really don't need to be told to press the button and then hold my hands in the warm air. It's a button. You press buttons. That's what you do. And then when I see warm air coming out of that nozzle, I'm gonna put my hands there.
Jacking Off, a multi-camera, live audience sitcom about Jack, a lazy jackhammer operator for the city of Hoboken.
Just don't leave any stains, and if you use lube make sure your hand is lube free.
"It's like solving a puzzle, and most of the time you're competing against other people solving the puzzle."
I can't think of 10 games that I play regularly, so I'll start listing games in order of favorite. * **Dominant Species**. God I love this game. Complex. Just enough randomness, with ability to mitigate the effects of the random nature. Highly competitive. * **Agricola**. Beautifully designed engine builder that pushes me to get just a little better each time I play. * **Carcassonne**. Perfect for when I want something light enough to pass the time without making my head go into spasms. * **Hive**. What's not to love about a bag of nice tiles that I can play a quick abstract 2-player game with? * **Twilight Struggle**. I love the Cold War, so being able to replay alternative versions of the Cold War makes me so happy. * **Keyflower**. Brilliant. Just bloody brilliant. * **Race for the Galaxy**. Still having a love/hate with this game. On one hand, I love the simultaneous actions - the deduction aspect of trying to decide what action your opponents are going to play. That *Oh man, I really want to Settle, but being able to produce too would be great ... is Sam going to Settle too? I mean, she's got a full hand right now and she'd only be able to produce on one world ... but maybe she's got a sweet Development card? Ughhh* feeling is amazing. On the other hand, the random nature bugs me -- get unlucky and end up drawing nothing but Blue production worlds and your only consume powers are for Brown and Green worlds, well, guess you're stuck producing/trading hoping to get some better cards, while you watch your opponents dropping down perfect little civilizations. * **Pandemic**. Doesn't get much play lately, but it's so fun. That gasp of breath when you're on the brink of an outbreak and you just *know* that you're due for an epidemic ... oh, too good.
I'll never understand the love for Terra Mystica. It presents itself as an area of control game with interesting decisions to be made. * *But it's not area of control.* Once a territory has my dwelling on it, it's mine. You can't build over it. In fact, building near me probably means you're going to give me power. And since you can build dwellings as part of the terraforming action, there are very few situations where you might terraform without building a dwelling (e.g. terraforming a hex adjacent to you and an opponent to be closer to your land type, further from theirs). * *The decisions are not interesting*. Each race has a playstyle. Deviate from that playstyle and you're playing wrong. Not that different than Smallworld - if you're playing Smallworld and you're not putting Hobbits on plains, you're just gimping yourself. But at least Smallworld is over and done in less than an hour.
Got it. So ... even less engaging than Catan, minus dice rolling. Yes, I'm simplifying it. But when your point is just a mechanic description, that's simplifying as well. It's like saying "I don't like Keyflower because the auction mechanic is not well executed" and having the response be "Well, it's not an auction mechanic, it's a bidding mechanic, so your argument is invalid".
Washing my scrotum with Dr. Bronner's peppermint soap. It's like a spritz of Icy-Hot.
That's my complaint with the DoW rulebook. It's so segmented that to know how a mechanic works, you really need to know what section and subsection that mechanic is in, and it's probably not in the one that you'd think it would be in.
Nothing quite like the dagger eyes your loved one can give you when you *know* they really need to move goods, and you *know* they have no spare yellow meeples, and you drop a yellow meeple on their home/transport tile.
Games from your list I'm familiar with: * **Dominion.** Rule wise, super easy. Draw 5 cards. On your turn, you got an action and a buy, plus any additional actions/buys provided by cards you play. Whoever has the most VP at the end wins. The devil is in learning to build your deck in a sensible way as you go along. * **Suburbia**. Another rule simple game. On your turn, buy a tile, place a tile, and then adjust your income/reputation/population/assets as noted. Obtain your income, increase/decrease your population, turn is over. Devil is in figuring out how to balance your income/reputation to win. * **Castles of Burgundy**. Figuring out how the tiles work together is the hardest part. But relatively simple. Roll two dice, use the dice to obtain tiles, place tiles or sell goods. The rule book is something of a mess - gets more detailed than it needs to be. * **Alhambra**. Because of the choices, this one is a touch more difficult, but still learnable in 10 minutes. On your turn, draw money, buy a tile, place a tile from reserve, or swap two tiles' locations. The first two actions are easy to understand, but figuring out how to effectively use the reserve pile and tile swapping is somewhat maddening. Of the above, I could teach you any in 10 minutes or less. You'll understand how the game works, but not how to play well. (Sort of like teaching someone how chess "works" is super easy - just explain the movement patterns of each piece and what check/checkmate means - but teaching someone how to be a good chess player is not easy at all.)
Even though I know **Agricola** inside and out, teaching it makes my brain hurt. *So you're developing a farm for your family. You'll get resources like wood, clay, reed, stone, as well as grains and vegetables, sheep, boar and cows. You can plant grains and vegetables, but only on a plowed field. And you can keep an animal in your home, or in a stable, or a pasture, or a stabled pastures. And you need to feed your family - you get food by doing these actions, or by baking bread, or roasting animals, those two need ovens or fireplaces, but you can't roast animals in ovens. And you can only bake bread with this action spot, or with a card that gives you an ability ....* As a system, it makes perfect sense, but it's a difficult game to break into constituent parts. * What is wood for? Well, for extending wood homes, but once you upgrade to clay, you can't use wood to build rooms, unless allowed by a card. And fences or stables, and you use the build room space to build stables. Oh, and some improvements. * Clay? See wood. * Stone? See clay. * What's reed for? Building rooms, upgrading, and some improvements, oh, and that major improvement that turns reed into food.
I can only think of a couple abandoned books ... **Joseph Conrad, The Secret Agent**. Started this one in 5th grade. Still have the bookmark where I left off. **Marlon James, The Book of Night Women**. Wish I could get through the patois that so much of the book is written in. Outside of that, maybe a couple short story or essay collections that I leave to come back and read another short story from later on.
Vanilla Ice was transracial first.
&gt; Not everyone needs to watch a SUSD or Tom Vasel style review. I'd be happy never watching a Tom Vasel review. I'm sure he's a swell person, I just can't watch him for more than a minute. Now, SU&amp;SD? That's a different story. I'd watch them review anything. If they got into movie reviews, I'd watch those. Heck, if they started reviewing coffee makers on Amazon, I'd watch that.
Quite easy. If you leave the "advanced goods" out of the game, even easier. 1. You're a merchant. You want to get a lot of goods to the market. 2. But contraband is worth big points. 3. And even if you're playing legit, you might not have lots of bread to move, and you can't "legally" move more than one type of good. 4. So you might need to lie. Convincingly. 5. And twice a game, you get to be a Sheriff, who gets points for sussing out the liars. There's the basis. From there, its' discarding/drawing rules and how points are made.
What is a game if not competitive? A non-competitive game is simply "play". Not that *play* is in and of itself bad. Play is good. But play is not the same as a game. The distinction is what makes a LARP different from watching 5-year-olds playing pretend. In a LARP, there are established rules that govern play, even if the competition element is loose or non-existent -- if you're a spell caster, you don't suddenly say I HAVE A BROADSWORD NOW AND I CUT YOU IN HALF. But 5-year-olds playing pretend can do that -- at one point you're a cop, then you're a robber, now we're all dinosaurs, but you're an astronaut and we're chasing after you and the floor is lava except where I'm standing. Fluxx is this thing that tries to go both ways. There are rules, which are temporary and arbitrary. And a win condition. So it's almost a game, and almost play. It's not fully play, because whatever cards are down establish rules. But it's not fully a game, because whatever rules you were playing with when it was your turn might be entirely discarded.
If Teddy didn't have at least one tattoo, I'd be shocked.
Trunk that won't open. You know it'll end up being a dead body, or full of smuggled guns/drugs. Seller accepting any offer, as long as it's cash in low bills, as long as you can get it off their property, like, now.
I would have worn a sweater that didn't have a huge rip in the armpit. But yes, I would have still met her.
Keyflower is almost as punishing as Agricola. No, you're not pulling Beggar Cards when you mess up, but it's a terrible feeling to look at your beautiful little town with a ton of ore sitting two hexes away from the tile you need to move the ore onto to get 3 points per ore ... and realizing that you only have the meeples to get two of them there and the rest of that ore was produced for *nothing*.
Met a girl I'll call Janis at a coffee shop. Asked her out, made plans for later that week. She said she'd pick me up. So she shows up. Her friend Ellen is in the back seat. She explains that she has to drop Ellen off at a "meeting". As we get closer to the place where the meeting is, she says "I hope you don't mind, but I have to drop in and check in with my sponsor." As we get even closer, "Oh, the meeting is a closed AA meeting, we can go out after. You'll have to pretend to be in AA." So I sit through an AA meeting. I share my story. *Hi, I'm automator3000 and I'm an alcoholic*. Made up some rock bottom story for the group, kept it short. After the meeting I'm ready for my date. Janis says her sponsor wasn't there, so she has to drive over there. Oh, and her sponsor doesn't think she's ready to date yet, so she needs to go there alone. So now I'm stranded at an AA meeting. All the other recovering alcoholics leave, the meeting house gets locked up. I walk the 5 miles home. Never see Janis or Ellen again. What a weird night. At least I got a ton of free coffee.
Y2K hysteria didn't have much of a foothold in the '80s. Computers weren't commonplace in homes, and even most businesses didn't use a computer system. Really caught fire in the later years of the '90s when everything seemed connected by computers and the idea of a little bug in how dates are calculated would fry the world seemed real.
My roommate during my freshman year at university was very unhappy when he walked in on me and the girl he had fancied his girlfriend having some sex. The rest of the school year was full of tension.
... as she masturbated furiously.
Here's a balloon of nitrous. Enjoy.
&gt; Do not buy a card if it does not fit Or if it's something that you'll only use once, but stays in your deck.
&gt; A suspicious number of girls become aware of Hogwarts' secret passages. I think you meant *Harry's* secret passages.
Yes. The HP series already obsesses enough about wand length, wood and core (without actually talking about *why* these details matter), that this could be multiple chapters.
I do love the player boards for **BrewCrafters** (though I wish they didn't warp so badly).
Figure out a way to change back. Her job requires way too much patience with people. I can tell people to bugger off.
That's great and all, but I don't want to live in a world where a serving of butter is only a teaspoon. A serving is closer to a stick of butter.
The Kinks had some great records.
ON YOUR LEFT. This is such a bullshit convention. I'm riding in a straight line. You can see that. I'm going to keep going in a straight line. I can hear your chain and derailleur. You can pass me without bothering me. So don't shout "On your left." We don't expect cars to give a courtesy honk when passing, so why bikes?
OK, so June 19 1995 was a Monday. Probably working at the Circuit City I was employed at. Tearing price tags for the new releases, likely, or setting up a standee for some new on VHS/DVD.
Mother, Grandmother, Sister?
You mean my conjoined triplet daughters?
And "ON YOUR LEFT" isn't startling? A bike passing is a bike passing. It's what I'm doing. I'm not shouting. But by shouting "on your left" you are shouting, which is startling. Just pass me. It's not that hard. Now, if I'm swerving left and right, or riding side-by-side with someone, sure, a little "on your left" lets me know to move off to the side because someone is passing.
Three years or so into gaming as a hobby, and wife still swears by Carcassonne as her #1 favorite of all the games we own. I'll play it just about any day. Virtually no set up, play doesn't drag, doesn't lend itself to too much AP, has enough thoughtful choices that I feel engaged, but not so much thinking that I feel like I can't be having a conversation or prepping dinner while we play. And it's portable-ish ... when we travel or go camping, we'll throw the tiles and some meeples into a big zip-loc baggie and score manually (or with a phone app).
Since I'm not a Kindle/Audible user (though I was gifted a Kindle this weekend, so maybe I will be), the analogy I have is music. I primarily listen to music through Spotify. But I still buy physical records. I guess mostly for the artifact, and for my future children to discover. I want my kids to be able to flip through my albums on a rainy Saturday afternoon and say "What's Sleater-Kinney" and play it and either love it or hate it. Same goes for books. I want my future children to be able to look at a bookshelf when they want something to read and pull down a copy of The Poisonwood Bible because the spine attracted their eye.
Liquor.
Don't the experts say that like 99% of arguments in marriage are about money? Was probably about how much to tip the delivery boy. Wife: Honey, you should have tipped at least 15% Husband: That's crazy - I'll tip 15% to a server, but not someone who's just delivering the pizza. Wife: Why not? Husband: Because the delivery boy isn't coming by and refilling my soda or asking how I like the pizza, they just hand it over and they're gone! Wife: You're so cheap. Husband: I'm cheap? I'M CHEAP? I wouldn't have to be so cheap if you wouldn't spend all our money on shoes! Wife: I haven't bought shoes since May! Husband: OOOOOHHH, you've lasted a whole TWO FUCKING WEEKS!
Should've had your mom buy your sister a razor.
Ice Cream. Would melt every damn time.
Short version? More people want to live in/near NYC than want to live in Texas.
Still wouldn't be *better* than fresh. I might be really good at masturbation, but it's not *better* than sex.
Unless you're an artist, in which case I'd darn well better notice that you've done something.
After a crap day of working, this is exactly the giggle I needed to get back to work.
Dominos Pizza. Boss: *Thanks for your hard work. I brought in Pizza* Everybody: **YAEAH! WE LOVEE PIZZZAA!** Me: *Ugh, Dominos*
I can sometimes consider **Race for the Galaxy** to be "filler". From set up to tear down, it's about 30 minutes, but those 30 minutes are filled with "OMG, what do I do now" decisions.
Or Forbidden Island; similar mechanics, but significantly easier to learn/play.
In any case, I would sign up for this class. Good luck! The only "evolution" that I can think of off the top of my head would be a comparison of **Dominion** to **Artic Scavengers**. While both are deck builders with the same base mechanics, the game that comes out of them are very much different.
Most of them, really. I don't do open gaming or meetup groups or anything like that. This means gaming is only friends, and that means dealing with schedules. If I'm open for games, that doesn't mean friends are open for games. Or if we're both open, maybe friends would rather go bowling or to the beach. TL;DR: busy lives and not playing with strangers means not playing often. But I'm in no rush to get rid of them. I have bookshelves **full** of books that I might never re-read, but I'm not giving them away. I'm not living in a tiny studio apartment, so having a shelf of rarely played games isn't a problem.
&gt; I own an expansion for the Star Wars card game and I don't have the base set. Because it was on clearance at B&amp;N... sigh. OK, that is a sign of compulsive buying that gave me my morning giggle.
That's a lovely feeling. A couple weekends ago, I'd bought **Oryx and Crake** on the way home. My wife went out for the night, so I started reading. She got home at around 2 a.m. and that's when I realized I'd been reading non-stop for nearly six hours.
My SO won't play TS because "It's like the SAT math section".
I have too many game friends like you. Which is too bad, because in my ranking of favorite genres, Worker Placement is #1, everything else is **way** behind.
She did give it two tries, to her credit, and it's only one of two games that we own that she won't play. (Actually it's the only one - she used to refuse to play Race for the Galaxy, but in the past couple months we've played a few times.)
Good job on a year. Though I'm kinda freaked that I'm listening to a grandfather. In my mind, y'all were younger than I am.
&gt; The game allows everyone to negotiate naturally. There are not a lot of rules getting in the way of gameplay. This is my favorite things with SoN. There are no artificial feeling restrictions. The negotiation turns into a conversation - you tell me you're going to open my bag, I offer a bribe, you ask again what I have, I tell you something, you press me on why I'm bringing more apples when I already have a lot of apples, I explain that I'm afraid of losing my monopoly, you beg for a higher bribe ... oh I love it.
Lunch break. I go sit in a park and read for an hour. No one bothers me.
Not nearly as much as mandatory cannibalism.
I recommend them all.
Dairy/Egg OK? Pizza. Or if you've got some skills, lasagna, eggplant parmesan. Really, any pasta dish. Stir fry or curry. Homemade veggie burgers. Chili with no meat, or sub in some tempeh.
A chain store in a shopping mall never has, and never will have "edge".
Came here to say Saints. Get it on.
Part of me really wants to go to a park one day and see a bunch of 20something dude bros playing beer pong and screaming *SHOTS!* in the middle of the afternoon, and then after grilling is done some strippers show up.
My first two jobs (20+ years ago) were at companies that are out of business, so I can't support them any more.
Yes. Sometimes you want to see a stripper in full sunlight ... or do you?
Started on **The Lacuna, by Barbara Kingsolver**. Only 30ish pages in. Like other Kingsolvers I've read, it takes me a while to get into the book, at which point I'm 100% into it.
Hmmm ... better than Bone Clocks? Guess I should check this out. Burned through that one while on vacation last fall. (Though nothing will ever beat Cloud Atlas).
Man oh man, I loved that book. Especially when she's describing momma bigtree's big spectacle. It was so real sounding.
If I get a new game, I unbox, and read the rules. I don't "play through", but I do make sure that I know which bits are which, which cards are which, what different areas of the board me, etc. So it's almost like playing, but without the playing. And then I explain the best I can? If I'm planning on doing a game night with a specific game that some players haven't played, I will recommend some play through videos, and *hopefully*, everyone coming over will watch before showing up.
Be as lazy as you can be. Get some "salad mix", put some dressing on it. You're done. Slightly less lazy: pasta with some kind of sauce. Boil pasta. Heat sauce from a jar. Are you feeling extra fancy? Heat some frozen meatballs, sausage, or chicken (or chicken substitute) strips and add to the sauce. Easy, but more time consuming. Roast something. Get yourself a chicken or a roast or something. Heat up the oven. Get some oil or butter or whatnot all over the thing you're gonna roast. Then put salt and pepper all over it. Get it hot in the oven until it's done. Take it out and eat it. More adventurous? Stir fry. Make some rice. Get a pan, get it hot. Put in some oil, then some stuff. Bok Choy, onions, garlic, red peppers, tofu, chicken, pork, beef, baby fingers, bung, shrimp, baby corn, whatever. Then dump some premade/bottled sauce in there, or make some with a little soy sauce, rice vinegar, a little corn starch and whatever. Serve on rice.
Upvoting/downvoting would no longer matter. Your "Reddit Feed" would be seemingly arbitrary, based on a secret algorithm of what you have viewed and upvoted or posted to in the past.
You'd think I would be, right? But not at all - it's the lawyer in me.
Let the learning roll over you. My first weeks of owning this game is start a run, die within three days, start over, die in a day, on repeat. Then that turned into surviving five days before dying, and then 10 days. Finally I hit a stride - I could reliably start a game and survive at least 30 days, only then dying because I'd done something truly foolish (note: deciding to explore an area an hour before dusk just because you're "bored" will lead to death).
Easy mistake to make - sure you're tired, cold, hungry and dehydrated ... but you wouldn't want to leave all that venison just sitting there. There are starving kids in China who would *love* to have that much venison.
This is how I feel; at game beginning, Stalker is annoyingly difficult to me, but once the first ten days or so are taken care of, you probably have a bow and a couple arrows, knife and hatchet. With that, you just need to not get ballsy and go out venturing when it's not needed.
In a world where I have to cull my collection to 10 games ... * Carcassonne * Agricola * Dominant Species * Hive * Twilight Struggle * Dead of Winter * Castles of Burgundy * Anomia * Keyflower * Suburbia This way I have a spread from easy party games to thinky group games.
I think we should play a game of **Concept** to deduce the name of the game.
I find it depends on the building. Buildings with plenty of Windows: easy to see. Buildings with few Windows: hard to see. It's close to realistic. Think of your own home - you probably have lights on even if the sun hasn't set. (This is especially true in the far north, where TLD takes place - only at the brightest times of the day can I leave lights off.)
With individual objectives, DoW avoids the quarterbacking that can happen in co-ops. Sure, you can tell me all you want that I should send one of my characters to the gas station or build a blockade at the colony, but if my goal means I should be searching the police station, I'm going to the police station. Maybe you'll think I'm a betrayer??
Besides doing it yourself? I'm sure there's someone who's done this.
"Need something spoiled" Right there in the title, so yes you definitely misread that by reading "spoiler free" when the word free was nowhere to be found.
A good anecdote. Preferably funny. Maybe something funny that happened at work.
Booze.
It's a cultural touchstone. No, there are probably not a lot of people who watch Zulu for the first time any more, but it's been floating around for long enough that our cultures idea of what a sub Saharan nation is.
Where are the wolves? Didn't know it was possible to move anywhere in CH without running into wolves.
Tie: 1. Seeing that you're reading the newspaper and decide that they *must* immediately sit on the newspaper. 2. Something is sitting on a table. Their mind registers that their singular goal in life is to now knock it on the ground.
Well, you can stab the wolf ... just not before it lunges at you. I've had games where I'm having crap luck at finding ranged weapons and turn to antagonizing wolves, stabbing them, then following their blood trail until they collapse. Maybe other weapons, found or crafted will work their way into the game. But too many just leads to bloat - do you really want to play if you need a bow, crossbow, multiple size snares, various guns with different ammo, different arrows with different flight characteristics, etc etc?
I think mods need to get back on the "Share your weekly playthrough" post.
No biggie - the playthrough posts are there so this sub doesn't become a flood of everyone's play stories. Since the influx of players with the recent sale, it's been a little out of hand.
Ok, now I need to see if my old MoO2 disc is still somewhere. Lost countless hours to massive games of this in college.
The **Seg-Way** was supposed to revolutionize urban transport. Downtowns were supposed to end up basically free of cars and instead everyone would move around safely on seg-way. Instead, they exist for mall security.
My wife insists that I remove dust jackets when reading the book, so the jacket doesn't get dirty/ripped/etc. I leave it on - I'd rather any mess would get on a dust jacket rather than on the actual book cover. And in a pinch, dust jacket can be used to mark a page.
Alphabetical by Author and then in order of publishing (by original publishing date) is my way.
I would love some government to take that correlation and read it as causation and then make lottery tickets come stamped with a huge warning **Lottery Tickets are known to the state of California to increase your risk of Drug Overdose and Suicide**.
I suggest getting a fever of 100+F and watching the entire series in one sitting while drinking whiskey - it becomes amazing.
Learn how to siphon gas. Panhandle. Don't buy bottled water. Just have something you can fill up at a drinking fountain.
She takes it off, but next chance I have I put it back on
That's the likely end - I'll probably keep this game open and when I want a few mindless moments sleep and drink through a couple days just to have an "easy" 200 day achievement on the books.
First in my memory is Kathy Ireland.
Umps are part of the game. The game is not just balls, strikes, hits, runs and errors.
Don't even need a cold press - toss grinds in a jar or pitcher, add water, filter in some way.
Was it in the cache?
Why would you ever remove the zombies/survivors from their bases?
When the seasons shift and I pack up winter clothes, I always find a fifth of booze or two or some random tall boys in my closet, just hanging out behind my boots
You can chill now. I went a bit overboard on a recent play, killing two bears within about a week of each other, plus multiple wolves and a deer or two. Nearly all that meat is now in the 10-20% condition range
I'd lose hard, but Teddy Roosevelt would be an awesome fighting partner
Learned that the first time I tried bear hunting. One shot, two shots - bear attack. Limped up and went to shoot again - wtf? Where is my rifle??
On the bright side, you can boil up a **ton** of water with a 12 hour fire.
Every once in a while, those games happen. 15 days in on my current play (first real shot at Stalker), and no hatchet. Last game was no rifle or arrowheads for nearly 40 days. Part of the challenge is making do with what you have, or searching what you're lacking.
Went for a walk up to the lookout, seeking a hatchet. Made the mistake of trying to sneak by a bear. Nope. Got knocked to 9%, bandaged, ate, took a short nap. Would have been fine, but when I went to pick up my bed roll, I accidentally hit "sleep" for an hour - that's when bear came back. GOOD MORNING SUNSHINE
Splendor was a pleasant surprise for me. I'd seen it demoed a couple times and it seemed sooooo very dry that is pegged it as a game I wouldn't enjoy at all. But then a friend brought a copy over. I'm generally up for anything, so we played. And I got into it. Scanning the table and trying to balance what I want to buy with denying you what you want to buy. Good fun.
Ditto. Dominion was one of my first games and I liked it then, but now the grind doesn't intrigue me.
Should be finishing up **H is for Hawk, by Helen Macdonald**. It's one of those books I don't want to end. And my read-aloud to my wife of **Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, by JK Rowling** will finish up this week. A few years ago we started a habit of me reading to her while she falls asleep. Last Christmas we brought back her HP books from her parent's home and began at book one shortly after NYE. Over the past year we've read the series. While I have huge problems with the books (mostly with inconsistent world building - e.g. why does the wizarding world use technology such as clocks and steam trains, but not automobiles or telephones? What do wizarding children do for schooling prior to age 11? Why is Quiddich such a terribly designed game?), it's been a fun read, and our next book is going to have some mighty big shoes to fill.
Oh that was a good one.
You're asking for provocation to include chasing a wolf off a kill. Fine. The game doesn't include that. If you want a different game, play a different game. If you want a game where wolves will go after you, play on Voyageur or Stalker difficulty. Pilgrim is solely for you versus the elements. (I'm not saying Pilgrim isn't about mechanics.)
I think it's like any collecting or hobby - you're new to the hobby and have nothing, so you grab a lot of relevant items. And then you hit a good baseline; anything more that you pick up is extra. I think in my first year of boardgaming, when everything was new, I bought something like 40 games. From there, I got to know what kind of games I like and what I don't like. For me to want a game now, it's got to be a type that I like, without being too much like something I already own - obviously that means fewer games that meet those criteria.
Not to mention the hilarity of playthrough posts of ... *Day 175 ... Went fishing in Coastal Highway. I'd brought plenty of wood, fished for a while, caught some big ones. Blizzard whipped up, so I bedded down. Woke up to see that the ice had broken up around me. Survived on my fish from yesterday for a day and a half before my fishing hut sank, bringing me down with it.
A hut the size in this game? Would probably be pulled out by hand or with 4-wheeler.
If a group of three school kids can obtain the ingredients and make it (on multiple occasions), without ever getting caught, that points to it as not being all that hard. From the way it's made out, it's about methamphetamine-level difficult.
No thanks. I don't need to watch two hours of Leonardo DiCaprio grunting.
I'll add ... **Suburbia** (Though you might consider the "hidden/personal goal" to be against your qualifications.) **Dominant Species** **Castles of Burgundy** **Hive** **Smallworld** This is what I can think of from my collection without looking it over. Probably quite a few more than that.
Being a polio fetishist.
When someone says I *need* to see a movie just because I enjoy a game, I think comments are acceptable. I also like playing the Civilization series. Doesn't mean I *need* to see **300**. Maybe OP should keep their love of a movie in a film sub? (Side note - I've already seen The Revenant. Just because it happens in the snow doesn't mean it has any relevance to TLD. May as well say we *need* to watch the following: Alive, Into the Wild, Everest, Wild, and so on and so forth.) TLD isn't actually a great snowstorm sim - temps aren't low enough. I deal with colder temps for most of the winter on my bike ride to work.
I enjoyed it just fine. Iñárritu is a freakin genius, DiCaprio and Hardy are great actors, the setting is awe inspiring. If you want to talk oversimplification, OP posting that Revenant is a must see because we subscribe to this sub is an oversimplification.
I just back away. Last Stalker game I spawned just off of Jackrabbit Island. As I walked to the island, I have the wolves a wide berth. Saw one wolf pounce at a rabbit. *Free lunch* I thought to myself. Drew the wolf off his lunch, and then backed toward the island. No torch, no flare, no bait. (I mean, I'd just started - I don't know if I even had a flare!) Once I'd made it to the cabin, I entered, did a quick search, then walked out the front door. Then back down to the ice to harvest the rabbit. As long as you leave a "back out" option, you can escape nearly all wolf encounters without fire.
There is no safe bear that isn't a dead beat.
Easier to play with a puppy if he's not running away.
Once had a headshot ricochet off the wolf - killed the wolf, but the arrow was flung a dozen or so paces off.
The cynic wins again. I know people who use public domain works as their publishing houses sole content. Sometimes it's just a cash grab. But two publishers I know do it because they love printing things and do very nice printed books using traditional methods.
They'd approach Brass or Le Havre by reading the rules and playing? Should there be a "gateway" to monopoly? Because, I mean, thinking about both roll and move and set collection *and* resource management might be too much.
If someone doesn't have the desire, why would they have desire for, say, Settlers of Catan, but not Agricola? People act like board games are this esoteric hobby. There's no talk of a gateway to German silent cinema or impressionist painting - it's something you experience and learn the ins and outs of along the way.
I'll definitely toss this one in the mix. *Dude, you're having a serious case of TD - just make a move already!!*
I use maths as an opposite to games. You cannot get calculus without a background. You can get the most "complex" game without ever having played a game.
Imagine this game of Monopoly where a totally ignorant player is there. Since you haven't described the rules or goal, this player is buying property at random. No sets. Meanwhile, everyone else has monopolies and is building houses and hotels, and our poor new player is just praying to roll a 7 to land on free parking.
He'd have a heck of a time proving that he is a natural citizen
Great! I've been itching for some big games, hope to make it for at least part of the day!
This summer is get this error maybe every three times I would load up Civ. No changes to video card or drivers (been playing on same computer since game was launched). Haven't updated any drivers or anything since, error hasn't popped up in months.
I don't sweat small damages. You'd have to have a filthy bag, or be recklessly jamming a book into a bag to "ruin" a book by just putting it in a bag. Now, if I'm bringing a lunch to work that has some sauce involved, I'll make sure the chances of sauce getting all over my book are minimized.
