Their actions show a disregard for human lives, and are entirely self-interested, it's pretty psychopathic.
Well, I think it depends on how much technology is going to change the face of society, and what happens until then. But honestly, print as we know it now is probably going to be a largely vanished medium.
Looks like Chris Evans and Donald Glover.
When you buy debt you don't have any control over that country, you're basically making an investment for yourself. Buying debt is an investment, it basically says, "This country has a good economy and I know they will pay me back". It's when no one wants to invest in your debt that you know things are bad. So people that freak out about China owning US debt don't understand why China is buying. China isn't buying US debt to hurt us, if the US economy tanked China would lose a lot of money and it would be bad for China. Countries owning one another's debt means there is some incentive there for them to make sure both parties are healthy economically so the country who got the loan can pay it back. Also, you can't really just get out of an economic catastrophe by printing more money, i'm kind of being simple with the explanation, but the more money I print the less each dollar is worth, so if I printed 10 billion dollars to fix some debt budget hole, the dollars would be worth less and not be able to fill the hole, so I would be caught in a loop of printing more and more money and being unable to pay everything off.
Usually it is just internal guidelines, and how it makes you feel while watching it. Certain kind of shots are just jarring or make people feel uncomfortable, kind of like why jump-cuts aren't popular, and sometimes it is also just stuff that doesn't make the actor look that flattering. Usually things that are jarring are only done to make a point because they are usually very memorable.
Movies =/= Network television. Also, i'm not saying these suggestions and style guidelines are never broken, just that for most subjects they are inappropriate and avoided for their jarring qualities.
Well most human beings value human lives, but the question is how effective is our aid REALLY? It's not that we shouldn't give aid, it's that a lot of western aid destroys local businesses and makes the economy worse in the country we're dumping our unwanted corn feed and 2nd hand clothing on, all while hurting farmers and the clothing industries in those countries, and doing NOTHING to fix the root causes. We love temporary band-aids that make us feel like heroes. The better things we can do are international debt forgiveness, micro-loans and grants to people building businesses and infrastructure in those countries.
Right I agree, throwing money and supplies that aren't needed at problems don't help people.
The Cloning facilities were disabled during the Clone Wars, by the time of the OT the Empire had started conscripting people and opened academies, the Clone Troopers were almost all gone by then. By this time of the First Order, they has lost most of the Imperial academies, and have taken to pirate raids where they kidnap and brainwash children to fill out their ranks.
Do you just think every writer is identical? Do you think everyone writes identical to 2005 George Lucas? Larry Kasdan has a certain kind of cadance to his writing, read the script to ESB, read the leaked script for TFA. This sounds like no example of his writing that has ever existed. Also at least GL's scripta looked and felt like scripts regardless of the wooden dialogue. It isn't just that the dialogue is weak, it's that this reads like no Star Wars script ever made, and specifically that it sounds like a first semester filmmaking student and not like someone who has been writing screenplays for the last 40 years.
It is not standard for the screenwriter to get 50% of the gross profits in any universe. Even in the 1 in a million case where the suit isn't filed by a crazy person all they get is a small sum and credit, e.g. just like Harlan Ellisom and Terminator, he didn't end up making 50% of the fucking profits, he got a settlement and credit.
Because that is a pulled pork melt not a grilled cheese.
Where do you live where people harass you?
Satan was an angel. Reminds me of the story of Satan offering Christ dominion over the world.
Complete just a page a day and that is roughly three features a year, give or take a few weeks for brainstorming/outlining.
I have heard from a few people who have worked as crew on the show that she is... rough to work with. Like, "Don't look me in the eye or you're fired", kind of rough. She is apparently a beast on set and there have been a lot of really bad stories passed around about her.
I think that is a big part of it, a "don't stare at me, do your fucking job and stop acting like it's a big deal being here", is pretty common in the industry, if you get ga-ga over celebrities or anything it's the wrong place for you to be, so it can be seen as disrespectful and unprofessional if you're gawking at people.
Actually they explain this in the Wachowski approved canon MMO, you find documents during a mission that show that Anderson was an experimental unite that had wireless hook-ups in his physical body, the machines were testing Matrix WiFi to potentially make humans who could be shut down and re-Matrixed wirelessly, thus making future Zion invasions easier/cleaner/less-costly. The Oracle knew about the program, and positioned it so Anderson would be "The One", knowing that his wireless hook-ups could be harnessed to allow him to effect machines outside of the Matrix and thus break the cycle of Zion being destroyed over and over.
He actually had special hook-ups, it's the reason the Oracle chose him because she knew he would be able to use the hardware to stop the machines IRL, they explain it in the MMO which was canon approved by the Wachowskis.
Vincent looks in the case, the entire point of contention between him and Jules and what they spend most of the film discussing is Vincent's skepticism vs. Jules spiritual awakening; why would he flat out reject the concept of God, miracles, and the supernatural after having personally witnessed a soul?
That the briefcase in Pulp Fiction contains Marsellus Wallace's soul. The entire point of the briefcase storyline is that Jules is going to escape the cycle of violence that eventually destroys all criminals because of his spiritual awakening, Vincent refuses to acknowledge the miracle and continues down the path of evil. If Vincent personally witnessed a soul contained in a briefcase, why in the hell would he spend the rest of the film arguing with Jules about miracles and god?
I HIGHLY recommend the film "Funny Bones" if you like him, he is BRILLIANT in it, and it's another great-late role for Jerry Lewis. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE1wCo3N6As
Well I don't know if it's "religious", but it's right in the dialogue, Jules argues that Vincent needs to recognize a miracle happened and Vincent refuses claiming that life is just coincidences. Not to mention their entire discussion at the end, Jules wants to travel the earth seeking spiritual purity, and Vincent says that he is just going to be a worthless bum. I think you can't analyze the case storyline without dealing with the fact that it has a spiritual aspect to it.
If you ever find yourself in Tennessee dinner is on me!
I never said that the film was CHRISTIAN, I merely said that SPIRITUALITY and recognizing miracles is a central theme of the Jules/Vincent storyline, all religious themes does not mean a "Christian"-theme. Jules recognizes that there is more to life than the violence he exists in and leaves it. Vincent refuses to recognize that and is destroyed by it.
Why do you have little faith in John Goodman?
I am seeing a lot of parallels to the comic "Irredeemable", which would probably also be impossible to get made conventionally.
The good thing about that money is that the government makes new money in tax revenue every year to do new stuff with.
China is the minority of debt holders, and holding our debt does not hurt us, it's an investment in us because we pay back our debts. That isn't the issue.
The government provides services, we pay a membership fee for the services they provide, they pull in new revenue every year from those membership fees.
That isn't a bad thing though, we're paying off the debt, we don't default on it, our securities are good, it's why people invest in us. And we do have money, we sell securities for money we'll pay off for money we can flip around and invest now. It's one of the ways we keep the economy growing as fast as it does.
Fingers and toes crossed.
We pay off the securities as they mature, while getting more credit for new programs which we then turn around and pay off when they mature.
They are 1500 light years away, if it is aliens and they are just now building a sphere, that means that probably stopped using tradition radio decades or centuries ago.
Yea. Contact Amazon and tell them you accidentally got the wrong book.
Tell them "I bought this here a few weeks ago as a present for my Cousins birthday, but after the party I realized it was the wrong set, but I had already tossed the receipt, here is the card I bought it with." They won't be able to find it on the card if they even ask, and will ask if a gift card to Walmart is fine.
Buy a shirt, tell them you're going to look at one last thing before you leave, get something more expensive, pop off the security stuff and take it to the front, on the way to the front toss it in your bag. You just go ahead and toss it in the bag if there is no one back in the section you're looking at.
Because they didn't want it rotting on the surface of the ground with flies and coyotes snooping around to feast on a rotting corpse which makes everything smell like death?
But offering the card adds that little extra plausibility even if they don't run it. If they do run it just act confused if it doesn't show up and they always give a gift card.
With Ebooks, not if you do it within 15 minutes.
That's what the bag is for.
This is a thread about how to do illegal and unethical things. No of course don't take advantage of people and lie and abuse customer service people.
Oh man! The castle the kid buys in "Blank Check" is in Texas. It's like destiny.
What would be the motivation for the future Omni Bank that controls all wealth to punish an external economy that can offer it no more wealth?
If 10 people own all of the wealth, then they've won, they have all of the money. What would they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy that can't offer them anything?
Right, in the scenario they've already won, what do they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy with nothing to offer them?
I think there is a big difference between being a stupid kid and using a few drugs and being a destroyed person.
Right but once again, in this future scenario they have already won, they have all of the money, why try to attack an external economy that can offer nothing to them and never threaten them.
You would if the Ants created an entomologist.
He said they look like Batman, either he means they look like Batman out of the costume, or he's referencing the fact that they are wearing martial arts armor?
Maybe he just really wants to be ready for Suicide Squad.. it's hawt today.
Glad you're doing better!
The cops would have been there within the first minute of the video and he would have been on the ground drowning in his own blood.
Well not grow in the same way. How it's been happening is that manufacturing jobs come in, and it allows people to move out of a rural existence and move up, they can invest in their child's education using their blue-collar job, start owning things, and their child can have a white-collar job. All economies transition, and things come in and out of them that offer profit. Once we have mass-automation, the last few countries which haven't had a chance to see a mass of manufacturing jobs come there will be able to switch over to machines. The question is how do we transition from humans having those jobs to robots, how quickly is it going to happen? Will there been any developing economies actually left by the time we get there? Will the economics of scale factor in and it still be cheaper for a lot of those jobs to remain with humans if there are other infrastructure issues? Will we be able to transition globally into some variation of the basic income system if there aren't any jobs for people to do? Will new jobs emerge which we can't imagine now?
Your clothes can smell because you were around people smoking or smoking previously, but you weren't currently high. Maybe he gave a lift to some people who were themselves either smoking recently, or around people that were smoking? So you can't even be certain that the people that left the scent in the car were high much less that the driver was at all responsible.
And the only forces that can in any way compare to the Federation in size and power are the Dominion and the Borg, both are over a thousand years old or more by the time that the Federation meets them, and even though the Federation faces horrible initial battles, they quickly rebuild and adapt. The Federation is able to rebuild the fleet after the Battle of Wolf 359 within a year, the Federation was able to spring back almost instantly from the initial failures in the Dominion War. So the two wars with superior-teched organizations of equal or greater size ended in Federation victories. A single star-ship was able to spread a technological virus to the Borg and destroyed their Transwarp hub killing billions of Borg, and leading to a civil war where reawakened Borg split away and fought against the Collective. The Dominion War ended with a peace treaty. There are many forces in the Galaxy more powerful than the Federation, but there are few that can adapt as quickly, once the Federation is faced with a problem, it gets solved quickly.
Zionism was founded by athiest socialists in the 1800's to escape the rabid anti-Semitism of Europe. Religious Zionism is a movement of it's own. Zionism is merely the belief in a Jewish state in the name of political self-determination, anything else you believe is extra.
An attack on Zionism as a concept is an attack on Jews having political self-determination. You can attack the opinions of a wrong feminist without attacking the concept of feminism. Feminism is just the idea that women deserve equal rights to men, if someone who is a radicalist pulls that into a wrong and hateful direction it doesn't undermine feminism as a concept just that person. Just like the existence of evil or radical zionists shouldn't undermine the Jewish people's right to control their own destiny.
Except there are dozens of sub categories of Zionism.
Depends on your definition of "not rare". Statistically thet happen max a few hundred times a year, most gun crime is gang related not previously uncriminal people getting into arguments.
Conceal-carry has doubled in the last 20 years, the percentage pf women owning guns has doubled, gun-sales have skyrocketed, and other polls have suppprt contrary evidence that gun ownership rates are stable or rising.
And now it's not illegal and crime is still going down.
More like, for years people warned against it because gun crime would go up and it didn't. I am not saying they are connected, I am saying that they increased and what was claimed would happen didn't.
Except I never said that. I said that critics said more CC would lead to an epidemic of public shootings, it didn't, they have gone down.
Mass shootings are so small on the first place that even a handful of extra shootings can double them. Mass shootings are a minority of gun crimes, and the increase in them happened long after the liberalization of CC. I didn't put an argument forward, I merely stated that critics of gun rights said it would lead to an epidemic of gun violence and overall it has done the opposite of what they said it would.
Israel never actually utilized the AK in any significant numbers and definitely never picked it over the AR. Their primary weapons were Enfield's, Stens, Thompsons, and Czech bolt action rifles, until the 50's when they switched over to the Uzi and the FN FAL. The tested the AK but were never able to get a lot of them, so they dropped the idea of utilizing it and developed the Galil which had sought to balance the hardiness of the AK with the accuracy of the FAL/AR platforms. They used that until they switched over the the M-16 and M4 in the late-90's/early 2000's, since the platform has gotten far more reliable for desert usage. They are now phasing out the M-16 for the Tavor by 2018.
"Oh what a lovely teaparty!"
Do you have anything to prove that? Because the word of god is that Neo had special wireless equipment.
There was something special about him, he had experimental plug hardware that had Wireless hardware built into it, which is why he had powers outside of the Matrix.
There are ways to see what devices iPod's are associated with, you could potentially get an iTunes account name from it.
There are a lot of people to support other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, there is Bernie Sanders, who could still deny her enough votes to lead to a contested convention, there is a third party like Jill Stein at the Greens, or Gary Johnson who just clinched the Libertarian nomination. There are a lot of viable options other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and being against Hillary Clinton does not mean being FOR Trump.
I don't want a choice between a criminal and a blow-hard. I'll vote third party, and if the wrong person gets voted in, it won't be my responsibility that everyone else also didn't vote their conscience and got with their gut instead of taking a bit out of a shit sandwich like everyone else. I refuse, if everyone else simply did the same there would be no, "lesser of two evil" choice. It's on everyone else to simply choose not to as well.
No it won't, because it is a collective responsibility for everyone to choose the best candidate. If they choose the least worst of two candidates when there are dozens available, that is on them, and has absolutely nothing to do with me. I have no responsibility to be a accessory of a two-party system which regularly fails the American people. Ignorance of the amazing variety of alternative choices, and third parties who are closer ideologically to what I and other voters want is no excuse. If someone wants to be ignorant of alternative choices, and buy into the failing two-party system, sure, do it. I won't.
We've spent the primaries figuring out who REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS want, which together demographically represent less than 25% of the total US population, and Americans who support the parties regularly express disappointment that the party does not 100% represent them. The idea that the Republicans and Democrats alone represent what Americans want is totally unfounded in reality, and the fact that they both replaced other parties and came from periods of time with more than two major parties. I am only responsible for voting who I believe is the best person, not the lesser worse candidate of a false two choice system which I have absolutely no obligation to be a part of. The COLLECTIVE has a responsibility to vote for the best candidate, if they chose the lesser of two bad candidates instead of the superior third party candidates, then it is a collective failure, and has absolutely nothing to do with me. I will be voting against my self interest with EITHER a Clinton or Trump presidency, I have no obligation to make the false choice of harming my self interest in barely different ways, why would I want to fuck myself over by voting for either of those monsters, instead of voting for a third party candidate who isn't a sociopath?
Except once again, they don't have a obligation to choose between the two party system, no one HAS to make that choice. They only "have" to make that choice because everyone else feels like they "have" to make that choice, and they simply do not. Over half of the country approves of neither candidate, if those people simply follow their displeasure and vote for a third party candidate, that person would win in a landslide. There is absolutely no reason for anyone to feel like they have to choose a member of the republicans or democrats at all. They won't have an easy chance to win if everyone who disapproves of them simply votes third party.
Except all of the candidates have a possibility of winning if people simply stopped operating within the false premise of "one or the other". It's a total illusion, we have a democracy, and at least a half dozen different candidates that will be on all 50 state ballots. It is simply a failure of people to be informed about all of their choices if they refuse to make a choice outside of the two-party system.
It is a false premise, nothing is stopping you from choosing a superior third party. All everyone simply has to do is NOT vote for the two awful choices we are left with. They are not the only candidates in the race.
He has a ship that effectively makes him one of the most technologically advanced people on earth rivaling Tony Stark. Not to mention there are a lot of people who would want to talk to him about stuff going on in the universe which he has a direct knowledge of.
Most species that have existed don't exist anymore, if we killed off half of the species on the planet right now, in a few million years things that look remarkably like those species that were wiped out would have filled the niches left. Life fills niches, that is all it does, pick any random species, and there was another version of it in it's niche before the previous creature got knocked out for a million different reasons. Individual species aren't important on geological scales, only on human scales. We don't want to wipe out species because it can upset the ecosystem and make things harder for human beings if we wipe out too many. Not wiping out a species only matters on human scale, we shouldn't do it for us and us alone.
Because he is still a human being first and foremost.
Except it's not, you're reading it wrong. We shouldn't kill off as many species as we want because it would upset the balance and hurt US, it would hurt PEOPLE. The push to stop species from being wiped out has NOTHING to do with "saving the planet", and everything to do with SAVING US. The planet will be fine, there is absolutely nothing that humanity can do to harm life on this rock on geological scales, no virus we could engineer, no nuclear disaster we could execute, no war we could wage, nothing that could permanently destroy life on this planet. The harm that we do only harms us, protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with selflessness and everything to do with selfishness. Those species don't matter, something would kill them, us killing creatures and killing species doesn't really matter, once again, on geological scales, most species get wiped out, the ecosystem can handle that. But you need to understand what I am saying. We shouldn't protect the planet because of some long-term damage we are doing to the planet, or that life is somehow going to be disrupted over the 100,000 to 10,000,000 year scale, it isn't, we are a blip on the radar. Everything we do, we are, and should realize, we do for ourselves to keep humanity from being only a blip on the radar.
He can't stop referencing it, Earth seems to be pretty important to him still.
Why is he wearing that Hausu T-shirt...? https://s3.amazonaws.com/criterion-production/shop_product_images/679-39fa5fe49c1e816075b5e2a918325d39/mens_house_shirt_900_brighter_original.png It's so weird...
Correct, the Brain Bugs are psychic, and the bugs are known to take human prisoners and keep them alive. So I imagine that if a Brain Bug wanted to interrogate a human they would do it psychically instead of absorbing the brain itself.
I feel like Justin Timberlake and Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga have all gone through significant transformations. Justin Timberlake's output has consistently been above-average and gotten better, and he has always had some more experimental edges to some of his more recent stuff. Miley Cyrus is now going off the rails and doing experimental collabs with The Flaming Lips, and I feel like she's being truer to herself than she was in her earlier career. And Lady Gaga went from a very straightforward singer-songwriter-pianist, to this bizarre pop figure. I feel like we still have a lot of pop musicians that have gone through radical transformations.
On a website that used to have some of Jelani's poetry and raps on it, he had one called "Waiting", here is a quote from it, "Well again I write to you with thoughts of loneliness. Bored out of my mind and the only thing I really want to do it pop a few pills and go to bed. For real, but on the side note I just finished watching the matrix movie." Not saying that it proves anything, and the character you take on in a song doesn't necessarily reflect who you are, but are we certain he didn't do drugs, if we take his verse at face value? They say the tox screening was clear, but you have to test for specific things, and what if he took a pill thinking it was something else and it killed him or he overdosed in some way that wasn't easily testable in a tox screening? No robbery happened, his new shoes and hat were left alone, his wallet still had everything in it, no one had a beef with him as far as anyone can figure... So doesn't an accidental ingestion or overdose of something and his friends panicking make sense? Especially if it was a drug that they didn't think to check for in the tox screening, or a drug that simply metabolizes quickly and maybe was not super visible in the screening?
We were, but Reed Richards fixed it so we aren't aware it happened.
Unnamed sources straight up say that. No official statement has been made other, "Calm down guys, reshoots were planned at the beginning of the project, and are totally normal."
Except we haven't. The ozone is and has repaired itself over time, we have done absolutely no irreversible harm to our oceans, if we disappeared tomorrow there would be almost no evidence of technological civilization in 100,000 years other than a few long-lived radioactive compounds (which do not exist in concentrations high enough throughout the entire biosphere to destroy it, merely to be detectable). There is absolutely nothing we have done to the planet that is going to still be causing damage in 100,000 years. Even if we engaged in a nuclear war, fired off every bio and chemical weapon, and dumped every dangerous thing we could find directly into the ocean, almost none of that ecological damage would still be recognizable in 100,000 years much less in a few million. If an asteroid that hit us so hard that it altered the tilt of the planet, several super volcanoes, and thousands of years of acid rain so acidic that it was the equivalent of vinegar pouring out of the sky... couldn't stop life on earth, then what chance do we to alter it. The oceans have been reduced to lemon juice before, the atmosphere has been torn apart, the planet Earth and our ancestors faced countless disasters, but over geological scales of hundreds of thousands and millions of years, life has ALWAYS bounced back. Humanity at this stage in it's progress simply lacks the ability to permanently destroy life on Earth. Everything we do in protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with protecting the future of life on Earth, and everything to do with protecting us. As far as your anti-natalism, that's your business, if you believe in species level suicide, so be it, but I think that an unobserved universe isn't not only worthless, but astoundingly boring, and we have an obligation as the smartest thing on the planet to keep ourselves alive. Parasites are a negative because parasites add nothing, human beings add quite a bit with our intelligence and observations, intelligent life is the rarest and most important thing we know of in the universe, without it it is simply meaninglessness. Only intelligent life brings meaning to the universe, only intelligent life can bring species back to life (instead of just allowing a species to evolve into a vacated niche). Technically all life is just as much a parasite as us, all life generates pollution, for example there was nothing to break down cellulose during the Carnoniferous period for millions of years, so fallen trees literally choked the surface of the planet and caused widespread ecological disruption. On geological scales there is no such thing as true "pollution", simply new elements which the ecosystem adapts to and resources that have yet to be exploited. Pollution only matters on human lifescales, because natural evolution simple doesn't work that fast as far as we know. So if you are angry that humans cause environmental destruction, none of it is permanent, and everything causes environmental disruption. It's our responsibility as the smartest species to be good shepherds and protect things because it makes things better for us in the short term. If you want humanity wiped out, then you need to support MORE pollution and more ecological disruption, because it will hurt humanity, there is a chance it could even make us extinct, but for the planet and the ecosystem thousands of years down the line? It won't even be affected.
He focuses almost entirely on high-level organized crime, Batman spends almost none of his time focusing on petty criminals or "poor people". Or did you miss the part where the criminals in "Dark Knight" literally had a small mountain of money.
The covers were almost never accurate, they were almost always a silly over the top situation that never turned out to be how it actually was in the book just to attract readers. Regardless of variations in how the character has been written, and an occasional Elseworlds story, there is always a singular core that has persisted that makes the character recognizable as the character, there is always a continuity of the character.
He was carried and put there after overdosing was my suggestion.
My Mom used to do the same kind of stuff, I always wanted her to see me as an adult, but I was always just her baby. Now that she's gone, I wish I had someone who would buy me a goofy TMNT cake, or a birthday card with a dinosaur on it. I wish I had that "annoyance". Give your Mom a hug buddy, she loves you.
Pretentious simply means, a work of art claims that it has stuff going on, but is actually empty. It's something that claims or presents itself as having meaning or something to say, but actually does not. It's not about style, or tone, or differences in how information is presented, it is merely if it actually has meaning or not. If it is devoid of true meaning at it's core, it's pretentious. If it has meaning at it's core, it isn't, even if it's a stupid meaning, or an overly complex meaning.
I can't find any information other than anecdotes of the film being successful because of drugged out teenagers. Films were broken up in release, it doing a roadshow style format was totally normal, and before the 1980's, it was pretty standard for films to stay in first run theaters and move around the country for 6 months or longer. 2001 was in no way abnormal with it's release schedule, and was the top grossing film of the year. In regards to critical division, there were a handful of famous critics who expressed some divisive opinions on it, but the overall critical consensus was very positive. The idea that critics were cleanly divided down the middle is just as unsubstantiated as drugged out hippy freaks being the primary audience that drove demand for it.
Why would anyone waste money on shutting up people on Twitter who can just be ignored? The production of a TV series can run into the millions of dollars, depending on how many episodes are ordered. A company will only spend money if they think something can make money, not just to shut up fans.
A speech isn't the same as a press conference, a press conference is when a candidate actually answers questions.
Israel faced all of their major wars without United States support. Israel did not begin getting any significant aid from the United States until the mid-60's, long after the Independence war in '48. Israel cooperated with Britain and France and got military aid and equipment from them solely for almost 20 years before the United States began offering aid in an effort to sway them away from the Soviet Union and to assist them against states that got Soviet support as part of a larger Cold War strategy. No war Israel has been involved in in the Post-US support era was definitively an existential threat, the closest was perhaps the Yom Kippur war, but Israel had already turned the war around and pushed deep into Egyptian territory before the first American support arrived in October. By the time any American aid even arrived the war was effectively already won. Regular support and cooperation did not occur until 1985, by which time Israel had taken a definitive lead militarily against the surrounding nations, and no longer faces a real threat of invasion by it's neighbors, even if the rhetoric is there. The surrounding nations have simply lost the will to continue attempting to destroy Israel militarily, it is simply too risky. Israel does not need continued US support, and is not in a particularly dire situation if it were to disappear. No one short of Jordan or Turkey currently pose any real military threat to them, and they are both US allies and have nothing to gain from an attack against a country which likewise poses no direct threat to them.
Yea, the aid is almost entirely military, we give them a check, and they promise to use the money to buy gear from us. So it's just a way to shovel off gear to them at little cost to them, and we end up getting the majority of the money back.
To be fair he wasn't in his drive-way when it happened; that'd be Medgar Evers.
He has given a dozen press conferences where he has answered questions from the media since February, if you include just speeches where he didn't take questions that answer is in the dozens.
It's on the image itself.... "When you see someone turn around in your driveway". Anacalagon said, "It's not paranoia if they are out to get you". The joke being that it isn't paranoid to react that way if someone turns around in your driveway if people are actually trying to kill you. I said, while he was assassinated, but not in his drive-way, then mentioned a famous civil rights figure who was actually assassinated in his drive-way.
Never said it was a press conference. But ignoring that not a press conference he has still done a dozen since February versus Hillary's zero. That is the issue here, not there being a crossed wire somewhere and something being called a press conference when it wasn't.
They aren't, feral ghouls have always been feral, Jinglejangle was correct though they were simply labeled as "Mindless". It isn't fully understood by the people within the canon of the game, no one fully understands why some ghouls go feral and some do not. There are plenty of intelligent ghouls in the games still, both evil and good.
It's not a hole in the budget though, it's just a military equipment exchange, they can't really the majority of money for anything other than military stuff, and the money is primarily to keep them on super-friendly terms, which means intel sharing, joint-training, and us cooperating on stuff like the directed-energy project. But once again, like I have kept saying, the stuff provided was very little, there was not wide-spread joint cooperation for a long long time. If they didn't get the equipment from us they would have gotten it from somewhere else, and none of the equipment provided was essential for victory in any of the wars. The Aircraft used to win the Six-Day War were almost entirely French, they used the Mirage as the primary jet, and the preemptive airstrikes were the core strategy to allowing them to win that war. During the Yom Kippur war, Israel had already won the war by the time the American supplies arrives in October, and the primary fighter was still the Mirage, and the Primary tank the British Centurion. The Egyptians were flying several American A-4 Skyhawks. The heavy equipment America supplies like new jets and radar equipment didn't arrive until AFTER the 2nd ceasefire though. Both wars would have still been won without American support, and while American support was a big power modifier and made winning EASIER, it was not the defining factor.
It's Tangerine + Orange, it isn't the same as Orange Lavaburst.
It's a tangerine and orange blend, it's different from the orange flavor that is widely available "Orange Lavaburst".
Pretty different, Ecto Cooler is much tangier and Tangerine tastes different from regular orange. If you don't believe me taste tangerine juice next to orange juice, or eat a tangerine and then an orange, they have different flavors. You're thinking of Shoutin' Orange Tangergreen, which is the name the flavor had after they dropped Ecto-Cooler, which then discontinued in 2007. Tangergreen (and by extension Ecto Cooler) has a different flavor from Orange Lavaburst. If you don't believe me, please find a can of Ecto Cooler and taste it next to a can or box of Orange Lavaburst, they are very different.
If I ate a half pound of cocoa powder every day I would get theobromine poisoning, that doesn't mean that a chocolate bar every few days is going to do the same thing. Far beyond therapeutic doses, combined with horrible living, the stress of being an addict, and who knows what adulterants and contaminants that come from illegitimate supplies, can't be compared to a hundredth of the dose in a pure form.
A lot goes into the look of a production like that, and any number of cameras could have been used for it, a significant portion of how it looks comes from the lighting, editing, and color grading work on the footage. So instead of trying to replicate the look of their video, you need to ask yourself what precisely am I going to shoot with it, and what do I need from a camera? So what kind of business are you in, what is your budget, and what are all the situations where you would need the camera to perform in?
I think that the Osmo is kind of a toy if you aren't doing live-event photography. If you need to cover live events that your company does, it could be helpful, but it isn't a general use camera that I would use for everyday commercial or advertising shoots for instance. The FS7 is a camera I have used multiple times, and I think it's a really great camera, the controls are great, it spits out a great image, I am really happy with it. BUT, and this is a big but, if you're wanting to shoot primarily commercial stuff for your brand, you have to think about what the planned medium is for your commercials. Are these going to appear on television, or is it web only? Think about how few 4K devices are out there right now, and ask if a 4K camera is really necessary if most of your advertising is going to be on-line, especially if it's going to be primarily through social media and targeted ads. Most people will be viewing the footage on a mobile device, so maybe resolution isn't the end-all-be-all for the camera you need. Depending on the kind of company you're running, and the kind of ad campaign you are planning, I would think long and hard about doing it myself versus hiring an outside party, and really crunch those numbers. You need to be certain that your people have experience running the kind of media you want to push out, and you need to factor in all of the costs (in both time and money) of doing this in-house versus hiring outside photography/videography/commercial people. If you're going to be doing weekly/daily updates on your brand from your offices, then it would definitely benefit you to invest in your own gear. If you're going to do something like a half-dozen things a year, it may benefit you to hire outside assistance. You might want to look at the FS5 because it may be more than sufficient for what you want to do, it can do almost 90% of the stuff the FS7 can do for about half the cost. If you want to save money, something like the Panasonic GH4, or the Nikon D750 are both GREAT video cameras that also take really good stills, and would potentially be great for both product photography and for video, and what they can put out may very well be more than adequate for what you want to do, but at the same time I also may not be, all depending on what you're imagining for your campaign.
Depending on how much stuff you have to shoot... you can get a full production package for under $500 a day, if you shoot less than 10 things a year it would be better to rent than to buy. If you buy you are locked into a platform for a few years, at a loss to yourself since digital cameras ONLY depreciate in value unless they are of historic value and rare (which a Sony FS7 is not and will never be.) So when the FS8, or the GH5, of the D950, or the C1000, etc. come out and are DRAMATICALLY better than last years model, you will have to re-up at thousands of dollars worth of loss, or fall behind technologically. If you rent, you don't have to worry about the cost of staying on the cutting edge, or of buying new equipment, you get rental insurance if an intern knocks over a camera the warranty be damned, you just spend a few hundred dollars and get what you need. So you don't have to spend the cost to stay updated, you don't have to set aside a special secure room to store your thousands of dollars worth of equipment, you don't have to front the costs if something is broken or damaged while on a shoot. So it all comes down to how much shooting are you realistically going to be doing, not how much shooting you imagine you will be doing, or how much shooting you possible could be doing, but how much will you actually be doing? If you are doing daily/weekly social media updates, it makes sense to invest in some camera/media equipment. If you only need it for a few kickstarter campaigns a year, it will be so much cheaper in the long term for you to rent. A top-of-the-line camera package is a big investment, and that big initial investment versus renting takes a LONG time to pay for itself, by the time it usually does (depending on how much shooting you're doing), the equipment is dated, that has to be taken into consideration.
I would recommend checking him out, he was a pretty brilliant author, and is well worth your time. Alexandre Dumas wrote the Count of Monte Cristo, about a century before most of Hemingway's output. The Importance Of Being Earnest was written by Oscar Wilde about 50 years before Hemingway. Hemingway wrote A Farewell to Arms, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and The Old Man and the Sea, (among others). His work was heavily influenced by his time fighting in WWI, his time as a journalist, and his time spent in nature, among other things. If his fiction doesn't interest you, his first-hand accounts of his time in WWI and WWII are super interesting, and an important historical artifact.
The CO2 reacts with the calcium and other metals in the basaltic rock and forms carbonates. Carbonates can be formed by injecting liquid CO2 into rocks containing sodium, calcium, magnesium, and a few other kinds. The oxygen doesn't separate out, it's just part of the carbonate molecule. Like how oxygen can be stored in iron oxide and not turn into a gas. There are other methods of remineralization and separation that it can go through, but the carbonate forming method has a lot of potential because of all of the kinds of rock underground it could be injected into. It could theoretically meet a lot of our storage needs to help offset and prevent additional temperature disruptions this century, especially as the technology becomes more advanced.
While they do, they absorb it quickly and give it back slowly, sometimes not for centuries or sometimes not for thousands of years, depending on where it's planted and the type of tree. Trees are, for the purpose of carbon capture to try to prevent or reduce the effects of global warming, effectively a "permanent" solution, since the timescale of them releasing it back into the environment is not a threat in a human lifespan.
Well there are lots of ways you can turn CO2 into useful stuff, like by pumping it through algae tanks and creating bioplastics and lubricants, and microcellulose, etc.
They don't want to capture all of the CO2, just reduce it enough to mitigate the effects of climate change.
There are some ideas about capturing it and pumping it into hydrates or turning it into propane. Finding more efficient processes for processing animal manure. Using oil derricks are a potential, since after an oil well is spent you could then potentially turn around and store liquidized methane hydrates there.
There are over 29,252,850,000,000,000 Liters of Calcium in the earth's outer crust. There are about 7 trillion square meters of CO2 to worry about, (as far as I can tell, since CO2 is a little under .04% of the atmospheric volume, and best I can gather is that there are a little over 17 quadrillion meters of atmosphere around the Earth.) So since a cubic meter is 1000 liters worth of volume, there should be 7 quadrillion liters of CO2 in the atmosphere. (If I did something wrong someone please chime in here). So that should be totally storable if only 25% of the Calcium is accessible. That totally ignores the magnesium, sodium, and other metals that can react and form carbonates. That combined with reducing carbon release, other carbon capture technologies, trees, plants, algae, etc... I just think there are other options to pick up the slack if we start running low on easily accessible basalt, OR if we discover that storing it this way is too risky because of some other consequence. (Like other's have mentioned acidifying aquifers).
Like I said, centuries or thousands of years from now, depending on where they are planted and the type of tree.
Yes, there is no reason to assume a long-term permanent downturn of the global economy, and for every downturn there is always some market which benefits from it.
It depends on who you're buying the stock from, buying it from a friend who bought it 20 years ago directly from the company? Yea, probably not. But sometimes, you can buy directly from the company itself, since they often buy it back over time after the IPO. Regardless, that's not the only kind of investment you can make in a company, you can also buy a company's debt by buying bonds. There are a lot of different kinds of investments, all of which contribute to the economy moving around. Money sitting still isn't really helping anyone, so money is almost always doing something if it's managed properly.
Have you seen both the Avengers and Winter Soldier? Winter Soldier reveals that Hydra is actually guiding SHIELD, and has been keeping track of all potential threats and organizing them into a list of people to kill off. In the Avengers Natasha mentions that she and all of the Avengers are on a list and being kept tabs on by SHIELD, foreshadowing the reveal of why they were being tracked and watched in Winter Soldier.
But they are saying that Fury and SHIELD was watching them and trying to use them because HYDRA was really guiding Fury and SHIELD.
That's why you put people movers and Jetson sidewalks, and segways everywhere.
Stark does all sorts of tech stuff, he has satellites (We see in Ultron), he makes computers (We see in the original Iron Man and a few times since, it has a custom OS and hardware with the Stark logo on it, probably semi-conductors and such too), industrial robots (Their skills and expertise in robotics would have tons of applications in a variety of sectors), their medical divisions and Intelli-Crops (He mentions during the journalist who tries to call him a warmonger), meaning he both makes medical tech and is involved in agriculture (and potentially genetic engineering). Also, while he moved away from direct weapons, he still makes a LOT of military hardware it seems, helping make the Helicarrier's new engines, and I imagine he would have no problem making body armor and things that protect soldier's lives even if he is no longer making munitions. Also, the Clean energy initiative he was working on in Avengers, and construction and engineering arenas (looks like the Stark Tower was his and Pepper's design).
Read examples in the thread, a few people mentioned their own stories. One person thought of his gun as going down to the range and firing off some rounds, an anti-gun person imagined it in a offensive context and that she'd go and kill a bunch of people for no reason. Also, I think that while a gun as a tool is indeed designed to kill, what the killing is for of course matters. Not all death is the same, not all killing is unjustified. Most people get a gun for self-defense, while an anti-gun person only things of the gun in regards to it's potential for crime, so self-defense (life protection), versus simply destructive crime. So when you talk about a tool, you have to think about goals. Guns are about acting as a deterrent, they are about acting defensively, they are about sports, they are about equality between a weak person and a stronger person. Guns have a lot of uses outside of "kill", and the vast majority of guns spend the most of their life utilized in target shooting and sports than in either self-defense or crime situations. So if you're going to label a tool based on what most examples of it it do the most, you have to label a gun as a sporting tool.
All technology requires certain doors to be opened to progress. The idea that "technology could have progressed so much faster if X had just gotten out of the way", isn't really supported by evidence. The idea that a industrial revolution could have happened thousands of years ago doesn't make sense, there needed to be interlocking support structures for the tech to progress, and being able to build a single example of a steam engine would not have produced a revolution. To make the metals necessary you need to develop steel, you need new tech in the mines, you need new agricultural tech to support more food to support a larger population that is more likely to produce faster scientifice advancements, etc. Everything is interwoven, and technology largely has progressed at exactly the rate that it has been possible to move it at.
The smartest people are almost always aware of the repercussions of the technology, so they generally keep some kind of tight control over it. If they are good, they are worried about their tech being used negatively, so they try to keep it in their own hands. They know that if they create free energy it will destroy millions of coal miner's jobs overnight, so they kind of have to offer up their technology in increments, because the most radical technology if introduced too quickly could upset society. The second thing is mass-production, a single example of a portal to another world, or a flying car, or a cure for cancer may have been prototyped in their lab, but perhaps they simply haven't figured a way to mass-produce it yet. Maybe their individual example of the advanced technology took them individually months or years to make, but they have yet to find a way to scale up the tech to mass-production levels. So while they can make a single flying car, they have yet to plan out the factory to make millions, nor how to make those millions affordable to people that may not even want flying cars since they are so much more complicated to pilot that regular cars. If they are a bad guy, they may selfishly want to maintain their edge on a technology so they can use it for their own purposes. If they invent a technology that allows them to liquefy concrete, they want to keep it as secret as possible so THEY can use it to rob banks. Maybe they are selfish, maybe they are simply short-sighted, or maybe they are suffering from the same issue the good-guy is, in that there is no way for them to mass-produce and market the thing they created, so the easiest thing to do is to benefit themselves individually. Then if there is some government agency, the bureaucracy can be worried about how technology can be used by terrorists or criminals, or how it will cause panic in the populace, so they try to keep it tightly controlled, or simply tag it and forget about it and it gets lost in the bureaucracy. So it is either out of benevolence to try to keep their tech from disrupting society too quickly, or because they are worried of how it'll be used or how it'll change society in the hands of less responsible people. Or they are less benevolent and more selfish, and want to utilize the technology for personal gain, or like the good guy they don't know of how to market or mass-produce their technology. Or they are more neutral, and just try to keep it contained to prevent disruptions, or it simply gets lost in bureaucracy.
Any reason why you suspect that?
Tech is often sped up by times of disorder, instability, and war. The concept of a stable unopposed nation that only cares about technology may simply not have created technology faster than a country that was backed into a corner by a war and had to develop a specific technology or else. Not to mention how many technologies are only developed because of their potential to be turned into a weapon first and foremost. A stable unopposed country, may simply stagnate in a way that a less stable country that is constantly having to deal with other countries wouldn't.
The Phantom Zone allows the people inside of it to observe the world, it would be dangerous to allow the Joker to do so. Also, it is not impossible to escape from it, and Joker has a lot of super-powered friends, and obsessed lackies, that would do anything to get him out of there.
But lying to themselves is perhaps not very common if the numbers have not changed over several decades over multiple countries with varying degrees of acceptance.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_sexual_orientation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_demographics_of_the_United_States In Australia over the last 15 years, prevalence has hovered around 2%. Canada found about 2%. Denmark found about 3%. France found about 3% in 1992, and about 3% 20 years later. Ireland found about 3%. Israel found about 4-5%. Italy between 3-7%. Netherlands between 3-4%. New Zealand between 1-3%. Norway 3-4% reported having a same-sex encounter some time in their life, 2% reported having a same-sex relationship. Sweden 4%. Britain 3-6% marked themselves as gay over various studies over the last 30 years. In the United States, it has been very consistently around 2-8% depending on the size of the study and who all is included. The numbers have been remarkably consistent over the last 30 years, over a wide range of countries with a wide range of acceptance rates. This suggests to me, that perhaps homosexuality is just going to consistently be less than 10% of the population regardless of social expectations or cultural acceptance.
I feel that it represents a huge swath of the population, with very diverse populations both religiously and racially, and are widely among the most accepting countries as far as homosexuality is concerned. Various polls have found that the western world hovers around 70-80+% acceptance rates as far as homosexuality is concerned, in Africa, the Middle East, Russia, and huge portions of asia, homosexuality has very very low acceptance rates. So if your theory is that anti-homosexual intolerance makes people more likely to become and stay closeted, then the Western world would be the best place to take polls and do studies about prevalence. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/06/05/a-revealing-map-of-the-countries-that-are-most-and-least-tolerant-of-homosexuality/ http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/
But the most open and most accepting of homosexuality portion of humanity, and thus the portion most likely to provide the most accurate numbers. Also human's are largely the same, so there is no reason why percentages of homosexuality should vary widely between one country or another. If you are saying that homosexuality is underreported, than the Western world is the place is it least likely to be underreported. Also, I feel that surveys of some 1.5+ billion people (almost 800 million in Europe and almost a billion in the Americas), is more than statistically representative of some 7+ billion people. Usually surveys of just a few tens of thousands should be more the representative enough, surveys of countries representing over a billion people are even better.
In nations with an over 80% acceptance rate of homosexuality, and very permissive attitudes towards sex, there is almost no surveyed difference in rates of homosexuality when compared to more repressive countries. It is almost like homosexuality is something that naturally occurs at a standard rate in a population, and isn't something necessarily taught or informed by society. So once again, if you argue that homosexuality rises in countries where it is most permissive, the most permissive countries would have the highest numbers and thus most accurate numbers. The highest and most accurate numbers are less than 9%, with barely a few percentage differences, and no clear increase in the most permissive nations.
Hasn't the full listing of everything found been public domain for a decade? And can't you find most of it on Amazon? http://michaeljacksonallegations.com/books-magazines-and-internet-material-found-in-michael-jacksons-possession/#art
The Injustice League for starters.
"Friends" for super-villains aren't the same as a friend for a normal person.
Was Smiley's a restaurant? Where was it?
Interesting! We never had these at my school.
If your avocado has a slimy texture it is overripe. Avocados should be somewhat firm and creamy.
https://youtu.be/TAQ_8u_-zcQ It's ok, he got out by not eating and washing dishes all night.
That is probably your issue. If you ever can visit North America for a trip, I suggest trying it again, especially if you can find a restaurant that makes fresh guacamole which is a Avocado based dip that is mostly used for dipping corn chips in. Guacamole is an culinary institution in the United States, especially in the states bordering Mexico.
This was New Years, so much of the audience is staying up late.
Yea but this is a prison cell, it isn't a conference room that we need to use, it is a cell we can keep full of gas for days. I mean it can be an issue because it means they have more time to spend outside of their cell to try to probe the defenses of the room, but we can wait them out.
Stephen Strange was a celebrity surgeon, he was as famous as someone like Ben Carson, he would be a household name for people that keep abreast of the medical profession. A smart person with a lot of money and an anti-authoritarian personality is a big wildcard. It has nothing to do with powers. They also mention a TV reporter and a high school student, they obviously weren't targeting people for their powers, rather their personality.
He's Money, baby.
Why do you use the Zemeckis film as a potential source when Tolkien was long dead when it came out and making the Firedrake half-human was a postmodern addition to the story?
That isn't what Hollywood Accounting is.
Or they aren't on the Rebel council, and are sent on missions. Cassian looked like he spent all of 20 minutes briefing and arguing with the Alliance Council, it seems like most of his time was spent running around assassinating people, stealing stuff, and blowing up things. It's like, how often does James Bond get pulled into Parliament? Like they are spies, people like Luke and Leia weren't just spies, they were the face of the Rebellion.
Where are you buying food where a hunk of Gruyere or Brie, a fresh loaf of bread, and some butter costs you $20? I can get the cheese for $8, a loaf of good Sour Dough for 3-4, and like 2 bucks. $20 should net you at least a dozen grilled cheeses, and that's if you're getting the nice quality stuff, if you're getting a big block of cheddar and shredding it yourself, and willing to get cheaper bread, you can cut that way down.
I mean wasn't he assigned a team of spies and SpecOps people to go on the mission with him? Also if characters had survived during Rogue One, they could have died during the mission to get the plans for DS2 working along with the Bothan spy teams. Or, they died on another mission between the two dates. Or they were on the other side of the galaxy on a mission during the Endor raid. I mean during the St. Nazaire Raid during WWII, did the British Military and Intelligence recall EVERY important agent to go on this mission? You don't shut down your agents in Hutt territory, and in the core worlds, and double-agents, just to go on one mission. If they shut down and sent their entire intelligence infrastructure on every big important mission, they wouldn't have an intelligence infrastructure.
Well you don't need a lot for a sandwich, it melts, you need enough to fill the center 40% of the bread and it will melt evenly to fill the sandwich. I can get a loaf of bakery sourdough for half of that, there is no reason to go to Provence. There are comparable ingredients to be had for cheaper. Also they are having to pay taxes on sales, they are having to pay labor, they are having to pay for their building and truck. Making your own grilled cheese is way cheaper. Food is sold at a mark-up, food you cook yourself isn't.
Ok, i'll buy the ingredients you want. A pound of Gruyere can be obtained for 15-20$. That is 16 ounces. A pack of Benton's bacon is $8. A heirloom tomato is a dollar. A loaf of bakery sourdough is $3 from Kroger or Publix. ($6-7 if you go to Provence). So Lets say $36 dollars for the lot, but that makes you 16 sandwiches, you're spending 2.25 per sandwich, if you don't buy in bulk, aren't couponing, and are buying the name brand stuff you mentioned, you are still being upcharged $5-6 per sandwich. If you buy 4-6 ounces for $8, a loaf of bread for 3, a tomato for 1, and the pack of bacon (if you insist on the bacon), you're spending $20 for 6 sandwiches, or about $3.30 per sandwich, still a big upcharge. If you buy comparable but not necessarily the marketed as premium ingredients, get stuff on sale, and use coupons and discounts, an excise the bacon (as I wasn't even factoring it into my grocery list originally) you can easily cut that in half. There is no reason that a person should have to spend more than $2 for every grilled cheese they make themselves.
I didn't say I prefer that, I am just saying there was a lot that happened between DS1 and DS2, and anyone who survived the first mission you can't anticipate them surviving until having to work with the Bothan Spy Ring, and you can't anticipate them being sent on the 2nd mission, or being anywhere close to it. So even if one of them did survive, I am saying it wouldn't bother me if they were digitally inserted into ROTJ somewhere.
People have kept on asking me if it was real or not, I pretty much confirmed it was a real event and a real give-away, but I couldn't help him because I didn't have the same name that he signed up under the sweepstakes, and the friend of mine that did have the same name had to flake out because of stuff he had to do over the holidays.
Why don't you like Red Bicycle?
There is a divide between "Teenage Highschool Comedy", and the early-2000's gross-out comedy. Also no the trailer of Spiderman Homecoming doesn't really have any stereotypical early-2000's cliche moments that I saw.
But it's kind of passed now, it isn't a popular cutting edge format, it's pretty dead. No one is lining up to see "The Starving Games". It's in the trashbin on Netflix that people watch it ironically while really stoned.
Mel Brooks is still working, I just think he isn't pushing real hard to direct a new film, and no one is particularly interesting in pushing it since his last film "Dracula Dead and Loving It" wasn't a smash hit. He's still working though, I think it's really up to him if he wants to direct a new film.
And still working and healthy. Manoel de Oliveira was directing at least a film a year past the age of 90 and only died a few years ago at well over 100 years old. Jodorowsky is still active and directing and just a little younger than Brooks. If someone is still healthy and active, who knows, Mel Brooks could have another 5 years or he could have another 20.
As someone who used to live on the coast, I agree with what a few others have said, some of the best seafood places were owned by Vietnamese and Korean folks, it's a big community on the Delta. One of my favorite seafood and meat and three style places also sold bulgogi if you asked for it, and it was as great as their fried fish. Another joint I used to go to sold vietnamese rolls, and soup alongside your standard deli sandwiches and red beans and rice. So i'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt, and hold my critique until I try it. So far i've been really bummed with the quality of seafood up here.
Pizza Huts used to have arcades and a pizza buffet in almost every location.
Now keep in mind she can't control where the booties begin or end.
You shouldn't drink enough alcohol to be psychoactive. A few drops won't effect you.
You either pay the big upfront cost, or you have to pay to repair or replace it. It's true with sneakers, it's true with refrigerators.. but those don't put people's lives at risk to replace. What gumballs.
Well there are certain areas that are expected to have oil, so you can look into the geology of the region and look and see if it looks ideal. You can use gravity and magnet meters that look for subtle changes in gravity and magnetism that could suggest flowing oil. You could drill for core samples and test the rocks for traces of hydrocarbons. You can use a 'sniffer' which can electronically smell oil and other hydrocarbons. And then you could do a seismic survey, which you have a lot of sensors set up around the area and use a huge weight that smacks the ground, or explosives, and build a picture of what is underground based on how those waves reflect back. I imagine that doing a seismic survey at the dam may worry them since they don't know how precarious the structure is, and you would have to do them all of the time to discover new openings.
Yea but sadly your case didn't have national scrutiny and hordes of furious people who want to see justice done.
What am I supposed to do with an empty case?
Happened to me once, cop pulls me over has a gun drawn on me, calling for backup, gets to the window and see my face and let's out a big sigh of relief. A car identical to mine was used in several robberies, and me and my roommates just happened to not look like or have the physical features of the suspect caught on camera. They still stopped me two more times with almost identical response, panicked and ready for trouble. After the first time they even came back an hour later and examined my car with a fine tooth comb with flashlights.
Try out "You're Next", a survivalist vs. a team of psycho murderers.
We judge little jokes that people make by themselves by less harsh criteria than films which take hundreds of people millions of dollars and months or years of their life.
I think he meant just kid with magical giant friends in general as opposed to the Billy Crystal movie.
Which is funny because there are apparently IIRC a few things in the trailer that looked ripped from Max Landis' pitch for the Power Rangers movie.
I felt like it was very bloody. Especially the ending. Did you watch an edited version maybe?
Maybe I am just imagining it as much more bloodied than I remember. But the ending was very gorey especially.
Or maybe he had a female authority figure abuse him, and his private and public personas is how he manages it?
Yea but dogs can hear a lot better and smell a lot better too.
I have seen dogs do some really illogical and dangerous things to just try and catch a squirrel.
They don't have to, they just like to.
I don't know, I feel like there are worst things to be than making one of the most beloved films of all time and becoming a billionaire off of it. The idea is to simply not become lazy, complacent, or rushed, and to know when to accept input from someone who isn't you.
Pretty standard Lovecraftian nightmare. We learn nothing, we're punished arbitrarily, and the universe is hostile to us.
I don't know how the vaccine would destroy the cillia on incoming bacteria. The bacteria attach to the pellicle, which is a layer that protects your teeth from acid. If you destroyed the strep. mutans cillia, you would also undermine the beneficial strep. sanguins and other microbes that help slow down bad bacteria. Also what about physically cracked teeth, or tooth losses from car wrecks and accidents or assaults, or teeth not growing in straight, or polishing and stain removal, or wisdom teeth impacting, or the many other dental issues that people have that undermine dental health? So no, I don't believe there is a vaccine that would destroy the dental industry, there are perhaps vaccines which could potentially make your immune system more resilient against certain kinds of bacterial infections in your gums, but I don't think the mechanism would be by destroying the cillia on the bacteria.
https://youtu.be/BNuuiydKlI0?t=4m45s
Once you're in the door, you're at risk. You can be a deeply logical and "skeptical" person, but you will be surrounded by a group of people who will give you what you've rarely been given, unconditional love and affirmations, promises that they can fix all of the things that cause you pain or suffering, a family, friends, loved ones, truth, and your maximum potential. 99% of cults will seem totally benign and "normal" at the initial meetings and during the introduction phase, the inner layers where you need to give money, surrender control, and believe in disgusting and evil things, will be hidden at the inner layers of the organization that you will only experience later on. If you are part of a mainstream conventional religion, they will relate the cult to you in the same way that your Pastor, Priest, Rabbi, Imam, or Religious Teachers does, using conventional language, and might even claim to be compatible with "Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, etc.". It is best to not go, and not find out how tempted you are by a lot of people all being very nice to you and giving you free donuts, most people would perhaps be surprised at how disarming cults are effective at being. Most people consider themselves skeptical and logical people, most people when questioned would never join a cult, yet you will go into a meeting and find dozens or hundreds of people who were talked into joining. Most people deeply underestimate how much they would really like affirmation, and to feel trusted and safe. Cults work because both humans and society are really flawed in the very ways that cults claim they are, people DO feel isolated, lonely, fearful, and unloved. Society IS alienating and often hostile, especially for people that may not "fit in". Cults offer you ways out, and solutions to real things that are really wrong with society; only their solutions are all tricks to get your mentally enslaved to a sub-culture with even deeper flaws. Don't play with them, don't engage them, stay away.
This video has put it into perspective for a few of my friends who walked that line. If they just understood how many kids used to get killed by disease, and how many are still getting killed by preventable and vaccinatible diseases... They would understand that if the choice comes down to being a little different and being dead... Every single person with autism, or another mental disorder claimed to be from a vaccine, would take it a million times over. Who wouldn't choose being non-neurotypical versus being dead? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfdZTZQvuCo
It could be a flashback, a twin brother, or some kind of Colin Firth back-up. Or the bullet barely hit him and just skimmed on the outside of his skull, because SLJ hated killing people and had never used a gun before.
This is the model, if you want to dig it up yourself: http://www.ebay.com/itm/Pokemon-Mocchi-Mocchi-Pikachu-Plush-Stuffed-Toy-2-L-Length-80-cm-Pre-Order-22-/222336101688 It seems the extra large Mocchi Mocchi plushes might be discontinued, but still go for a few hundred bucks on EBay and some other specialty Japanese stores.
He was in A New Hope for less than 5 minutes, I would say he's in Rogue One for perhaps half that time. I wouldn't say he was "featured heavily". I would say it was more like a large cameo, and even that's pushing it.
They explain it in the behind the scenes stuff, in the script, and in the novelization, iirc.
I am less concerned about Foreign policy as long as Mattis is in office. He is a smart smart man, openly opposes Trump on big issues and isn't afraid to say it, and believes in America before himself. As long as he is there I feel confident about our foreign policy to a degree, if he is pushed out I will go back to panicking.
I don't know why you think it doesn't appeal to kids. They love cute creatures and they love cars, multi-billion dollar merchandising Empires have been built around both individually.
"You wanna mansized manicotti?"
Rachel...?
I don't know, it never seemed like the movie was taking itself overly seriously to me.
Other people who worked on the film stepped in and said that wasn't the case. They made some adjustments but many people said that there were not disastrous test-screenings, and no people who actually attended the early screenings stepped in and admitted it.
HSFrey has been pretty consistent in his posts going back to over 7 years that he was born in 1934.
It's not trade if someone gives you something, they were provided as part of the plan to keep the economy moving. Also, Germany saw savings for not having to maintain a standing army during the occupation, so it could be argued that Germany saved money by having the allies occupy the country and protect them from Soviet Influence, than if they had to raise an army themselves. The Marshall plan was not just money alone, and it's assistance in helping stabilize Europe as a whole also helped kept things running which allowed trade to flourish. It wasn't the end all be all, and it wasn't responsible alone, but it helped stabilize the situation and had a part in allowing Europe to fix itself.
