Glad you gave him credit, but you should really be mentioning that in the title. Poor guy's gifs are plastered all over here within minutes of him putting them on his site.
It was May 31st. There were people, both free and paid, who were planning to cancel right after the PPV. They were trying to keep them by announcing all of that.
There was a kid losing his shit in Cena/Owens.
Good point, but that doesn't make it right. I'd bet you at least 90% of the news articles on here are to ripoff sites. I used to wonder why the mods allow it, until people started suggesting that one or more of them must have some sort of financial stake in one of those ripoff sites.
I interpreted the article as saying that you may have defeated the aliens, but the planet was so ravaged that they decided to surrender once it was over.
1) Taylor has probably been in management longer than he was a wrestler at this point. 2) Its not Taylor who makes the big decisions. Vince has a certain way of running things, and that's how the system operates. One of the biggest no-nos in the entire company is thinking you're hot shit. Was Rollins better than a new trainee who came in off the street? Sure. But if he was acting like it, the company would rather take the trainee.
Yes. It was shot in a wider aspect ratio, but framed 4:3...there was equipment and such visible on the edges. Besides, the restoration was done to clean up what was shot, not to alter it.
Yeah, it's like something in the brain just can't compute having such a wide, distant vista that fills up your peripheral vision.
That was right before he and the other three left. I believe Kevin Sullivan has just become the booker again. Of course, Benoit's wife used to be married to Sullivan. If I remember correctly, putting the belt on Benoit was supposed to demonstrate to the locker room that everything was cool, everyone was getting chances. No bad blood. The foot under the ropes was their way of giving themselves an out, if Benoit decided to leave.
Only if you bring a photo of Kevin Owens for him to sign.
Takes the reporter a bit to realize what's actually going on...his initial reaction here was to just narrate the scene, and how there's debris raining down.
Still a G, dude. Still a G.
It also used Braveheart music.
Yes yes yes No no no
I don't think it's really a WWE thing. It's been common in all of wrestling for any interviewer to be short. I'm actually surprised Tom got the job in the first place.
Well just don't let her know he's got a decent car, or you'll never see her again.
This is cool, and I'm happy the guy is doing something he enjoys, but I really hope he got it all cleared through the proper channels ahead of time. WWE is very down on people going out and doing their own projects unless they have control and get a piece. Edit: I have no idea why I was downvoted without people trying to explain their opinions. I can't think of a single instance where the company has supported someone engaging in their own business venture--especially one without WWE branding, using a different name.
I'm guessing you got downvoted because people thought you were making a joke. While that may be possible, there is indeed a bounty hunter "theme," played on the bassoon.
Obviously some of the favorites are already listed, but I wanted to make sure "The Asteroid Field" was mentioned. You can almost *feel* the Falcon swooping.
There's what's called a "leitmotif" that plays for him. It's not as full-blown as, say, Yoda, but there's kind of a menacing series of notes on the bassoon for Fett.
Google it. It has its own Wikipedia entry, and is actually called that.
Hmm...what if it was a special on the Network? I could see some people subscribing to see that.
Why would someone go to all that trouble when they can just steal a gif from cwmonkey's site, and amass the same amount of karma?
Umm the picture shows the plane after the wings were removed.
Whether this interview is old or not doesn't really matter--this is an opinion many wrestlers hold, and I've never cared for it. It's essentially the same as saying that fans of *anything* don't have the right to discuss or criticize it. Should football fans stop talking about the NFL unless they've played professionally? Of course not. And just because I've never been a paid wrestler doesn't mean my opinions are automatically invalid, or that I shouldn't use "insider" terms because I'm somehow unworthy. I get it, there was a time when kayfabe was closely guarded, and wrestlers looked at themselves as an elite club, but those times are gone. We know how matches work, we know how the business operates, and we're entitled to our opinions.
Some sort of giant Stargate thing that one of the characters invented.
Why wouldn't they *say* that? "The park hasn't been this crowded in months." "That Christmas sale package is going to turn out to be the only that that'll keep us out of the red this year."
Don't be a douche.
Dude. A little girl uses gymnastics to kill a raptor.
The idea that Turner was heavily involved in WCW is just a fiction created by Vince. It was something he liked, and something he respected because it helped TBS gain prominence as one of the first big cable channels, but I don't think he paid much attention to it--certainly not enough to discuss it in any depth in a book.
It's not about the quality of the production. It's about the content. It's about showing people who someone really is, regardless of whether or not you include stuff from other promotions.
Legitimate question: Why are they only sending an orbiter? I feel like they'll eventually have to send a lander anyway, so why not do it all at once?
On top of that, how was Kimbo able to pop right up and start swinging? If he wasn't put away by the choke, wouldn't he at least have been a little woozy?
Evan Bourne could probably give you a lift.
I always appreciate the effort that goes into compiling these, and I'll happily visit a site instead of having them here as a text post. That being said, the little "share bar" on the left side of the screen on mobile drives me batty. I don't know if you put it there yourself or if it was just part of a template, but it's a little intrusive, and I doubt it prompts anyone to post it on Digg anyway.
Michaels said the company pitched this to him, and he felt the teacher/student thing had been done before, and didn't interest him.
Ok, so where can I find some dinosaur drawings done the "right" way?
They really didn't go outdoors much at all, due to cost. Shooting on location is infinitely more expensive than using sets. So yeah, when they actually did go outside, they stayed close to LA.
HE SAID TO BE POSITIVE
Yeah, it's part of their style. Has been for a long time. Watch any WWF Hogan match, then look at him in Japan.
The live component is just a big waste of time, which could be better spent showing the actual competition.
Whether or not the segments were any good is irrelevant--you don't just drop an entire storyline with no reason. Was I super invested in what was going on? Of course not. But it's insulting to dedicate so much time to something, then have the company expect that I'm not going to be annoyed when it just vanishes with no explanation. I mean, seriously...even a two-minute segment where Brie turns heel and joins Nikki would've been better than nothing.
More Legends Roundtable. A "storyline" option that will show only the segments related to a certain storyline from TV and PPV.
They weren't over enough for Rikishi to mention them, apparently.
OHHHHHH MYYYYYYYY
The real question is, why are sites like these allowed to be posted here?
It's all thanks to his good friend Diamond Dallas Page and DDP Yoga! He can do it anywhere, and recommends the Max Pack!
It's worth pointing out that Lawler has said he has a lot of books with these kinds of jokes in them. Not that that makes them any less funny, of course.
It's Michael Buffer, and WCW paid him...guess how much? Per appearance. He flew in, stood in the ring for less than five minutes, and read off of index cards. $50,000. Every time.
Yeah, I always found that to be a little f'd up...part of the "old way" of doing things. I mean, the company wants you to have a certain look, but it's on you to spend thousands of dollars to get your outfits made up? I mean, if they want to be considered "entertainment," I kind of doubt Arnold is responsible for getting his own leather jackets made up for when he plays the Terminator.
I just wanted to point out that this book was just released. I bought it because of this post, and it's *amazing*!
Maybe we should just all start a mad dash to post a link to the original source every time someone posts something from lordz of wrestledoodz around here, and that's the one we upvote.
Two teams swing chairs at each other. Chairs collide. One team hurts their hands, the other team is fine. Why?
Yep. I think that was always part of the point of having a former wrestler do color...they could speak from experience about what a wrestler was trying to accomplish, or what effects a certain move could have. At some point, the whole endeavor just turned into a clusterfuck of repetitive jokes.
Oh come on. That was a good match--one of the best for both of them.
All I can say for sure is that if JR booked matches, they'd consist of two or three punches, followed by 15 minutes of selling.
Isn't that the engaged girl? I'm guessing ZZ is the "non-sexually-threatening teddy bear jokester who's like my brother" in the show.
Nash has said many times that the Fingerpoke storyline was derailed because Goldberg put his arm through the limo and got injured, which is way out of line chronologically. As far as the Torrie stuff goes, I remember there being a Nash theory that there didn't even need to be wrestling for an entire hour. There was one episode in particular where the entire first hour of Nitro consisted of these skits.
Ok. I'll take that with a hefty grain of salt...as far as I can tell, the source is just a random redditor.
He's like the Virgil of comedy.
Huh? He's talking about Shatner, not himself.
Actually, it was the opposite of that. Wu said the real things were too fast and too hard to contain; he wanted to make them slower.
Standing water. A lake doesn't necessarily mean there's standing water.
YOU FUCKED UP YOU FUCKED UP
The Torch used to be okay, but I get the impression that Keller's sources must've dried up or something. But yeah, you've basically got Meltzer and Mike Johnson, then you've got a hundred wrestledoodz.com sites that just paste their stories.
Notice the guy in the front row who puts his head down, like "Yeah...of course he would do a move like that."
Great guy, hell of a hand in the ring. Swig of beer for Savio.
No, it's not. Maybe English isn't your first language, but in the context you used it, "apparently" basically means "it seems that." All you're doing is spreading misinformation. There's two, maybe three valid sources for wrestling news out there. The one you used isn't one of those. The New York Times doesn't write "Apparently George Bush caused 9/11," then included a quote saying he was in on it, without citing who said it.
I want to point out that every time this gets mentioned, someone calls Sid an idiot for trying it. Now, I'm not going to debate whether or not he's an idiot in general, but there were numerous reports at the time stating that Sid did not want to do this move. He was basically told that he needed to expand his moveset, and was "given" this move, likely by Johnny Ace.
This doesn't really qualify as "gruesome," but Johnny Stamboli did a springboard legdrop from the top rope to the floor on a random episode of Nitro. Guess what? Broken tailbone, which most anyone could tell you would be the outcome.
This is the second time today I've seen an "awesome sell" gif that cuts off before the end.
As far as I can tell, if you throw out Christmas episodes, this is the lowest rating since December 2012. I'd encourage everyone to click on the actual link, it has weekly ratings listed back to Raw 1000--which I look at as the "number of people who would watch if given a reason to."
I think there's something else going on...like a general lack of interest in the product as a whole. As far as anyone knew, Brock was going to be on last night.
The Horsemen were badasses who'd corner you in an alley and beat the shit out of you. Rollins is a total coward who can't even go to the bathroom without getting help.
I think we've all been trained to interpret "_____ isn't here tonight" to mean "_____ will run out and raise hell at the end of the show."
A fair point, but I think the trends show that people are willing to tune in and watch the show live if they're given a reason to. The day after Wrestlemania 31, they pulled 5.3 million viewers. I don't think television viewing patters have changed that much since March.
Not only that, but the very first match was Big Show/Mark Henry.
That certainly is unnerving. Where's the video of the guy riding the buffalo?
Least you could do is say you took this from cwmonkey, and plug his website, wrestlingwithtext.com.
Doesn't help that there's absolutely no way to communicate anything to anyone on console...on a TEAM-BASED GAME.
This Pablo guy gets on my nerves. Just do your job and be quiet about it. I like the mystery of it all, and have no desire to see how the sausage is made.
Yes, but he's pulling back the curtain too much. Way too much. I don't need him talking about his life and tweeting stuf like "Haha yeah I wrote that." There's no reason the same couldn't be accomplished with an official Twitter account with no one's name attached to it, run by someone who's more selective in what he says and what he addresses. For example, it'd be better to leave this stuff about the Maz statue alone, and just let people speculate on it. I don't need to hear "It wasn't intended to be her, but we may decide later to say it was."
That makes more sense, thanks. I was having flashbacks to the posts here about "Do I need to watch the old movies or not?"
FYI Lucas didn't really write that. It was a ghost writer.
True, but so far, Star Wars movies haven't done especially well in China, for whatever reason.
Jango Snott
That's interesting. I'm really curious to see what happens over there when it finally comes out.
Where's the video? It seems like a short clip might make the gameplay more evident.
I keep seeing this theory pop up, and the most important argument against it is left out: it's a movie. We're not talking about a running tv show or a series of novels here. Not only is it a movie, but it's a movie that's trying to capture new fans. One thing they've shied away from are ties to previous films that are so strong they require you to have seen them all. Rey being Kenobi's granddaughter would require a whole lot of expository dialogue...who he was, who the grandmother was, who their child was, why Kenobi had a child at all, and on and on. Not only that, but you'd be creating a relationship with a character who's no longer around. What sounds more interesting: the father/daughter dynamic, or the person who's not in the movie/granddaughter dynamic?
If you were in charge of this, what would you do? She's a big star...would you have her peeping over someone's shoulder?
If you're looking for karma, just find a couple of things that haven't been posted in a day or two, then repost them. Bonus karma if you say something like "I haven't seen anyone discuss this yet, but does anyone else think Rey is Kenobi's granddaughter?
Meltzer doesn't post most of his news items for free, and Wrestlinginc is a 100% ripoff site. All they do is copy and paste news, often rephrasing it to the point that it becomes incorrect.
Actually he's been doing this sort of thing a lot lately.
Somehow his movements are more realistic than that floppy hedgehog in Episode II.
Yeah. I think there was a lot of "Ehh, good enough...I can change whatever I want later."
This is probably my favorite quote of all time about Lucas. They're in the same scene. They're interacting. But why bother having them actually act with each other when you can just do it all in the computer later?
Or a spinner belt!!
That ship has sailed. They had a chance to grab the "OMG LOOK WHO IT IS" crowd back with their Monday show when Hogan, Jeff Hardy, and other showed up for the first time. Instead we got Bubba the Love Sponge and a weird cage no one could get out of. There's really no one left. Hardy was a big star at the time, but there's no one from WWE who's available or likely even willing to go to TNA. And as good as ROH can be, there's really no one with the star power to bring in a bunch of viewers.
Well it's certainly preferable to where they were before being cast, but it's obvious they're both very talented. I hope they end up doing better than traveling around the country to sit in booths at sci-fi conventions.
Five hours?!? Come one, what if the poor guy's got stuff to do?
My guess is that it's partly both. There's some stuff in here's that's proven to be true: Rey originally being "Kira," Kylo's face being partly cybernetic, and some other bits here and there which have come out in places like the book of concept art. I've also heard things in some interviews about Luke originally being in most of the movie, but they changed it because he was inevitably the focus any time he was in a scene. Kasdan has also talked about being told of certain nuts from JJ that they really wanted to include, I'm guessing those are the commonalities between the Arndt version and what we ended up with. I think someone may have had a very early script--maybe a rough draft of the Arndt version--and then made up a bunch of stuff based on the cast and the first teaser.
Good question. If you believe the government, the Park Service didn't know it happened. I don't understand why they were allowed to trademark these things at all.
I hope so too, but I'm also readying myself for the distinct possibility that it won't come until the inevitable double dip release.
It seems odd to me that Carthage suffered so much compared to many other peoples, who (at least based on my very limited knowledge) were integrated into the Roman Empire.
The "Leia warning" stuff seems to be pretty extensive. She sent a woman to the Hosnian system to ask for help from the Republic. She's the one the camera shows for a long time when it's being destroyed. I imagine these scenes gave a lot of background on the political situation, and were likely cut in order to give Leia a more "emotional" introduction.
It would help if more points were given for completing objectives. I think being at the top of the leaderboard at the end of a match would carry just as much weight as kill count. You shouldn't be awarded more points for taking someone out than you are for carrying the cargo from one side of the map to the other.
Gandalf the Grey?
Triple threat main event: Austin vs Rock vs HBK. Oh wait...
Because he's contradicted himself so many times over the years with everything else, I have no reason to believe him on this.
Hmm. It doesn't look too awful. I would guess that should be cleaned up in a day or so?
Seriously doubt that. Even if he's cleared, putting him in the Rumble would totally derail their plans for Reigns, one was or another. If he comes back, it's like be after the Rumble, in a way that makes it clear he's not in the World title picture.
Nooooo kidding. It's like they don't even realize what's huge detriment the name "TNA" is to them.
It probably came from the "Tales from the Cantina" collection of short stories.
Oh wow. Looks a lot bigger when there's people there for scale.
I don't understand why people are talking up Mace Windu in here. The character had virtually no personality whatsoever.
Arches is, in my opinion, the best spot for that kind of stuff.
The "celebrity wing" is more about people they think can get them publicity than it is about selecting people who actually made contributions to the business.
A wrench may not break a car window as easily as you'd think. EDIT: I'm getting slammed with people saying "It's a wrench, of course it can break a window." Cars don't have "normal" glass. It's safety glass. And mind you, a wrench won't break much of anything if you happen to be trapped underwater. Hell, look at this video--the guy is swinging a hammer, and has a lot more space to get it up to speed than you would if you were inside a car: http://youtu.be/aiSTAcYl0_w
It just means you wouldn't have to pay for the DLC. If you bought it all individually, it'd end up costing you more. Basically they're giving you a discount to buy everything at once. Of course, the obvious issue is that you don't know what you might end up getting, or if it'd be worth the money.
I guess that'd be less confusing for people new to that sort of thing, but it's just a marketing decision.
It's a Jawa village. They used some of the original McQuarrie concept art for it.
Sigh. I seriously don't understand what their argument would be. "They let other people infringe on their copyrights, so we should also be able to."
reply
rebuttal
Some believe it was a work, but I believe the story at the time was that Brock came in, was given the monster push to end all monster pushes, then decided he didn't like the travel when the time came to start giving back. With Taker being so big on the respect side of the business, you can definitely see where he'd get pissed about how Brock left. Obviously there's only two guys who really know what happened, but I don't see where a work would've gone. It's not like Taker was going to step in the octagon, and where Brock's career was at the time, there was nothing for him to gain by doing a wrestling match.
The most surprising thing to me was how Taker and Wyatt decided to settle their differences by working out geometry problems instead of wrestling.
Tye Dye Guy 4 life
I don't see how a borderless screen would work with cases at all.
That's because he hadn't yet felt the true power of the Hulkamaniacs.
There is absolutely no way copious amounts of weed weren't smoked in that basement.
What guy...the hippie?
And they fired him.
I'm not sure I'd call The Hateful Eight a western.
Stop making excuses. This is IMPORTANT.
Make it so.
That young man is stronger than I shall ever be.
They'd better be getting a *lot* out of this deal. If Lesnar loses, it could severely hurt his credibility in WWE, and jeopardize everything they've invested in him. I mean, the guy ended Taker's streak. Can you imagine if he loses in the first round? They've gotta be having him face a total UFC jobber, right? *Right?*
Will you stop
Was that you in the shiny turban?
You can't buy lotto tickets with credit? That's the least American thing I've ever heard.
They're called barrage balloons, and they're tethered to the ground. A fighter plane would be flying pretty fast, and would likely run into the wires and crash.
You should get him on an honor flight ASAP. They're free.
Agreed, but putting over new guys doesn't mean anything if the old guys look like jobbers. If all you do is lose, you don't have anything left to give.
Seems like they would've gotten to it by now. And FYI, the show was shot *way* before the Network started...even before they knew it was going to be a streaming service.
I think you might be confusing something with The Raven.
Nash is wondering where the ravioli is.
More. More, more, more.
That's what happens when someone "working for" a ripoff website listens to an audio update from PWInsider and tries to write an "article" about it.
Thanks for posting, this is great. A few questions I hope you can answer: Who designs the belts? Does WWE do it themselves, or do you make up some concepts for them to choose from? What materials do you use, and what's the process like? I've noticed the NXT Heavyweight title in particular often seems to have a lot of fingerprints on it. Is this because of the metal used, the finish, or just because it's a bigger, flatter piece than we're used to seeing? Thanks again!
Agreed. Bret knows what he's talking about, and he had a very long career, during which he never injured a single person. He's proud of that fact, and he should be. No one ever complained that Bret's matches looked "fake," and he didn't need to haul off and stiff anyone to accomplish that.
Jag thindh, NXT edition
Sexy boy
Not always. Standing up for yourself could definitely elicit a "who do you think you are" response.
What guy? It's a ripoff website that stole the news from PWInsider and gave them "credit." How close it is to the actual original report is anyone's guess.
I'm picturing someone sitting in their basement, playing David Flair's music and Titantron video over and over for an entire Raw.
This is so great, I immediately knew where that expression came from.
Baseball slides are done under the bottom rope. Neville was sliding in the middle of the ring.
You know, it really bugs me that there's some guy on Twitter who positively confirms or denies theories like these. I mean, if it has no real impact on anything, why not just let people think what they want to think?
Pretty sure WWE doesn't pay for the buses. The top guys can afford them. Orton in particular has said he looks at it as an investment...it helps him get enough rest and relaxation to extend his career.
Atonement
I hope you defeated The Ultimate Morrus.
Raven came back the same time the Dudleys left--first show on TNN.
Taiwan number one
Digitally?
Do me a favor and hit Brock Lesnar Guy.
Maybe they need to make an NXT for cheerleading, and sign up Miz for the first class.
Has he been on an Honor Flight? If you want to give him something to talk about, get him on one.
Honestly, why would he do this? Assuming it was for PEDs, he was already big, and always wears outfits where all you can see is his arms. I mean, come on...it's not like the crowds would suddenly et behind him if his arms got bigger.
Ah! Thanks. I must've been blind.
The playlist says Cargo is available on Bespin, but it's not listed when you try to select a game mode.
The best part is, they have no idea who he is. He's just some random guy in the video.
What song is this?
I never show up at the advertised start time. The average seems to be about 15 minutes of trailers/ads, though I've seen it as low as 10. I don't really like seeing trailers. They spoil too much, and I end up seeing most everything anyway.
Fett
Nice collection, Mr. Wheaton.
Everyone is saying this is traditional in Africa, which it is...but the reason its traditional is because it allows women to carry babies while also keeping their arms free. This is necessary in many places because women are the ones busting their asses all day.
They do, and it makes absolutely no sense to me. Miz is booked as being delusional for thinking he's a big star for acting in WWE movies. Why would you want to mock your own product? If you think the movies are bad and you're poking fun at how bad they are, how about you just stop making bad movies?
How about "Old Biff"
Talk is Jericho, with Chavo as the guest. Really amazing insight into what happened with Benoit.
Seriously, who's on this guy's side? Anyone?
Ok, that's not fair. I'm not exactly a fan of hers, but she's had a very long career, and is hardly a one-hit wonder.
What signals? Like hand signals, or you just mean they should e known right away what was happening?
It won't be. They're totally obsessed with dressing up the backstage area so it doesn't *look* like a backstage area. They can't move the camera around as much as they did here, because of the way they feel the need to place colored lights all over the place.
This deserves its own post.
Lightning poo.
What was prohibited? I must know!
It all depends on how you look at it. Try looking at it this way: You're at the arena all day. You get there at 2, you can't leave until about 11:30. You get to your hotel at 3:30. You lay down and try to sleep for about an hour and a half. Then you get up because you have to appear on a local news morning show to promote tickets for the show that night. Then you go around to a few different radio shows and do the same thing. By the time you're all finished, it's time to head to the arena. So when you look at it that way, it's way worse.
Roman Reigns is a leader? There's a ton of guys who have way more experience than him.
With all the criticism about weak characterization, I'm kind of shocked that they initially had *less* of it. I mean, someone like Cassian is pretty much a blank slate as it is. Basically all we know about him is that he's a rebel and he shot that one dude. So initially, they didn't even have him shoot that one dude? He was just a guy?
Please let this become a thing. I could happily spend all of 2017 going on Reddit to watch videos of Roman being confused by random Rumble entries.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD HE'S HITTING IT REALLY HARD IT'S GOTTA BE REALLY LOUD IN THERE SOMEBODY THINK OF THE ROCK'S EARDRUMS
Come on...that's one scene. One scene where he gives one little speech explaining why he's going on the mission. That's not a "great deal," it's a few lines of dialogue.
That announcer has more emotion in his voice than Cole, Saxron, and Otunga combined...and I don't even know what he's saying.
I would become a lifelong subscriber to their shitty streaming service if it was the only place I could see this.
There's a special place in hell for people who drive around with unsecured loads or trailers. Heading down the freeway in traffic at 70, only to see the cars in front of you swerving wildly because of a ladder laying across two lanes of traffic is not a good feeling. As for trailers, I'm dumbfounded that any idiot is allowed to pull one with no training whatsoever.
All hail Original Plinkett
I think the issue being pointed out is this: Leia's ship is docked inside Raddus' ship. We see the droids on Yavin after Raddus has already started fighting. Therefore, either Leia's ship docked inside Raddus' ship in the middle of the battle for no reason, or the droids got in a ship of their own, flew to the battle, then docked in Leia's ship, which was docked inside Raddus' ship. Or maybe Leia was like "Oh shit, I forgot the droids," then flew back to get them before returning and redocking. My guess is that this problem came about because it was one of the reshoots and they figured not many people would notice.
You're a liar. If it really came from Kiki, it would've been Frankie, not a random bird.
Short women are body shamed for being short? That's absurd.
Wow. What a spot-on response. So refreshing considering the kind of stuff that got us to the point we are now.
