because hes got so many bitches on lock
Whenever I start to feel that my weight is holding me back, [I look at this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4qagwtthNI) and ask myself, what's my excuse? Your weight will only hold you back as much as you let it, and it'll be gone soon if you skate every day anyway!
Where I live, the blank decks are half the price of printed ones. But you have to go to a local shop and buy their shop stamped decks; if you go online you'll pay a lot more.
Love your videos dude, and this trick is absolute bonkers.
So to me, this kind of sucks. I'll wait until the full release to judge it, but this trailer has all the makings of a political force feeding, with skateboarding as the spoon. If it's about the people, it might be an admirable pursuit. If it's about the politics, it's going to be disgusting.
I make my room cold, but have lots of blankets. As my body warms up under the covers, it sends me to sleep.
1. It's fine. 2. [Here's your list.](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) 3. Look for quality wood. There's not really much else you can look out for, so just check that it's made from Canadian maple or similar. Any name brand board should do just fine.
Dark Souls 2 speed run
&gt;can i go smaller to like an 8" Do you mean board or truck size?
So in other words, he wins.
You can. The axle will stick out a quarter of an inch - not that big a deal. I wouldn't really worry about it, you'll probably end up sticking with 8.25 anyway
Is there any explanation for why the Dark One is present so strongly at Shayol Ghul?
Bring back weapon scabbards!
There is a certain maneuvre when riding that I never knew existed until I saw someone do it; if you push down on your tail, and jump ever so slightly, you can push your board forward whilst taking almost all of your weight off of it. Using this technique, you can go over big cracks, small curbs, debris like sticks and pebbles, even stuff like metal grates and those bumps they put on the curbside to help blind people. Learning this skill propells your ability and confidence in cruising the streets, and it is a good level to aim for in regards to your question.
1090 burger is the only thing that makes northcote worth visiting
Learning this truth has only caused me pain.
Wow thanks, but you're only saying that because you haven't seen my kickflip attempts :) The board is a MiniGreen, it's 21" long and 6" wide at its widest point. It's a lot of fun!
I hate this so much
That kind of a setup would be well over OP's budget I think.
Aspergers afflicted 20 something checking in. Fuck the police.
Check out /r/NewSkaters
The Wire, and the first scene. Poor snot boogie
Yeps, it's good. Good board size, Zero makes alright decks. The trucks/bearings aren't the best but that's always the case with completes. This should sort you out good as a starter setup.
The capacity for an uprising that will sweep the nation is the precise reason that the second amendment exists. It's so that the people of America will always have the ability to overcome their government if they need to, because that is the way that America was created in the first place.
Mission Impossible did a pretty good train roof fight scene, in regards to realism.
&gt;Would thunder trucks be a decent investment? Yeps. It really depends on what trucks you're currently riding as to how noticeable the difference will be, but Thunders are great.
I wasn't a fan of the cop car ollie, but a car like this I don't mind. People who buy cars like that have too much money, and would be insured up the ass anyway. Who cares?
Frontside or backside?
Although, you are thinking about sex. It just has nothing to do with adjusting your balls.
This made me laugh and be depressed in equal measure.
Do all your tricks Nollie!
Why did you choose the first one? Usually DKC2 is regarded as the best in the series.
Looks like a fakie 180 varial boneless. Or a bigspin boneless if you prefer.
My absolute favourite kind of skating is the kind that looks like it's done casually, like who put a shopping cart here? Oh well, might as well do a gigantic bigspin over it while I'm on my way down to the shops to grab a chocolate milk. It's just the ultimate skateboarding fantasy, to be that casually good. Makes me hard every time.
I know, but like a good movie you have to suspend your disbelief a little to get the most enjoyment out of it :)
Goon bag and kitchen floor
I quite like the style of gameplay that came from using a shield. Rolling is all about twitch reflexes, whereas using a shield is a much more strategic, methodical way of fighting. Stamina management is key. A lot of shield haters give the impression that you can just hold up a shield and block everything, but to have enough stamina to strike you need to bring your shield up only at the right time, and only just long enough to absorb the blow. Blocking a boss also often stops their combo, which leaves you with a far smaller window in which to strike, they have a lot more recovery frames after finishing a combo. It's a shame that the DLC bosses were unblockable, it killed the shield playstyle
Do you like the movie *Heat*?
He should have held off for a month so he could still get some presents
Yes. Almost all of them.
I'd say that the same thing does apply to blue smelty. Smelty was supposed to be the big mistake of a king that pushed his power too far, and his downfall. Now apparently he already had one already made (and a stronger one no less)? Blue Smelty really cheapens normal smelty's place in the lore in my opinion. Just like the covetous, it turns him from being a character to just being an enemy.
There really isn't any trick to getting summoned. Even putting your sign down repeatedly has not been proven to work better than just leaving it down. You just have to be picked from the pool of players when the Mirror Knight does his thing. There's just a lot of RNG involved.
Just sell it as a replica prop, people have been selling replica lightsabers for years, and Lucasfilm was one of the most litigious companies ever.
I just wanted to mention a combo; Faraam Leggings and Throne Watcher chest armor. The perfect outfit base for any wandering white knight.
That does not look right at all. Something has definitely gone wrong with your wheels I think. I have never seen anything like this, they appear to have melted.
If it was, it would be an x-post, not a repost. Not everyone who browses here follows /r/skateboarding. The video's educational value is very dubious though.
^ this Don't worry about your shoe size or anything, it has nothing to do with it. Just get an 8, then after you've beaten it up you'll know whether you want to go bigger or smaller.
One thing I learnt that I haven't heard many places, is when skating and you come across a crack or a bump or something that you think you might get caught up on, lift your front trucks over it and then just jump slightly with your back foot. Nowhere near the coordination needed for an ollie, and you will almost never get hung up even on big cracks and steps, because your weight is forward of the obstacle and you are pulling your board over it. You're far more likely to eat the floor if you try and hit it with your front wheels first, as it will act as a fulcrum point for all of your weight. It's possible to go up curbs like this, so if you aren't great at ollies yet you can still skate around the streets without having to constantly get off your board.
What a bizarre story.
Here's the deal with almost every complete ever: The deck will be good. Enjoi and Almost are good brands, professional grade, no problem. This is where most of the quality is in a complete, as this is what people who are looking to buy will see first. The wheels will be fine as well. Wheels are easy to make, and there isn't much that can go wrong. [Unless you are really unlucky](http://www.reddit.com/r/NewSkaters/comments/39q1ru/one_of_my_bearings_became_extremely_loose_while/). The bearings and trucks will most likely be of mediocre quality, as these are the parts where it is easiest for the company to cut costs. This is just the way that completes work; it's the reason they are so cheap. When it all boils down though, the quality is a relative thing, and any name brand complete you get will do fine. I'm sure that either of the two completes you linked will be good for learning on.
He sounds exactly like Larry David's Steinbrenner impression from Seinfeld
The red balls are worth one point, and the coloured balls are worth between 2-8 points depending on which colour it is. The black ball is worth 8 points, so for a maximum score you have to only pot the black ball when given the chance.
Ruin Sentinels probably. Funnily enough, it was the fight I had the most trouble with on my first playthrough, but now I just stroll my way around their attacks, and toy with them.
Why did you post this in /r/newskaters?
*takes dildo back to shop for a refund* Sir, we don't allow refunds on items like that. *is out $30* That is one cent per point of karma - success!
Okay.... if you were the referee, would you have ruled that a goal?
Yesterday I was in a car with some people who did this kind of thing when they were younger, they all agreed that they just love to hear the sound of breaking glass. I suppose any kind of anti establishmentarianist acts produce fear and adrenaline, which is a desired state of mind for your average adolescent.
It seems like you have the general idea. How I look at it, is if I imagine I'm just rolling my board at something (without being on it), how would it react to bumps and cracks? It would usually just bounce over them - so when I come up to a crack whilst riding, I push my board forward and jump just enough to take all of my weight off the board. That way it reacts as I would expect it to, and I just have to guide it over obstacles. For bigger cracks and curbs, raise your front truck well over the obstacle before hopping, that way any hang ups have to fight your whole body weight to get stuck.
Everything prior to the trailer was just rumor, so of course people are hype to know that it is actually coming out. Plus the PC release confirmation is a big deal.
I think you might have messed your link up :)
A good rule of thumb is to immediately dismiss anything you read in a youtube comments section.
Pretty good. The only ones I disagree with are Mat, Perrin and Bryne. Galad is perfect.
Which recreational activity is worth getting excited about, if not games?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaQJj1BQUiU Relevant.
I wouldn't say it's an acquired taste. The only people who don't like vegemite are the ones who don't put the right amount on. You could say the same for soy sauce, or pepper, or any kind of strongly flavoured condiment. The difference is that if you put a shitload of vegemite on, continued eating of said portion will not make the flavour more palatable. If you only put a touch on, no one who appreciates salt will dislike it.
tl;dr
&gt;QTEs Fuck shenmue
I would have put BANG, BANG BANG BANG, and CLICK
The back foot thing isn't really relevant to your problem, as your board isn't coming up to meet it anyway. Yeah it's important and needs to be worked on, but it isn't the immediate problem here. What you need to do is focus on dragging your front foot all the way up to the very tip of your nose, and pushing forward. And all the way to the tip means exactly that; to the very edge of the nose. Don't worry about going over the front; you most likely couldn't do it if you tried at this point, so really exaggerate how far up you are dragging your foot. Hitting the nose is what brings the tail up and levels you out - since you're ollies are going rocket, this is where the issue lies. Also, you are going really fast in that clip - practicing it whilst going just a bit slower will probably help you out.
Skate park editor that doesn't fall apart frame rate wise? Please let it be so
Just like Vegemite, soy sauce has a very salty flavor that can be overpowering if too much is used.
You should watch the Penn and Teller Bullshit episode called Sleep, inc. You might change your outlook on mattresses.
Peter Dinklage was completely wrong for the role... thank fuck
Use my toenail clippings to clean my teeth
I remember me and my sister finding an old purse in our mum's room that contained about 7 or 8 fake IDs, with her face on them but different names. No idea what that was about.
It's easier to get into. The start of DS1 is super frustrating for new players, and gets easier as the game moves along. DS2 is kind of the opposite. I'd say that DS1 is definitely the more difficult game, and I played DS2 first. That being said, champions covenant dual cats on ng+6 is way harder than anything that exists in DS1.
Is that pink grip, or is that the wood? Doesn't it suck having the tip of the nose and tail gripless? EDIT: nevermind, I can see that it's just pink colored grip. Looks rad! What size deck were you on before?
Which cliche deck did you get? I just ordered a [Vem Villemin typewriter](http://skateparkoftampa.com/spot/productimages/colors/1_66289.jpg), can't wait for it to arrive.
Yeah, you'll notice a big difference when you try to go further off the nose. Your back foot will start to do all the catching and eventually it'll end up [looking like this](http://gfycat.com/HonorableJointBordercollie)!
The worst example of this for me was [NetStorm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetStorm:_Islands_At_War). Thought I had the game sussed out, you build bridges strategically and counter your enemy's buildings. Then I played my first multiplayer match... and my opponent was so quick at building bridges that he managed to completely encircle mine and cut me off from building anything at all. It was a slaughter.
You should check out Eric Clapton's cover of [I Shot the Sheriff from his Hyde Park show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Iugs4pSpgY). It's not exactly like the structure of your two examples, but to me it gives the same kind of feeling as I get from Free Bird; a very relaxed main song, with an intense guitar solo.
I remember anthony mapstone from back in the xen/psc days. Really great guy.
Was that eric koston making a guest appearance?
They all just expected an offside ruling and were waiting for it. The fools!
How is this so far down? I think that this is the only movie where I was almost certain I had it sussed out, until the end scene where I then realised I had no fucking idea what was really going on.
That dog's eyes are so creepy
This is truly amazing; your reddit post links to an article, that links to a reddit post that includes a photo the original creator took, which is used by the article you linked. This is some complexly interwoven reposting
Not that impressive - it's literally just flying straight. I've seen those Red Bull planes do much more exciting things than this.
Jingle All the Way. It's a pretty fun movie.
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6bZiOjS5d8
It's moreso for the levels than for the bosses. With 5 or 10 estus you had to be really picky about when to heal up as you were progressing through an area; if you had 20 you just chugged after every hit.
I think that the DS2 Estus health regeneration speed was better than DS1. I never liked how estus refilled your health almost instantly. Also, 20 is way too many estus.
No it's not. If he learned to ollie regular, he pops with his right foot. If he skates goofy and pops with his right foot, it's a nollie. You should probably stop correcting people until you work this stuff out :)
I know that everyone is being encouraging, but I think that 202 is a bit overlevelled for a first run. 150 is about right, maybe 180 is pushing it. An extra 20 levels would have made the last few bosses (especially watcher and defender) quite easy. I'm certain you noticed this though, if you're asking the question. Joining the CoC is absolutely what you should do, it will make up for your extra levels and make your next run a lot more fun. This time don't consume all the boss souls, use them to buy weapons!
What city are you in? As for tricks to do, just [go down the list](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) and see what you can still nail, then start at what you can't!
You're calling all the bosses easy, but you were level 200 before Drangleic. Being 200 at the credits might be over levelled, but being 200 at the halfway point certainly is.
Yeah that's certainly true. If you did the DLCs as early as you got the keys, it would certainly pump you up; you would still be over levelled though. What I'm saying is that the end game is tuned for a certain level range, and that 200 is really quite high in comparison to boss health and damage. They were designed to be beaten by someone who has not done the DLCs, after all.
That powerslide was sweet as hell
Check out 1:18, it absolutely looks as bad.
I remember when I was like 9, my mum made me choose between a vet bill for my cat and a nintendo 64. what a bitch
gaping
Well, he rolled into the grass, so that was a flaw.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxHgW_xjhGo&amp;feature=youtu.be We have almost no building knowledge/experience, but it still turned out pretty good. He had the plywood lying around and we got the angle iron from the hardware store for pretty cheap, overall the whole thing cost about AU$20. It's heaps of fun for practising noseslides and boardslides.
Just go really fast and start on the low rail, then ride the kink up! ^^i'm ^^kidding ^^that ^^would ^^be ^^terrifying
'Angle iron' or angle steel. The hardware store that we went to had them precut in 1m or 2m lengths.
Yeah I was thinking that too, there's no way this isn't in Melbourne
Yes it is. It's a repost from 8 months ago. I know it might seem difficult for you to believe, but there might be some people in that 8 months who have not seen it. That is why reddit encourages reposting, and asks others not to complain about it.
Reposts are allowed on reddit. In fact, since it has been so long since the original post, and the OP has not claimed that it is their work, this is the perfect example of how to do a repost right. So maybe brush up on your rediquette?
Your post is the perfect example of why democracy doesn't work. It doesn't matter how right you are; all that matters is how many people agree with you.
People who haven't seen it before get to see it.
this video was so well made
Lows are fine, worst case scenario is you get wheel bite; then just get risers. The more likely scenario is that there will be no real difference.
Bad Santa.
[Hello, I See You!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5WS3OFQrdA) is easily one of my favourite songs, ever. Electric Six are great!
The Kelly passage in Dark Winter by Andy McNab. I still haven't been able to bring myself to read that book again.
Everything looks great; you're not missing anything. Go for it!
Setups made from buying individual pieces will always be better than completes. Completes are cheap because the companies skimp on the bearings and trucks.
Yeah, I had the same impression. I think that it's because the original post was focused on the joke the ducks were having. If the last panel was simply a larger shot of the plane flying normally and the ducks flying upside down (without any expression, they're still just ducks), and the guy inside having a panic attack, the comic would have been a lot more effective. That way, we have the absurdity (ducks flying upside down for no reason) and the stooge (guy freaking out even though the plane obviously is fine to any rational person), but without the force feeding of the punch line. Get rid of the ducks laughing, and this comic would be a lot more palatable.
What a wonderful way to ruin a nice building!
:'( Now I'm getting ptsd flashbacks from my first playthrough.
Awesome man :)
I won't preach all the tips that you've probably seen in a hundred videos, but I will say this: it really helps to over exaggerate all of your movements. Take the height you're jumping, the distance you're sliding your foot towards the nose, and double them. Try to jump to the moon, try to slide your front foot all the way off the board. Over exaggerating your movements will help you realise how much you actually need to move to get the board to perform.
Wouldn't it have been easier to just say, minus pickles minus onion?
There are many kinds of different concrete, try and find a curb that is painted. Some curbs/concrete will just stop you dead no matter what.
Targray's set, but with a bit of a better fit. Targray be draggin dat wagon
Tylee is pretty alright though
It takes about 30 minutes to regrip a board (including disassembly and reassembly). The grip tape will cost under $10. Cleaning grip tape can be both time consuming and labor intensive, and usually doesn't really work that well, so if dirty grip is annoying you it's usually better to just regrip.
I think that your brother's appraisal is fairly accurate. :(
Just peel it up at the nose or tail (it should be ratty there), then once you have enough for a firm grip, stand on the board and pull it up.
Yeah, although after enough practice you just end up running forward. Life's too short to worry about pebbles. Besides, it's never the rock you see that gets you anyway
You're probably being downvoted because this really feels like a clickbait kind of thing.
Now would be the best time for you to read New Spring. Don't wait until after AmoL.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LL_-QG4dfqY
I work with a lot of vietnamese, and I have seen both a Phuc and a Bich, but never a Dat.
I always use my toenail clippings to clean my teeth, the big toe one is always really strong and sharp.
This would be good to do with star wars too; edit it to end as c3p0 listens to the screams from the trash compactor.
Strange that in the casino game *Baccarat*, people tend to bet on runs; if the same result occurs 4 or 5 times in a row, they will keep betting for that result, even though to them it should be the same theory as a coin toss, since there are only two bets (and even though one bet is better, they treat it like 50/50 anyway... until a run occurs). I don't think that I'll ever understand people. Why would they feel compelled to switch sides after 10 heads in a row, but increase their bet after 10 Players in a row?
Well, theoretically you only lose in the long term. If you go to the Casino, put $100 on black and win, and then leave, you have won money. It's not impossible to do so. You would simply have to never return in order to remain ahead...
That is the exact reason why people can still win at a casino. The house always wins not by always beating the individual - that would stop people from returning - but instead by taking a cut of the total *turnover* from the game. They take this cut by using the house edge - rules that make certain that if someone bets on all the options, they will not break even, but lose a little (usually about 5%). Roulette is the simplest example: Person A comes in and bets on black, and wins $10. He then leaves the casino, up $10. The house is now down $10. Person B then comes in and bets on black, but loses his $10. But for the house, all this does is bring the loss back down to $0. Every now and then, however, the ball lands on the green "0" number, and both Red and Black bets lose. This only has a small chance of happening (1 in 37), so overtime the house collects approximately 5% of the total money that comes through the table. The important part, however, is that nothing past what Patron A did has any effect on what he won - which is still $10. So whilst the casino is making money (the house always wins), there are still people who have also won money on their trip to the casino. And that is the ultimate draw of the casino - to try your luck at being Patron A, the one who won.
I think it's misleading to say that the house is always 'winning'. It is making money, but that is not the same thing as winning; just because the house made money does not mean that everyone who went to the casino on that day lost. Also, why do you think that nobody bets on "00"? Do you think that there is some disadvantage to betting on 00, as opposed to say number 17 or 29?
I'm just pointing out that the odds are no worse on 00 than any other number.
I believe that in ToM, one of the Ashaman mentions that his father was able to channel, so his family knew that he would. Not certain though; I'll have a look when I get home. EDIT: I found it, ToM, Ch.10 - page 181. Jur Grady states: *"Well, joining the Black Tower, that was something that needed doing. I knew what was going to happen to me when I was tested. I knew it was in me. It was in my father, you see. We don't talk about it, but it was there. Reds found him young, right after I was born."* A clear link to genetic influence on channeling, although it is anecdotal. Interestingly, the Reds didn't seem to know about the connection, or else they would have taken in interest in Grady earlier. Or perhaps they were just waiting for the Power to manifest properly.
[found the passage](https://www.reddit.com/r/WoT/comments/3zft32/silly_question_on_nynaeve/cymieue)
I can not think of any movie I have seen this in
You are correct about blackjack, but Baccarat works differently. Whilst it is technically a countable game, for all practical purposes counting achieves little. If you were counting cards perfectly - and investing $1000 each time the count was positive - you would be making a whopping 70 cents per hour [(Source)](http://wizardofodds.com/games/baccarat/appendix/2/). You are absolutely correct with your final point, but psychologically the people betting on runs in Baccarat are doing it from a purely intuitive standpoint - ask any serious Baccarat player and they will be more than happy to tell you that you should always 'follow the board' and watch for runs. Trying to get a solid reason for this behavior is almost impossible though, because it is of course a completely flawed thought process. It's interesting that the exact same line of reasoning that causes someone to switch to heads after 10 tails playing coin flip can cause them to stay on Player after 10 wins playing Baccarat.
I'm not certain what the point you are trying to make is?
Looks great, and you'll probably come to appreciate having a bright graphic. It certainly makes flips look better. Enjoy breaking in all the parts on that new setup!
You're thinking about it too much - he was simply humming because that's what LTT does when he sees an attractive woman.
Oh, it's because the house isn't winning individual bets. Saying the house always wins can sometimes imply that the players always lose, which definitely isn't the case. A more accurate phrase would be, "The house always makes a profit from the functions of gambling because that is necessary in order for it to remain an entity, but that does not mean that the house will always beat you.", but that is slightly less catchy. Making money is the definition of winning in gambling, but the house is not gambling.
You must have a strong imagination
Or tighter trucks.
No wait, he wanted to do a line off Charlie's boner didn't he?
No. The carpool lane is there to prevent increased traffic. It's so that instead of their being 2 or 3 cars on the road with 2 or 3 drivers, there is just one car. The corpse would not be capable of driving, and so therefore is not a valid reason to use the carpool lane.
Babies shouldn't count. They only do because mothers vote. I guess corpses might count if it was politically beneficial to let them count, but they shouldn't.
For the specific purpose of the carpool lane, no they shouldn't count either.
How about not letting you travel to or from an area until you've killed the boss? Or maybe making it so that you can travel to any bonfire, but you can only travel *from* certain bonfires, like the ones post bosses or near blacksmiths. That might even encourage skipping some bonfires so that you can bone back to travellable ones.
You could always make your own risers; they're just plastic after all
I agree. It would have been better if he was trying to make a woman's picture in a frame or something, and his subconscious just turned it into a head in a box.
I'd prefer both this and the boggs ep to have charlie without subtitles. The only thing he said that was incomprehensible was 'that's light's on' and Mac said it again anyway.
It's all happening just below the table level, once you realise that then it's a lot less impressive.
You'd go to battle against Elaida's Aes Sedai with Black Ajah at your back?
They can't afford it.
Having to convince my mother that you click "Start" to turn off the computer. "But I don't want to start, I'm finished!"
The levels don't have to be as complex as the main game, they can just work off a template.
That's not necessarily true. Making a game without having to create any new assets or design would be very cheap. It would just be the programming team working on it.
But this isn't modding tools, this is a standalone level creator. It's not the same thing, and heaps of companies have made level creators for their games. It doesn't need to be as in depth as modding tools, which allow you to change the elements of the game, it just needs to be able to move and place objects and assets that already exist and have pre-defined behaviors. I'm not saying that it wouldn't be a significant process to make, but it certainly is not something that would be impossible or even just financially unfeasible; plenty of smaller companies have released perfectly serviceable level creators for their games. Any extra cost in development would be offset by savings made by not needing design, art and creative teams also working on it in full capacity. Whether it would be worth it or not to From simply comes down to how well it will sell vs the cost of making it, and I would hazard that the cost of making it would be much lower than that of producing a standalone title. I don't think you can say that it would definitely be non financial for them.
Not sure what your example has to do with consistency?
Not sure what conclusions you are trying to make here. I guess all of them do have romantic interests, but I'm not sure if that really means anything. The wonder girls are all representative of a new kind of Aes Sedai, ones who aren't afraid to challenge tradition, but then again Egwene, Elayne and Leane are all Greens (or consider themselves such), and Greens marry all the time. If you're saying that there is a connection between taking 'time off' from being Aes Sedai and indulging in romance, then that is true of Siuan and Leane, but of course Egwene, Elayne and Nynaeve would be more predisposed to love, as they never got a chance to be properly indoctrinated in the Aes Sedai. Moiraine knew she would marry before she had her vacation though, so she is an outlier. I think it's really more just a case of each person having individual motivations, I can't see any solid connection between all of them. EDIT: I will say though, that the reunification of the sexes is definitely a theme throughout the later books, and the many marriages are probably a strong part of that.
April March - Laisse Tomber les Filles
Dee is perfect, Mac and Dennis need some work though
Carrot sticks are a bit of a dick move though. *CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH*
Well what you described was pretty much exactly me a year ago, and I'm still in love with skating. Braille and this subreddit were a big part of that. As for reasons not to do it... well, you can get hurt. A friend of mine broke his leg re-learning how to skate, but I personally have been serious injury free since I restarted. Just a lightly sprained ankle, that's it. Not a lot of other downsides really. For the first six months I kept waiting for someone to outwardly judge me on being so old and skating, but it hasn't happened. Now that I'm better at skating, I am absolutely comfortable with telling anyone I meet that I do it; proud even. I also see a lot of older beginners at the skatepark, who probably had the same idea as you and I. People on the street don't care. Get a Revive deck if you want to support that company, but otherwise they are pretty average. I have the Aaron Kyro pro model, and it got pretty ratty pretty quickly. Still performs fine, just a bit soggy. My current deck from www.bakasucks.com is a lot better and has lasted a lot longer. If you're not going to be doing grinds and slides for a while that probably won't apply to you though.
I didn't think so either - but then I did.
What makes you think that American Cheddar isn't 'actual' cheese?
The energy bolts from weapons begin to rapidly lose their energy when fired. Anything but incredibly powerful lasers do not last long in space. For the purposes of attacking craft within visual range, it's fine, but any distance further than that and the bolt will quickly disperse. Even if they didn't, the chances of a bolt from a distant firefight having the exact trajectory and timing to hit you are astronomical (literally), so I wouldn't worry about it.
In the sense that the production of adrenaline is something our body does to increase performance in dire situations, yes it is exactly like an adrenaline rush. The actual biological mechanics of it are not as simple as an extra hormone or chemical though; there is definitely something else going on. Ki is a big part of it.
Turbolasers were the exact reason they needed to travel down the trench. Since any Turbolaser placed within the trench can only fire in a very narrow arc (as to avoid hitting the sides or bottom), that limits the amount of Turbolasers present overall (there is no point placing more than two Turbolasers to cover one arc). As for them missing, that isn't going to happen. They are engineered to stop firing whenever their arc puts them in line of fire to the superstructure. Much like the guns on a modern day UH-1Y Venom helicopter, which stop firing when they turn towards the cockpit.
They did. Droidekas had two sets of twin blasters, firing four bolts in less than a second. The Jedi still found ways to overcome the threat.
The bigger and softer the wheels, the less you have to push. Smaller, harder wheels perform better for tricks.
If they don't have enough button real estate for a decent jump solution, then sheathing weapons ain't gonna be a priority.
Damane. I will always pronounce it dah-maine, because the actual pronunciation sounds too much like Domani.
I agree, same with Taim (tah-eem)
That is the cutest thing I've heard on this sub!
You're thinking of the old Jedi... you know, the ones who were almost completely wiped out because of the way they ostracized those who formed attachments? Luke was not trained the way the original Jedi were.
You are correct; edited.
Lewis Black doesn't look like Lewis Black in film.
Body Harvest on N64. The emptiness of the world, the music, and the counter showing how many people are dying while you are trying to work out the puzzles is just terrifying.
A tryhard is someone who makes up for a lack of skill with a lot more effort. Something like farming a certain weapon for hours because it gives a slight advantage is a try hard act. Dark Souls is kind of a bad game to label try hards in though, because the game is tuned pretty finely. A good example of a try hard is someone who memorizes all the shortcuts in Mario Kart 64 or something.
TIL Palpatine is a wolfbrother
Chairman Mao. I have no idea how anyone can consider him someone to revere.
The Crystal Star is the only book I've read that I felt really captured the essence of Han, Luke and Leia.
Yeah... if you can afford to buy two PS4s then I don't think that you're in the right position to give advice to OP.
Hey Barky, I'm up to part 16 of your playthrough, and it seems like there is a section missing? Shaded ruins, Naajka etc?
Hmm, seems like the gap between 15 and 16 is bigger than that; it's your progress from shaded woods to Brightstone Cove (including meeting Vengarl and the whole Shaded Ruins zone). Maybe I'm just going mad. It's a really great playthrough by the way; watching you has inspired me to playthrough again. I'm watching you on one screen and playing along on the other.
I'm all about twinblades atm. Who cares about getting parried when you can twirl about like a murderous ballerina
Funnily enough, longsword is also my go to weapon for when I need to be at my best.
I distinctly remember her telling Egwene that the alternative to joining was death, or similar.
I have a feeling that this would lead to everyone wanting a shield on their back at all times, without ever using it. You would feel compelled to pump levels into VIT, it would feel like ADP does now.
[Norman Borlaug](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_Borlaug)
I loved it when they were talking to Frank in the restaurant and kept forgetting how long ago 2006 was. Haiti... oh has that not happened? Let me look something up real quick
