condemn wouldn't push her towards the jungle path. it would make riven stay approximately where she is when she starts Qing. that's how condemn-cancel works. After the condemn-cancel, Riven will still be in vayne's auto range. a condemn-cancel on a fixed distance dash (like fizz q, or yasuo's e) is very different from one on a non-fixed distance (like pantheon's w) where the target will be pushed slightly further away outside vayne's auto range also riven needs the black cleaver proc to get the most movement speed to run away. she's also slowed by botrk, and vayne's got bonus MS from botrk. riven's not getting away.
syndra?
I was expecting the Lich King to freeze the water and chase after them... but then I realize they're out of time T_T
Yeah Malph could've gotten a triple if he W active autod someone one more time, then Q'd kogmaw.
How to do Lee Sin Spotting?
According to most people in this thread, apparently a bug gets caught in lee's eyes and he misses 100% of the time... wait a minute
Diamonds = One trick hecarims -&gt; All diamonds are Hecarim mains. Logic
Inb4 Ao Shin turns into the next Blind Monk
^what ^about ^rivershen? ^... ^I ^said ^too ^much
"How did doran fit his suit in that little ring?" - Donger
&gt; This Nami probably stole your ult URF mode nami?
Mundo backdoor tomorrow.
by sion.
*Bard &gt; I want to see his Bard hard carry. ftfy
[Yeah! Be Decisive!](http://gfycat.com/DisgustingTheseElkhound)
It's kinda awkward for Lucian
Christmas came early
To me, this joke was repeated for centuries
5 fingers. QWERT I bind T to taunt
annie stun isn't chainable. she still has cooldowns. learn to accept defeat, you've lost this banter
what if riot's talking about New Skin irl? for like cosplayers and stuff I'd love an Urgot Skin :)
You could say he's in the reverse Master League.
Riot just needs to bring out that MR sunfire thing from PBE so singed can get sum nice itemis
Whoever's urethra sphincter is looser will open up. Thus male kegel is born.
[NSFW] they will poop in your penis hole
You shared it to imgur. the calories obviously counted.
Work = Force x distance particles have a constant Force... the math checks out
How can life steal leave an entire team? what are their ADC gunna build for sustain?
they do follow the 5 second rule. just like how 7 dog years is 1 human year. 5 cow/sheep second is actually (how-ever many years grass live) in human years. That's why hindus worship them as gods. because they are literally immortal
so what your saying is... fences = mirrors. why don't they install fences in public washrooms? it's much cheaper
grils keep friend zoning me in taco bell. gg
then you killed him again right? double kill?
azir, thresh, velkoz also, rengar and ekko E if you count them as ranged :/
Yet another completely useless yasuo tip: Windwall is considered a skillshot and is negated by other windwalls.
why not just give his ult a leash range like W so that he can only go so ham without giving up his get away card
rengar's passive gives him 600 to ~700 range in/upon leaving a brush we're talking about autos. if we're talking about skills, then I would've included xerath Q, R, ziggs R, and shit tons of other thing that Braum and Yasuo don't block
meh windwall is pretty useless in mirror matchups anyways. it's basically just whoever gets tornado first, e-q to the minion nearest enemy yasuo for the knockup and free damage. or psych them out with random E's then Q from another angle
"boy, put your hand down." -judge rivington
There is no cure for autism. best course of action is to take preventative measures. get vaccinated for autism
because it's equal or opposite. it just so happens that it's equal 100% of the time
just add 20 before every 2 digit number.
More like S+
yes because mirror matchups are 100% 1v1 no junglers involved, no supports involved, no top laner with tps involved. strictly solo matchup.
It's called the shurima shuffle
Gragas took advantage of a drunk Ahri ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I thought the Shurima shuffle's the whole combo. what's the point of calling his ult shurima shuffle when we can just call it emperor's divide?
So mercury's a sailer moon fan... I always took it as more of a dragon ball planet.
you need to sexually please your wifey and pay more attention to her. clearly you're a bad husband
just realized that Ekko's face paint is an hourglass. Zhonyas first item ekko, confirmed
ordis is such a troll
excuse my skinny arms http://sketchtoy.com/65293011 I drew it on a trackpad
just like a dalek...
false. newton's law applies in all environment (terrestrial and extraterrestrial). It simply lacks sufficient enforcement because the green lanterns (the guys enforcing the laws) jurisdiction only lies within certain planetary bodies.
took me 1 hour 1 minute and 3 seconds to read your post out loud... thanks for wasting my time
Alad V's real name is actually Christopher Walkin
You'd never be able to attain full stack of all arcane on all cosmetics in your lifetime without being having bajillion platinums anyways... I gave up on that dream a long time ago my friend. Nothing but broken dreams Q.Q
Not sure if anyone else knows this, but fully built formas, credit, and exp boost drops from void lockers... confirmed: lockers give better rewards than the mission itself. I think DE wants us to explore more.
variation and choice. suppose, syandana A isn't as stylish as before, so you get syandana B, but still want the first arcane. or a new arcane comes out, but you don't want to overwrite the previous arcane because it might be buffed in the future. Don't be that guy who wears the exact same T-shirt everyday.
They prefer to double team ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
5 minutes from now...
You would experience massive delays due to propagation delays, because the nearest clouds would be miles away. But yes, it would still work.
you're gunna get more than enough forma by playing the game. you almost get potato exclusively from random events and 3-day events
^pssst ^look ^down ^my ^pants
grineer rags... I think these rags would look a lot better, if there are more gritty dull textures in the game. Think of Gears of War armor except more corpus shaped (squarer). That is, raggy capes don't look great with the refined smooth shiny armor that tenno wears. We need more dirt crusted/scratched leather textures. for that rogue/strider look
no, mesa always had 3 passives. new excal's not getting a passive as far as we know. I think that was a fan idea back when people were complaining about getting excal reworked but seeing how great new excal's kit is, it's not really needed.
They just probably wanna introduce *** prime in a cool teaser trailer like volt p. any mention of he-who-must-not-be-named would probably make whoever's making the trailer's efforts in vain, so as good co-workers, they're never gunna confirm it directly. or the whole secrecy thing could just be a play on ---'s theme as a ------ -----
TwoGrakata
you get MR for getting a previously unacquired level on a weapon. E.g.: first time you get level 4 on a Karak you get MR experience for it. if you sell the level 4 karak, then later re-obtain the karak and level it up to level 5, you'll only get experience for 1 level. primes are not always better than non-primes, but most recent ones have a significant statistic advantage over non-primes e.g.: volt prime has the highest energy in the game, while older primes like frost and excal prime are merely cosmetics don't worry about the whole loki prime master race thing... I'm MR 17 and I'm still missing loki p system -_-
That's how a bendy straw works. use a normal straw next time.
[Sodium in, Potassium out...](https://online.science.psu.edu/sites/default/files/biol011/Fig-3-7-Sodium-Potassium-Pump.jpg) the question is "will you go out with me"
magnets... how do they work?
standard deviation of 0
grakata
also compensate them for the credits including tax... unless they're a super nice guy
The unseen blade is the deadliest
"Bye" -Devstream guys
They don't die. they go to a special farm where they play in the hay and and...
Does not recommend soloing
stallions represent male fertility. being a witcher, he probably feels self-conscious about those stuff.
I think the ogris fire is intentional. frost was aiming for that one grineer who called out "skoom"
[ask ironman](https://youtu.be/XIdEu9BL8IU?t=16)
/unstuck use for when you're stuck in any situation. 8/10 times it'll work. you can only use once every 5-10 minutes or so.
Never ever max out Corrupt mods unless you've done the math... e.g.: you only need 4 levels in fleeting expertise. it still pains me whenever I see someone do a maxed out FE because most of the time that sliver of extra duration can save you (avoid 1 missile, etc). Or you're selling it for plat
No Joffrey was way worse. He tortures animals and whores for fun. At least Olly hesitated... I think he did it mainly out of peer pressure and a little bit of anger
Jon's watch technically ended so he's no longer bounded to the brother's code... King Snow?
So the moral of the story is that killing okay as long as it's done in a dignifying manner?
little did they know... some random kid sprinkled that specific pile of snow with water the night before.
Theon is the smelliest
ARC ftw?
&gt; InMelissandreWeTrust &gt; &gt; and Fuck Melissandre ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ftfy
72
Dr. Mann, do not attempt docking
But... Ash DOES scale... his augmented 1 shreds armor and 4 deals "true" damage (negates all armor). just add a few strength mod, and efficiency and he'll hit like a truck while being invincible.
b-but... when I play, the Stalker only shows up when I'm leveling my unranked 2 forma'd braton mk1
Third!
When it happens irl, it's usually because some psycho murder's trying to kill you. So that initial fear reaction is perfectly justified.
"neither... nor" not "no... nor." structure and rhythm are nouns. google's your friend: http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/when-use-nor Logically, "neither nor" is very different from "not or." Since a majority of the guys there have programming background, this logical approach makes sense. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exclusive_or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logical_disjunction in common speech, "neither nor" and "not or" can be interpreted as the same in case you're curious: it's "Mars' Atmosphere"
SALAD V... classic
should be more concise # get a list of numbers in english called englishNumbers ... counter = 1 # iterate through the english numbers for num in englishNumbers: # counter for the ordinality of letters total = 0 capNum = num.upper() for letter in capNum: total += ord(letter)-ord('A')+1 # found one! return or break if you want if total == counter: print num counter += 1 also alphabet's like: [chr(ord('A')+i) for i in range(26)]
Not a bug. A feature.
Too annoying chasing Zanuka around. so people just kill alad V instead of leaving him alive with his shield down to lure zanuka there then kill them both with AoE
It's not called camping. It's called doing the laundry! those suits aren't gunna clean themselves
acceleration? :D too bad most levels have awkward curves that induce anti-fun gliding etc.
waves are coded as melee. melee has always ignored barriers. e.g. long reaching staves can hit inside the bubble from outside. Not a bug. A feature. "Fixing the bug" is simply a sugared up way of saying removing said feature aka nerf.
Kogake is a tenno weapon. so yes. Eventually
Yes. Secondaries are made to snipe people from across the map. ^Rakta ^Ballistica...
Rule of warframe: For every underwhelming weapon, there exist some build that will unsuck it. I learned this the hard way after I sold my pyrana
This glitch doesn't happen on decisive judgement for me doe.
all he needs is some bright yellowy-orange spiky hair. and dark haired love interest
can't tell if gay or hawt...
Just play the game. you'll be able to make all the frames in the game later on.
AAAAANNNNNNNNNNND Prisma Tipedo
Only a Sith deals in absolutes
Summary: RNG
The dodo bird and the bee...
simple. they're all tied for first place. ^ima ^get ^out ^of ^here ^with ^my ^logic
me in question is not referencing the subject of any sentence. me &lt;- buzzkill
Don't fix. cos it's outrageous! truly outrageous!
EB augment: Excalibur learns Bankai release: his skana sheds millions of tiny blades seeking all enemies within a cone. this prevents lucky/clever enemies from dodging the energy wave
Ash+Mesa/nova: 1 = ash teleport 2 = crappy ash ult (no aoe and no invulnerable)/ crappy nova molecular prime (no aoe and no cc) 3 = single target ash shuriken with single target cc 4 = mesa ult except... not toggle based Single target in warframe is terrible. There's no new content here. The abilities are just washed down existing ones.
inb4 something something hand job something something howard wolowitz
During Math class when they replace Astatine with Beryllium then carry out the Boron, then replaced Hydrogen with Thorium. MAtH -&gt; M+At+H-&gt; M+Be+H -&gt; Me + Th -&gt; Meth
Where do you think electricity in the sky comes from? it comes from the electricity in your house. the stupid sky irresponsibly uses up your electric bill forcing you into bankruptcy resulting in you living homeless on the streets. Fuck the sky!
can't spell illuminate without illuminati... oh wait
sliding into the standard knocks up all enemies along the way... and the standard offers players within 7m 22% attack speed bonus, and 240 bonus base damage on all damage outputs
Should've brought Rhino... That codpiece can be very intimidating
It's not like excalibur's invincible while ulting... well... not invincible on all sides
Some parts are more expensive than others. Most parts are super cheap and you won't get more than 10p for it. the most expensive non-mod you can sell is a full loki prime set (or just a loki prime system). Maxed Limited addition / Corrupt Mods are fairly expensive (in the hundreds). save cheap parts for ducats to stock up on the next great prime mods. then sell those prime mods maxed for high prices. only stock up on good primed mods (if most people say it's useless, it's probably not very profitable)
Narrow minded aren't usually great since range is pretty important on almost all frames. (we don't have primed stretch yet) It might be more expensive in the future once we get primed stretch. You should still ask around on Trade chat since people still might want those types of mods. Right now, Transient Fortitude and Blind Rage are huge since everyone wants those on Mesa, Excal, et al. Not everyone want maxed Blind Rage, you should ask around for preferences. Unranked Transient Fortitude sells for 15 to 25 plat. Ranked goes for hundreds. If you get discouraged because you don't have enough fusion cores, you might as well sell the unranked right now. You'll get more in the future Maxed mods are always dramatically more expensive. since you'll need hundreds and even thousands of cores to level from rank 9 to 10
but his opinions ARE more important than ours
I like putting it on my 6 forma Seer
disappointed with the lack of crit chance and berserker. purity proc's better imo because you can use that extra poison for viral. plus mire looks very ugly :(
before flooding this thread with hate messages regarding OP's blatant naiveness, know that he's returning so he's missed a lot of news regarding future content. 1. Mods 3.0 will never happen. Stamina's getting removed so no more stamina mods. (few less filler) New PvP encourages players to equip the rest of those filler mods. You get augments and aesthetics from PvP, so there's that. 2. There are no such thing as "god tier weapons" but there are trash tier weapons. snipers so far are the only trash tier weapons because Warframe hates single target damage. Shotguns are getting reworked to be even more powerful to compensate for damage falloff. Bows have innate punchthrough and explosive mod. Every weapon needs to be modded to be "not trash tiered" to some degree. 3. Nullifiers are intended to counter ability spamming and camping (INTENDED... never said it worked). Warframe has a melee system. Don't assume that having a sniper/bow means you're never gunna need a melee weapon. You deal with nullifiers the same way you deal with those frost shield guys. it doesn't really matter which primary weapon you use, as soon as you get that close, it's more effective just to use your melee weapon. Otherwise what's the point? Coptering's being removed due to Parkour 2.0 so using melee for mobility alone is pointless. 4. They're doing an entire starmap mission and void revamp soon^tm , and they're targeting (nerfing) specific camp focus warframes (except mesa...)
you can achieve a maximum of 315% with melee prowess, enduring strike, and the dual effect mods. There are 3 slots open status chance mods achieving a max status multiplier of 180%. EB base status chance is 10%. so you get at most 28% status chance. True steel gives 60% crit chance right off the bat (so 15*1.6 = 24) with 1 mod, you already have a higher chance of critting than 1 status mod procing. I'm not gunna include true punishment because you really don't need it. In statistics, chance of critting via DE's naive RNG method has something similar to IID, independent and identically distributed random variable. that means every strike has it's own random variable and doesn't effect the chance of future strikes critting/procing. (assuming perfect RNG, which it isn't). This gives berserker an innate advantage Crit with Berserker allows you to increase your attack speed everytime you crit. meaning you'll be outputting more strikes. each strike procs it's own crit/status. Therefore more strikes = higher overall chance (Since chances are additive here). You can replace a status mods (shocking and fevering) for berserker. (you have 15% chance per strike, high base speed = higher chance) replace the left over status mod with a dual status mod. You shouldn't depend on CP in high levels because you'll want steel charge instead. other people will be more likely to be selfish and pick what they need (e.g. mirage/loki would want more energy siphon for blinds/disarms/QT)
Just press 4
you can back flip off enemies. the escape would look even kewler.
Warframe 1, Destiny -1
Needs a Speedometer. Vroom Vroom
entangled particles are always opposite. since you poo at the same time. clearly you guys' poop aren't entangled. if for everytime you poop, your buddy doesn't, then and only then there is a chance for your poops to be entangled
Engines aren't just physics, animation, sound, and rendering. DE's improving on these aspect quite a bit, but the streaming, networking, and AI are quite bad. Network issues are very common, and data usage is fairly inefficient. The AIs act stupider than Halo 1's grunts. (and the grunt's cowardice behaviour is intended). That DE using a proprietary engine is the best choice due to the company having full development control allowing new features like parkour 2.0 to be a reality. However, I still wish DE can optimize the engine and cut off the unnecessary behaviours like that stupid cover system the grineer and corpus units keep using. call it Evolution Engine 2.0 and specialize it for Warframe
Thought this was a play on Master Chief... then I remembered that obscure mod...
primed stretch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
sorry, but it seems like AP bio didn't prepare you well enough for second year college biology. Unfortunately North/South allele is sex linked (specifically on the Y chromosome). Meaning if OP is a male then he inherited his father's South allele (making him have a 50% chance of being Southwest and 50% of being Southeast). Otherwise, if OP is a female then she'll have that 25% chance of one of the 4 traits. Good thing none of them are found on the X chromosome otherwise we'll have to consider the super confusing X-inactivation.
yo mama
Real science alert: you can't get an erection without gravity. this is because we know everyone is sexually attracted to gravity.
Here's the problem: fireworks are set off at night. During the night, we're not pushing earth away from the sun. We're pushing it away from the moon. Moon is already moving away from out planet at a rate of 1-2 inches per year. If we move the moon any further, we risk having the moon leave our orbit. The moon is very important for stabilizing our planet by preventing the polar wobble from going out of control. What we should be doing is setting off fireworks around noon.
I would rather use that bucket of water to solve global warming, drought, and famine... but sure you can extinguish the sun
wrong subreddit... try this https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/
shhhhhh if DE ever catches this post, they won't give compensations!
tardy to the party http://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/3a9bbq/excaliburs_new_passive_bonus_bonus_damage_with/ https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/3aeoki/three_subtle_but_important_excalibur_changes/
It's also on the wiki, which you would've gone to if you watched excal's new video and noticed that armor value... just to verify it's not a typo
mire master race!
There's that word again... Heavy. Why are they so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
5 times the l00t
I suppose the saliva should be filled with some anti-coagulant to prevent blood clots from blocking the fang tubes. As a vampire hunter in training, I'm curious as to why vampire biting another vampire doesn't kill it like Blade's anti-coagulant EDTA. is such EDTA substance derived from vampire saliva? if so, what techniques would one use in milking a vampire?
Barry+Eddie4Lyfe
the airline manager coerced all the planets onto the plane by promising complementary accretion disks (limited addition chinaware). the disk is a very attractive reward
You'll get autism... but you will be immune.
no. it means you're related to vito corleone. You should move to new york and claim your rightful place as one of the Dons of Five Italian Criminal Families.
[wincest?](http://i.imgur.com/B6M4xVO.gif)
enough to melt steel
cold refers to the subjective perception of having low temperature. It's a perception just like how being very cold can feel like it burns, being very hot can feel like it's cold. North Pole feels cold because it's so hot, you actually feel cold.
you go to the nearest hardware store and buy the roughest roll of sand paper you can get your hands on. grab the thickest duct tape you can find. then buy an entire can of all purpose super glue. pour the super glue on your dick, then duct tape the rolled up sand paper with the rough side facing inward (towards your penis), start sanding until red liquid starts spewing. with any luck these instructions should be unclear enough for your penis to be stuck in a fan.
90 degrees (right)
water is perpetually sexually aroused. it literally cannot take a cold shower. poor thing
I don't know. I'll have to test i
Sgt. Nef Anyo basically a normal unit who calls himself a boss.
&gt; keanu prodman It's fucking John prodman! I once saw him kill 3 ancients with a pencil. a fucking pencil!
test it with the primary fire first other than that, it still seems super inferior to soma prime. it seem just as ammo inefficient and deals noticeably less dps. soma prime also has range advantage use it if you like it
excalibur others have their prime counter part
This would work if DE eases up on the RNG and reward us based on performance rather than luck. The consensus is that DE loves RNGs, so there's no chance of that happening.
some frames enjoy negative duration. No frame honestly enjoys negative efficiency
what they need to do is just add a shit ton of zip lines on areas like those
negative duration fire chroma build? or regular? cos if it's regular, you might as well go lightning chroma to get the shield recharge whenever you recast vex armor to get more armor
his buff range is tiny you might as well add smoke shadow ash to the buffers too
Cover system. both a blessing and a curse. (it's responsible for that erratic behaviour where the enemies just run back and forth between two spots making you miss all your arrows)
https://youtu.be/eoS7HNEBVfw?t=67 you really need to be bored enough to use underpowered weapons for farming. these bored people exist. It's clear that a minority of the weapons (the overpowered ones) do the job for a majority of the game. as oppose to having a choice of weapons when doing farming (an overwhelming majority of the game). In fact a majority of the weapons are used for a fraction of gameplay (usually for mastery foddering/bored) ergo, most of the weapons are just for quenching people's bored-ness and that's not quite right. choice is fun and choice is life. only choosing when bored is not good game design. (It's like choosing between watching star wars prequels and banging your head against the wall when bored out of your mind. Both terrible choices you wouldn't normally do, but you'll do them anyways for the sake of variety) too confusing; did not read: farming is the root of all evil
warframe didn't always have that 100% thing on the load outs that display efficiency, range, strength, and duration. People use to refer to builds based on modifiers. Example: people refer to warframes with nothing but a maxed intensify mod as having 30% strength instead of 130%. So naturally any stat that goes under 100% has a negative total modifier and is referred to as negative stat
You can't ride a bird... you can ride a dragon though. It should be called dragon power
your arm is just missing the al
we flew around like birds. birds got jealous, that's why then invented Isaac Newton
No, Rip Hunter is. Can't be Terminator without Time Travel
How to solve with 90% chance of success: spam 3 near the end of blade storm to make sure you don't fall. falling is often due to the common ash bug of panning back and forth between your initial position and some marked enemy. with any luck near the end of bladestorm, you might trigger yet another bug where you'd teleport to your own clone. your clones will never fall through the floor... most of the time for excalibur: press 1,2, or 3, if the hud says ability in use, simple roll on the ground then cast any of the basic abilities again (this is because you cannot roll in any of the animations of those abilities, so you're basically cancelling the ability in progress). casting any of excals abilities would bring out his energy skana allowing you to press 4 again to deactivate it. The game's assuming you're still in Exalted Blade mode even though the bug somehow disarmed you. edit: I may have over-estimated the likely hood of success for these tricks... excal's fix is like 90% of the time. fixing ash's problem is borders on 20%
no. warframe is about farming. that's why "ware farm" is an anagram of warframe. we literally farm for wares (resources, weapons, etc.)
so this is why it takes forever to kill those guys with my max strength mesa when there are ancients around...
if you make it so that combos don't give off waves, this would encourage people to not combo at all. we want to encourage comboing not discourage it. If you're running into enemies then using your exalted blade slash, then you're using it wrong. EB waves can go through walls so there's no reason for using it close range since practically all enemies within a 40m radius should be dead. plus if you're building correctly, the waves alone deal about 10k per slash (not even counting stealth multiplier) so the multiplier is pretty overkill (and especially unappealing since you're sacrificing range). What should happen is for the blade to have combos while parkouring, since it's gunna be a thing soon. this extends to other melee weapons
toronto maple leaf jersey for tenno! frickin torontoers imposing their hockey view on us
You ask superman to come, burn off his cloth, showing his ripped hairy chest, then put out the fire for you.
You're so cold you burn. you got burnt
That's because a circle is flat you dingus. I mean... have you ever seen a not flat circle?
how many bagels does it take to form a blackhole?
Green ash prime = snoop dog
significance?
terry crews for pres 2016
&gt; I hope he registers this ostrich.
Angel DASHU!
Genos is pretty biased tbh... 15 in justice xD
I think fighting ability denotes their capability to deal with the number and level of threats. Metal Knight's all machine, so he can deploy all over the city and handle multiple threats all at once, so he scores 10, and Tatsumaki can obviously influence multiple threats. 9 is probably the maximum for people who can't influence entire cities. King's achievements are based on multiple dragon level threats which is probably why he got 10. HA is suffering from classic data manipulation flaw: 1) they're narrowing the range on the stats (Genos counted up to 15 which is a higher range to account for anomalies like Saitama), so comparisons can't be accurate 2) the fields are not atomic (if my fighting ability interpretation is correct, then fighting ability can be separated into 2 more fields: ability to deal with threat level, and influence area [speedsters, telekinetic, mechanics would dominate here]). Another example: Endurance/Physical Fitness can be separated into stamina, willpower/pain resistance/tolerance, regeneration, resistance to damage, classic rpg stuff. Zombie man can get max stat for regen and willpower, but low for resistance, and moderate for stamina (he got exhausted after fighting 1 demon level threat for 10 minutes). 3) heterogenous weighting: from the exams, they seem to make Intelligence and Justice weigh 50% of the exam, and all the other stuff (speed, strength, endurance, fighting ability) to the other 50%. instead if they make all atomic variables weigh equally, the ranking system would be slightly more balanced. 4) they included politics (popularity+achievements)
15 in video games
[Flexes Tanktop](https://youtu.be/Lugly180oHM?t=26)
