All things being equal, sure. But I doubt these women live in a world where they can turn to their husbands, families and community and say 'oh, I'd rather drive thanks', and simply take their children to another school. Certainly not without some kind of consequence. I think most people choose to not cause the fuss. To do what is expected and what their family and community say is 'right'. I'm not sure I want to see the government stepping in. I'm not sure what that could even mean. Certainly while we allow faith schools then this kind of thing can happen. Therefore criticism by outside parties is all we really have and saying 'problem identified and easily avoided' does nothing but enable the situation.
But... They're not all symmetrical.
It's a great moment. Olly's been simmering with discontent and at this moment show watchers perhaps feel he's listened to Sam and maybe changed his mind about it all. Well... he certainly heard the words and is now going to do what he thinks is right. I suspect he's not the only discontent member... and perhaps they've all been talking.
&gt;As I watch a scene where ice zombies fight giants, as men with magical swords shatter the lords of the undead, I look upon the mother unable to put a knife through wight children and say, "that's a bit much, isn't it."
Tilt brush was definitely the one that most sold me on the vive controllers.
&gt;The Story Needs Closure They could put out a comic, animation, or single paragraph to explain what would happen. &gt;Tron Still Has A Faithful Following Not enough to sell the amount of tickets they need. &gt;Disney Needs To Support Original Sci-Fi A film with a sequel, numerous games and a cartoon series is the basis from which a new sequel will be 'original'?
There's a reason why Blair remains political poison for the Labour party.
To be fair, I now want Qatar to host the world cup.
I looked at it, but to be honest I'd want to use it on commercial projects and the time required to learn it makes it a risky proposition. Maybe in the future as you say :)
Lived in a flat in London that had mice. Put down glue traps. Caught cockroaches. Moved out.
I tried them. The entire thing has haptic feedback. Having a physical controller that is represented in the VR world also gives you a psychological anchor - you are holding something that you SEE in front of you. It's cool :)
Nice try, Sepp.
Sounds to me like he just wants more of the same. Like... literally. He wants it to look and play exactly the same. But with Jetpacks and parkour or some other stuff... Really the guy just wants Brutal Doom. Brutal Doom with Jetpacks.
Congrats, guys! We on the Colosse team were v impressed with your entry.
Thanks, Callum!
Awesome :) We updated it, and we're gonna continue to do so - as well as make some more. It's a nice way of making stories :)
I find this a frustrating opinion and one couched in tautology. VR is massively under represented by women, as is this sub, but from my experience women are just as enthralled by VR - and enthusiastic when they try it. We need to ensure we're not making the situation worse by writing off half the population as 'not interested', thus creating a self-fulfilling prophesy where women are made to feel that this is not a place 'for them'.
&gt;It seems the combinaison of tech/gaming just isnt very interesting for women in general, and its ok, Women love tech. Look at phones - women love phones. Games? [I'll just leave this here.](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/18/52-percent-people-playing-games-women-industry-doesnt-know) &gt;no need to force em to join us. This is of course fine and all - no one should be 'forced' to do anything. However as soon as talk moves towards 'encouraging' women to join in VR I encounter outright hostility to the idea. Look no further than the talk about Oculus Connect last year - an event that as an attendee I would characterise as an Official Sausage Fest. Suggestions were made that maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to invite women's gaming enthusiast or developer groups along and the talk turned hostile. How dare those women get tickets OVER people who were actually interested! No one had done anything yet, but the mere suggestion that women be encouraged to join the sector was met by hostility. I sort of see why. It's not EASY to be a VR Dev - there's no market. Those involved are genuinely passionate about the medium and want it to grow and be amazing. The idea that someone not 'passionate' about VR to get involved should get some kind of 'special treatment' seems unfair. This is horribly short sighted. This is not about some arbitrary PC 'agenda' or 'quota'. From a purely capitalist point of view we want as wide a customer base as possible to enjoy and buy into VR - and half the population is women. It's also about a diversity of creative input. This isn't just limited to women. People from a different background will have different ideas - and the more viewpoints we have the more exciting the VR space will become. I'm all for encouraging women to join in. The more the merrier. If that means actively campaigning to diversify the VR space then fine. Rejecting any efforts to do so as 'unfair' or 'PC gone made' or whatever is short sighted at best.
I don't agree. Promoting a business sector to a particular demographic in order to get them involved to a greater degree is not 'infantalising' - it's the very basis of much of the advertising industry.
&gt;The vast majority of people (male and female) have smartphones because they're useful, but few people are enthusiasts about phones I would contend that there are plenty of women who are interested in the specifics of the technology of phones and are enthusiasts, but let's move along... &gt;few people are enthusiasts about phones: keeping up with new developments, knowing technical differences and reasons for getting one model over another, etc etc You believe that we need to ensure VR is restricted only to those who are enthusiastic about the tech specs? That seems massively short sighted - and also completely at odds with the intentions of every single company currently looking at selling VR to the world. Meanwhile there are plenty of guys who buy phones who buy them because they are the next 'cool' thing, rather than because of specs. But again - why should it matter? Women buy phones, iPads, cars, TVs and every other catagory of device. Technology is not a barrier. It's not even bizarre to target technology at women: http://www.gamnesia.com/news/nintendo-will-focus-on-attracting-female-customers-to-3ds-in-japan-this-yea - Nintendo managed great success in targeting the wii at 'family', thus expanding the reach of games as a whole. They failed to follow it up of course, but they did a great job in the Wii's life span. What other concerns might we have? That there are not enough female devs perhaps. I have met plenty of female devs and producers interested in VR, so there is no inherent barrier to women being involved in development - but still there could be more. VR is a creative medium - as is Film. Film is also a highly technical field, so there are similarities there. From the link below: http://www.wmm.com/resources/film_facts.shtml &gt;In 2012, women comprised 18% of all directors, executive producers, producers, writers, cinematographers, and editors working on the top 250 domestic grossing films. This represents an increase of 2 percentage points from 2010 and an increase of 1 percentage point from 1998. Even in film - a medium a century old - we are seeing a steady increase in female talent behind the scenes, and yet it is still far more representative than VR, let alone tech industries as a whole. There is no reason why the percentage of females working in VR cannot reach the same level as in film. The benefits are clear both creatively and commercially, but the negative reaction to even the SUGGESTION that more women be merely ENCOURAGED to join in - not given a free pass, or any additional help, just encouraged - I think is more illustrative of why women may feel unwelcome in tech spaces than anything else.
I've been reliably informed that whatever I do I should never go back there.
Varys' intention is to continue Cersei's disastrous reign in order to allow his chosen Dragon to return to a chaotic mess. I think this still works with Varys being the trigger man - he's ensuring Dany is set to return to Westeros in the best position possible.
Your metaphors are horribly tortured, but I understand what you are grasping at. However, you seem to be suggesting that due to a lack of demand FROM women that it is pointless to GENERATE demand from women. This is pretty silly. Companies look to expand their markets to different demographics all the time. Nintendo expanded into the entire family with the Wii and the 3DS sells very well to girls. This is no ACCIDENT. They targeted women because they want to sell to them. Same goes with ANY product.
lol I don't think you understand how business works at all, but good luck to you and good day, sir.
/r/iamverysmart ;)
&gt;lol, there is not much we can do about it Not with that attitude. &gt;the only way this will get fixed is content, content, and content. Well, I'm happy to hear a suggestion of a solution at the very least ;)
0:35: that's the face of: "Oh shit... I definitely left the oven on"
"he's pretty manly now, but he's also a complete asshole"
Clearly we should be enforcing a maximum wage. This of course would mean bankers, heads of media companies and business leaders, Telegraph. Oh... oh not them. Just charities? Ok.
He's weird though, so I wouldn't listen to a word he says about anything.
So they can now marry the people they truly want to?
Execs seeing this: "But I LOVED the gay sex scene! I would have mentioned it if I knew it would get me the job.... :("
&gt;Then he says they are going to be let go into the wild Why would he do that? Won't it add to the 'over population' of foxes? I guess the best way to deal with that is to hunt them, right? Wait... that might be a conflict of interest... ;D
Surely the most efficient way to get rid of a excess foxes is to gather 100 people together, many on horses, a pack of dogs and then spend half a day getting a fox.
&gt;the whole time you are aware it's a sacred place for the local people. Well, that's just silly and backwards. I am sure that if you stripped off in this country and walked into a church or cathedral you would be absolutely fine and there would be no consequences. Or maybe if your guide tells you not to do something - strip naked on a sacred mountain perhaps - it might be smart not to do it.
Exactly. This is exactly the same as how international authorities no longer hunt for Nazis... It was long ago and people should get over it. Right?
I'd imagine the majority are gang related.
Woah, hey now... I don't think it's fair to call the guy names. He's a sheep farmer and welsh, but really I think you're just being mean.
The only way to solve this is to outlaw public using encryption, right?
What's a go pro?
Having not clicked the link I assume the chant is something like, "we both lost, we both lost, or didn't really win, neither side was great, but we all had fun and the important thing is everyone had a good time at a sporting event".
"Actually, what the hold up here is... uhhh.... there's some mines..." Wait... what?
You know, brutal doom exists if you want it pretty much identical to the original.
If it went up for auction it would fetch more than 100m I would guess.
Well, there we go: Plenty of options for the 'Doom 2015 is not Doom 2' crowd.
Don't worry, the hype will return next season, along with LSH.
You might have a heart attack and die on a plane.
Cleansing? Shoving stuff into the guttter isn't the same as cleaning it ;)
Yes, let's all discuss James Bond. Did you know there was a new movie coming out? How very convenient we should all be discussing James Bond right now in the lead up to it's release.
I guess it could be because I'm naturally into it, but it's cool to paint glowy lines in the air around you without any artistic 'point' - just because it's cool. I am entirely sure there will be plenty of cool shooting on the vive lol
Don't think so, sadly. Can't see why not one day.
Pffft.... just sell off the NHS: Problem solved! The long term future of the country is... well, they don't really care about that - short termism it is, now and forever. Well... now at least.
"We don't see anything fun yet, at least the sort of fun WE would make. Therefore we are not going to make it."
Is giving up when you can't win not the same as losing?
It's irrational in the sense that you are probably not going to be killed with a gun. The odds are that you won't get shot and die. BUT just because the odds of something are pretty low doesn't mean it's irrational to want to stop the bad things of this world from happening. You probably won't die in a mass shooting, but it might be a good idea to avoid them if possible. You probably won't get into a car crash today, but it's still probably a good idea to wear a seat belt.
&gt;WRONG. its what the VIVE is targeting. [“Constellation will allow for a bigger room area,” says Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe, “so you will be able to move around in it – and we have a number of different things that we are going to be talking about as we move forward on this.”](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-rift-room-scale/)
Ok, so it's 'room scale', but our 'room' is 2mx2m. It's a space CV1 works with absolutely fine and pretty much anyone can have access to. As for: &gt;Oculus are not targeting room scale. [“Constellation will allow for a bigger room area,” says Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe, “so you will be able to move around in it – and we have a number of different things that we are going to be talking about as we move forward on this.”](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-rift-room-scale/)
To clarify... the 'room' is the 2.2m cubed 'tile' you stand on, rather than the entire 'room' those tiles make up. But pretty much everyone will have a 2 by 2 meter space to play in :)
You seem to be getting very worked up on this matter. The Rift will be perfectly suitable for a standing/room experience for our game, based on everything they have said. Semantics aside I think you're getting a bit worked up over very little. Relax. It's Sunday.
We could... and indeed did! But it has technical issues that could cause compatibility issues or glitches of various kinds... not to mention there are potential performance issues. Basically we wanted to ensure it was done correctly rather than just botched into existence.
A nice idea. We're going to be experimenting with a bunch of approaches, so I wouldn't be surprised if we look at this one :)
Thankfully they roped it off to prevent damage, but stories like the original link show they can go further to protect it.
The point is not 'because he's a city worker', but what the consequences will be for one. The cynic might suggest that his treatment might be different from the average drug user caught by police.
They used to use a simple prefab, not unlike Dive. I suspect it will be similar, although am not familiar with the current process.
Within a couple of months seems a fair guess :) It won't be the same game, I can say that - there are technical hurdles that won't allow it on Gear, but we will do our best to make the best version we can :)
Hey, they could always go work as an Uber driver. Wait until automated cars come and wipe out their entire reason to exist.
It drives steel pins into your skull if you rotate you heard 45 degrees on the Y axis.
&gt;I'm a naturalist in the sense that I think you should except your body for what it is. It could be tall or short, fat or skinning male or female, these are the cards your dealt. I'm not sure the above is particularly correct. Let's get away from the things you CAN change - you can of course eat well and exercise and make your body 'better' one way or another. You are saying that for the things in our body we cannot change that we should accept them. Which is why you don't take medication: You get sick, and your body's ability to deal with it is how you are. It's you. Same with glasses. Can't see well? It's the way your body IS. Glasses can't hide the fact your eyes are not as good as you would like. Cancer? It kills you. Because that's just how your body is. Or maybe things are not so simple. Maybe there ARE things we can do to make our lives better. You might not have great eyesight, but you CAN have surgery to make your eyesight better in a lot of cases. There are risks and downsides, but you weigh those. Perhaps a person is not male or female but feels they are. Surgery is not the first best answer of course. But maybe, somewhere down the line, it can be the right one for some people. The priest here makes some good arguments, but he also makes some sweeping generalisations. Perhaps there are those that have had surgery and are absolutely happy with their body. Perhaps the hurt will always remain, but perhaps the benefits are real. I don't know - I am not in that position and I doubt I will ever be, but I wouldn't want to state with authority that gender reassignment is NEVER a good option. Nor would I want to be the person to say that anyone now living as a different sex is fooling themselves. The priest speaks a lot of sense, but fundamentally we have to ask: What harm is done? Perhaps surgery covers up the 'real' problem? Sure... that could happen, and I suspect a lot of counselling and other treatments could go a long way to uncover that, but if a person still suffers then what HARM is there in changing sex? Who does it hurt? If the question is one that a person who has undertaken sex reassignment still suffers from issues, then ok. But I don't think there is a single person in this world who is free of 'issues' one way or another. Some suffer more than others, but we all have issues. The suggestion here is that no one should ever live their life as a different person because they're just lying to themselves. We are who we are. But who has not 'changed' themselves one way or another in their lives? Changed their style, or career, or had an experience that changed their outlook on life. Is gender really so different? I can see how a catholic priest may see it from one point of view - and I can see his points as having a good logical basis. But if a person has worked through their issues without surgery and is in a good mental state to do so, then I fail to see what harm gender reassignment does to them.
Thanks :)
Yup, but ram clearance would be the main issue and a lot of noctua would be hitting the ram. Stock may be preferable
Clearly he just want Bulloch to have his voice added in. He probably wants Prowse to voice vader for the same reasons.
Always plough straight into whatever seems like a good idea at the time. Never run ideas by anyone. Keep them to yourself until you've done it. That way the look in their eyes will let you know how poorly you did in retrospect.
It's nice just to have an answer one way or the other.
my god... the prophesy is coming true!
That's a big gift shop.
You're gonna get a time out, mister. Now, go down to tatooine and think about what you've done.
&gt;Sounds ridiculous right? The onus isn't on me to come up with why the aliens came to Earth, it's on the people who scream from the rooftops that this movie should've never been made because the aliens "absolutely never would've come here" to convince us why. That's ridiculous and a straw man argument. The argument is not 'the film shouldn't have been made' and never was. It relates to the plot hole. The onus meanwhile is absolutely on you. You are the one putting forward the idea that they're not ACTUALLY naked, but that they simply look like it. You're also the one suggesting time and again that the aliens have never encountered water, an argument that is beyond silly. &gt;Nearly every single movie ever made requires some form of suspension of disbelief. And it's the task of the film not to break that. Signs did. &gt;I just can't stand how overblown the water "plot hole" is when talking about this movie. It's in direct comparison to the quality shown elsewhere in the film. It's actually a REALLY good film for the most part, up until that moment. The problem is that while the actions of the aliens is creepy and scary up to that point it is retroactively ruined by the plot hole. The aliens are no longer strange, they are stupid. The alien locked behind the door comes across as some bestial monster trying to get the protagonist - up until then end. Then we look back and it just seems like a stupid animal who's got locked in a room and is now crying to get out. The alien on the roof is no longer a sinister shadow stalking a family, but a dumb creature who can't figure out how to get inside the people-box. The plot hole spoils the atmosphere, because we no longer see their actions as sinister, but as clueless. The very strengths people enjoy about the movie are taken away by the plot hole. Let's not even mention that the wife's death is apparently all a set up for 'swing away' - the VITAL CLUE that informs the son that he should pick up the baseball bat and use it to attack the alien with. Phew! Glad she died to get that important information across - no one would have considered using a baseball bat to hit the alien otherwise.
Hmmm... something about this reminds me of US healthcare. There they spend way above the odds to see no better results, yet are told time and again that the private option is 'better'. Our rail system is a joke.
I'll be updating the other scenes then releasing them all in a single demo. I'll also look to make for Vive, and possibly OSVR if all works out there.
Steve didn't like games either.
Unlikely on the main store, but they will have an area for projects that are more experimental, like they do with 'concepts' on GearVR. Otherwise I can just stick it up somewhere and people can download it.
I don't :D But finally just wanted to get this one done. Congrats on the CV1!
Well, I don't 'say' it, but I sometimes type it if I'm lazy or on my phone.
Pfft. Wake me when it's 16k.
"It can't be that bad!" I thought. "Not if so many had seen it!" [ Oh......](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/the_ridiculous_6/)
I'm in England and have never heard of it.
It's about ghosts. Of course it's a hoax.
Really it's only starkiller that stands out as lazy, and if they'd cut it then the film would have remained pretty much the same.
Nah, he would feel like all the machinations and backstabbing to get his family into the position of most power would have been worth it to maneuver them into the best position to weather the coming storm. Meanwhile he would use the crisis to consolidate and gather more power.
yup that's the one.
It's indeed a very cool thing. The fear creatures all look at you as well - it's the sort of direct interaction that works so well in VR.
lol I get the feeling the movement of being in that thing might be vomit inducing for even the most iron stomachs.
Sleep deprivation helps.
There are story elements that will frame the whole thing, but it's definitely become more 'arcadey' as we've gone along - all the better to focus on the motion controls. If it goes well we'd consider a bigger, more ambitious and story led game built on the same mechanics. It's not just a 'shooter' as such - the gun is a power, but there are others, including a sword. We'll show more as it becomes ready.
It's not going to be ready for Rift/Vive launch, but we are hoping to have it launched in time for Touch.
Unity 5.
No plans just yet... it's enough to get any sort of game working :) If the game works well in single and makes sense as multiplayer we might look at it.
We're looking at using them in the best way we can - it requires some playtesting, which is why early access is great as it allows for many people to try out the different options. Current movement may alter before launch.
Controls will continue to be tweaked, and there should be Steam Controller improvements in the next update. Stats are planned for the next update as well :)
You can avoid the portals?
I don't know if we're going to look at that for now... we may well consider it after the final launch if the demand is high enough and it makes sense to do so.
1. We'll be sure to ensure players know how the controls work :) 2. This should be a menu option at a later update. 3. There will be :) - the robot that walks is the first hint of that.
It's not a teleport, it's a portal ;) WAY different things.
Jack's been playing it. There was a video a couple of days ago with 1.5million views now, which is nice :)
You can set them by holding 'alt' as you launch :) Menu's are currently in the process of being expanded and options will become available as updates are released.
I thought this was about the wealth gap increasing, but you seem to ignore that point?
That's why I rejected my Oscar.
What are they gonna do if you don't pay? Cut off the supply of toxic water? Oh no.
Pffft - those guys have no idea what they're doing! Use your brakes, people!
It seems a bit of a big thing to leave hanging. The default is that he is Aegon, because that's how the story presents him and how JonCon believes him to be. It's not an idle claim, but one backed up by evidence and testimony. Sure, it's currently up in the air, but it seems unlikely 2 books (or JonCon's remaining life) pass without an explanation of how he got caught up in all this and how HE believes it. Either we are left with this explanation, or legitimate doubt is sewn with competing evidence. If Aegon really IS Aegon, but GRRM later sews further doubt as to his identity then it makes no sense for him to direct that at the reader without resolving it. Better that it be directed at the characters - they don't know what to believe, but we do know. Otherwise it's just there to play games. Not that GRRM is above games - we get fakeout deaths all the time - but they are resolved and there for the purposes of excitement, not just to fuck with people. Now, perhaps there are other mysteries that will remain so. Gerion Lannister may well never be found, but as a small side character his purpose is to give texture to the Lannister dynasty, and perhaps depict how badly House Lannister want their sword. His disappearance serves a purpose - finding what happened doesn't matter. As for Benjen. Him missing and never being found has to have an impact on the character development of someone we care about - most likely Jon. If it doesn't then it's just fucking with the reader. We know Rangers have been disappearing - Benjen among them might serve the same purpose if he was found dead, but he never is. The lands North are emptying one way or another. Wildlings are heading south - and they've not seen Benjen. We've seen other evidence of dead rangers - wights - not like the Others to pass up a good body for the army, so maybe Zombie Benjen turns up. Could be a good counterweight to Jon's own arc, and the mystery would be resolved. Maybe the body was burned, but then we would have heard from a Ranger that did the burning... or at least would later. It's too specific a detail to leave anonymous, and it would certainly add to Jon's motivation to hear his Uncle died doing his duty, but was never 'turned'. Finally we have Bran as an all-seeing tree.... If no one else finds out where Benjen went then he will. If it's not to service Jon's story then it could service his, but either way... it won't go untold. To sum up the above: These questions that are repeatedly asked will be answered. One way or another, to greater or lesser degree. They come up again and again because they read as significant and to NOT answer them is above all else a waste of good material that could develop characters further, and GRRM doesn't seem the sort to let good character development go to waste.
You've just added another one...
All anyone ever really wanted was the war movie. The one where terminators are infiltrating the rebels. Where John Conner leads a strike on skynet. Lasers. Thee problem is that it's a told story. We know what happens. So... I guess we have to have a 'twist'. And then it all goes wrong. There's probably a good story left somewhere within the premise of robots wiping out mankind and time travel, but the last few films have failed to do so.
A neutral expression of mild discomfort because of the cold? Or eye contact?
So... red instead of purple? Won't people confuse them with post boxes? Just vote the Black Panthers in and keep everything sane.
It's part of the test!
We're still working on the assets :) Geometry itself is being improved and as levels are complete we will be doing a lighting bake, which will make everything much prettier :D Plus we have other stuff to add.
If they had had access to guns this wouldn't have happened
He wanted to strike the bat away and then go for the hit.
There's no cheap equivalent for facial capture, that's for sure.
I personally find the idea of sticking my hand in a dead whale's mouth as a bit disgusting. I sort of see it as vaguely distasteful to take a tooth from a dead animal maybe... &gt;People on social media called the act ‘sick’. I mean... If you saw someone pulling teeth from some roadkill-badger you'd probably raise your eyebrows a bit. It would be a bit weird. A bit pointless. A bit 'icky' maybe. But I'm not sure at this stage that the whale cares, and I'm struggling to figure out what's particularly 'bad' about taking a bit of washed up dead animal. People take washed up seastars home... people catch fish and eat them, and those fish are probably pretty pissed off about it.
This story sure is, uh, enigmatic? Ryu looks really worried about that... football? Space virus? There's a wrestling match, so that's good. What I know for sure is that Guile is definitely going to be photographed at some point. I look forward to the 'Concussion' style subplot about all the chronic ailments these fighters have built up over the years of being punched in the head.
Itt: colonials getting rowdy.
He IS a hologram.
They set up shirts around the lights? Is that to diffuse them? Shouldn't they be using some... special... diffuse... paper or something?
I'm not sure he has the depth and warmth to honour the name.
'Driverless cars' sounds archaic - like 'Horseless Carriage'. Self-driving sounds better. I guess eventually they'll just be 'cars'.
But did they do it LEGALLY?
&gt;I think TFB is overstepping here and has and will bully people. But people should put the pitchforks down? ;)
I don't get it. I DON'T GET IT. The word 'react' is not in the title. They're not even looking at videos. She's introducing them to objects. The kids are shown them and then asked questions about them. If they were watching a youtube video of something then... I mean... what?
Mmmm applie pie.
I can understand the not wanting to blame their owners but if the owners are to blame then they need to get all those videos back up soon.
Maybe we SHOULDN'T be worried. Reshoots don't mean 'bad' by default. Changing the tone is not in and of itself a bad thing.
I'm not sure why gore is required. I'm not entirely sure what people expected. It was never going to be an R film, no matter how successful Deadpool was. But Darth Vader can be violent and formidable while in keeping with the originals 'bloodlessness'. A lightsaber pretty much cauterizes any wound in any case.
I genuinely thought the same and was ready for the shitshow of comments, to which I was about to add. Now I have nothing to do with all this pent up sarcasm.
Seems a bit like marketing to me. It's obviously only 100%, but I guess they're saying that it's twice as much 'beef' in the same volume? That seems wrong as well, as I'd imagine the beef is much more reduced in volume than that.
No need for that sort of language.
It really just killed the mood.
Election fraud?
I'm biased as I'm a VR developer, so take all this with a grain of salt. Yes, Zelnick makes good points, but also perhaps short sighted ones. AAA companies in general don't yet have a AAA sized audience in VR to target, so there's some natural reluctance to have much to do with it from Take Two and companies like them. From a personal point of view I'm feeling pretty positive about the future of VR. &gt;Maybe some of the people in this room have a room to dedicate to an entertainment activity, but back here in the real world? That's not what we have in America. I mean... many people have a 'TV room', or a room basically dominated by a pool table. Meanwhile, a VR setup doesn't have to be used ALL the time. Vive lasers can be brought out, or just sit on shelves, or even attached to walls (as many people do with speakers). They only have to use up space when you want to use them. Nothing about this is prohibitive. Except the cost maybe. That's a real sticking point for some. Although not EVERYONE. Plenty of people spend $600 on a new graphics card. Plenty of people spend $2k on a new tv. These are not required to enjoy entertainment. Cheaper alternatives exist. And the cost of VR will come down. PSVR will launch at a much more cost effective all-in-one price than the PC equivalents. PS3 launched at $600, and plenty bought that. Not as many as Sony would have liked, but plenty none the less. It won't be long before you will be able to get a PSVR and PS4 (PS4.5?) for something like that. &gt;We don't have something where you stand in a big open space and hold two controllers with something on your head--and not crash into the coffee table. We don't have that." PSVR isn't going to be room scale - it's more a standing experience, and I'm pretty sure most people can stand up and swing their arms around - they did it for the Wii. Meanwhile, the Rift is mostly a seated experience currently. &gt;"I'm not unexcitied; I'm just saying it remains to be seen," he said. "There are impediments." Totally fair. Yet... not EVERYONE has to get one right away. Not everyone got a TV at first, or a 4k Tv. Not everyone had a car. Not everyone had a satnav... or whatever else you want to pick. When costs come down, hardware improves, software becomes plentiful then more people will catch onto it. Bear in mind, the biggest issue people had on the launches of the Vive and Rift - by far - was the cost. They weren't saying "This is shit, I don't want it" they were saying "I can't afford this." That's a problem that will go away. &gt;a lot of people who play video games, for example my kids, they play with their friends sitting next to them Sure. But a lot of people don't - I mean... that's a simple statement, but true. I'm sure a good number of people here are between games of Overwatch, or whatever, on their own, about to go play a game, on their own. Meanwhile, there's something VERY cool about being in VR with another person, in VR chat, or seeing the other individual wave their hands around. It can be very social. Anyway, that's just my totally biased, perhaps deluded opinion. Take or leave.
I've not read any comics with Ms Marvel in, so was curious about her character. From the wikipedia article on her: &gt;In the conclusion of the second volume of Ms. Marvel, Carol Danvers battles her old nemesis Mystique and a clone of Captain Marvel created by the Skrulls during the Secret Invasion, after they carry out a series of tragedies at temples belonging to the Church of Hala, a church dedicated to Mar-Vell.[58] Danvers later aids the allied forces of Steve Rogers against Iron Patriot during the Siege of Asgard. You know what... I'll just wait for the movie.
&gt;I was sold on the horse theory. It's a very popular one, and I think it's great that so many people like yourself are so strongly for it, but I think there are some serious issues with the idea that Rhaego turned into a horse, time travelled back in time, eventually causing his own premature death, and getting so pissed off about it he kicked Willas in the head.
It was the theory /u/everyonesgayexceptme was talking about.
How do you get the highlights?
&gt;Goldsmith is very tall and spends an unnaturally long time looking at fruit "Look natural Zac. They're staring. They'll figure it out. Just think 'HUMAN'. Human, zac. Fuck... I've been staring at this edible plant egg for some time now. Too long? Not long enough? Ok... that will do. Now the rumors can end."
Even if the answer to that question is 'no' they may still end up 'losing' their seats when they're arrested.
All seems a bit weak and meaningless as far as it goes then.
I'd argue that many VR games out now are already more substantial than PSMove and Kinect games EVER became.
Exactly. Don't they know EVERYONE is Arya. Everyone.
BMW drivers still assholes, but now the mantle has been passed.
To be fair, as Mike Ashley said, he has no idea what happens in his business and has really very little to do with the daily running of it. He's pretty clueless as to what happens under his watch. His defense is: "I am incompetent at my job. The buck does not stop here. It stops with someone else. Who is not me. I'd tell you who it was, but I have no idea." Meanwhile, he's pocketing a very, very large amount of money. Or maybe he's lying. Maybe he did know, and didn't care, or happily encouraged it. Neither option casts him in a good light, although one is perhaps more objectionable than the other, which may be why he went for the lesser of two evils. Either way I'm sure he's crying himself to sleep on his big ol' pile of cash.
It's adorable you imagine there will be any info on Winds at all.
He's gonna report on his trip and give zero info on progress on the books.
Sounds like you're resisting arrest.
Mobile phone, banks, communication, oil, massive supermarket chain, Ice tea - Wait... what?
I don't like the idea of putting characters from different universes in a shared universe.
I like to think he casually dropped 'other things' into the speech in reference to some horrible government program that he's casually glossing over because if he were to do so that would amuse me.
To be fair, there could be like... 10 Jaqens who all take it in turns. Good work/life balance.
Cool. Hey, guys, anything good coming out in 2019?
Kinda annoyed I missed that.
I'll get the team on it.
If leave had campaigned on that from the start, before registrations ended, then they would win by a landslide.
Scottish referendum as well.
If the field of view can be sufficient it's gonna be pretty epic I think.
It's like one of those Christian youth camps, but for common sense.
I believe that both are empty.
No, it was simply hosted on there.
&gt;the **convenient** timing of the murder of Jo Cox wat &gt;I'm actually embarrassed about how easy people can be swayed. Yes... the murder of that MP must have been awful for you.
Cersei's enemies all in one place? She's still got a Mountain. Perfect for extricating a Tommen from said location. Cersei: "Fuck you all." And then there's a crater.
I think any attempt to capitalise on her death is absolutely disgusting. The worst of course being the turgid BNP leftovers (whatever their party is called now) attempting to 'win' her seat. Then again they claim Labour are to blame for her death, so perhaps you have something in common with them.
I like what you're suggesting.
Are the mods deleting Pro gardening comments? People should be told.
Good for you. I'm sort of surprised you were not voting before, but it's encouraging that people have such a passion for the democratic process. Certainly the killer of Jo Cox did not. It gives me enormous pleasure to know our little chat has encouraged you to take part in this referendum no matter which way you wish to vote.
&gt;that's an extra 2 votes to leave I'm really on a roll! &gt;To really silence your stupid hypocritical voice. You seem really confused about this whole thing. I hope that in time you can gain a better clarity and grip on events.
Exactly. It's like when people ask if they should play world of warcraft and I tell them to just watch the movie because mediums are interchangeable and the experience is near enough the same.
Ironically it's those sorts of statements that are leveled straight back at the bigots.
If you're going to take your own pen, be sure to also squeeze some lemon juice on the page. If it turns purple then you know it's been tampered with,
A bunch of people with more money than sense can only mean one thing. Invasion. Sorry... still getting flashbacks.
Thomas the Tank Engine is an existential nightmare. Why would you even give a train a consciousness? These trains have faces, but no necks. They can only stare forwards. Forever. There are little men in their engine 'room'. There are controls there. What are those men doing? The fat controller always blames Thomas for messing up, but what about those men? Either they are some kind of barely conscious mannequin - some automaton with no actual soul - or they are able to manipulate Thomas. What does that say about his free will? They don't get paid as far as I can tell and they have no means of feeding themselves. It's up to the little men controlling them if they eat or starve. The fat controller meanwhile constantly re-enforces the mantra: these trains must be 'really, really useful'. Not 'helpful'. Not 'good'. Useful. What does he do to the ones who no longer have any use? Toby is the oldest train and is an old wooden wagon who transports rubbish around. What happened to all the other wooden trains? Look at this poor bastard in the tunnel. What more evidence do we need of how the Fat Controller deals with those trains who question their existence? He merely wanted to stay dry and not work in the rain. If you had a job and you disliked your working conditions you could quit. Can this train quit? Where would it go? I think we know. What of their mental age? These trains seem to barely understand the world. It's like they're 5 year olds or something. Every single episode Thomas or one of his fellow trains goes through the same routine: They are given a task, at which point they deviate from the task in a very specific way - they think for themselves and take the initiative. Thomas believes he can do the task himself - he wants to prove himself. People offer to do the task for him, or to share the load, but he wants to prove he can do it. He can't. Ever. He always requires help. The fat controller keeps giving him tasks for which he is unsuited and when he inevitably fails he must seek assistance. He is not completely useful. He is not whole - and he NEVER WILL BE. The Fat Controller ensures that he is always working to hard achieve a dream he can never attain, yet keeps insisting that the only good train is a useful train. This man is their God. If God were real and treated you this way would you not also rebel? I can only assume that the reason so many trains derail in the series is not because of slapstick mishaps but because they wish to end it all.
I also hate people's faces in shots, so it's good the person filming decided to crop hers out.
Your suggesting that a totalitarian oppressive regime would even allow the manufacture of the symbol of the greatest rebel and terrorist resistance facing them.
I didn't read the article, but I assume this was due to scientists using illegal performance enhancing drugs in order to run tests faster.
They didn't mean we would actually get one :D
We've always been at war with Eurasia.
This is from the POV of the wildfire cache that's about to blow up in his and everyone else's stupid face.
That's a good way to get your cart keyed.
It's genuinely my clock. Find an identical picture posted earlier.
Your meal will be ready very soon. No more than a week or two. Why, you're 40, so 2 weeks is barely anything.
To be fair, she kept her alive. Oh wait... all the others... Carry on.
In the short term (The next couple of hundred years or so) we're in for some rocky times, but after that things are gonna look up!
It wasn't a promise, it was a projection.
Wonder who the 'Red Woman' will be.
"This is a really, really bad idea. It's going to be bad. I mean... I'm not sure we can overstate how bad it's going to be." "It's not going to be bad. Seriously. It's gonna be awesome. Trust us." Days later... "This is bad." "Stop being negative! This is all your fault for not getting behind us!"
I don't think /u/98smithg meant that, did he?
20 sequels planned. Due to arrive 2032 onwards.
Batman and Robin. I'm sort of glad I didn't. In retrospect. But it was pretty bad at the time.
I don't think people expected the whole thing to come to a head so quickly, and just assumed that Cersei's downfall would coincide with Tommen's death very quickly.
Weren't they just bailed out in order to save Welsh jobs? Didn't people warn that this sort of thing would happen if we voted Leave? Are those who voted Leave in Wales shocked by this turn of events or is it a price worth paying? So many questions.
If you're going to Essex be sure to visit the wonderful city of... uhh... town of... wait... ummm... Wait... Ummm.... I'm sure if you drive through it on the way to somewhere you might see something nice. Other than fields. There's a lot of those. Trees of course. Uhh.. Hedges! You don't get too many hedges like British hedges elsewhere. That'll be a highlight of your trip to Essex. Although you can get them outside of Essex.
20 quid.
So... you're saying that if a leave guy - Boris perhaps - got in as Prime Minister then things would be different?
