If allowed by the car loan provider, I would also pay down the loan right away. It will probably save you on interest. Alternatively: an FDIC or NCUA insured savings account.
A 401k is not an IRA. Is the money in a 401k or in an IRA?
I would put some money in a 529. Maybe down the road she can get a heart transplant, maybe not even from another human-being but from her own cells. So, maybe also as a symbol of hope, I would open the 529 and put some money in. Otherwise, I wouldn't do a lot of other things. Keep saving for your retirement, keep the emergency fund at $30k, pay the co-pays.
I don't know how much the services of a CPA cost exactly, but I would say that for this particular year, with all these changes, it could very well be worth it. Maybe then from next year onwards, you can switch again to doing them yourself.
If both debts have roughly a 18% interest rate, then reducing that to 12% would be great (if there were no other fees for the consolidation process). If you have debts with very different interest rates, and the new rate you get after consolidation is the weighted average of the old ones, then consolidating probably increases the total amount of interest that you'll pay (consolidation can then still be a bit useful to make loans easier to manage, especially if you can consolidate 5+ different loans into one). Why you'll pay more interest? Imagine that you have $1k at 18% interest rate and $1k at 6% interest rate, and they offer you a consolidation rate with 12% interest rate. That's the weighted average, so that seems fair. But what that does, is that you lose the ability to first focus on the $1k at the 18% interest rate, and then be only left with a remaining balance at a much lower interest. Instead, you'll pay 12% during the whole duration of the pay-off process.
You're welcome. Perhaps you can wait a few more months, and during those months work on consolidating your side-income and on reducing your expenses? And on getting used to the idea of becoming self-employed...
I would like to help. But I have a few questions: What do you mean by "Have a job, but only half a year."? Did you get that job half a year ago, or do you mean you can only work it during six months of the year? (You can edit your post) What kind of annual (posttax/ takehome) income do you have with your current job (to see whether it could be possible for you to pay for transport etc)?
Sure. By the way, I saw your edit. I want to wish you good luck. You're still pretty young, and I've seen more people here, and in real life, who are trying to find their way in life at that age. Sometimes the first education doesn't work out, or for example (a friend of mine) got educated and then got an illness that prevented her from doing the job that she wanted to do and was educated to do. Sucks! Often it works out in the end (not always, but often). People find some work to do and often also develop within that new career. I hope that will be the case for you as well. Work hard, try to grasp opportunities, try to develop yourself. And I wish you the bit of luck that is needed as well.
Definitely check out the links that the AutoModerator provided. If you do not have any late payments or delinquent or defaulted debts, then your utilization rate currently is killing you. This will improve quickly once you reduce your debt load. Your new debt load is reported within a month, and then the credit score also changes to reflect the new utilization rate (debts divided by total possible debt). So you should see an increase of your score within a few weeks, every time you improve that utilization rate.
Then your current high utilization rate is influencing your score big-time. And that will improve soon after you start paying down your debts. By the way - have you checked your credit report recently? You can get a free credit report in Canada, I believe; don't know how exactly. You could check it to make sure there are no errors on it.
No, the markets don't average out every year to 6-8% returns. They do so over the years, and over many, many years. There are years with significantly higher returns (like 2014), and years with lower returns (like 2015). It's normal. The S&amp;P500 returned 1.2% for the year (included reinvested dividends), so your personal return seems similar to that. You should check out the 401(k) fund selection guide to make sure you have selected the right funds.
&gt; This fund has performed quite well over the past three years, averaging at about 12%. Over the past three years, Vanguard's S&amp;P500 fund returned 52% total, or roughly 15% per year. No front load, and an expense ratio of &lt;0.2% or so.
My idea was to let the old coverage (by Allstate) continue until you've got the new coverage confirmed. It will cost you a few bucks, but that's probably worth it for the reassurance that you're always covered.
The interest rate on your student loans is high enough to prioritize them over saving more for retirement. The interest rate on your car loan is lower, so if you've got any extra money coming in: put it towards the student loan, not the car loan. Http://unbury.us can be used to compare paying down the loan with the lowest balance first vs paying down the loan with the highest interest rate first.
Index funds are good. But target date funds often consist of different index funds. (Check the ones that your 401k will offer). What is withheld, and what you really owe in taxes, are two different things. So probably when you file your tax return, you'll get a refund because the company withheld too much on that bonus check. That often happens with a bonus check. I would check out the [W-4-calculator](https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator) by the IRS to see if you should change your W-4-form to get less withheld in 2016 (on all of your paychecks).
1. small emergency fund, say $1k to $2k 2. pay off any debts with interest rates over 4-5% 3. if you get a match on your 457 from your employer, put in enough money to get the match (nothing more until step 4 is completed) 4. increase size of emergency fund to 6 months of expenses Actually, this is in the FAQ, see [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)
Yes, this is the recent stock market. Sucks that you just got in now, but over the long, long run it'll be fine. Keep investing. And yes, also pay off your student loans, of course.
They way you want to do it, is not wrong. But if people have a low-interest student loan (say, $10k balance remaining @ 4%), if they have a good, stable job and are settled in a specific area, then buying a not-too-expensive house may make sense for them. For you, just go with paying down the student loans as much as you can as soon as you can. It's a smart move. (PS Also don't forget to keep a small emergency fund and to at least put enough in your 401k to get the full match that your employer gives (if they do match)).
I just want to say: you may get a small ding on your credit report for this, BUT it is not the end of the world. So don't panic. Do your job, do it well, and when you get paid, start making smart choices with the money (so: make sure to keep a roof over your head, to keep your belly full, and then to pay down the debts as much as you can with every pay check). It's a difficult period in your life right now, but you have a lot of opportunity to make it through. So no need to panic. Good luck!
"Deferred" means that you don't have to make payments right now. It doesn't mean that no interest is added to the balance. Go find out what exact status your debts have!
I would focus on paying it off as soon as you can. Maybe it's even possible to pay off in less than 10 years (if your salary keeps increasing). http://unbury.us could help you create a plan; see what an extra $200 or $500 per month can do to speed up the payment process (the difference can be bigger than you think).
What interest rate does the student loan have? What interest rate would the line of credit have? Generally speaking I would lean towards paying off the student loan slowly. Reason: they *can* suddenly deny you the use of the line of credit, and not give you that money. Then you could be stuck with no access to money. They cannot demand the full $3600 back from the student loan all in one go. So paying it back slowly means having more money in the bank for sure, which can be important to keep you going during your studies. But if the student loan is at 10% interest rate and the line of credit at 2%, I might take the risk of using the credit line instead of the student loan. Have you selected a new study that you think will work well for you? (Your interests, and your career prospects?).
You're a smart noob. And you're absolutely right.
I invest in index funds from Vanguard. You're talking about ETFs all the time, but I'm not investing in ETFs. There are enough index funds to choose from for Vanguard Europe. No, you can't invest in specific subsectors of the market, but I wouldn't do that anyway. I would go for diversified and global, and those index funds are offered by the European branch of Vanguard in Ireland.
Thirty stocks isn't very diversified, no. I can imagine the majority not doing well and also a significant percentage (like 10 or so) going bankrupt during a market downturn. So thirty companies is not a lot and not very safe. I would not sell the shares that you've got now, and I would assume the market will recover in your country, too. But I would indeed get international exposure and make your national market at most 10% of your total assets over the next five years or so (so mostly invest new money internationally). I live in the Netherlands, and I haven't even bought a Dutch-specific index fund; the "smallest" regional area I'm investing in is Europe.
Who knows. No way to predict that right now. In the long run, the difference between investing only in January 2016 or 1/12th of that amount every month of 2016 is probably going to be small anyway. If you had invested in the S&amp;P500 in January 1976, 40 years ago, it was at 97 points. During the year 1976, values were between 97 and 105, for a more than 5% difference, but of course, current values are around 2000, so currently, you would say the person who bought for 97 in January 1976 made roughly just as much of a profit as the person who bought for 105 in summer 1976.
&gt; Soon I will be expected to give my wife children before I get too old. Seriously? Do you even want to be a parent? If not, then please, please, don't do it. Enough unwanted children on this earth already!
I would create a small emergency fund in savings, for when shit hits the fan, so to speak. So probably that fund should hold three months of your regular expenses, meaning that if shit hits the fan, you have a few thousand dollars to help you deal with it (whether it's unemployment, a sudden car repair, a health problem, etc). When you've reached the required amount in the savings account, for example $5k, I would put most dollars towards the student loans. You're pretty young still, right now that seems the best idea. Maybe in the future you'll have a separate savings account because you want to save up for a mortgage down payment, or for a new(er) car, but right now I would focus on the student loans. I want to wish you good luck! I understand that it sucks sometimes, but it *has* given you the opportunity to create a great career for yourself. In the long run, I think your education was a good bet. But right now you will have to go through the sucky part first, before you can really start enjoying the benefits.
It looks like you're not very good with handling money. That happens. I was like that too, when I was in my twenties. And hopefully you'll get better at it. But that is why I think you should put this check that's coming right into the IRA as soon as it arrives. I don't think $35k sitting in a checkings account is safe for you. And it will do miracles for you in the IRA, if you let it. (And also if the investment options within the IRA are good... What are you investing in, and with what investment company? Do you know their fees?) Put the money away, don't touch it. And then work with your *current* income on paying off your debts (that $15k debt needs to go!), and on building up some savings.
A financial planner is not going to help you, I think. What you need to do right now is: 1. Pay down debt. Starting with that $5k in credit card debt, as I assume it has a very high interest rate. 2. Put money in a savings account. For emergency expenses, and later on for savings for a car and for a down payment. 3. Put more money in your retirement account, say 6% of your salary instead of 2%. Later, when your debts are gone, you should up this to 10%. Now, a financial advisor is going to tell you the same thing. But he or she cannot create these accounts for you, create the automatic transfers, and make you do this. That's you. So "just do it": start paying down the credit card debt, perhaps by creating an automatic transfer which happens right after each paycheck comes in. Open a savings account (if you haven't got one already) and transfer money to it with every paycheck. Contact your HR-person at work and change the amount that is transferred to the 401k. You are the one who needs to make the changes.
Ouch, for the interest rate for the bank loan. Then I would definitely pay back the student loan slowly and accumulate some savings so that you may not have to use the bank line of credit.
I'm using Brand New Day. You can also check out meesman.nl for index funds with low fees. (But I believe they're not offering funds by Vanguard but by ... Black Rock???). I'm using Brand New Day because they also offer specific retirement investing accounts, and I can use that because I have some "jaarruimte" left sometimes. Meesman doesn't offer retirement investing accounts.
Dear God, no!! *You* build up your credit score by getting a student credit card or a secured credit card, and always paying the credit card bill in full before the due date. Thus, you will pay exactly $0 in interest and still see a nice improvement of your score over time. Check out [the FAQ on building your credit score](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building#wiki_i_have_no_credit.2C_and_i_am_looking_to_get_started.). *Your parents* can finance their $45k car (what are they buying? A golden car?) with their own credit scores and their own money.
Yeah, but then the postman can't get the anti-theft box off, and everybody comes looking why their mail isn't arriving. ;-)
On the other hand, if you have casual sex, you should *always* use a condom to protect yourself and the other person. Those guys were idiots apparently.
Definitely.
1. A parttime programming job on the side? With a company who don't mind that you aren't available during office hours, and who will allow you to work from home. 2. Develop an app or a computer program, possibly related to (personal) finance. May or may not result in cash flow, you never know whether it will be a success or not. 3. Become a consultant yourself, start your own company. Let yourself be hired for small projects by companies, where you work hard on a project for a few weeks (remote; and in the evening hours in your case) and get paid for the result.
I'm also an impatient person :-) You're getting there, and keep going! For both your and my sake, I hope the market returns will be nice in the next few years. But you never know.
$1 million is pretty great! And there will be others who will have the same salary as you, and they will not put away *any* money, and they will still be at work at age 67, when you have been enjoying already at least ten years or retirement already being, and staying, fit and healthy. I think you'll very well capable of increasing your income as well, which means your retirement date can get closer and closer to the current date as well.
Is your father still capable of doing his own financial stuff? If not, there are legal ways to make someone else power of attorney, I believe it's called.
Except that apparently everyone is also spending a lot of money on travel and hotel rooms, which the travel companies will say "thank you" for, but they will not split their profits with you.
Nice :-)
Yup. Boiling them will solve that problem right away. Make sure to check into the burn clinic though right after, as boiling your balls may lead to some pain and infection issues. (Men with fertility issues are advised to wear lose underwear so that the temperature of their balls is lower, and to not take hot baths).
Depending on whether or not you're planning to reproduce this month, that may be a good or a bad thing.
Which is by the way not forgetting that you actually *can* get cancer from the sun, but ... still better to catch a few rays compared to never going outside ever. Vitamin D and emotional well-being and stuff.
Alcohol. That's alcohol.
Perhaps. Maybe it would be better to just have a local wedding and invite the people that you actually want to be there. You would "force" several other people to fork over several hundreds of dollars for that destination wedding, just to allow you two to avoid these maybe-painful conversations with people that you actually do not want to invite to your wedding. You would also perhaps end up with some people you'd want to be there not able to make it (due to money or time restrictions), while someone else with more money and time is coming and you actually don't care for them being there.
I would do an inspection on the house before buying. Costs maybe $500, can save you thousands and a lot of headaches.
Congrats, sounds good. Good luck on the book!
Yes, the markets are currently down, so that your robo-investment is down could well be because of that. I would find out, what exactly Voya does with your money: what is the money invested in? And what are the fees? If the fees are low ( &lt; 0.5%) and the investment options are good, I would strongly consider maxing out the 401k . By the way, make sure that the IRA doesn't get more than $5500 of your contributions this year, more is not allowed (and if you put in 10% of your pretax income, you are going beyond $5500 this year). Check out /r/personalfinance, they have a FAQ (right-hand column) which has excellent advice on retirement accounts and which options to choose within the 401k.
Glad to see that afroamerican plumbers are growing their wealth, too!
I think it is possible that interest is added that accumulated during her studies and in the one year when she deferred the loan. The total amount of interest seems to be something like $6k or so, and I can imagine that for a loan with 7% interest rate, this is what accumulated over the years (from the first day that she took out the first loan, if they were unsubsidized loans, which means that interest start accumulating as soon as you take out the loan, but you won't need to make payments until you finish your studies). However, I'm not completely sure of this. I think the most important thing for you and her is to just call the loan provider and ask them to give you a long explanation of what has been happening. It is possible that also administrative errors were made. So talk to the loan provider. Also ask why there is a late payment, perhaps you have been making too irregular payments? But that could be a different matter and (another) error by them...
Pay debts from highest to lowest interest rate, so start with the credit card indeed and when that's gone, work on student loan 2. http://unbury.us might help, as could the [FAQ on debt](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/debt#wiki_what.27s_the_best_way_to_pay_down_my_debt.3F), which also explains why focusing on the highest interest rate helps you become debtfree soonest with the lowest amount of interest paid. Congrats on getting a bonus, and good luck!
These types of health insurance, with a high deductible, are not there to help you pay for your insuline, they exist to help you out if you for example get into a car accident with pretty severe trauma, or suddenly need surgery for appendicitis, stuff like that. In short, these types of insurances are there to help you recover from what can be a catastrophic hospital bill. Now you can decide to not take one and hope that you won't have anything like that happen to you until February, or you can decide that you'd rather pay the premium for a month to insure you from these kind of risks (chances are small, but *if* it happens, you're toast). I hope that your work health care plan is a better deal for you! Lower deductible and low(ish) premium!
You say renting would cause a loss, are you sure? The mortgage payment consists of a part of mortgage interest, and a part of paying down the principal. If the rent covers the mortgage interest and other costs (like taxes), then it could be that it's not a loss. So say rent is $600/month, and mortgage payment is $700/month and taxes are $100/month, BUT the mortgage payment has $300/month going to principal, then the $600/month rent covers the interest part of the payment, and the taxes, and a little bit of the principal payment, too.
If you can't afford both, then of course you need to choose the insulin. And then let's hope that nothing terrible/catastrophic will happen to you, while you are not covered by health insurance for this month. (Of course you know that if an emergency happens, just to go to the hospital and get treatment, you can work out a payment plan later, when they have saved your life)
You're right. And you could be the poster child as to why buying isn't always better than renting a place. Now you know, right? (Sorry, that has little to do with you, but there are too many young redditors coming here saying "renting is throwing money away, they tell me, so I need to buy!") You will need to come up with the difference, and a loan is your best bet. Could be a loan at your bank, you could also consider P2P-lending (like prosper) if they offer a better interest rate to you.
I would say: it depends. And also: you can do a bit of both. We have something similar in my country (the Netherlands). You can buy an annuity with a life insurance company and it will keep paying you the same amount every month until you die. Advantage: a steady income until the month you die. Disadvantage: you accept lower returns for this advantage. So what I can imagine, is that a person puts in enough in such an annuity to guarantee a steady and fixed payment every month for the rest of their life (say, a guaranteed income on "minimum wage level") and that they put the rest of their money to work elsewhere. Personally, I am putting a few thousand euros per year in a pension plan (with tax benefits), but I'm also choosing to put a few additional thousands of euros per year somewhere else.
80% stocks / 20% bonds is what lots of people here have who are on their way to financial independence; and they will very likely reach it quicker than people who are 65% stocks and 35% bonds. Diversified and low-fee stock investments (index funds) are actually quite safe in the long run, volatile in the short run but showing a nice return in the longer run. OP is also young enough that a short downturn won't matter much either. If OP would do 80%/20%, the 20% would still be quite a lot of money, so that even an unexpected event in his personal life could be paid for from the cash, if it happened.
Very different, indeed. Well done. You're inspiring me!
You could see it like this: During the year you're getting a 0% loan from your state. You have to pay that back at tax time, and you have no trouble doing so. You also seem to have a lot of savings (or you wouldn't have to pay that much capital gains on the 1% interest you earned), so that's another thing that you've got going for you. (PS I assume that you also have some money in tax-friendly retirement accounts?).
A good CPA might indeed find ways for you to reduce your tax burden. This year, and also in the future. You could profit from possible new knowledge every year from now on. I am in the Netherlands, and our Dutch CPA so far has saved us more money than he charges. One of the advices he gave also has allowed us to save more for retirement, which makes us feel good and more secure about the future.
You might want to post this in a separate thread to have it get more attention. If so, please also give numbers (income earned for both jobs, amount of deduction you can claim for your independent contractor job).
Maybe add something about how your refund may be big if you have only worked for a few months last year...
Except when you're the one giving them bad news. Then maybe don't smile.
1. Keep budgeting. Try to keep your expenses low. Whenever you make more money than you need for expenses, put it aside in your savings account. Twice per year (say june and early december) look at the total amount that you've got in savings and decide how much you can set aside for retirement (keep some in savings, too, of course). I would start with opening and filling up a Roth IRA (maximum $5500/year), after that you have lots more of possibilities for tax-friendly retirement savings as someone who is self-employed. PS chexk out the FAQ for general info on retirement accounts, and check google for retirement accounts available for self-employed individuals). 2. I guess I would try to find a reliable second-hand car for a few thousand - hopefully one that will last you 2-4 years. I'm not sure whether you have the savings for that, yet? If not, you might have to try to secure a loan, and then I would pay that off asap, even before saving for retirement (as I assume your interest rate on the car loan will be high, unfortunately). Good luck. And thanks for serving society.
Looks like it. Try to make as sure as is possible that the car is good. Try to negotiate on the price. Make sure you are allowed to pay off the loan early (and do so). Good luck!
Oh dear, yes, weight loss on its own can already cause lower blood pressure; and then a relatively higher dose of blood pressure medication... Time to go see the doc, quickly! (Falls aren't funny when you're old).
One thing I did and that you shouldn't do, is accept the windowless small cupboard-sized room in the hotel. I can tell you that that's a recipe for instant depression. On the other hand, I fondly remember the hotel in the city center of Barcelona, with my own balcony overlooking a central square, and dancers on that square on Sunday doing traditional Spanish dances. Loved it. (NB had to find it on google maps, it was hotel Colon next to the Catedral). So: don't go cheap, spoil yourself to a nice hotel(room), and enjoy the experience.
Same here. As someone who is prone to depression, I actually also look at my cute little nieces and nephew and hope that they'll somehow be spared a bit.
Are you taking medication for hypertension, please? Have your cholesterol checked, too. Knowing that it's high means that you can do something about it. Ignoring the issue won't help. Hugs.
It is spreading, and I'm really curious what it will do to the debate of having kids or not having kids. This is I think the first time a disease makes people stop having kids. Other arguments, like "don't have kids because you are already poor" or "don't have kids because of environmental reasons" are less convincing, I think, then: "don't have kids because if you catch this disease while pregnant, your kid will come out retarded". I do hope science finds an answer for this, such as a vaccination, because I'm sure otherwise there will be more microcephalic kids in the next decade, and I don't think that's a good thing for society.
Colombia too and some people in Surinam got infected too.
True, very true.
Let me pitch in as well; then Ellie_Underscore and I can share the burden; and maybe some others as well? (I live in the Netherlands, by the way).
In the Netherlands, parents used to warn their daughters against premarital sex with: "Don't give him the milk for free, because if you do, why would he buy the cow?". (Dutch: 'Waarom zou je de koe kopen als je de melk gratis kunt krijgen?')
OP has more money than he'll ever need, why would he still "never stop working"?
Not your problem. It's very sad for these children, but they are not your responsibility. Good luck at work!
Tell her that children are no longer a subject in your discussions with her. If she talks about you having children, that's the end of the conversation for that day (or week, whatever you prefer). If she talks about other children, she can perhaps mention them ("Aunt Laura's grandchild had a birthday yesterday"), but if you then say she should drop the subject, she should drop it, or else you will end the conversation.
It's a bit like raising a child. If unwanted behaviour is punished, then it often stops. Maybe you can also reward her if she shows behaviour that you want...
I've seen people believing that if you die an old person (with artritis etc), you will be reborn in heaven with a rejuvenated body. So basically you turn 30 again.
Definitely do that. Cycles typically become very irregular and unpredictable as women age, which is why a lot of catholic families have "surprise" siblings that are 5-10 years younger than the rest of the kids. Because of the older age of the parents, these often also weren't the brightest kids, unfortunately.
I also don't know who told you that. It is probably not true. (Generally speaking the birth control pill gives a bit of protection against ovarian cancer, which sadly didn't protect your mother). If it's important to you, I would discuss this with a doctor.
Next time you talk to her, imagine that she's a big dog, badly raised, but perhaps still capable of learning new behavior...
I think involving consumer protection agencies at this point is the thing that will activate this bank... You need a strong third party which can force them to "behave"; you have given them all possible chances to resolve this themselves. Complaining with the [Federal Reserve](http://www.federalreserveconsumerhelp.gov/) might help.
Pay off the credit card in full. I don't really think it's weird that a 25-year-old pays his parent(s) rent for the privilege of having a roof over his head. Yeah, sleeping on the couch sucks, but the $400 is for rent and utilities and probably also groceries (?). Not too bad a deal, and it will be hard to replicate that if you move in with friends. So pay off the credit card in full, and I would put the remaining money in savings, becuase you'll need a buffer if you want to move out by summer.
Check out the [Fair Debt Collection Practices Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_Debt_Collection_Practices_Act) (under prohibited conduct); I'm fairly sure that what they did was illegal and you can report them for it.
Have you actually discussed this with your parents? I can imagine that you create a situation where for the first year or two you still live with one of your parents, and pay them a bit of rent every month (say 50 pounds/week) so that you help them with the bills. Your income is pretty low, it would help if you could stay home a bit longer, until hopefully the income goes up. Your help with the rent could be valuable, as could be your help with your family's situation overall (see your little siblings more often, take care of them now and then, cook a meal now and then).
You're in the wrong thread :-) There is a daily "small questions" thread, but it's not this one.
Up your contributions to the 401k and IRA, right?
Well done, finding that new job!
Definitely sounds like an option. I would create a time path (how many years here, when do you start exploring teaching jobs there, etc). I would also stay flexible, who knows what will happen in the next five years or so (I'm talking in your personal life and I'm talking politics and situations in Asia and stuff like that).
You can actually be a real advisor to your clients, instead of a salesperson... Sounds really nice :-)
I think google's your friend here. If you know pretax income and which state you'll be in, then you can get a good estimate from many websites that will extimate posttax income or paycheck numbers from pretax income.
Ouch. Sorry to hear that your friend advised a combination of investing and life Insurance. *Term* life Insurance can be a good idea to cover any people dependent on you/on your income, until you have saved enough to replenish that income, or until your dependents have grown up. Whole life Insurance or other more complicated Insurance products generally are not beneficial for you, the client, but more for the advisor and the company selling them. Only if you're really rich and want to make sure your estate tax is lower, then a product like that makes sense. For that you would have to leave an estate behind in the multimillions ... I don't think you're there just yet? So no, I wouldn't do this. Also see the [FAQ of /r/personalfinance](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/insurance) on this specific topic.
I guess I was just trying to point out that $400/month is not unreasonable/pretty good deal. Your own situation is pretty good. Well, I also think that in your situation financing a pretty expensive car was a mistake, but that's a mistake that you will be able to overcome (by paying down the car loan with some dedication and by driving the car for as many years as possible, taking good care of it), and next time you can make better choices. As for your other expenses: you could probably in the future also make better choices for your phone. There are currently plans for like $20-$50/month that probably will give you the same amount of data and minutes that you are using now. You're probably on a contract now, but when you're ready to switch, research your options. That would be a savings of multiple hundreds of dollars per year. As for your student loans: it might be beneficial to pay them off quicker. You have more income than expenses right now, your credit card debt will be gone once you have that tax refund, maybe it's time to start focusing on the student loans. In particular, if there are loans in there that have an interest rate over 5%. You can check out http://unbury.us to create a payoff plan, that page allows you to play with the numbers ("What if I pay an extra $100/month?") and then you can see how much quicker you can pay off your loans and how much interest that saves you (it tells you how much interest you'll pay, and you can of course compare the two numbers). Your father's situation is different. Ultimately, that's not your problem, and also a thing that you can't fix, really, because *he* has to fix it. I'm not sure whether you would want to stick around for a bit longer to help him, but maybe for the benefit of your sister? But yes, that's a different discussion. Most important thing for you is to get and keep your own finances in good shape. I think budgeting, trying to get better deals next time on expenses like car (transport) and phone, and getting rid of debts are smart things to do. Good luck!
Nice. Good choices and well done!
To me it seems a bit "all over the place". Why three different brokerages accounts with Vanguard, for example? And why target date 2060 for one, and 2045 for others? And then add several other investments to the target date fund as well... I would probably try to simplify - reduce the number of accounts and come up with a more simplified allocation too. I'm no expert on this, and I guess others will also weigh in on the matter. But if I personally were to inherit this, as I said, I would simplify :-)
PS. I thought about adding: Vanguard's a good choice of course, as are its funds. It could also be a lot worse :-)
Use the W-4 calculator from the IRS website!
Also, apparently, there is too much money withheld from your mother with each paycheck for taxes. That is the money that is refunded to her every year with the tax refund. Your mother can file a W-4 form with the company she works for, and then they will change her withholding and she gets a bit more money with every paycheck. (The IRS has a W-4 calculator on their website which tells your mother which number to put in on the form, to get the right amount of withholding). Note: changing the W-4 and getting more money per paycheck of course will mean that her annual refund will be lower, because she already got some of that money with every paycheck!! She should also try to make more than roughly $1200/month posttax. Get a raise, find a second job, do odd jobs like babysitting, mowing people's lawn, petsitting etc etc.
They can't claim her as a dependent if she wasn't a dependent.
She didn't pay enough tax during the year, so she got more money in her bank account than she was supposed to get. Now it's time to pay that back. There are no extra costs involved in this for her, just the money that she owed in taxes anyway, so her company has no liability for anything. If she can't pay in full before the due date, she should contact the IRS who will gladly set up a payment plan for her without extra costs to her and without it impacting her credit score or anything.
Some people get rich by being a landlord, others have to declare bankruptcy at some point. It all depends on the debts that you have (and at what interest rates), the prices at which you can buy the properties, whether or not you can get renters and how much rent they pay, how much you'll need to pay for repairs, taxes, etc.
Could you tell your uncle that he'll just have to wire you the remaining $60k? I don't know how your MIL sent the money to the US, but your uncle using cash (probably from non-declared income) is something that *you* do not want to get involved in. If your MIL sent the money by wire from her bank account to your uncle-in-law's bank account, then this uncle should have an additional $60k sitting in his bank account, ready to send to you via traditional methods and also without needing you to fly out.
Three years is too short to invest this money in stocks. The risk is too great that stocks would be worth less 3 years from now than they are worth now. I don't think you want that to happen to you. So the best thing to do, would be to keep this money in a savings account with high interest rate. It's possible that you can also find savings accounts in the UK where you promise to keep the money in for 3 years, and in return you get a higher interest rate. (In the US, this is called a CD or certificate of deposit, in the UK, I don't know). In short: find a good account where the money is safe and secure, and try to get an interest rate that is pretty nice. (NB: make sure to look beyond your own current bank, as other banks may offer better rates).
I stopped reading halfway through. Whole life Insurance, universal life insurance or permanent life insurance and you got a shitty deal. Check out the FAQ as to [why](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/insurance) this is a shitty deal for everyone except the company and your financial "advisor".
Open a free savings account. Put money that you don't need, there. That savings account will be your "car savings account", thus, it's only there to help you buy a car. It helps to have the money out of sight. You won't see a high balance in your regular account, and thus, hopefully, you're also less tempted to spend money on silly stuff.
It's not easy to not spend money on stupid stuff. There are a lot of adults out there who still haven't gotten the hang of it. I know I didn't until age 27. So if you have already stumbled across this problem now, at age 18, and it "only" cost you 2g to find out you have a problem that you need to solve, then I am glad for you, because you are now aware of the problem and can change your ways. Putting money away in a savings account can help. Out of sight, out of mind. Also, labeling the money helps: "this money is for my new car", it helps to have that idea about the money, you will probably be less tempted to spend it on something else. Finally, budgeting also may help. So for example, you give yourself $50/week for fun stuff (so $200-$250/month). If you want a $1k watch, that's fine, you'll just have to save up for four months and then you can buy it. But maybe then you think about better things to do with four months of your fun money, and that's okay, too.
If the mortgage interest rate is 4% and stays at 4% (fixed rate), I would work on the IRA. It's likely that investing in stocks within the IRA will give you an average return of 7% or so, which means it gets a better return than paying down the mortgage faster. If the mortgage interest rate is variable, then it is likely that the rate will go up in the future, and then I would focus on that a bit more. In all cases, it's also allowed to do a bit of both; so you could pay down the mortgage by $10k per year extra, and also put 2 x $4k in both IRAs. (By the way, it seems like you have at least $30k of extra cash flow in a year; so actually you can put $11k in the IRAs every year AND pay down the mortgage by $19k every year).
My dad keeps ass-porting. In the middle of conversations, he suddenly disappears. Only to return a few minutes later, laughing that it happened again. One day he's going to end up somewhere worse than in Geneva's lake, as he did three weeks ago. We're thinking about having his teleportation rights revoked.
Nice, congrats! And keep it up, of course!
Yup, same here.
The general [How to handle $]() can contain useful information for you. Also, check out the FAQs on [credit building]() and the more general [credit scoring]().
The general [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) can contain useful information for you. Also, check out the FAQs on [credit building](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building) and on [credit scoring in general](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/fico).
I'm sorry to hear this, OP. I think you have already got some good advice. I just have two things: 1: Where's your mother in all this? She's the "true" adult here, the one who should try to keep everything together. I know that's a pretty tough thing to do when you're also mourning and a bit lost, but I believe that at the very least the burden shouldn't be completely on you. You might want to share some of your sorrows and worries with her. 2: &gt; The youngest is in trade school but has recently lost interest in graduating and none of us can figure out why. I also can't, but ... this can't go on, of course. So try to find a way to make him/her talk. Find help. Perhaps the school can help, perhaps there's a counselor somewhere who can help. As a young person, you should all be eager to go, get your own life, and get a job to be able to do so. I'm a bit afraid that the 22-year-old one is hard work to get back on track, but try to catch this 20-year-old brother of yours before things get worse.
Ah. Probably not, indeed. But that doesn't matter, you'll find a new job closer to home.
&gt; I have called the bank, and spoken to them at person. They forgave 1 overdraft fee of 35$. The other 310 in fees is still there. You might try to call again, and perhaps if the person you speak to can't help, ask for a manager who might be able to help. Otherwise, if they won't budge, you'll be out of luck here. They have every right to charge you those fees (because you signed the contract that said they could do that). (By the way, you might want to consider switching to another bank later, who charges less fees - but they are rare in America unfortunately).
Indeed. And that's also why you should move away from Northwestern Mutual. I assume you're going to a low-fee investment institution such as Vanguard or Fidelity?
I would try to get rid of that cigarette addiction. The e-cigarette might help, and then slowly use less of that, too.
&gt; would have a 3% sales charge per transaction. Most of the Fidelity fund fact sheets also state a 5.25% sales charge (...) am I correct in understanding that the total entry fee for one of these funds would be 8.25%? I'm not completely sure on that. I guess I would call them and ask. Maybe you pay just one of the two, and the other one mentioned needs to be updated. I would contact them and ask. I'm surprised how expensive they are. But... I understand that this is the Hong Kong branche, and you're in Hong Kong? So their fees can be different than in the US.
No, it's not too late. Write them a letter, send it through Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, and in the letter also give them ways to contact you (and hours to contact you).
&gt; We do have car debt and some credit card debt I would indeed pay off the credit card debt before donating to charity. Otherwise, you're charitable to your credit card provider, and believe me, they don't deserve your charity. So focus on paying off the debt, so that once that is done, you can start donating to charities. I would, by the way, also check out the FAQ in the right-hand column for ideas about saving for retirement and saving for your kids' education.
Research a few banks and a few credit unions in the area close to where you live. Find out what kind of fees they have and what kind of interest rates they offer. You want a bank or credit Union with low fees (in particular the fees for using ATMs, the fees for overdrafting your account (I hope you don't!), and any fees associated with having a debit card or maintaining the bank account itself). Then, open a checkings account with one of them that has low fees and a nice interest rate on savings accounts, and put your money in there.
I live in Europe myself. So I could tell you what to do, if you lived in the Netherlands like me. But I don't know what options you have in Hong Kong. Still, I hope for you that you can indeed find a better deal than this one!
Index funds with Meesman or Brand New Day, two Dutch online investing companies, and/or ETFs through several online brokers such as BinckBank. Fees are a bit higher than in the US, they are 0.3% to 0.6% per year, and no sales charges.
Elsewhere, too.
&gt; Tried applying to places like McDonalds Have you tried by actually going there and applying in person? I think that that might help.
Your co-worker who could retire only because her husband can provide for both of them? She's totally right that she *shouldn't* retire. The risks are too big: A. What if he loses his job for some reason? (Fired, sickness...). B. What if they divorce? So yes, she is smart to keep working. Perhaps the both of them can work towards real FI status together in a few years time (apparently they can live on his salary alone), but she shouldn't quit just yet.
Yeah, sigh.
It's completely different. With a heart transplant, they take your heart out of one body and cool it, and circulate fluid through it with oxygen in it and nutrients and other components to keep the heart stable for as long as possible, and basically take really really good care of it until they can transplant it into the other person. It's still true that they have to try and do it soon, the quicker the transplant, the more chance that the heart will do well in the new person.
Probably not. His brain probably had stopped registering at that point.
It sounds pretty scary. But you have to remember that at least in this case, that person was probably brain-dead, and at the very least completely unconscious. So they were not suffering, they did not feel/experience the lack of oxygen anymore, it did not hurt them.
Maybe she should visit a slaughter house for the facts, and then go vegetarian.
I guess I would make it a two-day wedding: one day for all the wedding pictures of the couple, the other of the real wedding, with also some pictures of the guests.
I'm rooting for you!
The first thing you should do, is to contact your bank. You call them at the number that they provide on their website for their customers. Or, alternatively, walk into your local branch of the bank. Given your story, I would say your identity was stolen last week and you were a very nice help to them.
I would definitely use the stocks to pay down the CC debt; and perhaps also part of your buffer. Maybe you can then do a smaller 401k loan (for $2000 or so?) and try to pay that back over the next six months (at $330/month). 401k loans have some risks attached to them; if you're fired or want to change jobs, you have to pay them off immediately.
It is very likely that putting the money in the market will make you more than 3.5% average per year. However, there are just no guarantees with investing. So we cannot guarantee you that investing in the market is the best move. You'll just have to live with the uncertainty ... Maybe one thing that could help, is do a bit of both: say, pay down the mortgage by 50% now (by selling some of the stocks), and then also use 50% of your future surplus income to pay down the mortgage quicker over the next couple of years. This way, you would kind of get the average of both returns. If the stock market does better than 3.5%, you've been taking part with half of your surplus money. If the stock market does worse, at least half of your money did 3.5%...
You will still have $120k/year coming in, with hardly any commuting costs etc; that's more than what most Americans earn, and thus I think you should be able with that kind of income to have a nice life now, but also to set aside some money for the future (your own retirement) and to help your parents and your children.
PS. No, no regrets. But I'm not you. For example, my parents have taken care of their own retirement and won't need my financial help; on the other hand, in a few years they *may* really appreciate me spending some time with/on them (to bring them to hospital appointments or something like that).
I'm sorry for your loss, too. :-(
Term life insurance works because most people will *not* die during the term that they choose. So you've got a thousand people's premium coming in, and you have to pay out for a handful of them, the others will survive until the end of the term.
Well, you'd still have major blood vessels in that area, so the blood loss could still kill you...
Funny how in real life, we are just happy with the one heart that we actually have...? And sometimes treat it like shit, too. I'm looking at myself by the way, and thinking back of that delicious dinner last night...
I was a bit of an idiot as a student and spend all money that was "given" to me. Paid the price afterward (although as a Dutch student in the Netherlands, my student loans had very very reasonable conditions). So don't be as stupid as I was :-) If you want, check out the FAQ (right-hand column), for example about budgeting and about paying down debt. Also, you could use http://unbury.us to see what regular debt payments can do to your debts.
T Rowe probably is pretty expensive, but I would read up on your options in the next couple of days/weeks, so that you know more when you have to make the decision.
So that's $480-$600 per month (in a 4 or 5 week month), so it looks like you should have something like $800 left over every month. Wow, nice! So now you can start planning what to do with that extra income. I'm guessing some of that will go towards a car, and some towards a super. You should also set some of it aside just for general savings, as sometimes expenses will come up that you hadn't planned. It looks like this job can help you build up your life. One thing I would caution about: don't start spending money that you don't have, yet. You are just starting out. You could lose this job. If that happens, you don't want to be in debt because you bought an expensive car or something like that. So continue to be careful with your expenses.
On the upside, you have a girlfriend. ;-)
Check out the FAQ on [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) and on [windfalls](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall) (although this isn't technically a windfall, it's still a large amount of money where you're suddenly wondering: what to do with it?)
Yes, go to the police. For now, I would focus on the fact that their friends might be trying to flee the country (if I understand you correctly). Hopefully the police will be able to understand whether or not it's really risky and urgent.
Yes, it is very sad for your friend and his mother. But acting now might prevent worse things.
Use bluebook to get an estimate of the actual value of your car. I would also contact the car loan company for how much you'd have to pay them to get rid of the payments right now. My guess is that that's less than 49x$436, because in those payments some interest over the next few years is included. Probably you still owe more on the car than what it's worth. Your friend might be able to buy the car from you and get his own loan, but you would still have to come up with the difference between his fair payment and what you owe.
&gt; traditional IRA and calculate how much I can contribute Yes. Because it has tax benefits; it's always smart to use tax sheltered places if you can. You can open a traditional IRA with Vanguard. &gt; Do I get a Vanguard Roth One can have a Roth IRA or a Roth 401k; it always means that it's a retirement account where you have put after-tax money in and get tax benefits when you take money out after retirement age (because the distributions won't be taxed at that point). So since you can't have a Roth IRA because of your high income, you also can't get a "Vanguard Roth". You can open a regular investment account, a taxable account, with Vanguard. I would do both: open a traditional IRA with them and contribute as much as you are allowed, and also open a taxable account with them and put the rest there. &gt; future Target Date fund ...target date funds are generally in the future. I get the feeling that you aren't completely sure about what all these words mean; so I would suggest reading the "Retirement accounts wiki page" (the AutoModerator links to it) to get some help with that. Good luck!!
&gt; However, I also want to spend 2 years in Europe au-pairing to improve my French and German, as a sort of investment in future careers. I wouldn't do this. You can learn French and German while you're working. I think investing in a language course will cost you less money and less time than au-pairing. (You can of course even start with free courses online; plus perhaps find someone who is German and who wants to learn better English and thus exchange languages)
I can understand your feelings :-) . I'm a bit older than you now, but I remember also being a bit scared when being about your age and going to college somewhere else. I'm glad that you have two parents who will still be around to give you advice. You won't live with them, but you will still be able to call or app them when you don't know something. (When I was on my own for the first time, I called them to ask how to boil potatoes, and how to do laundry... These days you can also try to google that stuff by the way). Perhaps your parents can also help you get a reliable second-hand car for little money? So as I understand, you'll want to move out, find a room of your own for the college year. Perhaps you'll move home over summer every summer? It's great that you have saved up some of your cash until now. That money can be really valuable to you. So keep saving cash if you can. And well done for being smart with money until now. I think most useful advice would be to learn how to budget, and how to track your expenses. We have a FAQ, which has a wealth of information. About [budgeting](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_budgeting) for example, and there's also a specific section for [15-20 year olds who are starting out](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/teachme). One more thing is that both the internet and your local public library also have a lot of advice on all kinds of stuff. But please also remember that authors and online people can also be idiots and write stupid stuff. So be a bit careful about who you believe :-) Checking multiple sources can often help.
&gt; has no estate besides pension and retirement but he is cashing that out early to be put into an account me and sibling have created I would warn against that. He should keep the money in these accounts. If he racks up credit card debt, after his death they can come after the money that he took from the retirement accounts; they can't come after money that is within retirement accounts. So I would keep the money in the retirement accounts for protection. Also, cashing out means paying penalties, while transferring those accounts to you two after his death has less penalties, in particular if you two keep the money in retirement accounts to jumpstart your own retirement savings. Edit, PS: sorry to hear that he's dying.
Ah, I had to borrow money from them for groceries, with my also pretty decent paycheck. So same kind of wake up call for me.
So this is more like a medical question. It may be related to many many things that could be happening in your body, innocent and less innocent. You should really go and get checked out by a doctor. Reddit is not a doctor. Google is also not a doctor. Go see a doctor.
That's a lot of work. By the way: spreadsheet programs have a XIRR formula for this.
Keep an emergency fund. You never know what happens. The debt needs to be paid off, but not by depleting your emergency fund.
Credit cards are the way to go. Highest interest rate first.
Finically? I think you're using the wrong word there.
&gt; My only concern is that we're splitting up our compound interest potential. No, you don't. I don't know why you think you do, but you don't. Your contributions that you added pre-2016 will still keep compounding. I would indeed open up a separate Roth IRA for future contributions.
Depends on the state that you live in. Your brother should go and find out; and so should, perhaps, your parents.
&gt; but for some reason I am still fucked, every single month (...) and I do go out every weekend. Oh hey, maybe you can STOP DOING THAT?!!!!
&gt; If I only stand to gain a pretty small amount like you said, then it's probably not worth the risk IMO. Thanks for the advice :) If your stocks went up by 40% in a year (which would be an awesome thing and very very rare), then if you have only 25% of your assets in stocks, your total assets would only go up by 10% because of it. More often you would see an increase in value of roughly 10%. In that case, the total amount of your assets would go up by 2.5% .
Well, good to have done a dry run, I guess, so that you can try another tactic next time :-) . Maybe make a schedule next time, or a to do-list, and perhaps again evaluate afterward what you liked and didn't like about it.
After you've fully funded your IRAs (I believe as a married couple, you can both fill up one every year), I would start doing taxable investing.
I think I will also let acquantainces assume that I'm becoming a stay-at-home partner.
Yes, I hear that from more blood donors. And then you should know that the finger prick isn't that bad, either.
Some people with type 2 diabetes manage to get their sugar levels under control so well that they can quit taking their medication. Usually it involves weight loss, building muscle mass, and also a bit of luck.
Ask them. But indeed, probably has to do with your blood type *and* the fact that they may have seen that you don't have certain infections that are common and harmless among adults, but dangerous for infants (like CMV).
True. You might be helping someone who was in a car accident which only reaches page 3 of the local news paper, or a woman who just delivered a baby but has a complication, or someone who has cancer and has low blood counts because of that. These things aren't very newsworthy, but you're giving someone a chance to live.
Biggest risk is that the tests have a window period: a period of time after someone gets infected during which the tests won't be able to see it. For HIV, the best tests still take at least a few days, sometimes weeks. Hepatitis, some patients only got a positive test a few months after infection . Thus, a bag of blood can be infected while the tests claim that everything is okay. That's why you want a blood donor with very low risk of infection within the last six months, at least.
The problem is that the tests don't show that you have an infection in the first day to weeks of the infection. The tests have a window period: a period of time after someone gets infected during which the tests won't be able to see it. For HIV, the best tests still take at least a few days, sometimes weeks. Hepatitis, some patients only got a positive test a few months after infection . Thus, a bag of blood can be infected while the tests claim that everything is okay. That's why you want a blood donor with very low risk of infection within the last six months, at least.
Well, doctors give blood to people who are at risk of death if they don't get it. If you can't get "risk-free" blood, you will take blood with a very low chance that it carries a disease. Risk of mad cow disease/Creutzfeldt Jakob disease is considered highest in the UK, lower in the rest of Europe. Blood can't be tested for it, unfortunately. So in the UK, they just have to take blood from whatever donors they have, in the rest of Europe we (hi, I'm Dutch) ban people who lived in the UK for more than 6 months total between 1980-1996 (the time when mad cows might have been butchered and eaten), and in the US they just ban anyone who lived in Europe.
Biggest risk is that the tests have a window period: a period of time after someone gets infected during which the tests won't be able to see it. For HIV, the best tests still take at least a few days, sometimes weeks. Hepatitis, some patients only got a positive test a few months after infection . Thus, a bag of blood can be infected while the tests claim that everything is okay. That's why you want a blood donor with very low risk of infection within the last six months, at least. The risk of getting an infection is unfortunately much higher for a man who has sex with another man or men. Other behaviour that also carries higher risk is also banned, I assume?
Don't come when you're under the influence and abstain for half a day after, as it may affect your well-being during that time.
Apparently the US? I guess because they're desperate for blood. Where I live it's also 8 weeks to let your body recover.
Yup. One shouldn't be high when coming in, and abstain from using for the next 12 hours or so.
Probably Creutzfeldt-Jakob.
Plasma is needed for people with major blood loss, so they will definitely use lots. (Thanks for donating). However, you can freeze plasma, so perhaps they have enough in storage. I would call, first. Maybe they have enough plasma and are so busy with blood donors now that they'd rather see you in a week or two.
You've got a higher chance of passing out than others, however nowhere near 100%. maybe you can go, if you take a friend who chats with you during the procedure (of 8-10 minutes) and if they put the chair flat so you're lying down. I guess if you're in the disaster area, don't go this week, as they may have to give you some more time and thus you would be taking up a chair for longer.
Ouch, yeah. Sorry. You could shave beforehand but I guess it would look weird for a while...
Yes, please do so :-)
It's yellow, right? If so, you're good. If it's all white, *then* you've got a lot of fat in it, and I would consult a doctor and have a test for fat and cholesterol levels.
Can you travel to a nearby town instead? Combine it with shopping, for example? (Shop before donating, I would say).
I guess so. Also in the Netherlands for example, the blood gets send where it's needed. There's also a standing agreement with blood banks all over Europe to help each other out in case of shortage.
It doesn't have to be about money or lawsuits. It just can be about trying to make the donated blood as safe as is possible for all possible recipients.
Indeed, A pos and O pos in Caucasian countries compete for who is most common. This differs in people originating from Africa and Asia, just due to evolutionary reasons other blood types are more common there.
Interesting. In the Netherlands, we have like 5 month storage of plasma-for-transfusion. So if you donate here, it gets frozen for 5 months. In the meantime we hope to see the donor again, do tests for infection again, and then if they're still healthy after 5 months, the plasma that was donated 5 months ago can be considered even a bit safer.
Yes, they share.
Would be no problem in the Netherlands, as long as you're feeling fit and healthy.
Sorry, but you were misinformed. Patients need blood. To combat blood loss or because they have cancer and their own body isn't making enough blood cells.
To help out other people?
Then you can't give blood. Maybe you can do something else to help? For example, volunteer at a local blood bank. Or take a course in first aid, so that you may be able to help others.
No, I would keep at least two months between two donations. After half a liter blood "loss", your body needs about six weeks to get your red blood cell count back to the level that is normal for you. Three weeks is very short.
It's an important rule to protect the safety of the blood supply. As a group, unfortunately STDs are way more common in men who have sex with other men than in other parts of the population. So if you have sex with someone from that population, you are at a higher risk of getting infected, too. The blood tests for HIV and hepatitis and syphilis will only start showing infection a few weeks to months after the infection has started. (This is called the window period of the test). But in the meantime, someone is already infectuous. So if someone has been infected say three weeks ago (with hepatitis or HIV or syphilis) and comes to donate blood, the tests will still say that the blood is fine, and the blood will be used, but there's a high risk that the patient will get infected. So you want people to abstain from any risky behaviour in the months before donation. This includes men having sex with men, but also getting a tattoo, a piercing, having sex with a prostitute ... It's just understanding where the real risks are and trying to avoid them.
It may take a day to process the blood and to run the tests. Still, you're helping people. Tblood storage is probably empty now after trying to help all the victims, so if you help fill that back up, the next person with blood loss or cancer still can get some blood, too.
