The Chronicles of Sharkhead McGee?
*insert that one Power Puff Girl meme about being the most evil thing I can think of*
Tis a shame once you lost HCIM status you have to burn the shirt.
I thought that was the point to leaving it in? Personally used it for hide n seek events and treasure box hiding events.
Seems like she can cut Cruor and Fumus out of the equation entirely at that point.
I've always said there needs to be, at the least, one specially designated Jagex mod to play through every single quest and jot down inconsistencies, typos, redundancies and the like.
People value afk over exp rates most the time. Of course doing it the abyss way forgoes any potential loot and other such benefits of regular training. I personally prefer Slayer or bossing.
More slots for this and the presets in wardrobe would be great. I've taken to saving my color codes on a Microsoft Excel document.
This is how bots used to do Barrows back when they farmed it by the dozen. You can run along the wall near Araxxor straight to the Barrows.
This used to be the path bots took when they farmed Barrows to the ground. It was a... strange way to go about it and I'm not quite sure exactly why they didn't put invisible barriers or at the least make the area look remotely traversable.
There's also Heist for Thief and Hunter exp, since you'll only want to do the first 3 or 4 trade offers before the prices get extremely high. Additionally, Stealing Creations might be a decent third option.
More to the point, since Cave Goblin is going to be a subcategory for Inventor will that mean all Cave Goblins will be brought to a similar model type? So long as they all match I'm fine with the rework.
You never forget your first.
Jimmy and Billy Lee support your Double Dragons.
The Internet, where dicks be dicks and other dicks think it's funny when it really isn't.
&gt;.&gt; I've done over 10 on mine with only a single whip &gt;.&gt;
Good point, I expect EVERY White Knight in the entire city to have a party hat now.
There are other options, just not nearly as convenient.
I made a post about this about a week ago because people in my clan kept doing it; the replies were not very positive nor helpful.
Added, I'll list your stuff once I check it.
You are ground type with Sandshrew and Marowaks. I don't know the third because of how that works.
Iiiii need your Snubs if you would be so kind.
I don't have the garden you're looking for but I'll check yours for you and relay the details.
He has two antlers, duh. All joking aside, just one of those odd glitches.
The search is over, you win absolute best safari owner of all time.
China is known to have a relatively high number of bot accounts, stolen or otherwise, so presumably there is some sort of flagging system that picked up your case on accident. Contact the Jagex support to sort if out.
Yes, yes it is. No actual money was taken out from that.
Ayyye added.
Buckle up because here's a story; some pre-face, this takes place in 2007-2008 and I was, at the time, no older than 13. Ever since I started the game in 2006 I've had Questing, and subsequently lore, as my primary reason to play the game; this being the case, my stats and thus money making methods until I achieved my goal of all quests completed were very lacking. Come the latter half of 2007 it was announced that Summoning was coming to the game, a skill I was very excited for based on core concepts and of course a skill cape with a wolf icon was a good goal for me at the time. As I mentioned, my money making methods were severely under-par as I did not boss or skill efficiently and my primary source was clue rewards; that is, until I discovered a new money making method in the wake of trade limits and the Karamja task sets. My new method of making money involved my close knit group of 5 friends and myself hacking away at the brush on Karamja looking for Gout Tubers, an item needed for the task sets yet uncommonly brought into the game. Each Gout Tuber was worth, at the time, between 500k-1m coins and with proper timing one plant could be harvested by every person present! We made a good chunk of change in the month we did this method, and subsequently I gathered literally thousands of mosquito proboscis as a byproduct of our hacking away. By the end of December 2007 I had amassed well over 35k of these useless noses with the assumption they were just a pointless byproduct of our gathering; I eventually dropped them sometime before Summoning came out in January 2008. Going by the prices of just today 35k proboscis is 227m, back then they worth well over 525m not to mention the GP value was higher back then. TL;DR: Amassed 35k "useless" proboscis, dropped them on a whim assuming they'd always be useless, lost out on 525m gp in 2008.
I sure as sugar wouldn't have taken until 2011 to max most skills lol. Ah well, it's funny looking back but had 13-14 year old me fully appreciated that loss I'd have been mad.
You're an adventurer with a habit of stumbling into various shenanigans during your adventure. You train your various skills to achieve various goals and to better suit the adventuring lifestyle. It is possible to take on dangerous creatures in hopes of riches, among other methods to attain wealth. At the core though, it's a quirky game with several interesting and fun quests that lay out the backstory with a load of PvM and non-combat options available to try.
Neat
My goals have been, as they were met: *Quest Cape *All skills level 80 (for SC) *All skills 90 *All Tasks *Max cape *Comp cape *MQC I'd wrap all of these together as the MQC goal was not so much a grind but a summation of my existence in RuneScape; which I suppose boils down to one huge grind with quests in between for me. It has been, regardless of it's actual existence, the over arching goal I worked towards ever since I started playing nearly 11 years ago. The fact they finally made a visual representation of my efforts elated me to my core.
Unofficial #IronLuck
The maze part of SE is longer than the entirety of CoM.
Let us be real here. PvP has been on its deathbed since at least 2010. It's time to let it go.
Remove c wars req then they can add stats.
Looks like Fallen Nihil
Having a program play the game for you.
You'll need to wait for Christmas.
Yep, Nex's voice.
Counter point, you can unlock the Conquest rep and go below it with no problems.
The additional abs are only possible through intense training and also biology breaking.
They're super common and don't degrade to dust so they have a surplus. The real question is why they broadcast.
That was implied with the use of Edate.
Peacocking can't hold a candle to actual style.
The basic set up is the Summer Fun top (though the Beachwear top can be used as well, it's the same top but closed at the bottom), Gothic Legs, and Gothic Shoes.
Gotta love to hate a smug face
GWD1 items, for the most part, are actually above 500k each and disassemble into special parts. These do not.
Only the nostalgia blind remember the outfits of yesteryear as good. They were bad.
* For reference I don't actually edate, it's just poking fun at the trend.
Not going to lie, I'd prefer it not be there. I doubt most RS players have anything more than a 6 pack... of sodas.
To each their own I suppose.
That's typically the only way edates manage to work, but good to know your personal happiness can be affected by aesthetics!
I wish those and halo worked together...
I'd kill for a tiny crown that floats above our heads.
This is strangely satisfying to see, good job.
Oddly low amount of Z bows compared to G and S.
It is organized extremely well so that may be it.
I like where this trend is going and expect to see followups!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_jYWMUMSxE
Been making this joke all week in TS lol
Is nobody going to point out BlackWeeWee?
A buddy and I spent 10 (really 11 if you consider the 10 minute breaks every few hours) streaming non-stop Graador for no particular reason once. Was neat but we only got helmets and gloves the entire time.
Have it on my desk by Wednesday!
I just want the Guam, Marrentil, Harralander, etc. noted herbs to stop cluttering inventory when legend pet is set to pick up noted items.
I'll pull the ironman card for some of these herbs, but Ice Wyrms are a prime culprit on the higher end of things.
A good first cape; despite being comped myself I know from experience with friends who aren't as time devoted to this game how important achievements are regardless of how the current elitist mindset is. Don't let hecklers get to you.
Also just in time for Valentines day!
Didn't they disable walk and rest animations in PvP areas?
Conga walk hid items for some reason, it's probably for the best to do this with a clean sweep of all PvP activities.
It was doing it when actually equipped; they might have fixed it but this change ensures similar problems won't happen.
If its scale armour was colored with the defense cape colors it'd be a bit more RuneScapey
I'm thinking Godbirds for the color matching the theme, Runescape tends to go with the color themes.
Probably in a much darker place. The people I've met on here helped keep me sane through my early adolescence and I'm thankful for that.
Full FpF Outfit then talk to the FpF owner.
Supposedly planned for this year.
I could have swore it was on a master list somewhere but I am having trouble finding it; I'll keep looking.
Gotta find the strongest samples first!
https://www.reddit.com/r/runescape/comments/4lhh5q/tldw_187_runescape_in_2017/ This was all I could find on the topic, under Reworks it has Character Models as a topic; I'll look further because I know there was a small mention of it alongside something within the last year... I think 2nd expansion was the topic.
Afk killed a bat.
Region and Type dex sorting would be nice.
The irony since Instinct is the underdog
Goodness gracious look at the time!
I want this on my desk by April 1st
To this day I still don't understand why they didn't make all existing boots the lower value ones and make people pay for the new ones.
Literally just checked this myself. They won't be giving an exact end until closer to time. Usually the end of Jan.
The poison should be removed but the wiz given a bit more damage potential. Also combat triangle is why scythe failed.
It's easier to rally around hate than love. A fact sadly proven across the Internet. It'd be highly hypocritical if unwarranted hate managed to pop up for long without being made an example of, considering the show's core themes.
It's the type of lack-of-foresight that continues to be their folly to this day.
It's a close second but let's not forget the Pillar meme that SitW kept going for quite some time. BotD was also a comparable failure to the rest of its series, so yes it too needs a redo.
http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/Gazer Very very common and old school monster type.
I have a snazzy Zoro from One Piece. When I get home I'll look for the picture
Snake logic; the babies are more deadly.
Would it make more sense and be more practical for all the abilities to come from Shattered Worlds? For a uniform unlock method; it just seems locking Ranged's equivalence behind Solak as to Magic and Melee coming from SW is a bit unbalanced.
http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/RuneScape_Wiki This right here, this is your best friend.
That would be nice; not really sure why they can't be equipped.
https://puu.sh/z3sfG/05d71c45ab.png I remembered this, a bit late but ye. https://puu.sh/z3sh0/e1e76afffd.png
What is this, a Bojack reference!?
Isn't that one on a timer? Are you thinking the MEP2 ones?
Wouldn't hunting Silverhawks make more sense?
A dwarven task set for a quiver-like bolt pouch would be fantastic.
If I had to wager, it's the teaser for replaying that.
Gimme a moment to pop on my iron, he has one; Filtiarn. I think his house is in Priff, do I need to move it?
On
59
All loot boxes are boxes of loot but not all boxes with loot are loot boxes.
I thought the legio souls weren't type specific so you can just murder the base swarm enemy.
This is what you get for growing organic. Pesticides would have cleared this problem up before it even started.
It's preferred to get it as close as possible but you don't really have to; it just transfers the extra to the 3rd phase.
The real question is why they haven't just moved them to the hair interface and be done with it.
I've had one that was literally two slides from done upon being handed it; not sure if they ever fixed that algorithm but it was neat.
It's best in slot whereas the others are not. Simple as that.
Marginally different circumstances.
They have in the past brought old TH stuff back, but it's not common. http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Ancient_relic_(Smashing_Relics) Usually with this type of promo
Openly revolting peasants.
They did kind of Shonen anime cop out didn't they.
WTG Voidsealer Kags
Pm Wolfgod, I'll meet you in a moment
Higher odds with higher invention iirc
It took them something of 10 years to get us Priff. We can only hope by 2020
I got mine on my 12th kill, 97% enrage.
Break it down into bites. It's a long road.
I would be fine with Tuz having a threshold of 100 or 200 honestly.
Can't go wrong learning money spider.
As others have said, that is merely for Runescore.
There's concrete evidence that they said the 2nd chance Tuesday was only going away until the end of 2017; you're complaining about a problem that doesn't exist, them going back on a word. They, as of now, haven't returned to the same level of promo saturation as mid 2017 but by all means feel free to come back and petition if they do.
It'll be entirely themed of turning everything the player touches into bile. Because that's what caused the poison waste you see. It'll give 4k poison ticks to everything in a set area.
This is actually a pretty wholesome use of Reddit; I wish you luck, on finding your duck.
I thought that was just all the div alts?
I'd say most areas would be typical woodland/nature smell. The swamps obviously more of a rot/mildew smell going on. The Wilderness would be very ashen smelling. The desert would be interesting as it'll smell like a million burning monkeys as per the lore.
A good signal boost.
Means upvoted to boost visibility of the message. Also neat, yesterday was my Reddit birthday I guess.
You signed in wrong somehow because they don't wipe accounts this way.
5 caps and use aggro pots. You'll be sitting pretty.
!goodbot
Now we just need t92 shields... with 75% damage absorption... and also 2h variety that has 90% damage absorption.
Could be useful for Shat Worlds pushing.
Imagine how Shauny feels, since he's been gone a week. A week's worth of PR to answer!
*remembers 200 city quests is on that list*
Hey that's not true; I was pked a few times by some absolute pros when going for cHaOs title, took a lot of real skill to manage to kill a guy with 50 lp in full DH and Legacy mode! (The real skill was managing to catch me not paying attention or at 31+ for the dragon, gotta be faster than my teleports mwuahahaha)
Kind of miss the dragon t shirt ngl
It's sort of the gaming equivalent to rich people getting slaps on the wrist whereas a lesser person doing the same crime would get far worse. If they perma-ban everyone involved they lose a sizeable portion of the game's deepest cash cows; despite zero tolerance for knowingly bug abusing being a thing they've previously done.
Sunspear has flexibility as a drawing point; otherwise I suppose the offhand to whatever pair of dual-wielding you're using.
Get defense to 70 and you can use Bandos/Armadyl/Subjugation for melee/range/mage respectively, until then the dagannoth armours rockshell/spined/skeletal are the easiest to access power armour; melee weapon wise you could go for any of the melee barrows weapons until 75, at which point try to get a saradomin sword and 70 agility to swap it to the passive version; range wise, I believe you can make use of the increasing bow tiers until 60 then switch to a red salamander until you hit 70, aim for crystal bow access, Karil's crossbows, or black salamander at 70; for magic, I believe you can use an Elemental Battlestaff (the Master clue one) until 40, then you can use a mystic air battlestaff until 60 where you get the Toktz-mej-tal, optional use of mystic wand and orb at 50-60, Ahrims at 70. Training is less boring if you use Slayer, due to variety.
Can failing the limbs breaking in p1 spawn a scaled to how close you failed amount of blight reavers in duos? Having to redo the phase is in of itself a punishment for failure but 5 blight reavers at full health is basically an instant death.
In due time I'm sure a 100 in all skills, 110 in all skills, and 120 in all skills milestone cape will exist.
Saying it's a time gated, relatively tedious for what you get task... oh wait, that's perfect for Trim needs.
Presumably only to fit the Arc theme and not much more.
Yes
I honestly can't tell the two of them apart half the time because I don't go by looks or mechanics, I go by amount of pain in my ass, which makes them both identical.
100% they're obtainable, they're just rare.
The implication being the entire fight is barred from their use.
The ciiirrccccleeee offfff liiiifffeeeeee
I think it's unlocked at 86 Invention.
But I use that to power my invention guild machines.
It could have been worse with the original name Kalos. Both phonetically rhyming and also Pokemon region.
Ironically it's really out of character since most the shows overarcing plot threads are the result of him not asking questions or follow ups.
Steven would either fuse with Pearl after some sort of ex machina or Steven and Connie would have fused and just done the same caliber of fight as when Amethyst was poofed.
Save.
Every game is always a grind for everything. Just in RS it's focused on more content than "grind x raid for gear/items to grind next raid". I personally rose skill levels to do all quests, then to do all tasks, etc. until I reached the point where I'm two tasks (and Solak now) shy of Trim and have a side time filler of pet and title hunting. It's all in what you find you enjoy grinding and what you choose as your goals; that's what makes RS different from other MMOs, there's really no wrong way to play and there's something for every kind of player from casual to hardcore.
Well yea, KK is 50% sharks 49% seeds and the remaining 1% is mostly junk
... This explains why Pearl hates eating.
I forgot this was the scene this drawing I did was based on https://puu.sh/Az5KD/a345c893e9.jpg
Popular theory is it's like Lil Tuz. A pet unlock.
God stole and book of either arma or bandos whichever 1 of each though, zam god arrow, ring of devotion. Easiest set up to be aggro immune there at your level.
Competition for mobs is meant to exist and if you cannot exceed the top position in that competition nor find your own territory that's just how it is meant to be in an MMO. It's not the most ideal for the lower rung but it's how it's meant to be.
I was one crashed at slayer tower gargoyles by someone who didn't even have the smash perk unlocked while I was on my HCIM once just because they could; so I think it's just being a jerk to ironmen that's cool.
It's a moderately common occurrence; abyssal demons tend to give it frequently despite dropping diamonds as a standard drop rending it less impressive than usual.
Could a taunting/carroming switch be useful for p4 shadows? Just a thought.
Things above 80ish Slayer tend to have RDT chance out the wazoo so you'll see it a lot if you go on that 120 Slayer binge.
Been there many times lol. The kill for the 5th guy when I was going for the no-moving achievement dropped a signet as I died from a mistimed devo to barricade switch up at the end... which also didn't check him off the list so I had to do that fight again XD
Well yea
Already fixed
Non canon aside this only rules out being hetero; there's a lot she could be, just not straight.
If they died to PvP then they should obviously know their items are forfeit to the victor.
Email log in is a newer thing, old accounts still use old name; email is to make an entirely new acc on that email.
It should be accounts after a specific cut off point. It doesn't make sense in a before context because that's not how RS accounts were originally made, you had to link an email later.
Rumble Fighter used to censor the word Class, despite having a class system.
I chalk the redundant repeats as it being a show for children, so writers assume they're all braindead.
I don't remember that; refresh me. Edit- Oh wait, duh the Mask Island. It becoming watermelon home island completely overrode that entire memory for a moment.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that noticed that with Spongebob. Tom and Jerry had a similar dynamic where Jerry often just went out of his way to be a jerk and rarely got karmic retribution for it.
It's only a problem due to bomb format making any filler bad filler since it's without exaggeration months between these 5 episode chunks.
The shows pacing is too grueling because it's plot filler filler plot plot SIX MONTHS OF NOTHINGNESS
Out of all these this is the one I'm going to have to disagree with the most. The type of scheduling that gives us a few episodes then goes on months of hiatus is not a good model. Shows that don't actively need to adapt to week to week changes, let's use South Park as an example, can get by with not making entire seasons in advanced for reasons essentially stemming from animation quality cuts and story flexibility (South Park having vaguely constrained "arcs" and more or less social commentary otherwise.) With shows focused more on emotion depth, story arcs, and character development, let's use Bojack Horseman as the example here, entire seasons need to be made and put out in a set order with little room for significant rewrites or edits once the product is made and put out for view. But that's just my two cents; if I had my way shows would release entire seasons for view at once so I can binge the information at once, though I can see where that has its own can of worms for writing.
Hey she hasn't hated the Earth in several of her last few episodes; she just fears the Diamonds more.
Wiki says to search the stalagmites, though if that doesn't work you might try the gem puzzle again.
Shh, if they know another content from Dom Tower is being used it'll be nerfed like Dreadnips.
Save this one until you unlock lvl 10 then dismantle/siphon as normal.
And you're 100% sure it's not on your bookshelf in house?
It's Book of Binding on shelf.
Onion, got it.
I accidentally did this to a clanmate when I got 200m HP 2 seconds after they had hit 99.
I laughed but, you're not wrong.
The real question is where all the variants of Ruby or Sapphire outside the "pure" red and blue shades are on the whole "off-color" scale. How not-red/blue must one be to be considered not right?
Assume it was positioned like an umbilical cord... but also egg-like in that the part that would be Steven just sort of, stuck to the inside of Rose at that exact point of contact as it formed around the gem. Try not to imagine that too hard.
*sigh* I want Noodle's VA to VA Rainbow Quartz v2.
... The two Sardonyx's would make the ultimate Boke and Tsukkomi Routine.
The real humor here comes from the fact she must have assumed the other Diamonds would either set free or take care of her animals for her once she was gone; it's totally in Pink's character to not think that through AND to totally abandon her pets to someone else.
"Who cried a fountain and healed the whole world."
