"Ooh, a funnel. That'll be good for funnelling."
&gt; This is the first I've heard of a mandatory hold at altitude. No one said anything about a mandatory hold. Just that it is mandatory to *have the capability* to hold at 14k, just in case the situation calls for it. Which may or may not be the case (I don't know), but the point is that the individual in question wasn't saying a hold is mandatory at 14k--only that the capability to do so is.
&gt; That means they do care, at least just a little. No, that's not what "could care less" means. Language isn't a math problem. Idioms have meanings independent of the sum of their parts. I mean, given that they've gone to the trouble of clarifying what they mean by "educational" I think they in fact *do* care, and I have no interest in going against that. But in terms of your understanding of the meaning of the idiomatic phrase "could care less," you're wrong.
If you're using Simbrief, your only option is Navigraph.
FREENEY!
&gt; No one has played on that field in over a month. Carolina hosted the Washington Racistnames on Nov. 22.
Marquette King would like a word with you.
But how can he be bad? They made a movie about him and everything!
One person keeps his thumb on a certain part of a certain link that they select on the sidelines because it's right on one of the marked lines. They set that point on that link over the proper line, and go from there.
So he's not the linebackers coach, he's the *outer* linebackers coach. Didn't realize coaching staffs got this specialized. I'm waiting for some team to hire a blocking TE coach and a receiving TE coach.
How in the fuck is "He's pretty good but I think we're better" trash talk?
"the 5" I moved to Southern California from Indiana four years ago, and calling it "the" still jars me. But I've also unconsciously started doing it myself, at least for highways in Southern California. Anywhere else, it's still "I-" this or "US" that or "State Road" whatever.
Did you read the post?
&gt; Pats have won the majority of the time they've faced each other in the playoffs. Blatantly not true.
Except it's not.
So what you're saying is, you're not paying attention?
Yes, and?
Reality begs to differ.
How can it be a hit to the helmet if there wasn't a hit to the helmet? It was to the shoulder.
Why would it be? It was shoulder-to-shoulder.
Going out of bounds is one thing; not returning immediately is another. The latter is what got the 15-yarder.
The intent behind the rule is that the specific behavior they're trying to prevent *is* poor sportsmanship, at least in my opinion. The problem, of course, which you seem to be alluding to is that that isn't always the intent of someone who does that, and gauging that can be difficult at best.
s/quarter/possession/
But taxes are slavery!
Exactly!
&gt; The problem here is drivers being inattentive or careless. So you're saying that's responsible for literally 100% of cases of someone backing over children?
Is the MLB.TV stream shitty for anyone else this afternoon?
THE HOMER STREAK LIVES!
&gt; long Yes. &gt; well-reasoned Not really. You don't fight oppression with instruments of violence. All that does is embrace the terms of the oppressors, where they automatically have the upper hand. And violence is not "self-defense." There is no such thing as "defensive" use of a gun unless you're literally just using your bullets to knock the other guy's bullets out of the air. Anything else is just responding to assault with more assault, which only perpetuates the cycle of violence. It's morally indefensible.
For the same reason that it's a free society when you're not allowed to kidnap or assault people--because doing so is an infringement upon the liberties of others, just like gun possession is.
No, it doesn't. A same-sex couple is not in any meaningful sense free to express their affection for one another when they have to worry about whether the jackass across the street who is clearly incensed by their very existence is packing heat and inclined to use it. Whether said jackass actually has any intent is irrelevant; the couple has no way of knowing that, and that imposes a restriction on their meaningful freedom to act.
So you're not part of the reality-based community?
&gt; Who says 401 people represent a state. So you don't know how statistical sampling works? Because it works damn good.
&gt; Low income workers don't always have the liquidity to deal with emergencies. The solution to that is to respect basic human rights by making access to an equal share of social wealth an unconditional guarantee, not yet more predatory capitalism.
&gt; reasonable and rational &gt; John Kasich lol. Nothing "reasonable and rational" about union-busting and increasing the already-oppressive grip of authoritarian capitalism over our lives.
How is backing up your claim that Democrats are anti-gun irrelevant to a discussion about whether or not Democrats are anti-gun?
You're right, in principle. Hillary Clinton should be moving left; we shouldn't have to swallow our pride and vote for her if she doesn't budge an inch. But we have an opportunity to vote for her and prevent the worst from happening. So if she doesn't come around and we refuse to vote for her, and consequently Trump wins--the fact that we shouldn't have had to swallow our pride doesn't absolve us of moral responsibility for the outcome if we had the opportunity to prevent it and refused to do so. Fuck that shit. My pride is not more important than the lives of millions of people, and neither is yours.
Muhammad Ali did not kill. That alone makes him better than those who did.
Yes, and? I mean, I get wanting to change it, and I get wanting to take care of it sooner rather than later while one's still thinking about it, but why would it matter materially if it went through before the general or not? As long as it's done before the next primary, that's the important thing.
There's a Seinfeld joke to be made here...
&gt; REPORTING AP RESULTS ON MONDAY THAT SUPPOSEDLY NOBODY KNEW ABOUT. The AP count's been going on for months. It's well-known. All that wasn't known was the exact date on which the presumptive winner would be named. Notice that the image doesn't say "AP delegate count, DD/MM/YY" or anything like that. The date in the filename suggests it was created Saturday, but it could just have easily been created in February for release whenever the delegate count put Hillary Clinton in an insurmountable lead, and if that never happened then it just wouldn't be released.
Is Congress going to go apeshit over this?
&gt; irresponsible gun activity Redundant. All gun activity is irresponsible.
Christ has taught me to love him, so that he may see the error of his ways, repent, and become a force for social justice. All are redeemable, no matter what they've done. Killing is not an act of love.
Have you heard his accelerationist rhetoric? Pure privilege blindness.
That what's absolutely ludicrous about it. Anyone who would seriously consider that sort of jump is either a fucking idiot or doesn't actually care about Bernie Sanders's policy positions. I do care about Bernie Sanders's policy positions, and support them, and that's why I'm backing Hillary Clinton--because Hillary Clinton will actually be able to get some of them done. This election isn't about me and what I feel "comfortable" with. It's about the outcomes it's going to have on real, living, breathing human beings. Fuck narcissism...
You don't know what you're talking about. The term "libertarian" was coined by Joseph de Jacque explicitly to refer to anti-capitalist movements.
&gt; Bernie Sanders is talking about something bigger. He's also not going to win in November. He's not even going to be in the ballot in November. Frankly, even though I agree with him more than I do with Clinton, I don't even want him to be President anymore because over the last month and a half he has shown that he has the temperament to get precisely zero things he supports done. Clinton will at least be able to get some of the things that she and Sanders both support done, which is more than zero. That's why I voted for her Tuesday, even though I would have felt better voting for Sanders. Because my vote doesn't belong to me. It's a public trust, to be used for the good of all of us. And given that I'm fairly certain Clinton would be able to make more progress on a positive progressive agenda than Sanders would, that means it's my duty to the public to vote for her, however much I might dislike it.
Go ahead, I downvote for disagreement all the time.
&gt; lightly regulated free markets &gt; personal liberty Make up your mind--"free markets" or personal liberty? Because they're mutually-exclusive.
&gt; A system by which one can go about owning private property In other words, an oppressive, authoritarian system. Private property is a coercive institution that is incompatible with individual liberty.
I've never been in such a situation. And maybe you're right--maybe I would have a less than compassionate response. I'm a human, after all; moments of extreme stress and trauma aren't necessarily my best moments. But if I did respond in a less than compassionate manner, I would be in the wrong.
The irony is that the real progressives are the ones who will, in the end, close their eyes, hold their nose, and vote for Clinton--because they're the ones who actually care about making progress towards a progressive agenda, and voting for Clinton will end up being the only way to make that happen at all. The ones who will throw a petulant fit never actually cared about creating positive outcomes for people. They're not actually progressives--they're just narcissists who want to make everything about them, and "progressivism" wasn't a cause they actually cared about for its own right but a fashion accessory, to be thrown aside when actually working towards it gets in the way of making everything about them.
Just because you don't know what you're talking about doesn't make everything you've decided isn't as it should be a conspiracy.
Seems like issues of political philosophy come ip here more than poli sci shit, though.
&gt; because it assumed everything she says is the truth Why is that a problematic assumption, any more than any other politician? &gt; disregards her flip-flops in the past You mean how she changed her mind, which is something thinking people do on a regular basis? At any rate, it'd be easier to take that objection seriously if people started condemning Tulsi Gabbard for the exact same thing. But of course they won't--she's a hero because she's on "our" side. At this point it's just fucking reactionary tribalism. &gt; Also, I feel like you're assuming Clinton would be able to get more done than Bernie. I'm assuming nothing. She has a track record of getting shit through. Sanders doesn't.
&gt; It's another step towards amnesty Good, that's what we need. &gt; Which for many like my father's family who had to wait 10+ years for a visa is a slap in the face. "I had to suffer, so everyone else should have to suffer too!" Why is the response never "I had to suffer, so I know how shitty it is so I want to make sure no one else ever has to go through what I had to go through"?
"My man, he's hot and steamy."
AN INCREDIBLE BATTLE FOR 16TH PLACE, GUYS!
Stop talking about these drivers' packages...
SECOND POST!
Get a Laserdisc Einstein
How is this different conceptually from dial-up Internet?
&gt; Homophobia is an inherent part of the muslim religion So you don't know how religion works?
Under capitalism, they're the same.
Just ban all firearms. They're instruments of oppression that have no place in a free society.
I was at the old Riverside track the other day. The JC Penney store there is the only store in the Inland Empire I know of that carries my preferred New Balance style, it seems.
We don't need to repeal it. We can just ignore it. It's a piece of paper. It only has power because we choose to let it; so let's stop letting it have power. There is absolutely no reason why those of us in the present should be bound by the tyranny of the past.
&gt; Except she's not a progressive. She's the status quo candidate. Thus why I said "at least halt movement away from it." Because in the real world, we're stuck with the options actually in front of us. If one option is movement away from a progressive agenda, and the other option is holding the line, holding the line might not be ideal but it's clearly better than the other actually-available option. In the real world, sometimes that's the best you can do, and I think this election might be one of those times. You do the best you can and regroup for another push next time around. &gt; Refusing to vote for the status quo candidate means your not a progressive? Refusing to stop backsliding on a progressive agenda absolutely does mean you're not a progressive. &gt; Are you seriously claiming to know whether or not people you've never met care about progressive ideas based on not wanting to vote for someone who represents the status quo? I'm claiming to know based on whether or not they're interested in actually doing what they can to at least preserve what we've got in an environment where that's the only actually-available alternative to throwing everything away altogether. &gt; Not wanting to vote for a candidate you disagree with on so many important issues is pretty reasonable. Not when the only other actually-possible alternative is a million times worse.
That's because they're narcissists, not progressives.
So...what you're saying is, you're fine with condemning hundreds of millions of people to four years of misery and shit just because you want to send a message?
&gt; First, spouses cooperating to conspire and/or commit crimes are generally (depends on jurisdiction) prohibited from invoking spousal privilege. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75iv3RKQUAM
Oh, I know. Point is, the "natural rights" nonsense can be used to support any outcome you want (and I happen to want a complete ban on firearms), not just the ones that the right-wingers who scream it most loudly want.
God, I love the Saturday home uniforms.
To be fair to the BBWAA, though, fuck the DH.
But I heard that too much of nothing can make a man feel ill at ease--one man's temper might rise, while another man's temper might freeze!
Except right-"libertarians" are also authoritarian fascists. Have you read Ayn Rand?
What time of year do you go? There are all sorts of other events that go on there that you might be interested in too.
It really is, given the damage Trump can wreak. Preventing a disaster is a damn good reason to elect a less-than-ideal candidate when that's the only viable, real-world-possible alternative to disaster. It's like that guy who cut his arm off after it was trapped under a rock out in the middle of nowhere. Sure, he would have preferred to have gotten out of that situation while keeping his arm, but after a bit it became clear that that wasn't an actually possible option.
Believe it or not, colleges emphasize thinking about things, and once inculcated it's a habit that sticks with you.
What are you talking about? Wide receiver Steve Smith won Super Bowl XLII as a member of the New York Giants!
At my last industrial job, we were fine with it taking longer. We got paid by the hour, after all, and not nearly enough to make us willing to risk life or limb.
To be fair to actual Christians, "conservative Christian" is a contradiction in terms. There's nothing "conservative" about "the last shall be first" and "the meek shall inherit the Earth." Christ was all about equality and overturning hierarchies; these people are doing Satan's work by opposing Christ's message.
So, a shit guest?
God, I love United's grey paint scheme. Why can't Congress pass a law that gives me absolute authority over how airlines paint their planes? We'd stick with United grey, Southwest's canyon blue, American would go back to the bare metal, Delta can keep what they've got but 30% of their fleet has to be in the Northwest bowling shoe livery.
Whose position on same-sex marriage "evolved" in the exact same way they attack Clinton for.
That was with her father. She talks more about it [here](http://michiganradio.org/post/congresswoman-dingell-writes-letter-asking-snyder-veto-gun-changes#stream/0)
No one's rights are heing taken away, though. Guns aren't a right, because there's no such thing as the right to oppress others. Pro-gun = anti-freedom
&gt; Debrecen to Swansea Never played ETS, but is the English Channel just not a thing?
Quite frankly, the Second Amendment is wrong, and so we need not concern ourselves with it. In effect, it doesn't count, precisely because all it does is purport to create a "right" to oppress others. It's just a piece of paper. We're free to ignore it if it tends towards greater oppression. Pro-gun = anti-freedom
&gt; It wasn't a chicken. It was a baby. Fuck, and I had just gotten over my M*A*S*H addiction. Now it's going to start all over again.
Best lettuce in baseball!
To be fair, though, capitalism *is* pretty shitty amd we *can* do better. It's just that it's not going to happen overnight, and in the meantime we have anobligation to minimize the mass suffering capitalism produces to the extent that we can. Fuck accelerationism.
&gt; throwing shade The fuck does that even mean? I'm in my early 30s, yes, but i've spent the last decade and a half in a university setting, so I shouldn't be *that* detached from the hip lingo these days. But apparently I am.
Teach college; can confirm.
&gt; call for dismantling the military I do. I'm a Christian, after all. &gt; suspension a constitutionally-guaranteed right without due process, which is an EXTREMELY dangerous precedent Not really. We have brains; we're capable of distinguishing between tools of oppression and protections against oppression. They're very different; it's not hard to tell one from the other.
Neither of which have any basis for going anywhere.
&gt; This country wouldn't exist if it wasn't for armed resistance against the British Monarchy. It also wouldn't exist if it weren't for slavery. Should we bring back slavery? (actually we still have another form of slavery--capitalist employment--but that's not what I'm referring to here, because unfortunately that shit's still widely acceptable so it has little rhetorical value in this case) &gt; They can be tools of oppression if used by evil men or tools of freedom if used by good men. No matter who uses them, their mere presence is oppressive. If a same-sex couple sees some joker packing heat as they're going down the street, they have no way to know if that joker is going to be inclined to shoot them for expressing their affection in public, and so regardless of said joker's intentions the mere presence of the gun creates a chilling effect on the expression of difference. &gt; I guess you missed the part of the second amendment where it says "the right to bear arms shall not be infringed" It's not that I missed it; it's that, like I said, it's not important. After all, the Constitution doesn't grant rights--it only enjoins Congress from infringing on natural rights that exist regardless. However, there is actually no natural right to keep and bear arms (the framers were mistaken on that point), so Congress can do whatever it wants without infringing on "the right to keep and bear arms" since it's impossible to infringe on something that doesn't exist. &gt; I think President JFK would've disagreed with you, he was a life member of the NRA. Who gives a shit? Pretty sure JFK's not God, so I'm not obligated to accept something just because he said so.
&gt; taking in hordes of refugees without due process is stupid as fuck Wasn't aware that human decency was "stupid as fuck," thanks for keeping me updated.
Fuck I've been meaning to go to a Storm game since I moved to the IE...
[Official Brexit theme song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ysgG3zNUOg)
Well, apparently everyone who voted "remain" is a non-real person, so there you have it.
Why?
And you're not so big
And now we're back to "if it's not as bad as it could possibly be, it's not a problem at all"...
The reason I prefer FIFA Manager even though everyone tells me to get Football Manager is because in FIFA Manager you can do all the GM stuff.
Clenchenthal
does that mean infinity ERA?
&gt; It's a frustratingly common thing to construct arguments around word etymologies when they don't really apply. DAE EASTER IS A PAGAN FESTIVAL? Пасха, motherfuckers.
Not really. Every vote for not Clinton is functionally indistinguishable from support for Trump, because it reduces the number of votes Trump needs to win and so helps him.
&gt; There is a preponderance of EVIDENCE to suggest foul play. There really isn't, but keep on making shit up if it makes you feel better about yourself.
So what you're saying is, you're taken in by hyperbole and you don't actually understand what you're talking about?
Because the guy over the ball was a last-minute injury replacement who never got the message that he wasn't supposed to ever actually snap it. It was a major cluster-fuck all around.
Those particular cars are, perhaps. What about the cars that *aren't* in the frame?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YEvPRbVK-I
"The non-Nazi doesn't make me absolutely ecstatic with delight, so I'm going to reduce the number of votes the Nazi needs to win by one."
If you're willing to let tens of millions of people get shit on because someone's tone on the Internet wasn't perfectly to your liking, well, you're not exactly doing anything to make my point any less accurate.
&gt; My life will not change with the election of either one of these candidates. So you're just another privilege-blind narcissistic "fuck you got mine" right-winger. Got it.
"fuck you got mine fuck you got mine fuck you got mine fuck you got mine" These right-wing reactionary faux-"progressives" are virtually indistinguishable from ancaps (who, I should note, are of course not actually anarchists at all but authoritarians).
You're entirely to blame for whether or not you allow your hurt feelings to make you complicit in putting a Nazi in the White House.
Just curious, but why is it like that? Is it to allow readers to more easily make marginal annotations?
&gt; I'm getting tired of being labeled a racist because I think we should have some controls over immigration. You're being called a racist because immigration controls are inherently racist. God created all the world for all humanity; we have no right to restrict people's movement about it just because they came from the wrong side of an arbitrary and morally irrelevant line on a map.
Economics is not normative. It's only "shitty economics" if you're expecting different outcomes than what it will actually produce.
So you're just persisting in your dual inability to read and make crucial distinctions between what is and is not arbitrary?
Please don't mock actual triggers. Trauma isn't a joke.
Why can't we do both?
By K you mean Knight, right? :)
So you don't know what you're talking about?
&gt; arbitrary You're welcome to try again once you've learned what that word means and can apply it properly.
Tax the rich more. They're a bunch of parasites anyway.
So you're just making shit up?
Wow, that's...kinda shitty.
Because the Confederate flag represents hate and slavery, and the rainbow flag does not. There's a huge moral difference there.
Neither of which are actually bad, of course. It's just that reactionaries don't know what "safe spaces" actually are and hate "political correctness" because it gets in the way of being shitty to people and punching down.
I'm sorry to hear that you've chosen to follow the false vision of God painted by Satan and his minions. I'll be praying for you to see the light, so that you might cease to serve the devil.
She's also not going to get elected, so in the real world that's not actually an available option.
Progressive is not an absolute reference. It's hardly ideal, but it's still better than what we've got--thus, it's progressive in the only sense that matters. It's also the best of the options that are actually politically available to us.
Generally, I think the FSE Board is grossly incompetent. The new monthly aircraft fees are the latest example of that. After years of telling us over and over that our planes are ours to keep, that planes of inactive players would never be taken from them, on a lark and with no warning whatsoever they go and turn those years of promises on their head. At the same time, there is a specific purpose to FSE, and tubeliners really aren't compatible with that.
Given that guns are oppressive cancers on society, restricting access to them is the opposite of taking away civil liberties. It's a pro-freedom measure. Why do you hate freedom so much?
I'm not. Guns are tools of oppression. They are incompatible with, and so have no place in, a free society. Guns are the instruments by which the privileged and powerful enforce social control on the marginalized. All guns need to be banned. Everyone who values freedom and individual liberty appreciates and acknowledges this. Pro-gun = anti-freedom.
...what?
"I'm goinna spill the beans on youah wahife." "What could you possibly have on my wife, Mr. Trump?" "She's an ugly whoah."
But he was a Marine! He was a Marine! He was a Marine!
Except in reality, where he wasn't. This particular sub is reserved for realith-based statements only. Shit you just made up does not belong here.
Maybe there's a way to earn an amateur radio license without ever reading a damn thing. I wouldn't know, because that's not a possibility I've ever investigated; I just know about the approach I used, which involved a shitton of reading.
So what you're saying is, you haven't actually bothered to think about things for more than two seconds or to step out of your own limited assumptions and perspective?
Not terribly, really they're concerned that you have the technical knowhow to operate safely (which basically means knowing enough to know your own limits of expertise when dealing with energy sources, tower climbing, etc.) and within FCC regs. I was able to earn one and I'm so humanities4lyfe I'm earning a Ph.D. in it. Professional background is absolutely not necessary, so you're well ahead of the curve.
What a deplorable, Satanic, authoritarian idea.
She's the Mother. Calling it now. And then Ted cheats on her with Robin.
If you intend to make a career in academia, then that's an incredibly sibjective question that ultimately boils down to what interests you. If you plan on going back to high school, it's a different matter. In that case, where are you? If you're in the U.S. then I'd suspect that World and US would be your best bet, but I can't speak to how history is taught in secondary schools elsewhere.
Oh, I thought you meant Barney Frank.
GOD IS A BOOB MAN! Actually, of course, God's not a man at all. Attempting to shoehorn the divine into human categories is, quite frankly, blasphemous.
&gt; even if they do not align with reality There is no objective reality to which any identity attaches. All identities are human conceptual constructs. Picking and choosing which you recognize is just another form of Satanic bigotry.
Perhaps that wasn't the best choice of words; I was referring to the ability to actually get meaningful shit done.
&gt; Swap Addai with ~~Edge~~ ~~Faulk~~ Dickerson
"False start, offense, number 78."
Sierra Pro Pilot or GTFO.
That doesn't absolve the voters of their moral obligation, and they need to change too.
&gt; Issues of border security, Borders are a crime against humanity. The lines we draw among ourselves are offensive to God. &gt; immigration Since God created all the world for all humanity, we don't have the right to restrict anyone's movement among it just because they came from the wrong side of an arbitrary and a morally-irrelevant line on a map. Border controls and immigration restrictions of any sort are the work of Satan. &gt; terrorism You mean like when cops murder black people in the streets with impunity? That kind of terrorism? Or the terrorism committed when the government of Israel perpetrates its genocide against the Palestinian people? &gt; outsourcing The real problem is the authoritarian slave system known as "capitalism," which is destructive, cancerous, and oppressive. Complaints over "outsourcing" sets us against our brothers and sisters on the other side of a bunch of arbitrary and morally-irrelevant lines on a map, and makes it easier for the capitalist class to exploit us. &gt; Obamacare Far from ideal (it still relies on capitalism, after all), but it's a hell of a lot better than what came before and a damn sight better than any of the alternatives the party of Orange Hitler is proposing.
Regardless of their claimed religious affiliation, we can say with absolute certainty that *no* decent, moral people voted for Orange Hitler.
There's no right to own guns. Guns are instruments of oppression, and there's no such thing as the right to oppress others. Pro-gun = anti-freedom.
Communism is God's will. Communism is the fulfillment of what God intended: a society where we are all free to pursue and achieve our God-given potential, without having to subordinate ourselves to the will of another person simply to survive. God intended us to be free to live our lives as we please, so long as we don't harm others, and within that constraint the consequences of our choice to live in concord or conflict with God's will falls on us alone. That is only possible in a world in which we are all guaranteed a full share of social wealth, so that we are not subject to a hierarchical social order in which access to the means of production is structured so that we are coerced by material necessity into subordinating ourselves to the will of another simply to avoid starvation--in other words, that is only possible in a communist society.
Is this the article you meant to link?
You mean the work that took place on the backs of the poor, impoverished, exploited, and oppressed around the world?
So you're pretending like all that's isolated from US imperialism? It wouldn't have happened without it.
...innovation that took place on the backs of the victims of US imperialism.
I'll respond to the reality-based portions of your post:
Wanna have some fun? Book a flight on a 757 out of Santa Ana. The combination of ludicrously overpowered plane, short runway, and local noise restrictions means you'll think you're riding a rocket on takeoff.
OP seems to be an international arrival. This might change things a bit. As an international arrival, after getting through customs and immigration you'll have to recheck your bags and clear security again for your flight to the Bay Area (I think, it's been a while since I've had an international arrival followed immediately by a domestic connection, so maybe they've since redesigned things so you never exit the post-security area during the process). Depending on time of day and season, that can involve a few additional hours of standing in line and waiting. It will still almost certainly take less time as a whole than, say, Megabus would (7-8 hour trip, plus about an hour to get from LAX to Union Station, plus however long you have to wait for the bus to leave), but it may be worth it to avoid the hassle.
OP is flying into LAX from Sydney. Not really a lot of alternative options for the arrival, and then once you're already there anyway then given Southwest's insanely convenient Bay Area service out of LAX there's really nothing to be gained from going to another airport.
Except they're coming from Sydney, so they're already arriving at LAX, and once you're already there anyway...
If you're upset about his actions, you're deplorable.
Stop with your reality-free false equivalence. Saying "you don't get to harm people you want to harm" is not harming anyone.
Has there ever been a more appropriate name for a linebacker than "Mercilus"?
These obviously-staged shots of Dungy and Harrison "casually talking football" or whatever they're supposed to be doing are seriously the dumbest things ever.
Any ball is uncatchable if you tackle the receiver...
&gt; Calls are totally going our way this game. Yup. &gt; So different from past years. Nope.
Why the hell does CBS still not have a live streaming service? Any other major network--definitely anyone that carries sports events I want to see--I can stream through DirecTV.
I was annoyed on Parks and Rec that they kept calling it the "DMV." No, it's not. In Indiana it's the *Bureau* of Motor Vehicles.
Holy shit Phil Simms can count and subtract!
I've never run into someone questioning his intelligence that wasn't based on the insipidness (and often simple wrongness) of his commentary.
Quod the flying fuck, they're turning *Training Day* into a TV show?
That's *exactly* what a juror is, for the time they're acting as such.
Indy is just a great airport. Its new(ish) terminal is the first to be designed and built with post-9/11 operations in mind, and it's incredibly pleasant.
Because Bernie doesn't have a vagina.
&gt; Also why instrumental? It might be more clear why if you imagine an implied станет or будет.
Use love and education to teach them why what they did was wrong (something we as a society obviously failed them in earlier) so that they'll know better and not do it again.
I'm not an lawyer; an actual lawyer will know the broader context of how this terminology has been defined/interpreted by the courts which would provide a better answer to this question, but I wonder if: &gt; B. The provisions of this section shall not apply to: &gt; ... &gt; 4. The use of a handheld personal communications device for purposes of navigation or generating audio transmission, provided that such device is physically mounted to a vehicle; would not apply to console-mounted radios? Yeah, your H/T's probably out, but who uses that while driving anyway?
No, T Y is short for Eugene.
They're like the Walter Mondale of NFL teams.
FUCK ALABAMA!
Fucking piece of shit cheaters.
I'm sure eepithst appreciates the compliment!
Plainly yes.
&gt; Liberalism is about liberty. So leftists *are* liberals, then?
&gt; Or you don't like some of the things the union supports and don't want your money to help them. If you oppose union goals, then in that case you're just a morally-bankrupt deplorable.
So you don't, then?
I mean, it's not like 4chan is chock-full of photoshop wizards or anything!
Is she going to talk about how they're mutually incompatible with one another? Because that'd be the only reality-based approach to the subject.
Yes. All human beings deserve a comfortable standard of living.
