I have one big problem with fingerprint authentication (really, any sort of biometric authentication). If I lose my password I can reset it. If I give out my password, either accidentally or under duress, I can change it. If someone wants something so badly as to copy (or take) a fingerprint, there's no way for me to "change" that password. The atmosphere of Mars is over 95% CO2[1] which I imagine could support the propagation of bacteria. The Moon doesn't have much of an atmosphere at all (a trillionth of what the Earth has).[2] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_Mars [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_the_Moon Initial platform choice aside, I think this was the right course of action. For three of you (all technical?), launching on two high-quality platforms simultaneously would be asking for trouble. For those of us that don't have our iPad in front of us at the moment, could you explain the Bento IAP is and what we get for that $15? > I guess, but Zookeepers could also potentially talk about "What are the pros and cons of Gorillas vs Sharks?" And on an appropriate forum with as many readers as SO/SE you'd likely get well-thought out responses going far into detail regarding purchase cost, habitat maintenance, prevalence of skilled keepers, etc. Someone who actually was deciding whether to add a Gorilla enclosure or a shark aquarium would find it a very enlightening post. I understand you created SO/SE and want to see it move in a certain direction, but closing and deleting questions you don't like because it threatens your "science-in-the-small" goal is, I think, a terrible way to go about it. (FTR, I understand Jeff is not personally going around deleting stuff on the site) Thanks for the reply, Stefan, but I think you misunderstood what I meant by "appropriate" (thought I understand your use); I meant the zoological equivalent of SO/SE (Zoooverflow?) There's a world of difference between "I want to learn Perl or Python, what are the pros and cons of each?" and "What's your favorite programming cartoon?" I think moderation efforts would be much better spent directing the answers to the open-ended questions away from monoglotist flame wars and toward an honest discussion (there's that word again) of something. I don't think anyone would complain about aggressively closing questions like the one you posited. As a programmer, I've also dealt with the programmer ninja rockstar gurus who think anything less than 90% equity for building on top of someone else's platform is a personal insult to them. There are just as many jerks with over-inflated egos on the programming side as there are on the business side. FYI I found a typo on your FAQ page: What if I purchased the least popular t-shirt multiple times? Nice going! You will receive a coupon giving you free t-shirts in the same quanity as your purchase of the least popular t-shirt. The important part is that the article - and ultimately, the funding - are because of 9gag users uploading stuff they find on r/pics and r/funny, even though they'd never admit that (much like most Redditors would never admit the majority of Reddit's memes either originated from or are directly from 4chan). I'm sure it's no accident that there are 37 projects. I'd be more interested to hear feedback from people who aren't featured in the ebook. Looks interesting to say the least.