A math IDE. I think Wolfram Alpha may do just that, then again dealing with formal maths is not my thing. An IDE makes sense if it can encapsulate the symbols and terms you're conveying. How many programmers sit down with notepad or vi and write huge programs? Yes, some do (and I have), but it's far easier with the IDE. People don't like most advertising because it's lying to them, or at least covering up it's faults (turd rolled in glitter). I mean, what company is going to pay to tell everything about their product. There going to show it in the best light. When people buy something they want to be informed (doesn't a free market require this?). With sites like Amazon or Newegg you get more information about the product and similar products that is supposedly neutral. They don't care 'which' product you buy, as long as you buy it from them. The customer benefits by exposure to more choices, better products, and possibly better pricing. This does not work as well for vendors, they do not care who you buy from, as long as you buy their product. If it did everyone would use chrome/firefox with adblock. A huge portion of the population seems to put up with all the ads thrown at them. I think a number of people are worried about Apple shooting themselves in the foot, or screwing their customers. Apple's handling of software development in the '80s almost killed them. Microsoft's 'steal it, pirate it, just develop for it' mantra got us to where we are today. Apples default of signed programs is probably best for consumer safety, but many times the best ideas don't win the market. Where is the other half of the equation. What's happening with Microsoft in the server room? All these tablets and phones and other assorted toys don't make very much of their own data. They are fed with huge server farms. I don't see Apple making any of those servers and server operating systems currently. This. It would be better for the author to understand the legal requirements and the legal history of cable TV. The technical side is only a small part of the equation here. He would be dealing with regulations at local, state, national, and international levels. http://www.fcc.gov/guides/regulation-cable-tv-rates http://www.fcc.gov/encyclopedia/evolution-cable-television#s... So I guess the real answer to his question 'Ask HN: I want to build a cable company. How would I get started?' is here. http://www.fcc.gov/ You can't just spray anything on the board. Most coatings would separate from the board over time with due to thermal or mechanical stresses. There are many coatings that do work for this, but cause additional expense due to additional labor in finishing, and possibly design to make sure the components that need protected most can actually be coated. I want you for a customer. I'll sign a contract to bill you for $100 an hour. Then when I send you the bill I'll make sure it's for $125, because hey if you don't like the price, you should have used someone else. I'd say yes. In the bad old days, you only got to number 1 because of payola. Chances of an unsigned Korean artist getting there. 0. He for sure did not fit the boy band/pop star profile. Now you can go from someone mostly unheard of to a global superstar outside of traditional channels. Now, if you are already someone signed on a big label and have a big name, then 8.1M may not be huge, especially for how popular it was. "From just those sources, PSY and his camp will rake in at least $8.1 million this year, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates. But for online music sales in South Korea, he'll earn less than $60,000." This is the important part of the article. He earns around US$0.00015 per song sold in his own country via online sales. He earns a hell of a lot more via Youtube and iTunes. What gets him up to 8M is other advertizing deals.