disclaimer: I evaluated most of these tools and wrote a blog post here. https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/04/18/monitoring-in-the... It's a bit old and i'll update it later, but here is the short resume with all the latest tool: ### Free (as in open-source) shitty options: icinga, nagios, riemann They suck so much they're not even worthy of having their names written. ### The other open-source option is prometheus. I didn't try it personally but I've have candidates interviewing at my company who talked at length about their experience on it and they were satisfied. I red the whole documentation and it's better than the old shitty tools but it's still not great. Be aware that it has many limitations by design, they skipped all the hard stuff (single node only, no HA, pull-mode only for metrics). ---- The new SaaS tools (ordered by maturity), all 10-20$ per host, they're mostly copy-cat: Datadog, BMC truesigh pulse (Boundary), signalfx, wavefront, server density. Datadog is the best option. It's older (about 5 years) and more mature. It has the most features and integrations. It's really the next generation of monitoring. BMC truesight pulse is the historic competitor. It was a startup called "Boundary" that was bought by BMC, and BMC rebranded the product. That's about the same thing. Not sure what the acquisition may or may not have changed. SignalFX is a direct copy-cat of datadog (and BMC). But it came later so it's lacking in features and integrations. Wavefront is an even later copy-cat of datadog and signalfx. Except it has no public price nor public trial. You have to contact them and go through sales for anything. (Honestly: just ignore wavefront. There are 3 directs competitors who are better and more accessible). ServerDensity: Don't bother trying. The website is buggy, it fails to load pages very often. The product is not even finished and lack 80% of the competitor features. The company will probably die soon. (sorry for their employees who are commenting here and reading that :\ ) [Google] StackDriver: It was another company that was acquired by Google 2 years ago. Currently, it's dead and it's being integrated to Google offerings. That might be great when it comes back (probably this year, there seem to be some closed beta given by Google at the moment). ### Current status-quo: Datadog beats everything by a long margin. More mature, more features, more integrations. It's has the advantage and it's evolving faster. That's the horse you have to put your money on (I did). You can try the competitors (either BMC or signalfx) if you wanna play around or just tickle datadog sales team to get a better price (I did) :D ### Far future: There might be a market rupture within 1-2 years when google finally release StackDriver. It had some quite advanced stuff and great review when it was acquired. It's the only one that might be able to catch up with datadog and provide the very advanced stuff that doesn't currently exist (e.g. outlier detection done right). If and When Google finally offers GCE (cheaper & faster than AWS) + kubernetes (docker and infrastructure on steroid) + StackDriver (complete monitoring AND logging solutions), they will be the best IaaS provider on the planet by a wide margin. The evolutions brought by these tools will allow me to do the work of 3 infra/sre guy all by myself. No offense there but it's very clear that the pricing is per host per month and it's a common practice in the industry. Thinking you could get away with your current setup for $15 is very naive of you. It looks like you red it well but your refused to acknowledge it? FYI prices for some popular services: - BMC (direct competitor to datadog) is $12 per host per month - SignalFx (other competitor) is using a $ price per metric stream per month (this one is tricky but they suggest to plan for $12 per host per month) - NewRelic is $75 per host per month - Dynatrace/Appdynamics are about $1000 per host per month - AWS/GCE have pricing per hour (which is annoying to convert per month) I agree on one thing though (and I did tell that to datadog guys directly). The price displayed in big should be $18 per month per host and not $15. The cheaper one if for an annual subscription which is not the most common case. Use ansible. It's like shell scripts on steroid. Basically, imagine a list of simple tasks, executing one by one in order. Instead of having bash commands which have crazy long arguments list and screw the whole script on failure, you get to use ansible commands (aka. modules) which are a lot easier to use and handle failures nicely (by stopping the run). And you'll never have to worry again about what happens when a command is ran twice. It simply doesn't do anything if there is nothing to change. Is that even a valid syntax for a URL? Probably not. Should have thought about compatibility before making up a naming scheme. Actually, to have worked with KiCad (a CAD design tool for integrated circuits). The only thing that make it worthwhile is that it is free (as in $0) whereas the industry standard (Eagle) is worth a TRUCKLOAD of money (many grands per seat). That hardly gives any choice to all students, most little companies and most professionals (especially outside their work computers at big companies). People have no choice. I'd hardly call that excitement when the competitor is unaffordable to 99% of the audience. It simply cannot die because of it's monopoly (of being the cheap option). Simply not true when the design is not trivial. I'm giving interviews with system design, I'd say that the majority of programmers who are decent cannot actually architecture anything well enough. And it doesn't matter if they're given more time, they don't have the training/experience for it. (They'll only learn the impact of their decisions later, eventually painfully). On the other hand, they may be able to develop it if handed and led through a proper architecture. I'd love to see an estimation of NetFlix for running the same infrastructure on GCE. All the instances are cheaper and faster. The networking is substantially faster, especially on smaller instances (I can imagine they have a lot of network IO given their business). No more reserved instances to manage. The discount is automatic on GCE when instances ran 24/24 for the month. (Reserved instances are a management nightmare when you have many servers, you can actually loose money). Replace all spot instances with the equivalent on GCE, which has fix pricing (about 70% discount) and is more dependable. (I imagine the core video business is extremely spot friendly). "GCs are complex and require lots of end-user tuning -- just look at the performance articles on Java." These articles are bullshit. Most settings are either obsolete or forcing the default. The rest is just useless. I spent months doing performance tuning of applications stacks which were using Java (for app, database or both). Most of the settings are useless and barely change +-1% in performance. The JVM has had good defaults for a while. The only thing one MUST configure is the -Xmn and -Xmx options to set the maximum amount of memory allocated to the java process (both settings to the same value). Same thing here from the seller side. Got a friend running some Bed and Breakfast hosting in the French countryside. The typical 50 year old that I'd hardly imagine selling on AirBnB (can he even use a computer ?). It turns out that he puts his listing on AirBnb and it's actually bringing in customers. You'll note that AWS Nat gateway are only available since less than 6 months. Any company who started before had to implement their own NAT gateway (we did). And with the shitty networking (150 Mbps top on large instances), that was the bottleneck for the whole subnet/VPC. GCE has a lot better networking and 1Gbps on their instances which may them way less sucky than AWS for anything routing related. Anyway. I migrated part of our cloud infra (one hundred instances, few subnets) to the new NAT gateway recently. It's working well so far but a few notes come to mind. You gotta use the latest terraform (or cloudformation, tip: TERRAFORM IS BETTER). Eventually, play with the Release Candidates if you started early. Ansible doesn't support NAT Gateway at all. (And probably that puppet/chef/salt do not either.) I doubt they will before next year. Just my 2 cents about NAT Gateway. Let's not be too quick to judge google when AWS just released the feature a few months ago and it's only being available in tools about now.