Addendum: essentially looking for operating costs as percentage of revenue both before and after contracting B2B services. Best of luck! If things look grim, don't give in. Could they have passed 8th grade in 1995? Doubtful: * Advances in Science * More (and more widely varied) history * Different economic and political regimes * Speaking a foreign language * Algebra II * Books (easily 90% drivel) which pass for great literature these days Hard to compare when full information is not available. What is NIST standard for a bushel of wheat? What about rate of compounding at a bank (was that 10% apr or 10% per minute)? This likely would be an easy test for most with today's level of education after a day of remedial education that covers the basics of this test. This is an advertisement. I've actually found Numpy/SciPy to have a lot of trouble in basic maximization routines as compared with Matlab. I took a two-year break in the early 2000's from technology in general by living in a very impoverished nation--it simply wasn't available to 99% of the population where I was. Before I left, I was all about piracy. I thought it was awesome, and I hoped kazaa, audiogalaxy, and others would be around in the mean time. After getting back, piracy seemed so trivial and pointless--most things I was interested in pirating before leaving was media of some sort, and this media no longer interested me. BitTorrent was relatively new, and so I never really used it for pirating (just to get Linux iso's). In regard to the OP, I guess I do neither? Hahahahaha. This cracked me up. That 8th grade exam was difficult, no? I have a friend in Apple's data mining group who told me they use Numpy/SciPy exclusively for their programming. I was surprised. My experience has not been all that great either. But it's fun to tinker. \begin[possibly failing]{humor} Alright! Apple did something wrong! Took PCWorld long enough to bring it to our attention. I mean, what, didn't the MacBook Air come out yesterday? And it can't perform well as items already on the market? \end{humor} Because the resources are now dedicated to SEO?