Nonsense. For every legitimate example of such a malware-infected program you can think of or find, the community can point you to at least X others that are completely clean. Your suggestion is not a practical one, but rather an opinionated one. And the hiku does what, exactly? One of the most useless websites I've ever seen. It barely has any details on what the hiku is or what it does; and if I wanted more info, I'd have to go to their support section on another domain to peruse their "FAQ". No thanks. Have you ever tried to scan barcodes with a cellphone? For anything other than some sort of "novelty" "let's trying this cool new QR hipster app" type of situation. Their examples look amazing and pretty. But. Good luck trying to use them, though. They're very delicate, and break unless you make sure to find all the relevant CSS and cruft around them. Definitely not "plug and play". Not to mention your blog engine/site is broken. Please fix the fact that we can't click on the right scrollbar due to your fancy shmancy javascript side menu. Put it on the left hand side, or don't overlay it over the scrollbar. Damn #hipstercoders So famous is only for fast javascript browsers? That says it all... damn #hipstercoders. And yes, it works fast on chrome, dog slow on Firefox. Since when did we decide to collectively ignore Firefox users because we want to use some fancy shmancy JS framework so we can write our code using an "opinionated" approach? And I quote "opinionated" as that is precisely how the readme describes the "famou.us" way of building "rich, fast web applications". You make it seem as if she had no way to stop it. As far as I'm concerned, if you can stop violence, you have a moral duty to do so. Otherwise, you are complicit in said violence. At the very least she should have SAID something about it. But no, politicians stay quiet instead of rocking the boat so that they can keep all "buddy buddy" with their fellow ruling-class members. They'd rather have you believe that voting with your wallet doesn't work. They would prefer that you think the only way to enact change is through coercive governmental power. It fits their world-view and pocket-book quite nicely. Amazing... And very smooth! In one of the graph examples, I plugged in 500 nodes, thinking it would crash. But it failed very gracefully, and simply "slowed" things down instead of jittering into oblivion. I can't seem to be able to find good examples of kinectJS in action. Could you please point me to some solid examples or in-depth tutorials?