give me 2 ounces of whatever he's smoking... seriously ... hole diggers? are you serious?!? this article is like that idea I get just before I wake up or as i'm soaping my ass in the shower and think it's brilliant. Then I think about it for oh ... maybe a few hours and realize I was a big idiot for even beginning to think that I understood the concepts involved. I then usually eat a sandwich Even large producers of content consume more content than they produce. For every blog post I usually view 10-12 sites/articles/posts myself from external sources. This is news? I usually don't plug anything here but this is directly related to my latest weather startup: http://www.OtherWeather.com Better interface and layout than weather.com (less ads), social influence (each forecast is rated and users ranked), Google map mashup, user profile pages and weather widgets/forecast RSS feed. I just launched, and haven't had the time to promote but check us out. digg, reddit and any other socially influenced news site will always "devolve" into the mainstream and people living closer to the edge will always seek out more focused and intellectually stimulating sources for news and discussion. the networks that understand social influence and are brave enough to see where it can take them are the ones who will survive. Not the ones looking to control and guide the process with 'editors'. this is old, boring and obvious news/content. I get clients online monthly with payment processors and live payment gateways and explain it to them a lot clearer and more concise than this article (and they arent web geeks that read 37signals blog). Good rule; If it isn't Auth.net or Verisign it probably sucks. a little late to the game, but it's pretty sad that it's still happening in 2008 Lots of work is done behind the scenes at Apple/Wired to make articles like this happen. I read recently an article in Wired about MS's Channel 9, where the reporter found out that MS had been researching and courting him and Wired for a long time to assure the article was written and published. They had pages of notes and documents relating to the reporter and has staffed peopled to assure everything went smoothly. /Pay no attention to the PR people behind the curtain best two replies ... ever good piece on NPR a couple weeks back about how small independent coffee shops do better when Starbucks comes to town ... a few guys are actually targeting property next door/near to a Starbucks to open coffee shops (and seeing big profits)