Current job: front end developer for a well-known mapping product (no, not that one), although my contract ends in a month. Side projects: http://markdownnotes.com , and many, many others. I also write picture-rich articles about history: http://en.nicolasbouliane.com/blog/the-berlin-airlift You hit the nail on the head with LinkedIn. Those who actively browse it are not your target demographic. Some of them may care about the finished product, but you'd better save it all for the technically-inclined people. My biggest gripe with them is that lots of people can write code that gets the job done, but people who write maintainable code are much rarer. That sounds a lot like it. It seems impossible to get filthy rich in Canada and even less in Germany where I currently live. As a Canadian in Germany, you seen nuthin' The German tax ROI seems much better to me, but I miss my $575 Montreal rent. That's correct. You need the Meldebescheinigung (given during the Anmeldung) to open a bank account, and you need a bank account to find an apartment, and you need an apartment to do the Anmeldung (it requires a fixed address). It's pure madness. I actually run a blog documenting the (sometimes insane) German bureaucracy. It's not nearly as bad as people think, but things like getting an Ausländerbehörde (immigration office) appointment can be a real pain. Fortunately, it has improved a lot in the last 3 years. The Settle in Berlin article is completely outdated. http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/berlin-auslanderbehorde-sam... There's already such a thing. Local subreddits, Facebook groups, GitHub issues etc. They all have their regulars. I'm fairly involved in my community with http://allaboutberlin.com/ , and I've made a few IRL friends just writing for that website. It's still possible: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ When I made All About Berlin, it was just HTML and CSS. Nothing complex there. I eventually added Disqus and Google Analytics, but it's still possible to build simple websites. > The set of all sets in a space, X, is called the power set, P(X). The power set is massive and, even if the space X is well-behaved, the corresponding power set can often contain some less mathematically savory elements. Consequently when dealing with sets we often want to consider a restriction of the power set that removes unwanted sets. I wish people could teach math in plain English. I don't know why the math and physics world refuses to write for the reader. I took this class before, and I still don't know what the author means by "less mathematically savory elements". Here's you explain things to humans: > There is a set called the power set that contains all the sets in a space. This set is huge, and it contains [less mathematically savory elements]. This is why we usually use a restricted version that removes the unwanted sets. Seriously, there's no point to this sort of fancy language. Math is already hard. No need to make it harder. It's based on my comprehension of his paragraph