If true, it is bad news. The non-public markets are by and large only open to 'qualified investors', which in practice means those that are quite wealthy. The single best investment strategy ever devised is diversification. The more of the economy closed to the general public, the less they can diversify, and the worse their risk adjusted returns. The recommended k-12 textbook replacement cycle is generally six years. Of course, there is damage and loss that has to be taken into account, but districts generally try to stretch their purchases out at least that long. I believe google still hasn't pulled h264 support from chrome despite announcing they would do so quite a few versions back. The online students aren't getting the most valuable part of the entire thing - a diploma with the name "Stanford" on it. Yes computer programming is a young profession that isn't as hidebound as many others, but it is maturing and as is true for most other professions, soon proxies will dominate hiring. GTMO interrogator? The weekend is the MTA's Achilles heel. You are much better off at 3AM on a Tuesday than Noon Saturday. At least in the outer boros, they try and keep the lines in Manhatten south of 110 at least vaguely useable. I don't know what the solution is though, they have to do maintenance and upgrades sometime or other. They are doing a dual class offering. The class B shares (i.e. those held by Zuckerberg and other insiders) are going to have ten times the voting rights as the class A shares. I wouldn't by into such an ownership structure, though to be fair, google has such a structure and those that bought that at IPO have done very well so far. From the risks section: As a result of voting agreements with certain stockholders, together with the shares he holds, Mark Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, will be able to exercise voting rights with respect to an aggregate of XX shares of common stock, representing a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following our initial public offering. As a result, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the management and affairs of our company as a result of his position as our CEO and his ability to control the election of our directors. Additionally, in the event that Mr. Zuckerberg controls our company at the time of his death, control may be transferred to a person or entity that he designates as his successor. As a board member and officer, Mr. Zuckerberg owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Zuckerberg is entitled to vote his shares, and shares over which he has voting control as a result of voting agreements, in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. Stewart Baker blogs at http://volokh.com/author/stewart/ . Although I don't always agree with him, he is often quite thought provoking. Although this is perhaps an ill timed suggestion given that it is verisign in the news, I have long thought that DNSSEC would serve as a good mechanism for distributing public keys. Perhaps in conjunction rather than opposition to the current CA system. PowerShell (Windows' shell as of 7) is actually really nice, but it doesn't make any attempt at all to ease the transition to and from *nix shells.