What do you envision as the use case for this? You are not insane, but if you don't have a specific use in mind, you're bordering on being an architecture astronaut. Simple scheme implementations sans closures/callcc exist in ridiculously short amounts of code (100 lines or so), for just about any underlying language. But none of them is very useful. An interpreter such as you describe is practically guaranteed to make this too slow for any real use. It is my opinion that non of the "memory-to-memory" tasks is holding any better language back; if anything, it's accessing the real world and/or accessing other systems. The tasks you listed are usually available with a new language as part of its standard library, albeit not feature complete or with a standard interface. An implementation such as you suggested may provide a feature complete, standardised solution -- however, it will not be convenient due to "impedance mismatch" (differing object models / storage models / needed conversions back and from, etc). Validating an email address is all good, but without shelling out to /usr/bin/mail or tcp access, you can't actually send it -- and whatever you use for actually sending it probably has a validator already. Parsing, specifically (most of your examples) has relatively good language agnostic support in such things as the GOLD parser --- and yet, it always loses in convenience to a system that lets you embed implementation language constructs, such as yacc / lex / ometa / antlr / lemon and friends. Sorry for being a little non constructive, but I think that without a concrete, specific use case that clearly demonstrates an advantage, this project may be interesting philosophically, but useless in practice. When you work out an example compare: (cost of implementing said feature from scratch in a new language) to (cost of implementing interpreter + conversions from language + conversion of results back to language idioms + ... + in each language + 1/6 feature (amortized over 6 languages)). Take into account unicode and charset handling because you value correctness above all. I think you'll find it hard to justify. What are those languages somewhat devoid of libraries, and what is the large body of methods that can actually fit in this list of yours that you believe are holding language adoption back? I surely lack breadth of knowledge and imagination, but I can't come up with these lists. Back in '2000 or so, there were approximately 40 products in that space - I counted because I was working on one. They all required some form of download - and non of them got critical mass. Odigo Communicator; ICQ Surf; Zadu; Hypernix Gooey; Cahoots GetWebby; and a whole lot more. Also, there was an IE addin called 3rd voice that let you annotate a site for others. I wonder if now is a better time for this kind of products. There is so much contradicting evidence that it's not even funny. read Gary Taubes, Michel Cabanac, Seth Roberts. Do you know how the magical "1g protein = 4kcal, 1g carbohydrate = 4kcal, 1g fat = 9kcal" numbers were reached? Hint: They were never measured in vivo, or in vitro cells -- the follow from a very fragile theory, which breaks in every way you look at it -- and yet, it's considered "science. His diet as presented doesn't, but if you read his research notes (specifically, read through "what makes food fattening?") you'll see his own personal evidence/anecdote for this, and how it sits with other results. (But basically, beyond his own anecdote and theory which does not imply or contradict anything about calories, he mostly channels and enhances Cabanac and Israel) Other pointers: http://www.kuro5hin.org/story/2002/11/14/22741/791 - for an older version of K (from 2002), still very relevant. http://kx.com/q/d/ has the docs you're looking for (for a language called "q", which is exactly k with more english and less symbols). You can download a runtime from the kx website Dude, I'm in the market for a UK based VPN, but your IPHouse speed test is not responding. How do you know that "these cases of bad science are few compared to the good"? Seriously, whenever money or prestige is involved, the bad science has a much better chance. Quite a few people suggested gpg/hash or public key. If you do that (I wouldn't), be sure to include fluff before and after the number inside your signed message; A credit card has ~30 bit of randomness, and if you know the hashed/encrypted (even if salted) version of the hash, a hacker can just enumerate the credit card number to see if it comes out the same. It's not just the credit card numbers that are valuable -- it's the combination of credit card number + billing address that are generally required to make a purchase. 30 bit enumeration can require just a few minutes (or even seconds) on modern CPUs and GPUs. So, if you do store them this way, fluff them front and back with random data that you ignore when decoding. What would I do? Make sure the user has a password (Use HMAC/bcrypt to verify password; DO NOT STORE PASSWORD!); When the user logs in, derive key from password using a different HMAC with different salt, and store in memory/session vars only for as long as needed. Use that key to encrypt the credit card number with a symmetric cipher, e.g. AES; make sure to purge these keys from memory/session directory early and often. Advantage: You don't have access to the credit card on record even if you (or a rogue employee) wants to. Active participation from user _required_ to get access to data. If your server is hacked, only credit cards used while a hacker has complete view of traffic are compromised, and not all data stored. Even better: offload to payment processor and make it their problem. Really. No, I distrust everyone, but I distrust someone with an incentive to lie more. Phil Jones is famous and was reasonably comfortable tenured professor with a guaranteed steady income, and wielding power over most of the western world with prophecies of doom and gloom. It's unlikely he'll say "I've been wrong for the last 20 years" regardless of what science shows. There are numerous examples: Read Michael Pollen's NYTimes "Unhappy meals", "Is it all one big fat lie" or Gary Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories" on how nutrition science is perverted for profit. Read about the recent raw milk legislation about how medical science is perverted for profit. edit: Wanted to say I'm not stating anything about climate research, as I don't know enough about it; just that I don't share the "good science outnumbers bad science" view.