This design is like all others that involve separated, segregated facilities: Cyclists are at extreme risk of getting right hooked by turning drivers who will assume they have the supreme right of way even if they do see the bicyclists they mow over. Little tweaks like moving the stopping positions around have no effect on oblivious cagers. No it hasn't. Cyc has been widely reported on outside of academic circles for decades. It last got a lot a buzz when Watson was preparing to debut on Jeopardy. It can be viewed as a copyright circumvention "device". If they published the code in a book like was done with PGP it could be viewed has having a legitimate existence as a physical work. It is when you have a networked device that speaks X protocol. They were common in the 90's for test equipment and many are still useful today. These sort of legacy devices can't use newer alternatives. The copyright to the code of Popcorntime is held by its authors so a DMCA takedown on the code can't be issued on those grounds. However, it acts as a technology circumvention device (in a circuitous way) since it provides access to media that originally was encrypted. 17§1201 a.2: No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that— (A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; 17§1201 a.3.A: to “circumvent a technological measure” means to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a technological measure, without the authority of the copyright owner; and They had a vague announcement about organizational changes a few months ago to a "flatter" hierarchy. It was the first hint of the layoffs that have now come to fruition. They still sell embedded DOS. Supporting legacy products is good customer service. It's not like they were spending tons of resources to maintain the code. It doesn't matter if there is an imbalance in the traffic flow. Verizon is being paid to deliver requested packets over IP. That's all they have to do. Singling out Netflix is pointless. If Netflix were replaced with 1000 video streaming sites with the same aggregate traffic volume who would they blame for all the data their customers are pulling in? Verizon desperately wants to avoid being a humble ISP with no way to pull the strings the way do with their telco service. That's why they're playing this game. while() doesn't cast to bool in C. It compares to integer 0 which will become an unconditional jump after optimization. Not to worry. Just the NSA deploying a MITM attack. The bugs will be ironed out soon and your transactions will proceed smoothly as before.