I don't interview usually but when meeting a fellow programmer - my favorite question is what is your title - e.g. if they say Software Engineer - i ask them if they truly believe software can be engineered.. it's a way to open them up - i like to hear their philosophical views on the construction of software. Having lugged at least 10 pounds of laptop equipment+chargers, I think svelte and powerful are a good combination. The cons are can it live up to being tossed around a bit - My Dell and previous Compaq/Thinkpads could take a beating. I just watched the entire keynote and I think the skinny supermodel sexy MacBook isn't the standout product. Having been an early adopter of Windows Media Center PC, I can say that the PC part got in the way of the entertainment hub experience many a time. And we're not talking BSOD here - just the Penn-and-Teller combination of a PC and Entertainment Hub. Apple TV Take 2 doesn't require a PC. I think it would make a perfect Mother's Day gift (let your in-laws rent movies, see Flickr slideshow of their grandchildren's daily lives, YouTube party tricks). As someone who does tech support for relatives and family members (unwillingly sometimes), I welcome cool new digital devices that might actually not require a manual and tech support. What do you guys think of the Apple TV Take 2. I remember seeing The Titanic many years ago when it came out. During the scene where Kate Winslet poses topless for Leonardo, the artist, I was sitting next to a couple with their 8-or-9-ish year old children. It took a couple delayed seconds for the husband to react and shield his kid's eyes. During that time, the kids didn't flinch; the parents eventually did. Perhaps the kids didn't see anything wrong with seeing boobies - but now they associate them with something forbidden. I've observed co-workers working long days because they don't accomplish much during 9-5. Some people confuse activity with productivity. Quote from Jim Rohn - "If all you get from your job is a paycheck, you're underpaid" I think it's hard to do be good at something if you don't like it - I remember near-falling asleep in some boring (to me) subjects - I think some people are awake but asleep at their job. I feel fortunate that I am young enough to have grown up with the influence of the Internet, yet old enough to have had a formal introduction to the card catalog and good old fashioned go-to-the-library research. I can't imagine what High School would have been like if the Internet had been taking off - I don't think I would have graduated. Assuming they are working day and night, night and day that is close to $417/hr. The aspect of hiring high-class code hookers (or if you find that offensive, Ruby on Rails ninjas) aside, building a successful web site seems to be more about your network's influence when you launch. I wonder what the profit-margin for a top-100 Facebook application might be after paying for bandwidth/server costs, assuming they monetize through displaying advertising. How do independent Facebook application developers compete against the 800-lb gorillas of Facebook, Slide and RockYou? Slide and RockYou seem to prove economies of scale. From Craig Ulliot - developer of 50K+ daily user FB application 'Where I've been' "Well my application has become incredibly popular, and I'm very excited about it, don't get me wrong! But I'm a freelance developer, not a company, and its put a powerful 4GB $450 a month dedicated server on 3 backbones at maximum load and is pushing 2000GB a month in traffic. It doesn't make me any money and I'm getting hundreds of comments and emails daily about it. How can i support it and maintain it? What do i do with it now? its growing at a few users a second, so should i get another server each month?" http://tinyurl.com/yu6k98 Yes, good point. Cheaper than a small team of lawyers. I remember a build-a-website in 24 hours contest nine or so years ago - perhaps Obie and his team might volunteer their productive capabilities for a deserving non-profit? I think the right pro-bono project would generate good PR and better karma. I am interested in seeing what (assuming the who, who comissioned the site allow it) kind of customer experience can be built in three intensive days.