This was why I stopped using LinkedIn an Groupon though. The others are slightly deceptive, but not to the point of blatantly invading privacy like that. I'm facing this. I think it's a kind of trauma. I've dealt with death march projects too often, often becoming the 'hero' who has to bail out everyone's butts. At three points in my life, I've worked about 100 hours straight to rescue a project. I'm recovering. I tried coding something I like, but that didn't help. I tried vacations and sleeping it off. I tried binging on games. What works for me is a fan base. It's great to know your work has impact on people. It's nice to get "this is awesome!!" feedback, and better yet cash donations. I think the team itself has very little to do with it. There are awful teams, but in general, you can still get the same feeling from a superb team and great people. Productive engineers = happy engineers. Maybe try a simple project that you can feel the results. Especially if it can net you positive feedback. $25 last month, $0 this month. Founded in Malaysia, a year old. Three employees including me and my cofounder, and our operations executive who takes no equity. Funded $2500. Profitable but screw bootstrapping. It's usually about ego. It's not always bad people who have big egos. Sometimes good people have a large ego too. Consider the person who was told at 5 years old by his parents that he'll never be as good as his classmates. In school, they were told the same - by teachers, bullies, other authority figures that they'll be worthless unless they do something a certain way. Sometimes good people get pressured into this by friends, spouses, in-laws. Such a kind of person would be eager to prove others wrong. This is the kind of person who chases 'success'. They'll want to prove they are successful as a form of revenge or a way of impressing the in-laws. Buying expensive cars is the most obvious way. Or suits. Clothes. Houses. Sometimes there's insecurity and self-doubt. Everyone wants to improve, but the line for improvement is really vague. So they make it relative - compare progress to someone else rather than anchoring it to something solid, like savings. To many of these people, narrowing the minimum wage bar would be frustrating as it proves that they are hovering on the minimum line. Almost all my death marches happened when the project is being authoritatively led by a non-engineer. An engineer's estimate is usually conservative. If someone says it'll take 2 months, it'll probably take minimum two months. If you have good engineers, they're not trying to slack off by padding estimates. Respecting project estimates go a long way. The right team also matters. In some, we had interns working on a key component. I'm not saying interns are bad, but generally you don't want grumpy, underpaid people to work overtime. The designer has to respect the engineers. If you do a design that sticks to guidelines or something like Material Design, you'll be fine. But some designers try something really weird, in order to win an award, and some of those tiny details are pointless but would take 50% of the production time. I actually did ragequit in most of those jobs. I know it sounds tantrum-y, but I'd say it rescued a lot of those projects. When you quit a well-paid job, the company immediately assumes that you have a very good reason to quit and starts listening. Then they allocate some resources, like a tester, dedicated designer, and the API guy sits with front end for those 100 hours straight. Probably a lot more lol. For a founder of a non-profitable seed-stage startup, it's around $700/month. If you take a government grant, it's closer to $350/month + your tech skill market rate. Around these parts, it's quite rare for a founder to be full time on investor-funded salaries. Founders are expected to have a full time job, and pay a technical guy on the side. By comparison, a good engineer (3y, non-elite degree) would make about $1500/month. Yeah, but I do software development on the side. Inflation really hit hard over the last 10 years (like living costs practically doubled), so savings don't go very far. I'm in Malaysia. Yeah, the local market sucks here too. On the flip side, a metric like this has made some people a little too GitHub happy. They would put up private code because they liked the little activity indicators, and commit every 15 minutes of work. But now that I think of it, maybe they were fishing for another job. First, let's define value vs price. Price is how much the "valuation" is, exit price, maybe even cash flow. Value is how much wealth it creates. PG wrote a lot on this: http://paulgraham.com/wealth.html Basically build something really valuable, then figure out how to make money from it. Different things have different value. For example, Google is something extremely valuable, but they charge a tiny amount compared to the value they provide. Twitter and Facebook create a lot of wealth too. Even though they seem like toys, they're powerful and influential media sources. What about Wikipedia? Peter Thiel brought up this idea of X% of Y wealth. Something can create 5 billion dollars of wealth, but doesn't monetize well. Examples are Wikipedia and a lot of scientific research jobs. Something very valuable can be bought for cheap. Something can be overpriced and become a "unicorn" without creating that much wealth too. How much money people have also defines its price. If two $50B companies want to buy out a company, it can be sold very expensive. But if the only acquirers are $10M companies, it's going to sell at a few millions max, even if it's the same thing. Acquiring is often used as a way to hire. If something like Facebook dumps $1B on building a messenger, they may not succeed. And then something like WhatsApp comes up and threatens their billion dollar baby. So it makes sense to acquire early to cut out the threat, even at a premium. There's also localization to deal with. Let's say you want an e-commerce company in Indonesia, a huge and lucrative market. Logistics is very crude, laws are complicated, and there's a lot of corruption and bribery to be paid where an American wouldn't even know where to expect. Starting one is extremely risky and difficult. Nobody wants to hire 300 people in a month. This is where it makes sense to acquire at a premium. The reverse goes for talent. Generally companies in Indonesia could not find the same level of talent, because the brilliant people have moved to Sydney, Silicon Valley, and so on. If tech was a key component in their dominance, it's easier to just buy an Australian company than deal with recruiting locals or starting a company in a tech hub. Ego of the acquirer also plays a big factor. Some people just have a lot of money and are in a saturated market where they can't reinvest it in themselves. Usually telcos. They want to dump it into something that makes money, like logistics or e-commerce or SaaS. They usually overestimate their ability and underestimate the difficulty of the task, so they won't pay very much to acquire. Finally, the price of a company goes way up if it can monopolize an industry. This is why Facebook and Twitter is worth do damn much. Nobody will go to another microblogging site if they don't have to. Interestingly, the Chinese have their own versions, which are just as rich. In general, 1. Do important things 2. Do difficult things 3. Do things rich people can't do 4. Network effects That makes sense, but in my case, I actually have a lot of full app releases which are more complex, with higher ratings than most jobs I'm applying for. Skill level and interest is no question. What I wonder is that sometimes it seems to be a moral stance. You can see all these companies proud of what they contribute to OSS, using that fact to attract engineers. So it's not just about skill and passion.