Only news article I could find on it: http://domainincite.com/go-daddy-gripe-site-shuts-down/ I saw this video back when it was first uploaded, very interesting video and well done I agree that your site does not make it clear to the user, as a web developer I know that sometime we are not the best at conveying what we do and just assume others will understand. By that same token I was willing to hand over my calendar access because also know that sometime you have to take a chance for a huge reward, the reward being an awesome service, I would love to try it out however every date on my calendar is gray and I have a lot of events on my calendar so I am a little confused at how to work it I can't tell you how much I wish there existed a site that allowed for programmers to work for non-profits easily. There are often times when I have downtime but I am too burnt out to work on my own projects and I just want a change of pace. I feel like most non-profits could greatly benefit from developers and designers helping them either with their web presence or to help with efficiency. Recently I helped a national Fraternity, not my own, with tracking and recording tweets using a certain hashtag over the span of 40 days. Their method prior to me was copy + pasting the tweets that they liked from twitter (Using twitter search) in a word document. Using open source tools like phirehose I was able to help them record and track 5K+ tweets and export the data into something they could use. Helping out with this was very rewarding and I had a ton of fun. I wish their were more opportunities like this. The problem was I had to contact them, they had no idea that there were people even out their that could do that let alone do it for free. I hope that in a few days I see a "Show HN: Weekend project- NonProfitCoding.com" (The domain is open, I just don't have the time to work on something like that right now) on the front page because I would defiantly join. I am having the EXACT same problem. My domains look like this on namecheap http://imgur.com/mtSsd and they said that GoDaddy was blocking them from getting the Whois info as well. I understand not wanting to jump to conclusions but I trust GoDaddy about as far as I can throw the elephants that their CEO shoots... Dubstep, I listen to techno/dubstep/trace music because usually there are little to no words/lyrics which tend to distract me. Also I make sure to listen to LARGE playlists so that I rarely hear a repeat in the span of a few days which keeps my mind from memorizing the beats/music so I don't get caught up in the music I just let it play. Check out Rusko and Skrillex those are the top 2 I listen to when programming I am Greek (FIJI at UK) and a web developer and there is a LOT of money to be made in the market. If you are interested in talking just email me Josh[at]JoshStrange[dot]com > Greeks have specific needs that Facebook and other sites do not meet. Online recruitment tools, online bill pay tools (LOTS of money here), Online chapter management tools (Email/SMS blasts, calendars, philanthropy hours tracking, event planning) > At UPenn, the average budget is ~$125,000 a semester, and that's money each house MUST spend. > > Perhaps, but what fraction of that do they spend on software, social networking or otherwise? A frat budget of $125K becomes less interesting if they spent $110K of that on Natty Light. Please don't fall prey to common stereotypes, not every dollar we collect goes to alcohol, in fact 0% of my chapters budget goes to alcohol. Also "Frat" has negative connotation, please refer to them as Fraternities. > CollegeACB had 900,000 hits its 2nd day, now its down. I never had and never will support CollegeACB/JuicyCampus type websites as all they are used for is spreading rumors and hate. Any idiot can throw up a copy-cat website in a few hours and slap ads on it to make a few bucks. There is plenty of money to be made marketing to Fraternities and Sororities as most of the companies operating in this sector are are doing a horrible job and are years behind tech-wise. I would be happy to work with anyone who wants to write web apps for Greek's. -Josh Strange University of Kentucky FIJI - Phi Gamma Delta Yes and there is also BillHighway which has signed almost ALL Sororities at the national level, OmegaFi, LegFi (Based in Lexington), and I'm sure there are a couple other that are less popular. They all suck, majorly, we use LegFi and simple things like "I want to get an email when anything is charged to me" is not available and they don't store my CC info so I have to re-enter it each time, SMS support is non-existant even thought I wrote a standalone implementation of how it could work and offered to add it to their system FOR FREE... I never heard back. I was hoping that at least I could make the product suck less for my chapter but that wasn't even an option. I would love to start my own Greek dues collection company but can't take the time to build it out only to have to fight for scraps (As in I would have to sell it to each chapter). Note that the golden goose is that you get paid Yearly/Semesterly so it's the gift that keeps on giving. (We are talking $40-$60 PER member PER year/semester). Hit me up if you are interested. I have seen 0 inovation in college for as long I can remember. The "inovations" they claim are: moving courses online, offering online "aids" (Blackboard sucks), and my bigest pet peeve, making students pay for access to online homework (With no offline alternative). All of these are just ways to pump more money into the schools and to increase the teacher -> student ratio. NONE of these actually help students, in fact I would argue that they make them lazier. I have yet to learn anything at college that has helped me with my job (Web and mobile programming) and the CS classes my college offers are woefully outdated, often by about 5-10 years. I am in school for a piece of paper, I would gladly pay 25% more for tuition if I could just buy my degree. College (In it's current state) is a waste of time. The only advantage college has given me is my Fraternity which has opened the doors to all sort of possibilities whereas my classes has done nothing. So to answer the question "Are college students learning?" The answer is 2-fold. * Are they learning anything in class? No, just enough to pass the exam. * Are they learning other life lessons? Yes, IF they get involved on campus in other ways (Greek life, student council, student activities board, etc) Going to college is no longer a ticket to a job, if you want to be successful I would suggest going to college and getting the grades but focus on meeting people, getting involved, expanding your network. It's not what you know it's who you know, it doesn't matter if you have the "next facebook" idea, if you don't know someone that can help you make it happen it wont.