When I turned 25 I started getting nothing but hard soda ads from YouTube. I don't drink. I went and disabled personalized advertising, and for the first time in years I started seeing ads that tempted me to click through, ads from tech companies about tech. Why the difference? Because YouTube started showing me ads related to the content I'm actually watching rather than based on their faulty neural network profile of me. Obviously this is just one anecdote, but it's illustrative of the point: don't try to advertise either beer or iPhone covers on a car maintenance site. If I'm on a car maintenance site, you know all you need to know about where my interests are at that exact moment. Why try to hijack my attention (difficult when I'm trying to solve a car problem) when you could instead subtly redirect my attention to an ad for a local mechanic? I'm pretty sure they're referring to the end of Roman slavery. Slavery was the foundation of the Roman economy, which wasn't true of Europe's economy again until the colonial period. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_ancient_Rome https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_medieval_Europe It sounds like that was only useful because the language actually had no Boolean type (hence no operations for Boolean types). It doesn't really demonstrate that there is value to a "falsey" 0 in a language that already has a perfectly good value for false. They're commonly used for collecting metrics, such as performance or traffic data. Google has been factoring load times heavily into their search rankings for a while now. While I don't agree with a lot of their priorities, this gives a designer who's so inclined a lot of opportunity for encouraging clients to do the right thing: just show them their site's PageSpeed results, and they'll sober up. Yes, but only as a very small part of a much larger portrait. Cookies, tracking pixels, and browser fingerprinting are much more reliable, especially given that a lot of ISPs don't even assign most of their customers static IPs. Mine changes about once a week. Your Premium subscription gives them the revenue they would have received from the ad you would've watched, but most creators have found that YouTube's monetization is too little and too unreliable to count on. You're paying YouTube far more than the creator, unless you're paying them directly. Does "if it compiles it's bug free" actually work in practice? I've heard a lot of advocates for Haskell and Rust use similar lines to this, but it seems to me like it can only be true for a limited subset of all bugs. Elm's "no runtime errors in production" claim has a more reasonable-sounding scope. Not OP, but I still think that's acceptable. README.md is one of a very small number of places that open source developers can reach their users. Most of the time I only read it once, so if there's an ad there, or a link to their other products, as long as it's not a GIF and they didn't find some way to embed a tracker in README.md, I'm cool with it. It's about as relevant as advertising gets, and it's not coming from a pool of clickbait ads. It's a developer using their open source work to generate interest in the work that pays for it. Oh, I'm not talking about selling ad space. I agree that what Funded did was misguided at best. But what my parent was responding to was the idea of even putting a little ad for a paid product by the same developer or company. If JetBrains, for example, wanted to remind me on the README for Kotlin that they have an IDE that works well with the language, that doesn't offend me.