You should do some research into the demographics of the various combat arms roles in the US military. Funny you should say that, since you're the one hallucinating something other than what I wrote. Your first hire should be a woman PoC because diversity has to start at the beginning. Like for example speaking at a 4th grade level and having simple four word slogans? Robots are tools. Tools can only ever act as a multiplier for the productivity of a worker. A robot can't take your job anymore than a power screwdriver can take a carpenter's job, it only makes the carpenter more productive. This only eliminates jobs if you arbitrarily hold the total amount of production constant. Why would you do that? In a sane society, we'd celebrate increased worker productivity and use it to increase quality of life by making more and better things and maintaining the things we already have. Entropy ensures there will always be useful maintenance work to be done. It really shows how effective media gas-lighting has been that otherwise smart people believe that increased productivity necessitates unemployment or a massive shift of economic control to the public sector. All of that said, there are definitely reasons to move money creation away from the top 0.1% that are well connected and have banking licenses and somehow tie it more directly to productive behavior by individuals. Basic income is only interesting as a baseline model. The same total amount of new money could be introduced to the economy by lottery for example. Anytime you game something like this out you should include a random model as well as a constant one, as baselines to compare more sophisticated approaches against. People have never made decisions based on facts. We decide based on emotions, and then rationalize our decisions later if ever. Evolution did not optimize us for accurate understanding of the world. It optimized us for having offspring that survive. The latter by and large does not require the former. Indeed, deception plays a big role in human reproductive strategies. Elevator control isn't a toy problem which means you haven't thought about it at all. These agencies currently have no top leadership. My understanding is that this is just temporary until new cabinet secretaries are confirmed and can set communications policies. They don't want a situation where they have to issue releases a week later saying "strike that, reverse that!" This site is where the sober-minded logical people go to discuss things, so let's save the anti-Trump panic for when the FEMA death camps open up or something. I've always seen some close parallels between Peirce's approach to logic and Dijkstra's approach to program construction. Both start with an "empty" object and then transform it according to simple rules until the finished product satisfies some chosen set of predicates. But most everyone here knows Dijkstra, so I'm mostly just replying to thank you for bringing up Peirce. He's wildly under acknowledged and more importantly under-appreciated. Truly an American genius. The Amazon.com front page generating code is a proof relating some properties of its output to its input and that it halts. However it's also basically incomprehensible, so I doubt anyone alive could actually tell you precisely what it's proving. Your ability to prove something in any language is dependent on having a formal semantic for that language, or at least for a cognitively manageable subset that you're willing to restrict yourself to. The language semantics and memory model serve as axioms. Given how American programmers are trained, it's not realistic to expect them to be able to think of programs in a logical semantic way. There is something of an art to it and it's hard to learn a new way of thinking when you're satisfied with a way you already have. I agree that you can have an enjoyable hobby or make a living programming without really understanding what you're doing beyond intuitively and that's totally fine. Computing time is cheap and most applications don't cause any great harm when they behave in unintended ways. However the isomorphism between predicate calculus and computer programming isn't subjective. Programs really are proofs, just some of them are very sloppy.