To be fair, I don't recall anyone of import advocating that economics is a natural science. Look at any university course catalogue and it is wedged pretty firmly in the social science department where it should be, along with the other fake sciences like psychology and sociology (though I would have to call it a continuum of fake, with clinical psychology on the "closer to real" end and sociology on the "just making junk up" end). Unfortunately, I suspect that there is too much incentive to "make observation fit one's expectations" in these fields. Conversely, what purpose does non-scientific quantum physics serve? Beyond weaseling more research money, pretty much nothing. But making economics and sociology say things that aren't held up by observation can, and most often does, lead to vast political and social change. Very surreal. I don't know if anyone here knows, but Curtis Jackson started out in life as a drug dealer. Here's how I gain respect as a programmer. I complete my work on time, I do brilliant work, I don't abide cheesehead managers wanting to set unrealistic schedules, and I maintain a certain level of deliberate eccentricity to keep everyone guessing. Now, nobody wants to piss me off because they're too afraid I'll quit and leave everyone in a lurch. How you are perceived in your career is entirely up to you. Were SQL developers never taught the importance of reducing code duplication? Seriously, I see it a lot "in the wild". Databases that are filled with duplicated data, duplicate procedures, duplicate views. It's a bit sickening. I agree with you in principle, that SQL developers are definitely needed, I just think that anyone espousing to be a programmer should be capable of proper database design and programming. Well, I guess the people who aren't are usually not that great at imperative programming either... Isn't this more accurately called a Delta Robot? I print upwards of 20"x30" with my 8MP DSLR. That's significantly larger than most people ever get prints done in their home. Shooting digital also greatly reduces my packing load when travelling. I have 16GB of CF cards, taking up less space than a pack of cards. I struggle to fill 8GB in an entire week of shooting while travelling. At a certain point "more detail" is just wasted effort. You're not going to stand right on top of a 15' tall blown up photo, counting film grain OR pixels. Here's another question. What does Ken Rockwell have to fear from digital photography? Seriously, why else would he expend so much effort debunking this "conspiracy" (his words "(digital) raw is actually a conspiracy to addict you to having to buy software the rest of your life")? It's the Kodak conspiracyyyyyyyyy!