The Icelandic domestic minister (which handles asylum requests) has announced that Snowden will be treated like any other asylum seeker[1]. That is not good news for Snowden since Iceland's take on asylum seekers is usually to not handle their case at all, or turn them back[2]. However Hanna Birna (the minister) has been highly criticized for her take on the issue, since it clearly contradicts the IMMI initiative ( https://immi.is/ ). And hopes are that the Parliament will handle his case. But in short, the Icelandic government is not going to do anything about Snowden. [1] http://www.visir.is/engin-sermedferd-fyrir-snowden/article/2... (icelandic) [2] some statisstics here ( http://redcross.lausn.is/Apps/WebObjects/RedCross.woa/swdocu... ) in icelandic too. Well, there might be 0.1% chance. I mean, Framsóknarflokkurinn just supported the new constitution, a bill put forward by the Leftist Green. They might yet surprise us. When is it being voted on? Are people going to gather around Alþingi? Has anyone planed anything to push the MP on letting this through? I don't get it, why is it so important to separate our cognitive system into infinite units, one for everything we can feel? Why can't we, as an alternative, not possess two believes at the same time? Composed by different parts of the cognitive system. One for example might go through the frontal lobe and be overwritten by "reason" (if there is such a thing), and the other might go through more rostral regions, and be overwritten by emotions (which, in fact, will manifest it self into muscle movments)? Another alternative might be that the same stimuli manifests it self in different ways at the same time, after going through different coginitive systems (no a/believe construct required). So the fearfull ("irrational") behaviour ("the alive") gets manifested in the sympathetic nervous system (into muscle movements, hormonse, thermo-regualtion),while the vocal ("rational") behaviour ("the be lieve") gets manifested in cognitive systems responsable for speach-like cognitions, i.e. frontal regions. The internet filter at the café I'm connected to at the moment (Stofan in Reykjavík, I'm sure some of you know the place) actually blocked me [following this link]( http://www.siminn.is/lokad-a-sidu/ ). Failing a class doesn't tell me anything. What does it even mean? Did 50% of the student not learn the material, didn't they learn but parts of it, what were the requirements, the criteria for "passing"? Who made that criteria, and what was it based on? A single pass/fail ratio from a single case study doesn't tell me anything. Especially if the data is not explained. I apologize, I'm new to HN, and not familiar with customs, good practice, and such. Perhaps I should have included ´[dev-doc]´ or ´[alpha]´ in the title. I've always been fascinated with naïve set-theory, and how it was refuted after it's apparent inconsistency, the famous Russell's paradox of the set of all sets that don't contain it self, and only contains it self if it doesn't etc. So supposing it's False, yields True, and supposing it's True yields False. But what fascinated me was not the Russell's set, but it's inverse, the set of all sets that contain it self, lets call it S. For the statement S is a member of S —the set of all sets that contain it self, really contains it self— yields True if and only if you suppose it's True, and it yields False if and only if you suppose it's False. S is therefore always consistent no matter the value. Both values are correct, but never at the same time. I don't know particularly what it means, but the fact that you can do this, makes me wonder if this super-consistency is applied anywhere else in the philosophy of science, but nobody has ever realized the equivalent inverse, and therefor never demonstrated the inconsistency. I lived in San Francisco as an illegal immigrant, with a bachelors in psychology and a newly found interest in computer science, not able to enroll to a graduate program—nor undergraduate for that matter, I thought I could volunteer as a research assistant in some lab in the Bay Area. How wrong was I. In the off chance that some professor was interested (some professors are cool people who don't follow customs for the sake of customs), the schools bureaucratic system rendered it impossible for the professor to accept my free (as in beer) service. Now that I'm back in my home country, with it's free (also as in beer) education system, I'm unable to tackle the project I'm interested in, for professors tend not to facilitate projects that don't fit in their narrow field of interest (reads, the main topic of their 10 most resent publishes). The university system truly suppresses spontaneity and unorthodoxy. Even though most of my code is in Python and JavaScript, and probably is going to remain that in the near future, and by far the majority of my Lisp coding is and will remain in ELisp, Scheme is, and most likely will remain, my favourite programming language. I don't use it for any practical reason, on any code that others might pick up on and build on top. I use it purely as a hobbyist language, and for that it's awesome. Scheme is how I learned Computer Science (even though I learned how to program in Python). Scheme is awesome for multiple reasons, more reasons than other languages in my opinion, and popularity is not one of theme. And that is perfectly fine.