I always do a fresh install. I save backup of my $HOME, but don't restore it (I copy what I need when I need). It's perfect time for getting rid of old unused applications, projects, etc. But it takes time and patience. Safari supports push notifications from websites for a while. I've found it convenient for the news websites I often visit just to check for new content. It's like RSS integrated into OS. One can misuse it, but generally it's useful. We have DNS system in place which should be enough to establish trust between browser and SSL public key. E.g. site could store self-signed certificate fingerprint in the DNS record and browser should be fine with that. If DNS system is spoofed, user will be in bad place anyway so DNS system must be secured in any case. Currently Swift is a questionable choice. It adds around 5 MB size to the application archive, XCode support is buggy and standard library lacks many things it should have. I built custom keyboard with Swift and I won't use it for my next projects in the near future, until it'll become more stable. But probably in year or two it'll become much better. That's why the simulation hypothesis is quite likely. We can simulate very simple universes. We will simulate more complex universes as time goes on. And there's nothing to prevent that universes to become really complex, so complex that beings there will become conscious. And it's only matter of time when those beings will simulate another universe. And, considering that every civilization simulates many universes, there's an exponential growth of universes beginning from the "root" civilization. So there are (or there will be) billions of billions of universes, one inside other, like russian dolls. And possibility of us living in the "root" universe is quite low. Either that or there's some fundamental nature law preventing us from creating a simulation of conscious intelligent mind. And even if we didn't create that simulation yet, I don't believe that those laws exist. We have billions stars to consume for energy and matter and billions of years to improve our technology. Why don't we create megacomputers with that power potentially at our hands? Or some watchdog system will detect an abnormal behaiour, stop the simulation and report the bug to the developers. They'll fix bugs and run the simulation from the last non-corrupted backup. And we'll never know that someone did that. It probably because France never had problems with food itself (because of good climate and good earth). So people had to develop food culture. In russia, where climate is hard, earth is not very fertile and one unsuccessful harvest could mean country-scaled global hunger, food culture is more about eating while you can, conservate food while it's fresh. With current excess of food there are many fat men and women out there. I believe that all countries will develop food culture very soon, it's already happening around. Dietology is a popular topic. While negative numbers very often provoke exceptions like IndexOutOfBoundException, with unsigned integers error could be uncaught for much longer time. I'm all for signed integers, unless storage requirements so tight that you really need that one bit. One major drawback for me is a constant flickering in Intellij Idea and Emacs. I'm not sure who is responsible for this, but user experience is just terrible. I'll definitely downgrade to 10.9 when I'll have enough spare time. I didn't see much problems besides it. I like new design, animations are smooth enough for me and everything works well enough. No, I don't use Flux.