Facebook definitely sounds like a decent place to work. Them and Google are places I hope to take influence from if I ever make it to having an actual physical office space :P I always think it's a bit of a shame when a smart innovator doesn't have a business head on his shoulders. Apparently Mr. Lee says he doesn't have one: but I dont buy that :D posting his ideas to Youtube was a very smart move... (I loved that video when it first appeared!) Sadly I dont see Ubuntu doing that any time soon (I could write an essay on how much I dislike Ubuntu's UI!). It's just not a "glamorous" part of the OS-making process (IMO it's the great stumbling bloack of all modern Linux distros...). Agreed over the luxury branding of Apple though. It will be interestign to see how they fare over the next 18 months. Although with that said the Ipod is (probably annoyingly) one of those luxuries that isn't a luxury any more - so that should keep them going. For what it's worth: I use OSX, L8inux (all sorts of distros), XP and Vista daily. And personally I find Vista WAY above XP in terms of compatibility and stability. But then this is a circular argument - because it is totally dependant on individual preference & experience. For me Linux and Vista are both not perfect and both have their (equally annoying) niggles. I use Vista for gaming and general use at home and Linux at work (& at home as servers and other uses). I always thought that the founders had done it themselves (in fact I am SURE I read a book about the beginnings of Google that said so explicitly). Actually it left me a bit disappointed to find that it had been "designed" :( Google always used to make me feel (as a crap graphic artist) that Home-brew logos COULD go a long way. I think Gnome have got it right - your correct, they are just lacking the pretties. But I think Ubuntu (and other distro) teams haven't made use of the Window managers well at all. Menu's, applications and other bits and pieces are just too confusing for the average Joe user. UI extends even beyond the windows themselves. As someone commented I think Linux devs are waking up to how important UI and user interaction is. But - It's a mess, and a hell of a job to fix - No one with the proper expertise is involved in the projects - It's not a glamorous thing to be doing (compare to "cutting edge" stuff - There seems to be this ingrained anti-M$ vibe that means no one can take influence from them. ?? UI is one thing M$ tend to do really well in Windows. They spend a LOT of money researching it..... This is definitely good advice. We went to several VC's and received fairly unpractical offers (well not unpractical: but it felt like they were trying it on for as much %age as they could get). Trouble is if you play hard ball with them they seem to lose interest fast (I guess it's easier to go with other people who'll just take the cash as it's offered). In the end we went with private investment - and I;d advise others to do the same. Yeh there is a lot less money in that area BUT if you get a few people invested then it cuts the individual percentage any one investor might have (always useful) and also means (with the right investors) you'll have a more personal relationship with your "money" :D I see where Bruce is coming from. But I quite like self: it's an explicit reminder every time you write OOP in Python about the idea of classes & instances. Incidentally I'm one of those annoying people that often will use this instead of self (because I find it more readable.. at work I am famed for my efforts of trying to write code in "english" :D). Self is also useful when your passing the class around. It's easy to see where it is heading all the time. It will be nice to see the "you forgot self, you fool" error made explicit. When you switch languages a couple of times a day it can be easy to forget :) (PHP to Python switch is the hardest!) Ah gotcha! That is wha tI was thinking of thanks. @IsaacSchlueter: I know what you mean (it's one of those logos that just "describes" the brand without any support). Yeh - killer features are a big bonus. Thing is they are cool to work on - and so quite a few seem to work appear, pulling people in. With OSX and Windows that's fine because IMO they have that extra level of ease and Usability that a consumer OS needs. Linux doesn't have that left - I bet a lot of people drawn in with a gimmick are left struggling with it after a few weeks... I still maintain that Linux is lacking a simple UI to pull it into the mainstream (ALL Linux not just Ubuntu).