good stuff man. hope you make it. Financial Times, NY Times and local news papers may help. Are you currently looking into VC or are you bootstrapping your startup and growing it organically? Reality Check. Anyone who was half serious about this application is hurt somehow. The reason why it sucks is not so much due to the fact that you are not going to hang out with "startupreneurs" and PG but because this was a competition and your product was judged not as good as those that made it. That is what hurts. Maybe you can take a step back today and take a look at what you are doing and ask yourself "How can I make better, more simple and scale it?" or "How can we make people see that this is better than other products out there and a business can be built around it?" because if you believe it is great, than maybe you fail to present it the proper way. Take the rest of the day off. Get a drink, socialize, shut that computer down and relax. Tomorrow your head will be clear and you can start working on your startup again. Not because it will make you a millionaire, or because it will get you respect, but just because that is what you love to do and without it your Puzzle is just not complete. Ciao' If you are working on a startup and you live in Atlanta, we should all get together, talk about our ventures and help each other. Three entrepreneurs so far. Hi. What are going to do now? What was your idea? Ours was a DIY mobile content aggregation & distribution platform. Grab your favorite content on the web. Mix it, mash it, make it mobile, distribute it. hi BL, like your input. send me an email so we can discuss off site. What's up Nandan. I can't see it. Email me at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net. We can set something up. I totally agree. Nothing complicated. I don't know about anything that makes me pay to chat. I am not too far from perimeter. Send me an email and we can set up something for all of us. Globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net PS. John. C cool que tu parles francais. On devrait vraiment se rencontrer ASAP.