I can think of three reasons universities would do this. First: Universities do not generally take pride in having a commercial "business model" approach. They almost all say education, rather than profit, is their aim. They say they don't charge $x because they want to extract the maximum rent from the market, they charge $x because that's what it costs to provide the course. What better way to prove this commitment to education than to charge much less for a course that costs much less to run? Second: Sony chariman Akito Morito reportedly once said "My job is to make our products obsolete before our competitors do." If online learning is the next big thing, you want to be at the cutting edge of it. You don't want to end up a local bookstore in the age of Amazon, you want to be Amazon. Third: 120,000 people signed up for the first MITx course (only 7,000 people went on to get a passing grade) and the system handled them OK. You can accept much less profit per student when you've got a thousand times as many students. Of course, there are more experiments needed to determine whether they can provide useful credentials people will get their wallets out to pay for - but people are used to paying a lot for university courses. If they made just $10 to $100 per student per course they could be looking at some serious money. Yes, I absolutely expect there will be test centres where students pay to sit the exam in exam conditions. There's no other way to produce credible results. But the test centre would only need to be a tarted up cybercafe. Do you envisage the course material and exam being designed by MIT but the exams being administered by some other party, or would the other party also design the exam (as is the case with CFA)? Not all drones have to be quadrotor helicopters; with a fixed wing drone you can glide over your target with the propeller stopped and make very little noise. Well, when public companies plan acquisitions and mergers, it's essentially always claimed that they're going to make the company they acquire more valuable. You spend $100,000,000 of your investors' money on Nullsoft because you think with you on their side, they'll be worth more than $100,000,000. So it comes as a bit of a surprise when they become worth radically less due to mismanagement - not because mismanagement is unusual, but because mismanagement persists in spite of the large costs. Gladwell's theory, as I've heard it, is that mastery demands 10,000 hours of good quality practice. When your developers cost $75 an hour including overheads, paying people for those 10,000 hours is an extremely costly proposition. The article is poorly written. Points 1 and 2 are about knowing yourself and your own rhythm, making one think the article is about caring for one's own mental health while working long hours. Point 3, however, is about long hours being performed by one's employees. That third point makes it sounds like the article is not about a person who has themselves worked ridiculously hard, but about someone who has cracked the whip over people working ridiculously hard, giving advice to others who want to do the same thing. Understandably, people are a lot less sympathetic to this! When I say $75 an hour including overheads I don't mean a salary of $150,000 - I mean a salary of $60,000 plus tax plus health insurance plus pension contribution plus office space plus a desk plus a computer plus the calls to IT Helpdesk plus the line manager's time plus any commercial software plus other developers' time coaching plus the 20% cut paid to the recruiter plus the HR and payroll people's time plus networking and internet connection plus the backed up storage space on file and mail servers plus the car parking space plus a phone line plus cleaning plus the break room food and coffee. Of course these things are company-dependent, but I'm a comparatively junior developer and for purposes of internal costing my employer costs my time at $75 an hour. When I was in college, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket was eating badly instead of eating well for two weeks. Now I have a regular job, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket is much lower - I'll have to wait a few weeks until I buy that DVD box set of 'House MD'. So now I can buy tickets that before I could not afford. Have I become a more dedicated Louis CK fan? Or have I just become a richer fan? You know how web developers are constantly bitching about incompatibilities between web browsers and javascript engines? That's how. Well, a lot of recruiters present themselves to employers as helping with their recruitment problems, rather than exacerbating them. The "rational" thing for a recruiter to do is to post fake jobs with huge salaries to jobs boards to get in resumes; and to offload filtering for quality onto clients so as to get more volume through; to shop resumes around clients in descending salary order so lower paying places only get candidates rejected by other employers; and as soon as the contingency fee comes through, to call the employee at work and try to get them to hop somewhere else so you can collect another contingency fee. If all recruiters did this no-one would work with recruiters - businesses only work with recruiters because those recruiters claim they aren't going to act in this ("rational") manner - they claim they're going to look out for the client's interests. For a recruiter to make this claim while simultaneously proving it false shows a bit of cheek, and obviously makes one doubt the sincerity of the claim.