It also assumes all bots are intending malice. Some advertisers automatically trigger videos on sites so they can review/categorize the content (see if it's porn). They do that with the intent of making ad purchases, so it's actually desirable bot traffic. But then you'd be able to reduce things down to a relatively short writing curriculum. Many university courses involve writing, but they are not primarily designed to improve students writing. Some universities force students who are behind in writing to take courses to catch up before they can even enroll in the normal liberal arts classes. You have to be decent at writing before they'll even let you read Foucalt. Things seem extremely nice in go when you start out in go and see "go get", but then you'll quickly ram into not wanting the latest master, and then get extremely puzzled about how to do library dependencies. I wish I saw some sort of consensus on library dependencies in that thread. Too much of our work build relies on setup scripts. I have to disagree with the definition: "A recommendation engine is a feature (not a product) that filters items by predicting how a user might rate them." The feature bit is correct, but the rating bit might not be. People very often give high ratings to things they are not interested in. People may highly rate jewelry that they cannot afford, or give a five star rating to a movies considered classics, that they don't actually want to view. What you are trying to optimize is ultimately purchasing, continued subscription, ad views, or some other profit metric. That can be hard to directly measure, so something like ratings can be a stand in, but you may accidentally optimize for something deeply undesirable like recommending expensive jewelry to everyone that they will never buy. Business owners would love if there were some exam which accurately informed them about who to hire, and there has been no shortage of attempts to create such a thing. The problem is, most of the characteristics needed seem to be things we don't understand, or don't know how to quantify. Greatly complicating things is the fact that you often don't need to know anything in particular to succeed. There is no shortage of people who learned on the job and became successful. Filtering out such people with an exam may badly damage your hiring. It's clearly not true that female lead characters don't exist. What seems to be the issue for this girl is that they don't exist in games she actually wants to play. I'd note that she complains about games where the protagonist has no identifiable gender, or is an animal. That's often done quite intentionally to dodge try to dodge this problem. Our coworkers suffer, but so do the people I know who work in completely different industries. I have no idea how the tech industry compares to other industries in terms of treatment of women. What I can say for certain is that we do not have the amazing complaints of cocaine fueled parties filled with hookers that seem to regularly emerge from the world of finance. I'd be curious if the content of these posts is genuinely worse than the things they say to each other with boring old human speech. Just because the awful-ness isn't normally shouted into a megaphone, doesn't mean it's not there. My high school shortened the lunch break because of how horrible the girls were being to each-other when they had free time. Not effective of course. Reputable + April Fools joke = ? While I'm sure there is some truth to this, you do run into the problem that people don't want to admit the mundane reasons they do things sometimes. People join armies all the time because they need a job, but if you ask I'm sure many of them will tell you it's due to a more personal reason or nationalistic pride. That's not confined to the military of course. It seems almost rude to admit you do your job to get a pay check in many occupations.