As far as I understood the article, David had this accident in Argentina and the local authorities are investigating the matter. Daniel then left the country, going back to Brazil. Presumably -- but this is pure speculation on my part -- they asked him to return, in order to answer questions, and he declined. Argentina issues an international arrest warrant, so they can interview him. Daniel travels overseas, immigration at the airport scans his passport, the arrest warrant pops up. Everything from that point is purely automatic. Its language semantics are a sweet spot for me. And in my kind of web applications I handle massive load via HTTP Caching, leaving your "fast" language without cache-aware architecture far behind, thank you very much. The language does not implement caching. Your application architecture needs to take server caching into account. And in my experience, devs who focus so much on the "fast language" part, do so, because they don't actually know much about caching. And no, this statement is not universally qualified. I don't understand why you would want to implement HTTP caching in a language's runtime. Honestly, I don't even see where and how you could even do that. Of course "you don't implement caching". I think it was clear that I was talking about designing a cache-aware application. Cf. http://www.mnot.net/cache_docs/ . Okay, then I misunderstood where you were getting at. My fault. No, it didn't. The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit did. I have played with GPG time and again, my Enigmail/Thunderbird/OpenPGP card setup is fully functional. But what's holding me back is webmail. I don't use the web interface often, but it has proven to be absolutely crucial to be able to get some important mail (boarding pass, mail explaining how to get somewhere etc.) from any computer. Doesn't help. First, I'm not remotely interested in running my own mail infrastructur anymore. Been there, done that. Today it's much too hard to get mails accepted by others. But more important: iPads don't have an USB connector, my mobile phone doesn't have one. Friends have Macs, in other places there might be other crippled devices. The web is a universal building block. USB sticks are not. A password manager does not encrypt or sign mails.