Encryption would only stop attackers that are too stupid to grab the encryption key that would be sitting right next to the database. Browser would need to decrypt it, after all, and if browser can so can anyone else. The violation is that adblockers were blocking ads in other 3rd party apps. Manipulating other apps is the violation. This has nothing do with the blocking ads on the web like people are saying. These instead block ads in things like Angry Birds and other apps. > First, Android hasn't solved the updating problem. Sure it has - buy a nexus device, get updates. The rest isn't Google's problem as they aren't Google's devices. > It lacks code-signing Wrong. > Apps have access to a shell. So? The shell they can access can't do anything the app can't. That's like saying apps can run code - no shit, what's your point? > App Permissions, though many people think they help with this problem, actually have nearly no effect whatsoever on the ability to root/jailbreak/privilege escalate on Android. Of course they don't, because those are completely unrelated. iOS's code signing and other stuff hasn't stopped it from getting jailbroken. Complex systems have bugs, who'd have guessed it? Also rooting is an actual feature on some Android phones (such as all Nexus ones) - not an exploit. > Apps can dynamically update their own code at runtime. Yup, and as a result Android users get to enjoy real web browsers, for example. And languages with JITs. > If you wanted to develop a mobile/embedded platform to bring a new generation of users onto the web and into your customer base, you should have spent about 5 minutes figuring out how to do it without opening them up to harm. Android is the way it is because it wasn't believed these design features (aka safety) couldn't be included in the beginning. Wrong. Android is easily the most securely designed OS out there that still allows side loading, period. Not claiming it is the most secure, as there are obviously bugs, but the most securely designed. Desktop OSes are incredibly bad here, and iOS only manages to prevent it by stripping you of all your freedom. Gmail's IMAP supports the IMAP push extensions. I don't know if Apple's Mail app supports them or uses them, but just because it's IMAP doesn't mean it isn't push. Of course they don't deny indirect because that would be a lie. Everyone provides data indirectly via a thing called "warrants". Google publishes how many indirect requests they comply with right here: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests Kind of like this? http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests If you believe this "PRISM" thing exists at all how the media is painting it, your data isn't safe in ANYONE'S hands. Google has way better lawyers to fight that stuff (and clearly DO fight this stuff - see the National Security Letters thing) than most other cloud companies. Google & Facebook have literally said exactly that. You are just refusing to believe them for some reason. False, national intelligence is still covered by Google's transparency report - see the NSL (National Security Letters) part. Google has been by far unquestionably, undeniably the MOST transparent. They were the ones that started disclosing government requests in the first place. They are the ones currently fighting against National Security Letters as being unconstitutional in the courts. If you can find a more transparent company when it comes to government data requests I would love to know about that company. And no shit Facebook and Google are in damage control mode. They'd be in damage control mode regardless of if they are guilty or innocent, this is a huge PR disaster for both of them and nobody seems to give a shit what the facts are - this went from a few bad power point slides to national panic overnight.