Agreed, and it may be pedantic of me, but I fail to see the Lisp-ness of this; merely using a defun function and a list data structure does not qualify. I realize this is not the forum for this, but hopefully it will serve as a warning to others: the linked article does not scroll on the iPhone (horiz or vert orientation). "Cool" layouts are all fun and games, but usability is king. I am currently in Paris and based on this city (for sure!) and actually a lot of my other international experiences: it seems to be a uniquely American idea that the public sometimes has human needs. I say that kind of tongue in cheek, but to prevent every European from flaming me: I really am trying to understand what the alternative is that other countries are practicing. Drink less? More stamina? Or, as in Sydney: just find a convenient wall? This may not help your particular situation, but I'd urge you to try VLC ( http://videolan.org/ ) since it has awesome support for playing YouTube videos. It requires that you paste the YouTube URL into its "Open Network Stream" dialog, but is otherwise painless. Almost anything has to be better than using Media Player Classic. It probably does not, but probably could: JDownloader ( http://jdownloader.org/home/index?s=lng_en ) claims allow access to the content on those type sites. However, having said that, there are probably clear legal lines between merely making a torrent file for any given content and actively circumventing interstitials. IANAL. I will need you to cite your source on that claim. I have the original Blue, with the chip to which you refer, and can assure you that it is not the same chip as in "chip and pin". It was marketed by Amex with a special RFID-esque reader that was designed to unlock your Amex "password vault" or some such silliness. It was such a flop that the new Amex cards have switched to actual RFID (or similar technology) for use in "Speed Pay" or whatever, in that you need not take your card out of your wallet to buy things at CVS or Whole Foods (for example). My company ( http://guidewire.com/ ) sponsors that work, and our developers have been using the DCEVM for day-to-day work for a couple of months now. It seems pretty stable. I think you're thinking of NaCL ( http://code.google.com/p/nativeclient/ ) In contrast, Google Frame is designed to make the deployment hassle for new browsers simpler (user still clicks on "The Internet"). And is community built, so please contribute your CD listings. I don't have any experience with their audio file (MP3, AAC, etc) fingerprinting, but I can tell you it's a great experience to pop in a freshly purchased CD and have MusicBrainz find it. I know that experience comes from some other kind soul having input the CD, so I try very hard to make sure I do the same. I have two comments about that, one idealistic and one pragmatic. If I am not mistaken, the state-centric view taken by the founders was to afford the people a vote-by-shoe-leather system. It literally was: "if you don't like it here, leave" but without the bile. Also, as was mentioned elsewhere in this thread, in order for your interests to "win" in a federally-scoped election, you have to convince a ton more people, who [as members of other states, natch] quite possibly have a very different life situation than you do. In order for your interests to prevail in a state-scoped election, you only have to convince a smaller set of voters who are very likely in your same situation.