It seems to me that Git's ecosystem is rather more developed than Subversion's, despite its younger age. I haven't seen any hosting service for Subversion repositories that approaches GitHub (and even `gitweb` is pretty nice actually) and the amount of stuff in e.g. http://git.or.cz/gitwiki/InterfacesFrontendsAndTools is pretty huge compared to what I've seen for SVN. When it comes to documentation, not only is the reference manual excellent in the usual way of Unix reference manuals, but I also know of six tutorial Git books, several of which are free online: the Git User's Manual, the Git Community Book, Git Magic, Pragmatic Version Control Using Git, Pro Git, and Git Internals. As I said in another comment (now deleted), I'm using Subversion on a project for the first time in years, and I constantly find myself wishing the project was using Git. I've found git pretty frustrating to learn too. darcs is a lot easier. Still, it sure is more powerful than SVN, and once you know what you're doing (and maybe have a cheat-sheet handy) it isn't much harder to use. You know, transmitting video has proven to be a pretty important tool for fighting world hunger and various kinds of oppression; when it's possible to see the problems other people are experiencing, it's a lot easier to empathize with them. So it might not be a great idea to let one company decide how our video-transmitting technology is going to work and who gets to use which parts of it. To be more concrete, imagine: "The video you have selected ("russians_in_tskhinvili_getting_shelled.wmvx") is not viewable in your region ("Georgia"). Please contact your system vendor for a software upgrade if this region is not correct." "New Adobe Explosion 2012 offers video content providers a usage-tracking feature, which provides accurate statistics on the age and gender breakdown of their viewing audience, enabling video content providers to micro-target advertising content. *Information about users' identities will not be disclosed except pursuant to an order from a court in one of the following jurisdictions: United States, China, India, Saudi Arabia, or Germany.)" "The United States Trade Representative is pleased to announce a new accord with Brazil, addressing both American media companies' concerns related to rampant Brazilian internet piracy and the new Brazilian military government's concerns related to subversive content from overseas. Under the accord, effective starting 2Q 2011, only properly licensed video codec software from Adobe, Microsoft, or Apple will be permitted in Brazil." "We're sorry, but the license for the software that created this audio file ("Grandpa Telling Us About His Mother.flvx") has expired. Please contact the content provider to request that they renew their license in order to access the content." That's really nice. I'd love to see the code, even if there are other "something similar"s in Ruby. Did you actually implement the entire x86 instruction set, or just the parts of it you have used so far? Many businesses have their own photocopiers, fax machines, and PBXs, do their own accounting, maintain their own supplier lists, provide support to their own customers when they have problems, and pay their own employees, even though you can outsource each of these services. Sometimes the problems of outsourcing a business function are greater than the benefits of the enhanced specialization. For several years now, the vast majority of companies that have an internet connection have had some of their internet-connected computers inside their own companies, and others somewhere else, like a colocation center. Even though AWS is pretty awesome, I don't expect that to change anytime soon; the balance will shift back and forth according to things like available technology, legal liability, experienced quality of service, and so on. Just a means to an end, when they started out doing that — hopefully that remains the case. What do you think a non-broken replacement for DNS would be like? I agree that DNS is pretty broken, and it's a really important problem to solve. I was hoping you might have insights on what to do ;) Like pop songs in that study where they divided people into groups and had them rate songs? It seems almost inevitable. That sort of positive feedback can make a system more sensitive, but it can also make it unstable, amplifying noise until it overwhelms small signals. My third connection is that, if your hypothesis is correct (and I'm pretty sure it is) you would tend to expect comment karma to be distributed according to a Zipf distribution. Google Web Accelerator.