Agreed. We should be paid much more for building these apps that transfer so much wealth to investors. As far as I can tell the folks who do the actual work of making software companies money receive far too small a share of the proceeds. Bernie's fans aren't liberals in the sense of the word as describes Democrats who are "liberal" (please see: "New Democrats", "Democratic Leadership Council"). Possibly. Also, due to the nature of trading, they may have been wiped out in this hypothetical "reverse all trades" scenario before they were in reality. For example, they could have had one potent stochastic windfall early in their career that, had it gone the other way, would have wiped them out. The workers ("staffed") in the FDA are (mostly, probably) people who want to help but the bureaucrats in charge are part of the political system (e.g. lobbyists, political insiders, etc.). I think you're conflating the workers of the FDA with the people who, ultimately, guide it and make decisions. This isn't to say the leadership of the FDA is compromised by or somehow beholden to "Big Pharma" or some such. I certainly wouldn't disagree that we need rigorous demonstrations of efficacy and safety for medicines and devices, but I question in what manner and capacity the FDA is actually structured to pursue that end. Surely you're exaggerating. You can create a toy program or even a very basic (most likely web-based application) that solves some problem in a weekend, but there really are very few lucrative companies or ideas that can be accurately "tried out" in a single weekend. If these companies are "seed" stage companies, then I'd argue it isn't that any bar has been raised, but that "seed" has come to mean something entirely different. Any company that has $800k MRR is (well) past seed-stage. What users want is the same thing consumers of products have wanted forever: to pay the least and get the most they can. The whole "free with in-app purchases" model was driven by users' unwillingness to pay for apps. So in some sense this nickel-and-dime thing is a self-inflicted wound. On the other hand, (we) developers ought to be smart enough to figure out how to handle that. Have you heard of the term/phrase "bro science" with respect to weight lifting? I'd draw an analogy between them. Clarification: what I mean is there is a lot of ad-hoc stuff in these blogs that may be narrowly true or applicable to a given project or subset of a domain, but generally there is either significant evidence against some of these blogs' contents or the contents themselves have absolutely no formal, rigorous support. I'm not entirely in agreement. Use of object-oriented programming paradigms here would merely distribute the logic that is necessary to achieve the desired mapping over multiple points in the code. The example function presented is only marginally too complicated. I'd split it in two: one to obtain the book list given the same arguments as the example function, and one taking the result as its only argument to build the mapping. I find myself shying away from rigorous adherence to encapsulation more and more these days. I prefer small functions that operate on data explicitly. Edit: and I'm a bit confused how the example has anything to do with "JSON-driven development", other than the coincidence that a hash/dictionary is the core data structure being manipulated here. This example function could exist and be (mostly) reasonable had JSON never existed. I'd expect to see an argument that the JSON serialization schemes that abound are problematic, given the title. Sometimes many different values are related to each other and it is useful to keep them close together for explicitness (and other reasons). And better testability.