To participate, you can donate here: https://givedirectly.org/give-basic-income (They're also listing fee-less Alternative Donation Options there, but I can't quite figure out how to use those to donate to this specific experiment.) I mean... AirBnB or Uber? If some of them set up schools or other things that benefit the local community as a whole, wouldn't that be far better than someone developing some app or something and probably moving to the West and earn shitloads of money? Depends on how casual :P But probably not. (Edit: Note: I mean you don't _have_ to. You might like the performance increase, but if you only use it casually, even that might not be worth the trouble.) Not perfect, but: https://whispersystems.org/blog/signal-desktop/ React's virtual DOM has a far smaller performance impact than the web components polyfills have... Matching Firefox in functionality is quite an undertaking, so for the short to mid term, the former is far more likely to be successful. That said, I think Servo has a bright future ahead as well, even before the long term. For example, matching the functionality of embedded rendering engines for hybrid apps is far more likely, and Servo has its speed as a major advantage over the competition. And who knows, it might make it into Firefox for Android :) > Good journals, in theory, are more selective about what they publish It should be noted that this selectivity is not just on quality, but also e.g. on how "groundbreaking" the results are. This results in papers in top journals actually being retracted more often than in others, since they're more likely to be false. Because there are more than a single one :) Obligatory: https://xkcd.com/927/ I wonder if, in a year or two, this will affect the Impact Factor of these journals - i.e. will their articles be cited less often now academics have (theoretically) no access to it? And then a few years later, will this the number of articles submitted drop as well? (Assuming, of course, that no agreement will be reached at all.) By boycotting?