Bringing the Google ad network to old media "will be a real challenge," says Greg Sterling, an independent analyst at Sterling Market Intelligence. "The ability to serve a relevant ad against someone's query is one of the great innovations of the Internet, and it's not transferable to other media, where people are more passive." Unless you acquire a lot of bandwidth and put yourself in the middle of the media stream... The president of Evans Data doesn't know that "data" is plural? It has become common - acceptable depends on your willingness to cede precision and expressiveness in the language. And it doesn't inspire confidence that I am more pedantic about this than the president of a company the name of which includes the word "data". I wouldn't have suspected video to be the optimal medium for displaying the contents of a notebook. And I think I would have been right. usenet? There were plenty of automobiles around in 1965. I think they even had helicopters way back then. Maybe competition between roads would reduce the time spent at tolls. Also, presumably, unmanned toll booths would be used. You may currently be spending more than $1400 to the government to pay for government roads. With competitive incentives in road placement and size, you might save more than enough time to offset the transaction costs. You seem to be asserting that consumers are not better off with the airlines deregulated. Although I hate air travel and everyone likes to complain about it, I don't think you can argue that, as government has been removed from airline regulation, air travel has become vastly more cheaper and available to more people and that it is possible to reach many more locations by plane. Similarly for another high fixed cost industry which you cite - telecommunications. Free markets might not solve everything, but they're almost always better than the alternatives. As examples of the alternatives, consider the postal service, government-run schools, Medicare and welfare. It's hard to know. Presumably the system would look different today if the government had not distorted it in that way. Perhaps if market incentives were allowed to operate instead of the land being taken, we would all be flying around in the jet cars we expected. That's great if everyone agrees to put nostrademons in charge. Instead what you get is: "When schoolchildren start paying union dues, that's when I'll start representing the interests of schoolchildren." -- The late Albert Shanker, former president of the American Federation of Teachers, 1985