Finally something I know about. Feel free to ask and I will try to answer :-) On 2.: you decide who you share with. People can follow you but they won't see anything you don't share with them. Absolutely yes. But of course it depends. Making sure to stay in the drivers seat instead of selling out to a big company was the first step. Of course, if corruption is rampant everywhere this is much harder. Also setting targets and staying true to them seems to be important. Today the target is not to use anything from their oil fortune except the interest. This is something they seem to fight about every year but the majority seems to say no to the party idea every time. The nearest I come to knowing anything about this is having used a waterproof camera-on-a-cable hooked up with fishing gear. (However good friend of mine has worked on support vessels in the North Sea and had some amazing stories, complete w/pictures of big angler fish, Lophius piscatorius I think, caught with high end ROVs.) Partly agree. For now it seems to be keeping them afloat into 2050 or something provided they don't come up with something really stupid before that. After that they have the worlds 3rd largest Thorium reserve. One good thing I think is at least they are not spending it as they extract it, rather investing it globally. Or ctrl + a in some cases (unixy thing, works in linux terminals as well) A gentle pop over telling them the phone number to customer support? Next day the email address to helpdesk, next email address to executives etc Still faster than the download - wait for Acrobat/Foxit Reader - wait for marginally faster loading document cycle anyway isn't it? There are some interesting stories out on the internet (google for "419 eater" or "scam baiting".) Unlike this story they are often well documented (and in some cases, funny, like tricking the scammer into providing a c64 carved out of hardwood.) Be sure to read their guidelines before trying anything similar as scambaiting can be dangerous. Posted as a response to "Scammed". This site contains a lot of stories as well as a brief on ethics amd, -ahem, basic HSE info for people wanting to get involved.