How about just googling it? "ua 941" what about gopher:// !!!! No discussion of C++ should go without mentioning the C++ FQA (Frequently Questioned Answers). It carefully explains every single thing wrong with the language, and there's a LOT to explain. http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ Skip to http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/defective.html for a great overview. And if anyone ever mentions "templates" again I'm gonna smack them hard. Considering Nolan has managed to tank a number of startups over his lifetime post-Atari, I'm guessing he has experience from the other end. Anyone still holding uWink stock out there? I'll second that. Qt is a beautiful toolkit. It's just enough C++ to be useful, and avoids all the templates and obnoxious flotsam that makes that language such a horror. Signals and slots work great, and other tools (qmake for example) are a pleasure to use. I just take it as an indication that people in the IT/computer fields just don't have any exposure to this kind of work, and they are curious about it. How many kids graduating with a CS or IT degree today have ever wired up a circuit? Or played with a microprocessor and hooked something up to it? I bet that number is smaller than you think. GPS won't help you enter a URL from a magazine ad. QR is a nice idea, fills a niche, and since you don't need a standalone barcode reader like the CueCat anymore this might have a chance here in the USA. Threading. Which is what Wave is trying to offer. Yeah, some of us are late on this story. Considering a second HN post just above this one (The girl who cried webmaster) refers to the same story, and the original post on that blog was deleted, I have no backstory. Can someone fill us in? I'm in agreement with the article, but I think it's more of a way to leverage a bit more publicity for the Pre. It can go both ways: 1) Apple does nothing and Pre makes it a selling point, or 2) Apple sues them and Palm makes themselves the victim, crying for equal rights for all media devices under iTunes. Palm gets publicity as the underdog, and Apple is the big bad Death Star. At best, Palm capitalizes on the anti-Apple sentiment out there. At worst...the Pre loses syncing?