> There is, it's called "Chinese OEM manufacturers". > (Yes, I know that an 'OEM manufacturer' is like an 'ATM machine'.) OEM means "Original Equipment Manufacturer". > When things like this happen, I always hope that consumers that got screwed over by the deal (and people that hear about it) avoid the acquiring company after the fact. If they treat pebble customers like this, how will they treat their own customers later? Well, the CEO of Pebble Technology, Corp is joining YC. Also, the services aren't shutting down right away. If everyone gets their money back, the major downside is the lack of warranty and the lack of fixes to the product. Especially any security & reliability fixes. As a Pebble 2 owner who is happy with the product as-is I am not sure if I should be happy I did receive my Pebble 2. You're missing my point. "OEM manufacturer" would mean "original equipment manufacturer manufacturer". > My only complaint is they try and be clever and detect when you move your wrist up to look at it, so it auto-shows you notifications. This sucks because it's not totally reliable (so half the time I press the button to bring up notifications and it ends up dismissing them because they are already in view, and other times it triggers due to an incorrect motion). I wish you could turn that off but I haven't found a way yet. The Pebble watchface Time Orbit by Spectre Collie has the very same problem. I love the watchface looks, but if you tilt it, it decides to show other info such as date. It is a usability problem. There's a rather large difference between the Vector and Pebble though. I checked various Vector watches and saw most at 500 USD, with one at 400 USD. So the cheapest Vector appears to be about 4 times more expensive than a Pebble 2 Classic. I don't know, that just doesn't seem like a fair comparison. > but a lot of other Pebble users are pointing to this one as an alternative. Yeah, that's all nice, but what about the price comparison? I had a look and the cheapest Vector I found was 400 USD. In contrast, the Pebble 2 via Kickstarter cost 100 USD (OK, with VAT and S&H it was 115 USD for me). > I couldn't find anything about that, so it doesn't look like it supports that yet. But I assume that it is being developed. You see, that's the problem. Pebble has been around for multiple years and had an ecosystem going. A lot of applications and watchfaces with functionality. Pebble 2 versions also have a HRM. A Core would have a GPS. You wouldn't even need a phone w/that. My Pebble 2 sync with Google Fit as well. That's a big plus for sports like running and hiking (running with a phone sucks, esp as phones become larger and larger). Vector looks classy, like a Pebble Round I guess, and it has a huge benefit in 30 days battery. Even if your battery is starting to wear out you'll still be able to use it for a long time, unlike the one day flies like Samsung and Apple. What Samsung and Apple have going for it, is research into usability. I'm not saying they're there yet but their products are iterations on usability R&D. The usability isn't quite there yet. That's why smartwatches aren't there yet. People know this. They read reviews. They speak to people who got the watch. I saw someone with a Vector saying they had a scratch on their screen. I'm worried about the same on my Pebble 2. Previously, I'd just buy a new one (a new official screen for my phone would cost 85 EUR; which is a lot less than the average SGS or iPhone). I really wouldn't want that on a 400 USD product without knowing beforehand how much a fix would be. One thing I still miss with my Pebble is a simple shop list on my watch. I end up grabbing my phone while in the grocery store for Google Keep just waiting for that day a kid runs into me and oops, it falls, ca-ching 85 EUR new screen. Agreed. TANSTAAFL, and I guess it is the old left (as in everyone equal) vs right (free choice) debate. We get free bread for lunch. Cool, but I don't wanna eat bread. Coffee is free. Cool, but it is bad quality, my el cheapo espresso machine at home is even better. Plus I'll experience a massive down in the evening. Oh hey, not the employer's problem. I've never seen free soda anywhere, but the thing is: it is just a lot of sugar, with too little water. I won't drink that if I get paid for it. At least water is free, and that's important in the summer. I'm free to go grab a cup, and the walk is healthy, too. Then there's these parties 'for team spirit', with all kind of fried food. Cool. Guess who pays for that? Screw all this. Like you said; "I'd rather get paid a little bit more." Gee, I really screwed up there with reading and comprehending. I don't know what I was thinking. You're right, of course. I find it plausible that self driving cars with the same software can perfectly understand each other via predefined behaviour patterns. If you follow that premise, it becomes less safe to drive manually. So, under this premise, the modus operandi is to be automatic pilot instead of manual where perhaps manual driving is even illegal because it is less predictable. The question wouldn't be, if this change happens; its when . Where's the turning point? One could argue its up to our politicians to decide. I'd be interested in data from other trends such as smoking. When was the turning point there, and what was the "market penetration" of smokers vs non-smokers or proponents and opposers? > very specific and nonintuitive usage of "free" Supposedly it is because the word libre isn't recognized well enough in English. Quoting: "To emphasize that “free software” refers to freedom and not to price, we sometimes write or say “free (libre) software,” adding the French or Spanish word that means free in the sense of freedom. In some contexts, it works to use just “libre software.”" And: "We stand for freedom, and we show it every time—by saying “free” and “libre”— or “free (libre)”." https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/floss-and-foss.en.html Perhaps liberty software or liberal software would work... > If Google wants to charge Apple iPhone prices, they can't continue with Google level service. This differs per jurisdiction, but in general you are entitled by law to receive a working device without flaws. In my jurisdiction this even extends beyond warranty. For example, you can expect a car, a door, or a guitar to work beyond 2 years. This law is irregardless of what you paid for the product or what the perceived quality is. The law even extends to software updates (security & reliability fixes). As for Apple, they managed to ship my MBP 2010 with a broken discrete GPU yet fail to replace it. They also try to scam customers into buying extended warranty which basically is an anti harassment tax.