Been looking for an answer to a related question on this. DRM technologies like "white box crypto," seem to be designed for the same use case. Is encoding sensitive operations in an application using these techs not a viable medium term mitigation as well? As a rider who has done some reading into the history, one of the things modernity does overlook is how horsemanship provided a practical philosophical basis for human morality. Going back to Xenophon (and Simeon before him), who wrote one of the earliest surviving treatises on horsemanship, the personal qualities it takes to ride and train were also the basis for leadership. Xenophon's work on the Cavalry General is mainly practical and tactical, but expands on some of the principles of horsemanship - a key one being, "nothing forced can be beautiful." The essence of it is that because they are prey animals, good horsemanship is necessarily an exercise in leadership. Dom Duarte's 13th century treatise (next on my list) is also about the moral qualities for horsemanship, and the classic "education of the king," by Pluvinel is about educating the king of France as a horseman, with an eye to developing the king as a leader. IMHO, officer training has always included horsemanship because it develops a kind of physical presence and fearlessness required to get people to follow them willingly. Glad to see something like this mentioned on HN, as revisiting the cultivation of leadership through physical and moral exercise is something we in tech could certainly benefit from. There's a unity of the set. The qualities of good horsemanship are essentially moral and physically cultivated qualities, and among those is the ability to be recognized as a leader and followed willingly by another creature in nature. I am saying the qualities that people recognize as leadership and follow willingly, are moral qualities that can be developed and taught, and there is a history of those being taught through horsemanship. A technology change in the 1730s made horses viable viable plow animals. It was a lighter metal plow (name escapes me), and ploughmen switched from oxen to horses. Horses were previously used mainly for military and business transportation via carriage and carts, but this change made them economical for farmers and ploughmen. Thing is, the temperament and intelligence of horses were different, and the non-military horseman as a profession was born. That was the origin of a lot of the so-called "gypsy," mysticism about "whispering," as there were tricks of the trade that ploughmen used to protect their business. The history is fascinating, and not unlike the way crypto is today. Where a former exclusively military technology proliferated to a trade class, who organized to "professionalize," it to preserve the integrity and value of its secrets. They formed something called "the society of the horseman's word," which was a pseudo-masonic group modeled after what Millers had done in their own trade. There is a bunch of hocus pocus around their history, but viewed as a trade association or guild, it makes economic sense. According to a history of ploughman culture, it was a lighter metal plow that made them economical vs. oxen in the 1730s. They are things that take physical work to achieve. Patience: it's an animal, it doesn't care what you want, but with work and education, you both transform. Perseverance: incremental work, with a living being that isn't subject to reasoning, is what makes the most change. Ownership and Obligation: the animal is your responsibility, it does not have responsibility, you own your failures. Decisiveness: related to ownership. Benevolence: xenophon's "nothing forced is beautiful," and (I think la Guerieniere's) "ask much, be content with little, reward often." exemplify these. Takt: the ability to express your intent simply, unambiguously, consistently, and with a stable emotional presence. Temperence, moderation, and sympathy: this is a living thing you can't just threaten into submission. Magnanimity: the animal is going to test you constantly, and you have to be greater than it. There are other aspects that the words we use today have been freighted with inaccurate critical interpretations, but they are similar to the Aristotelian virtues. These (among many) in addition to exercising the physical experience of leading, which means to be followed willingly. You learn how you don't just read about something and become it. Not disputing horse collar. Point made in a history of horsemanship (an in turn ploughman trades) was that the trade of ploughmen in england moved away from oxen more to horses as the result of a change in plough design. This excerpt may have been the design change that was referenced. "There was little attempt to change the design of the plough until the mid 1600's with the Dutch being among the first in improving its shape. This change in shape was soon discovered in Northern England and Scotland with Joseph Foljambe from Rotherham building and patented a plough having what was described as, the perfect implement then in use." " http://www.ploughmen.co.uk/about-us/history-of-the-plough" Perhaps there is a more direct way to discredit the implications of my original post? Activity friends are key, but that requires activities. The traditional networks around things like churches, rotary, clubs, chambers of commerce, masonry, hunt camps, golf, sailing, and political parties still exist and are open to members. They do require a level of sincerity and self acceptance that is perhaps outside the comfort zones of many younger people, but arguably so do friendships. Friendships for men in particular are fraught in the best of circumstances, but it's an extra challenge to live in a city and become someone other men respect enough to keep around over the long term. I interpret that there is an implication in what is described in the article that, when you set the region on your apple device, you get region specific iCloud keys provisioned to it. If that were the case, there is no reason why you couldn't provision from to an HSM domain that hadn't had its keys shredded. The implied architecture is there is a secure element on the phone with a unique key provisioned to it during manufacture - likely one that is derived from one of the HSM keys at Apple. However, since Apple cannot produce this individual device key themselves to do 3rd party device decryption, they must generate keys randomly in SE hardware on the device, using the user PIN as a derivation component - and somehow use SE firmware to set a fuse on the number of PIN tries. I don't know specifically how Apple does this, but the list of secure/viable approaches is short. (edit: unnecessary if they shred hsm keys.) I don't doubt Apple's integrity on this, given the heat they have taken over it in the west. But an "adaptation" of their infrastructure to serve that regional market wouldn't surprise me either. I'm skeptical of any scheme, and one that isn't presented in BAN logic tends to mean protocol designers have handwaved over where they are hiding things. Good examples of this notation are here. ( http://www.lsv.fr/Software/spore/table.html ). If they have weakened the scheme, the technical ways Apple may have conceded to Chinese requirements, are all discoverable. Breakable? I doubt that's viable given the security difference is an HSM with shredded keys vs. one where the keys still exist somewhere (probably in a duplicate HSM that operates the decryption service for Chinese govt). So still at least as good as any EMV payment system. We can speculate about how this is implemented but reality is tech companies while ubiquitous, are not sovereign. Yet, anyway. I did not intend to come off as salty as my comment reads either, no snark intended.