>Voila, you have basically got bitpay. Yeah because their service can be reduced to 100 lines of code. Infrastructure, support, all the services they provide anyone could mimic with 100 lines of code, right? That's nonsense. All credit to bitpay for pushing the envelope towards mainstream adoption of Bitcoin. Don't listen to those people. Vim was very much worth the initial learning curve, for me at least. I never really used Sublime that much, so I can't speak for it. Maybe it gives you 80% of vim's productivity for 1/4th of the effort, but make no mistake, vim is an absurdly powerful tool which I'm 99% sure beats Sublime out of the water (though, again, I never got deep into Sublime, so take this with a grain of salt). Oh and the learning curve thing is greatly exaggerated, often by vim users themselves, seeking to brag to everyone about how they mastered the "fearsome learning curve of vim". The fact that that doesn't translate to actual benefits in metrics such as happiness or healthcare or income equality just goes to show how little raw money actually means. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the point of the guy you were arguing with in that thread was that the Ax standard was defined in terms of SI units as the US imperial units are? The very same thing happened in Portugal, where the Ministry of Education's guidelines for gauging teacher performance included taking the mean of a test graded in percentage points with another evaluation on a 1 to 5 scale.. by adding them and dividing by two! Made even more embarrassing by the fact that the Minister is a mathematician. Not that I disagree with you, but illustrating your point by comparing a madly cost-effective ASIC today to a madly overpriced PC several years old is a bit misleading. Why does it break the torrent model? Does it rely on having a "randomized" block download order? I know all that. My point is that in order to make a fair comparison you might as well compare an ASIC with a your point still stands the same . There is absolutely no need to fudge up the numbers because ASICs outclass general purpose hardware by orders of magnitude anyway. It's dishonest and with absolutely no need for it. As an aside, my 2 year old laptop gets 20MH/s and a latest-generation desktop CPU gets close to 100MH/s. If it stands across the board, all the more reason not fudge up by using an overpriced dated laptop as comparison instead of a recent desktop for instance. It would even illustrate the point better (even your "gaming" grade desktop will be orders of magnitude less efficient than a specialized ASIC). Funny how the superfluous Caps Lock key gets replaced with a search key.