I would say college cannot be resold, but it is sold in the first place. I looked up the Wikipedia article for "Economic Bubble", which defined it as "trade in high volumes at prices that are considerably at variance with intrinsic values." A college education is definitely a product, even though it is completely illiquid. I would definitely agree that many or even most people are paying more for college than it is worth, though not in every field and not at every school. I hope your peers aren't unaware of the class privileges they are enjoying. Getting an undergrad and then going into a low-paying service job is tough if you're poor. I just went there. #1 question? "What are the must hit brothels on a biz trip to Prague?" Yeah, that's classy right there. Nitpicky: You don't get a key somewhere. You make your own keypair, and send the public key off to be signed. It costs ~$100/year + you need an IP address, compare that to what I pay for shared hosting ($75/year including domain) and you get your answer. 18/20. Everything but Mattel and Toyota. I didn't know Arial was so ugly before taking this. So I've got a process running as root. I want it to spawn a new process running as user1, in /var/fred, with a pipe to stdin and direct stdout to /var/log/greg. First I create the pipe, then call fork. In the child, I chdir to /var/fred, open /var/log/greg, run fdup2 on the pipe and on the handle to /var/log/greg, setuid to user1, and then finally call exec. Show me an API that can do that without fork. All the popen / spawn / system functions are not system calls but rather library functions which operate by calling fork. XIBs are hardly magic. Make some UI objects in a XIB. They're just serialized to the XIB. "Outputs" are just fields with values. "Actions" are just objects and method names. What this solves is that it's a pain to position UI elements with hand-coded coordinates. It also gets in the way of localizing the UI. You can't always just use the same UI in Germany where the words are longer. With XIBs, you just copy the XIB, resize the text boxes as necessary, and enter in the localized text. I would agree, however, if you are writing a game then you wouldn't use XIBs. It's not because XIBs are magic (they're fairly straightforward) but because a game UI is nothing like the UI problem that XIBs were designed to solve. "Reasoning by analogy" The people who made your car were legally required to test your model of car by crashing it into another one and making sure the airbags work. This is also too expensive to test yourself. One does not modify an airbag system at all without retesting it. Your hosting provider has no legal requirement to test their backup system. At best, they have a contractual obligation. And they don't know how to test recovering your site, because testing whether it works is a different process for each site. Additionally, it's cheap to test backup procedures. Most people have a spare computer somewhere (maybe not in the data center), and it should only take a few hours to restore a copy of your site. Once a year. For Chris's sake, you could probably do it in the background and put a movie on. Well, I'm a bit more cynical than you. However, Jack in the Box is probably one of the least likely chains to experience an E. Coli O157:H7 outbreak (since 1993, at least). I think it's more of an observation about which of the two are _real_ men, and less an observation about Google.