You know I think that this means that people should probably think twice before basing a startup on a feature or technology that Google could easily implement. By implement, I mean either have their engineers hack out, or buy. To assume that they will buy it from you is foolish by the way. I'm looking at you two GUBA and Revver, but I may as well be talking about every web 2.0 startup I've had the misfortune of having to look at in the past 12 months. Are there ANY original thinkers out there? Where are you at? Money is waiting for you. I would like, for once, for three kids to come up to me and say that they have World of Warcraft or Second Life running with full 3D hardware acceleration inside of the browser. WITHOUT A GAD BLESSED PLUGIN OR SECURITY WARNING!!! This would be something compelling that is difficult to implement. It is also something that would take people more than 2 weeks to duplicate. Think of it this way, how many people get rich anymore by writing say, IDE's? None, because we all use what Microsoft, Adobe, or Eclipse gives us, for FREE? The same thing will happen very soon with social networking, it will be included with your hosting. Probably by leveraging open source. So everyone will be able to start a story telling site with photo uploading for illustration and social features. However, I think it will be more difficult for someone to make a web based Joost with television recording and social features. So if you can, your asking price just went WAY up kid. The things I have outlined are hard, and that is the point. If I invest in something, I don't want to hear about 35 other startups doing the exact same thing. I'm not just talking about the web 2.0 people here. You would not believe the number of 'Second Life' knockoffs that are about to hit the market. They all expect that 3 to 30 million people will download and install their plugin, or click 'Yes' on their security warning. You know, the one to give this startup you never heard of FULL access to your machine. That's OK though they tell me, because they only need to get the early adopters to spread the word. The TECH SAVVY early adopters. Yeah, you heard me right, the ones MOST likely to know NOT to give a startup they've never heard of full access to their machines! If ANYONE can find a tech startup that doesn't infringe copyrights and actually has technology that would take a minute to develop, I think I would fall over from shock. Sorry about this rant. Just in the office on a Sunday looking at knockoff after knockoff. But hey, I just work for consultants for investors, it's not my money. It is frustrating that no one wants to listen to the minority report though. Dreamweaver is not successful. Analyse Dreamweaver's cost/profit ratio. Remember, Dreamweaver is boxed and sold at retail. The advent of AJAX gave Dreamweaver a little more life, since to make an impressive AJAX page requires a ridiculous amount of not very well structured code. Keeping track of not very well structured code is what IDE's are good at, and what Dreamweaver's target audience is bad at. That said, as a percentage of total revenues, Dreamweaver sucks. Check it out for yourself in Adobe's latest quarterly report: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/sec?s=ADBE Dreamweaver sales were used to bump up the "Developer Solutions" line of the quarterly report. Notice it is a small percentage. This would not be so bad, until you notice that even the line in the quarterly report marked "Other" is bigger! Here's some free advice, do not invest in a startup that plans to make a straight IDE play. Because Eclipse volunteers will be giving it away for free soon. Also, do a search on Expression Studio. It can also be used to make a straight AJAX page without all of the Silverlight CLR garbage. Actually, on a site like Facebook, this idea will obviously be challenged to work AS well as it would on a site like Stardoll or Gaia. That said, the poster is absolutely right, this model is making money hand over fist. For many of these sites, VCs are superfluous. Even Angels are superfluous! I still say that the first kid to come out with a FULLY hardware accelerated 3D game world in the browser WITHOUT security warnings or downloaded plugins will be very rich indeed. If it can be targeted to another market group, do so. If you make, say, tensor analysis software, then your capacity to go after another group is dubious. In this case, it may make sense to go upstream. That is, find out what your customers would use the tensor analysis software for, and offer that service or make that product for your customer's customers. And now for the best option of all, FAIL! You and your startup team were mistaken about something as fundamental as the size of the market you were targeting. Please ponder that fact seriously. Why were you mistaken? Emotional attachment to an idea? "Irrational Exuberance"? Is there reason to believe that decisions taken from this point on will be based upon more factual foundations? Sober answers to all of these questions sound good in interviews for new jobs. Sober answers to these questions sound like music to the ears of Venture Capitalists or Angels when one is starting up a new venture. Fail fast and learn. Then demonstrate that you did so. Wow, Things are developing quickly right now! I know there are a lot of MS detractors here, I still have to say that this software looks like it's for real. I was able to create an address book mash up in 15 minutes. From zero knowledge of what PopFly was, to maps with Flickr photos in them in minutes. I believe a lot of the "ideas" guys out there, who don't have a lot of programming expertise would be well advised to take a look at this. Couple it with Microsoft's hosting and you can probably make compelling sites with little tech expertise. That is, you can make sites as compelling as a lot of the Web 2.0 stuff you see out there, with little tech expertise. Ask.com would be a challenge to build with this, YouTube would be a cinch. You know it is occurring to me as I write this post that we first saw the value of consumer software trend toward zero cost with open source. Then we saw the value of consumer content trending towards zero cost with Napster and later YouTube. I wonder if things like PopFly will make even the value of offering consumer services trend towards zero cost. I am hard pressed to believe that we all can survive on web advertising with 100 other "little guys" doing the exact same thing, only with Microsoft shunting the pure user to their web sites. So if we can charge for very little of this what is left? I guess the model of grabbing the largest audience possible and selling it to Google or Yahoo doesn't look so bad after all. Kid is a good deal more credible than most of the Web 2.0 guys I've listened to. He has a MUCH better idea as well. What? That is a VERY simple assertion relating to something that is a bit more complicated. I think most people here should brush up on the idea of attachment networks, or organizational ecology. I'll give you the short version, the top two companies win where preferential attachment is what determines whether a user stays with you. Of course there are exceptions. For instance, one could be providing information on a web site that would be a challenge to get elsewhere. The Wall Street Journal comes to mind. With these companies, attachment is irrelevant, if a user has a great need for the information s/he MUST go to the Wall Street Journal. Most of the web 2.0 startups I have reviewed, and there have been many, are NECESSARILY based around preferential attachment. I understand this tendency. After all, if startup Y can implement the idea of startup X in less than 3 months time, then startup X will have an issue to deal with. So it is in the interest of startup X to make sure that users prefer them. Add to that the fact that most are banking on providing the user convenient access to his OWN data, and you have the makings of a good number of also rans. I always ask, what happens if the user takes his data elsewhere? "It'll never happen", is usually the answer. I inquire as to the possibility of a recession and a concomitant slow down in internet advertising. Like all of the 25 year old mortgage brokers 4 years ago, most of the founders look at me like I just came from Mars. There is a new economy, get on board or get out of the way. So I walk a little ways off... And wait for the wreck, maybe I can get a good deal on parts. I am of a different opinion than the other posters so far. I believe we are in somewhat of a love fest right now. The number of me-too companies out there keeps growing. I think that the entrepreneurs starting these companies would be well advised to realize that the VC community is actually COUNTING on most of these to fail. So this represents a large number of our brightest young men expending their best efforts on enterprises that everyone accepts will probably ultimately fail. This is concerning for the economists. I was reading on a blog of very good repute this morning about two financing deals that were announced today. One, was for Multiverse. They were given $4.175 million for a post money valuation of right around $10 million. This is familiar to most of us. The second was for HiPiHi. They were given somewhere between $7 Million and $10 Million for a post money valuation of between $70 and $100 Million. Both companies are in the same segment, virtual worlds. Both companies are at the same stage of life. "Why the different valuations?", demanded this blog. HiPiHi is Chinese. Frankly, Chinese entrepreneurs have a better track record with respect to actually having users PAY for their products. EVEN THOUGH THE CHINESE USERS ARE NOTORIOUS PIRATES. Although most of the money was coming from American VCs, the advantage was given to the Chinese team because of this crucial difference. So China's young men are gaining experience building companies, our young men are gaining experience flipping companies. Is there still any hope? Can ANY of you young men see where I'm going with this? It's anyone's guess how the current tech industry story ends. However, from the standpoint of a dispassionate economic analysis it would be thoroughly understandable if it ended poorly.