I dropped Dropbox completely two years ago because I considered them to be insecure and unsafe. (Like all the rest of cloud storage.) I have since set up my own personal cloud. It's more secure and nobody else has any control over it. First world problem. Just appreciate the fact that there IS toilet paper. "Bomber" by Len Deighton. Nothing that you do not control yourself can be considered secure. If you must use a 'cloud storage', consider it to tantamount to be 'in the public domain'. In other words, don't put anything in 'cloud storage' that you would not be happy seeing printed on the front page of the New York Times for all the world to see. Was that -40 F. or -40 C. ? Now -40 K., I'd like to see that! Very Novice user, and coming from a MSDOS background, I habitually logged in as root, even though I had heard dire warnings not to do that. I had lots of dot-directories in /tmp and my disk didn't have a lot of space left. So I typed in rm -rf .* thinking that I was very smart, and would save time by not having to remove each dot-directory separately. After a while, I wondered why it was taking so long and discovered I had very little of my root filesystem left, so I was forced to do a complete reinstall. Needless to say, I always do my day-to-day work now as a lowly common user, and NOT as root. Looks a little like the XFCE Window Manager (the underlying distro could, quite literally, be anything) but I feel the video is too poor to identify anything properly. ALL water has been recycled pee at some time or other over the last four and a half billion years. And a lot of tap water already has some pee in it from birds and animals (as well as the occasional human). The thing about the disruption is that it wouldn't happen if it were predictable. (If it were predictable, the companies would have done something different, and they wouldn't have been disrupted.) So, while predictions can be made, it won't necessarily pan out that they actually occur. The disruption is normally only really apparent in hindsight. In any case, the companies concerned were honestly trying to do their best, not their worst. The first thing I thought of was the grave robbers who plundered the pyramids and other royal burial chambers looking for valuable metals. There are quite a few nice pieces of valuable metal making up that clock. I give it even less than 50 years before it gets looted.