My reading list revolves around two areas which I wish to qualify the following way: Job/Career/Technical competency related: 1. Perl blogs, Iron man blogging challenge, reading modern perl books from chromatic and associated blogs. 2. I make it a point to read whats the next interesting/challenging thing in my area of work. 3. Read questions on PerlMonks, Stackexchange. 4. Other tech stuff. General Hackery: 1. Hacker news. 2. Tidbits collected from twitter and other places. Current affairs. 1. news.google.com As an Indian myself, let me explain how things work here. Like everywhere else there is a regular mix of people in India. But what one needs to really understand is that sheer volume of people in India highlights the rat race that exists in all societies at a level of contrast that attracts these articles. In most cases, the people are from humble beginnings or from small towns and cities. And the effects of the pre FDI days still continue to exist. The mentality among parents is that opportunities are scanty, hence need to be treated precious. This leads a lot of conservative thinking. Actually right from early days of our post-independence era, the only way some one could really well off financially was to either be a doctor, engineer or do a real big business with a lot of initial investment. The other options remained joining the military or civil services. Having said all that opportunities, both in terms of jobs and college seats were very little. Most people in the previous generation have either worked in process based factories, or small time shops like grocery shops or other places. There fore the perception automatically is "study well for a seat in a professional college else you are doomed". Now opportunities being scanty and people looking for them being more, automatically makes people go to the limits to get what they want to get. Hence just to pass exams there are books, guides and tutorials which focus on only scoring marks! Add to that the IT boom has led to opening of "only on paper" kind of colleges where people enroll just to get a degree. I hope by now most people understand why its important. Its important as we have linked education to money, jobs and earnings. The purpose of education is to learn and use the learning to add some value or what pg calls create wealth. Whereas by linking education to all the material stuff we automatically create a rat race. The solution is simple, award work not words(Degree abbreviations) next to one's name. Jobs must be given to one's who can 'do', not the ones who just 'know'. Having said all that, I can honestly say there are a lot of good people who make genuine attempt to learn and build stuff. Its just that our country is really big. And like everywhere else, it will take time to overcome this huge inertia and bring in education reforms. Government is already working towards that, they have introduced laws to bring in Grades in place of Marks and much more is in progress. The problem is people have a notion that people from big-brand colleges will always do well. Though this isn't true always. But I think that helps at some degree in eliminating false positives. From my experience I see, often the best paid are the ones who hop jobs very often. They would have very little experience and ability to work. And often don't work at all. But they would have strong associations/connections and would have worked for big brands. And the HRs hiring some how think that coming out a big brand automatically makes you more qualified for that job. The net result is a certain section of people(inefficient) go round and round every 1.5 years. The same talent pool keeps circulating between companies. Sooner or later their bluff is called and companies reach to a conclusion that there is no good technical talent in India. Which is of course wrong. On the other hand, good folks who tend to hang on for some time learning and working for long term projects are treated badly, denied promotions and hikes. After all this the system still wonders why the good folks are not in enough supply. It's simple, we don't reward meritocracy and we don't get people with merit. Although this seems the easiest way out, but I don't think we should give into the demands of the system. For a while going away to US or the West has been the aim of our youth and needless to say this has caused significant amount of brain drain. The society is resistive to change, but change they will finally some day. For example, a relative of mine immigrated to the US in the 90's. And is a successful doctor there. Now sometimes when he comes back for a vacation he wonders it was not such a good decision after all. There are plenty of opportunities in India. And you can economically well off too. On the other hand. The cost of living in the US is too high, for the conservative and savings driven lives of Indians it becomes a little to get adjusted there. You life is driven by perpetual debt and insurances. Ultimately it looks like money is not for your luxury but you are for the luxury of money and big banks. Sure the infrastructure is a lot cleaner and there are high rises, it may feel like you in heaven for some time. But on a longer run, spending your whole life paying off bank loans, credit card debts and all sorts of loans and debts. At the end of it you feel all that was not worth it. Flipkart did well because they executed the Idea well. They still have a long way to go. But last time I checked they too hire and give a lot of preferences for people from IIT's. Oh, I can tell this isn't just a thing about your company but nearly all companies in India these days. Yes arranged marriage market is a crazy place, Unless you have a tag 'manager', 'architect' the prospective girls don't care much about the boy. And this is understandably so, some time in the 90's and early 2000's the IT sector grew rapidly and promotions and hikes happened regardless of your worth. I even know people who have just got into the industry an year or two, did some testing and report writing. Pushed and sent to an onsite location like US or Europe and the third year you are back, you are promoted to be a manager. The middle level management in most IT giants is rotting with inefficient talent promoted early. There fore the assumption with the current generation is regardless of their merit they need to go to the 'promised lands'(US and Europe) in an year, get promoted to a Managerial designation, book a flat, buy a car, marry with heavy dowry and settle down. That's not happening these days. So most resort to job hopping. Some even hop jobs every eight months, whats more hilarious is.. Companies giving hikes to people who hop jobs but not to the ones who stay and perform. Adding to this regional politics in office spaces, drives the genuinely good guys crazy. Yes, but partly the rapid growth in the 90's and early 2000's is also responsible. Most of them, heck nearly 95% of them got rapidly promoted regardless of their merit. The problem is the moment is start offering good compensation people flock to such opportunities, some how mug up a few interview questions, read some stuff and join the company. And then do nothing there, just relax. After two performance review, when the milk is clear from water they just happily go the next job with the same interview trick. So now they earn well and don't perform either. The actual thing is to spot and retain good talent. Not just the start up in general its a little to hire good developers in India. Not because they are unavailable, but because they are often lost in the huge crowd rush. The general good folks that come out IIT's and REC's do either join a company like Google or alike. Or Write a entrance exam like CAT to work for some investment bank. Or do their MS in US and permanently plan to settle down some where in the west. In other words they just don't want to be a part of the system at all. Barring a few. The other good folks have a very terrible problem they are forced to run with the crowd. Often they get hired by the IT big giants. The scenario there is pretty different. In the 90's and early 2000's most of them in such companies got promoted very early to managerial designations, went to onsite location like the US. Got very rich due to stocks, money earned in foreign location(due to foriegn exchange) and the hikes from promotion. They have a lot of money and give a damn on how things run, they have nothing to loose after all. When folks join such big companies often these are the sort of people whom they meet and are forced to draw inspiration from. Most managers have hardly coded and don't know a jack about technical stuff.And since the hurry is to now become a manager, buy a flat, a car, marry with rich dowry and settle down. The struggle happens on three counts and chief being get rich as early as you can, BY ANY MEANS you can. So since now becoming manager is the key, most don't want to code at all. Some how fight, do politics(Which is very common here, due people from so many languages and regions mixing together. there is severe politics and biases towards there respective people) and go to onsite. And if this doesn't happen, go job hopping until you get it. The sad fact is companies reward jop hoppers but the sincere ones who for long time and perform. I even know few folks who have hopped 5 jobs in 4 years, consider themselves Java expert and don't even what CLASSPATH is. Once they get the tag of 'lead' or alike they think they can just give orders and have servants do the job for them. This how 95% project managers and other designated alike work here. Adding to that to 'CYA' they purposefully promote inefficient folks, I think they a feel a good guy is direct threat to their own position. The net result is more and more less risks projects are taken by Indian IT giants there days. Most of them in just bench testing and infrastructure management like IT support. And some times the managers are so inefficient they can't execute those projects properly. Now coming to actually talented folks, we are terribly frustrated crowd. As self taught programmers(From other branches of engineering) and despite our hard work and merit we can neither go to companies like Google, because they treat non-CS and non-IIT folks like 'mud blood muggles' nor work for start ups. Start ups are mostly from MBA types who believe some how idea is all that matters and programmers are like typists whom they can just use and throw. There is no easy way out of this problem. At least with the current social set up in India. Sometimes I feel I must immigrate to the US( Like Russians did frustrated with the system there.). But no, this is my country. I will stay here and fight the system. And will do everything I can to make my country a better place and have genuinely good guys get what they deserve. For the most part I think what the user edw519 tells is perfectly correct. If you sure of your competency and confident that you can actually be 10x or 100x more productive than other than you must work for somebody who pays you 'per unit of work done' rather than somebody who pays you lump sum. Unfortunately unless you make people pay for services they don't recognize your worth. Back here in India, like every where else good hackers don't get noticed until they make some noise. On the other hand even below average programmers who hop jobs often are paid real good packages. The way companies think of it is, that in any project if there say a x people. x-80% people work well, and are expected to compensated for the work of x-20% people. At the project level when the productivity data is measured, it turns out productive people have averaged out the unproductive data of the other crowd. So on a company wide policy basis a uniform hike applies, since data suggests productive was around industry average. The actual work of productive guys never gets displayed at all. This is just day light fraud, and a very scandalous way of rewarding people. The best are human beings too! I mean even the best work in two ways. Build on best principles already known, and make your own best principles. The first depends on how much you know, how much time you have taken to learn, implement, practice and perfect. The second depends on how far you can see. In either case you can always overlook or fail to predict the even the easily foreseeable future. And that happens due to many reasons plain human error, or even over confidence which is some times the case with the best. The best way out of this problem is what Jeff Atwood had blogged some time days back. Is to keep failing, and keep failing in different ways. And each failure needs to be translated into to lessons of some sort and then the solution of it a best practice. Even the Netflix model of failing purposefully will do. There is no way the best can be flawless. Nothing is flawless, so as long it is done by a human.