We should all hope they come up with something that's competitive. Even 80% of the performance for 50% of the price would be good enough. And this is because the last 3-4 Intel CPU generations have been simply not worth upgrading to. If some real competition from AMD shows up, things will change. It would be nice if you linked transcripts where available... Well, there's a reason I only ever buy NVidia video cards, even for AMD CPUs. I'm fine with AMD not being interested in Linux support, I'll just vote with my wallet. The iMac is "amazing" only if you don't do CPU intensive stuff with it. Otherwise it whirrrs and throttles down. Personally I care more about the whirrring than the thermal throttling, but it's not amusing to not get the CPU/GPU speed you paid for either. The Mac Pro is a video editing appliance ATM. What they don't have is a developer/hobbyist oriented desktop. And this will bite them in the ass long term, because they will lose mind share. I'm very close to switching back to Linux if they don't offer me a developer oriented Mac Pro in the next 1-2 years. Covered with the thin one that gets noisy when you compile, or with the super expensive one where half the price of the hardware doesn't help you with development? :) This is why I moved from Linux to OS X. However, dear Apple are getting me concerned about their future because: 1. The main innovation in the newest MBPros is... an Emoji keyboard accessory? Okay, that might actually be useful but: 2. Worse, said newest laptops have battery issues to which Apple responds by removing the battery ETA indicator? That was actually useful since I knew how much battery life I could rely on while doing the same task . 3. Since 2013, they don't have a desktop for desktop (not web) developers any more. Minis are too underpowered, iMacs are noisy under load and who knows how long they will last when kept heated the whole time, the Mac Pro is a video editing machine and little else. Right now I'm doing fine with a MBPro and a hackintosh, but if they keep making dubious decisions about the laptops and not offering a developer's desktop, I'll have to consider Linux again. It's not the issue's existence that's my cause for concern, it's Apple's reaction to it. They've always had some process that went runaway and ate most of the CPU for no reason. Just the name of the process changed across hardware and software versions. The problem is, now they're removing an useful indicator to swipe the current problem (and I'm sure a large amount of people do have it) under the rug. It's this decision that worries me, not that they botched something on this laptop generation. Yeah? Well you need to keep Activity Monitor on all the time to check what process is eating up your CPU for no reason anyway :) Indeed, Qt can actually look native (and use native controls where available) on all 3 platforms. Gtk, not so much. For some reason, Apple laptops are the only ones usable without a mouse. The trackpad simply sucks on anything else I've tried. Just like people are used to OSes that crash all the time, they're used to unusable trackpads. Sad.