Because on LinkedIn everyone is sucking up to prospective employers. That's the one and only reason it exists. Because of this everyone uses their real identity. And because of that it's also the most boring and fake social media platform around. Exactly. Look for China as an example where this is already happening today. They probably do but I guess many people have their profiles set to "Friends only". And on Twitter people don't usually use their real name. You can't use rainbow tables for WPA because the SSID is included in the hash. So the same password will result in a different key for different networks. Wow that's totally what I have too. I didn't think there was a name for it. I mean the delayed phase sleep disorder. Will talk to the doc about it. This is exactly what I fear: everyone outsourcing their filtering to a handful of big companies. These companies will then have the definitive say on what is posted online and what isn't. The Chinese will be jealous of our new censorship machine. They weren't effective. The same has already been implemented through a loophole with Canada (CETA) so US companies can already force their lower standards on us through their Canadian subsidiaries. Simple distraction and switch and playing into the mindset that Canada has somehow ties with Europe and is therefore 'good'. It's amazing how they get away with these things. Not really :) Consider a VT100. It could only go up to 19200 baud, and couldn't actually handle constant streams at that speed . However I do agree with the general message of the article. Current UX is a mess, websites are overblown by tons of javascript. There's no reason there should be loading spinners in this day and age with the power we have at our fingertips. Yes there was that but it also just couldn't handle the full speed continuously. It depended a lot what kind of commands were sent. Full text was fairly OK but drawing commands took a while as far as I remember. In any case, flow control was a must-have in those days. Either CTS/RTS or at least XON/XOFF I used them for my private VPSes but they became too big and business-like. I moved to Scaleway now, it's still in a much earlier stage, cheaper and with unlimited bandwidth. I like the way you can still talk directly to their guys on slack to ask questions. However they're becoming big too. I hope they'll still love us and I don't have to move again soon :)