I'm glad to see this Canadian company succeeding in this way. Hopefully this continues to snowball. There has been so much doom and gloom around this company in part because so many people (including myself) don't have the ability to assess whether its technology could actually work. I ask because some of Dart's features seem really nice in comparison to JavaScript but so did .NET's C# features to Java. But in the end, Java kept up with C#/.NET's feature set and C#/.NET never won. Some of the really nice features of Dart seem to be quite easy to integrate into future versions of JavaScript. I guess one could say that C#/.NET did put pressure on the Java to move quicker than it might have if there wasn't competition. Any word on the price of the assets in terms of figures? I have a start-up company as well as a 1 yr old (as well as a wife, which also is an important commitment.) What I noticed after my child was born was that I was even more focused at work and more focused on effective triage to ensure that my time is spend on the most valuable aspects of the business. The strange thing is that as I've gotten more important commitments in life I've been more efficient in business, probably because my triage filter is so specific now and I'be been able to effectively delegate. My start-up has the advantage that we make money (i.e. profitable) thus I can afford to delegate. If I was single and my company had no money I think that a child both in terms of expenses (they aren't cheap) as well as time would be more problematic. I full life for myself includes kids and start-ups. I don't think it is an either/or choice. It is part of our plan... :-) Wouldn't web sockets have worked here nicely? OVH is really cheap as well: http://www.ovh.com/ca/en/dedicated-servers/ Just a quick note that I am attending the Start Up Festival in Montreal today so my answers to specific questions won't be immediate. (SMS me at 613-762-4113 if you want to meet up at this festival.) Highly customized backbone variant (faster + increased flexibility) + javascript + coffeescript + WebGL + jQuery + ThreeJS + underscore + well a lot. JavaScript dependencies alone (excluding anything ThreeJS or our own code) are 500KB minified. :-) We love ThreeJS. For example, I am third in total commits to ThreeJS: https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/contributors It is a small world in the end high 3d space. I have collaborated in the past with the founder of Lagoa. But the main thing to remember is that Max, Maya and Softimage are all developed in Toronto and Montreal. Thus there is already an ecosystem around 3D tools here. There is a difference of approach between Lagoa and Clara.io the main one is the Lagoa is mostly a renderer where as Clara.io is a more general tool, more ambitious in terms of functionality.