Hm? Windows was first released in November of '85, and the first release that achieved significant popularity was released in '87. Do you mean to say IBM regarded the Apple Macintosh as a toy? I guess I can understand the first two, but you'd take Java over Ruby? Really? I've always wondered why Nokia doesn't do more marketing in the US. I've never had a bad experience with a Nokia phone, and I definitely plan to keep buying phones from them for the foreseeable future. Their development process looks pretty nice too, though they could use a few pointers on making a professional website: http://developer.symbian.org/ The biggest problem, as I see it, is that certain apps only work with certain phones, forcing wonderful things like OggPlay to make extensive lists of which phones they support, and you could conceivably end up having to do research before buying a phone to see if it supports what you need, which is too much effort for most people. I think that Dalvik provides a great way to address this for Android, but we won't see a whole lot of Android phones for some time now, probably not until Q1 2010. Symbian and Android are far more open, though, which I think is what has some people irked. I can't imagine it does any good for the environment, at least not until >five years from now. Producing a car isn't exactly easy on the environment, and requiring people to buy new cars isn't going to help. The title is somewhat misleading; what's actually happening is that they finally observed spin-charge separation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spinon The results around 22 aren't too surprising: most people will probably quickly figure out that the target cannot possibly be above 66.67, but few will realize that this implies that the target will be below 44.44. If you assume the guesses will be randomly distributed from 0 - 66, you get a target of 22, which isn't a bad guess for most of the times this experiment was performed on the proles. I have a personal stenographer. >without a proper solution that doesn't involve the words "boycott" or "jailbreak" Why not buy a different phone, perhaps one that does what you want? Eric Schmidt and Scott McNealy are the trivial ones, I guess, though Sun never got into the consumer market. Perhaps Shuttleworth?