I thought Hackers News was not supposed to turn into Reddit. A $100/month dedicated server probably doesn't have RAID 10 or other server-class features, but it will probably have more CPU capacity than a $100/month VPS. As virtualization software improves, I expect the advantages of VPSes to increase. If anyone knows of a particularly good provider, I'm willing to add it to the database. I just added Prgmr.com since they appear to be cheap and hacker-friendly. They solved a hardware problem (the centralized crossbar), but it's not clear what progress they have made on software scalability. BTW, I thought the Ars article was better. They say it is secure because all your traffic flows through their server in the clear but they don't look at it. It's refreshingly honest that the site admits this. But GotoSSH isn't as secure as regular SSH and it probably is not as secure as it could be (e.g. a Flash SSH client that implements the SSH protocol on the client side). But since security doesn't matter in Web 2.0 (can I borrow your Google password for a minute?), this looks like a great service. Are you talking about scaling from 1/10 of a server to 1 server, or from 1 to 10 servers, or from 10 to 1000 servers? I was turned off by 3Tera/TheGridLayer because their sites are all marketing, no tech. But I just discovered the docs ( http://doc.3tera.net/AppLogic2/WebHome.html ), so now it's possible to size up their system without some salesperson sizing up my wallet first. TGL's prices for individual VPSes do not look competitive and the starting price of $4000/month for a virtual datacenter is pretty spicy. Previous VPS discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=43949 Most providers do not mention scalability or upgrades on their sites, so maybe it is worth paying more to MT for scalability. Of course, the nodes in an actual supercomputer can send data to each other faster than 384 kbps. Yikes, where to start. "Databases store data to disk. Thats all what 90% of us use them for. They are essentially elaborate hash tables backed by a disk drive." Sure, if you don't need indices or transactions. "a disk failure is still a major disaster. Even if you have backups, even if you have replication, there will be downtime and manual labor while a new master server is established." If you use a dual-port, dual-controller RAID 10 with hot spares, you'll never even notice a disk failure. (No wonder the SmugMug people are so smug.) But I admit replication is a great solution for people who consider their time to be a sunk cost. "Databases never put your 10-20 commodity server boxes with all their spare disk space to use." At least this is true (for now). Given that Web 2.0ers apparently don't care about most database features anyway, maybe HBase will solve this problem. This isn't all that paranoid; Adobe's business model for Flash is similar, although they haven't attacked Red5 yet. A few companies are working on that, but I don't think the results will be free. http://rightscale.com/ http://www.enomalism.com/ A purely negative article tends to give that impression. What's the alternative? Brands likes to mention how perfect Credentica is, but it isn't deployed anywhere. OpenID may turn out to be the worst identity protocol, except for all the others that have been tried.