This is known as the instrumentalist approach to quantum mechanics, where we deliberately avoid thinking about the philosophical interpretations of things like the wavefunction, and only focus on the results of experiments. The thinking being, the observables don't change regardless of whether you pick MWI or pilot wave or the Copenhagen interpretation, so what does it matter? (The actual phrase "shut up and calculate" is older than this paper; I think David Mermin coined it.) This approach rubs some people the wrong way, either because it's seen as a failure of imagination on the part of physicists to look at the bigger questions, or because it drifts close to the discredited logical positivism of the mid-20th century. Those are valid complaints, but I think it can also be seen as humility on the part of physicists, and an understanding that this is outside their field of expertise. "Science" is a fundamentally empirical exercise; if you're doing thinking without empiricism, it might still be valuable thinking, but it isn't science. "Shut up and calculate" is shorthand for, "Because these questions are not empirical, our tools and methods we have as scientists are not capable of addressing them." It's acknowledging that their powers are limited. (I do think it would be nice if more physicists thought about it anyway, because in their abscence the void has been filled with woo by a bunch of New Age cranks, but that's not a moral obligation on their part) This is becoming such a common story that I'm starting to think it's a little irresponsible of both Amazon and GitHub to not react better to it. Clearly Amazon is capable of detecting when this happens as evidenced by their rapid response; when they see AWS keys published to GitHub, they should block the account, or at least prevent it from spinning up any new instances. They can then contact the owner over e-mail to follow up. Same thing with GitHub. When they see an AWS key, they need to block that push and send back a message saying "If you're really, really, REALLY sure you want to do this, add .allowawskey at the root of your commit and push again". There's no excuse for letting people shoot themselves in the foot like this over and over. (Edited for typo) > They have service limits and routinely waive charges from abuse events like this. That's almost worse though. Maybe I'm being unfair here, but the fact that they will waive charges immediately if you ask, but don't just block them pre-emptively, tells me that they're hoping at least some customers (with deep pockets and automated billing that no one pays attention to) will just pay the bill and never notice. Maybe they're making more money from that than they're losing by waiving charges on compromised accounts for customers who ask. Not to mention, if it was written as an actual shell application, it would probably be easy to use Emscripten or something to make a web version, if someone really wanted it. For the interested, parent is probably referring to Calvary Cemetery [1]. I don't think it's the largest cemetery in the US by acreage, but it's the largest by number of burials. I've always thought it must drive economists and real estate developers nuts that there's all this land in New York City which is probably permanently off-limits to development. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvary_Cemetery_(Queens,_New_... That's one of the features Ars offers to premium subscribers: http://arstechnica.com/subscriptions/ , so I don't think there is a supported way. There are Chrome/Safari extensions out there for "single-pagifying" articles though. Credit to Panos and everyone who put that together, I didn't see the removable screen coming. That was the kind of "one more thing" moment that rivals Apple at their best showmanship. They're trying, they're moving in the right direction, but it's still a ways away. Some nice things recently: - The console host application on Windows 10 finally doesn't suck. Resizeable, copy-paste supported, word wrap text selection, etc. - It seems like they're trying to make their dev tools use a lot less "black box magic", the kind that that's wonderful when it works right and impossible to debug when it goes wrong. At an ASP.NET workshop recently, Scott Hanselman went to great pains to emphasize that everything he was doing in the VS GUI could also be done from the command line. - Nuget keeps improving. It's still not a replacement for apt or even Homebrew, but they're listening to feedback and making the changes people request. I feel like in another year or so it could be a real contender. Edit: Formatting You can defeat the system any number of ways. This is just to wash Tesla's hands of any liability: if you get in a crash because you intentionally subverted the engagement requirements, it's clearly your own fault (not attacking Tesla here, it's what all the other carmakers do too). I imagine it's nothing more complicated than "OpenSSL isn't the native crypto implementation on Windows, SChannel is". Microsoft's engineers are probably much more familiar with SChannel, and they don't want to have to test/validate two crypto systems in parallel. Besides, this should make OpenSSH better in the long run; it should be able to have any compatible crypto layer underneath.