That is actually a really nice metaphor they came up with. The seal and imprint are pretty useful for explaining signed email. I already explain encrypted email to colleagues with the key and lock metaphor: I give you a box full of open padlocks to which only I hold the key, and you do the same for me. Anyone can have the padlocks as long as you keep the key secure. Seems to work. Definitely! With PGP/Mime email clients that don't understand OpenPGP simply show a small attachment. Without PGP/Mime (the old way) you get funky delimiters in your mail body that look scary to non-technical users. I started with the old way (because it appears to be more compatible with legacy email clients) until a colleague worriedly asked me about the weirdness in my mails, so I switched to PGP/Mime. As far as I can tell only really old Outlook versions can't handle PGP/Mime, and you can use plain text mails as well as HTML. In any halfway decent build your tests will run whenever you build the project, to prevent tests from ever getting outdated. If any test fails, it is because you broke it just now, so you go in and see if your test is broken, or, as is often the case, your refactored code is breaking the expected behaviour of the tested code. > Tests affecting the structure […] is […] a strong code smell On the other hand, code being hard or impossible to test is often thought of as a code smell as well. Code that is easy to test is easier to understand — not in the least because there are tests demonstrating its use. Techniques such as dependency injection help a lot here. Not just to someone else. Nothing is more pleasant than going in to refactor code you wrote years ago, and find that you wrote comprehensive unit tests. Thank you past-me! Yeah, this makes Signal a total non-starter for me. It is doing the same thing WhatsApp does: you need a smartphone to use it. Even the desktop version requires a smartphone to create an account. If privacy is so important for Signal, why forbid using it without a phone number? It makes no sense. > When Times New Roman appears in a book, doc­u­ment, or adver­tise­ment, it con­notes apa­thy. It says, “I sub­mit­ted to the font of least resis­tance.” Times New Roman is not a font choice so much as the absence of a font choice, like the black­ness of deep space is not a color. To look at Times New Roman is to gaze into the void. Nicely worded. Even if you don't want to bother with typography at all, Times New Roman is rarely a good default. It was designed for typesetting tall and narrow newspaper columns, not A4 or Letter width letters and memos. I guess a lot of people are or were used to: tar -xzf file.tar.gz To be honest, I only started doing -xf a year ago. I was used to -xjf and -xzf. We were looking at a company communication channel to replace Yammer and Google Chat a while back, and briefly played with Slack. In the end trading in one cloud service for another seemed unwise. Because we already used self-hosted GitLab when they announced the inclusion of MatterMost (FOSS self-hosted alternative to Slack) we simply activated that and have been quite satisfied with it. Another self-hosted alternative you might like is MatterMost, which is quite similar to Slack in look-and-feel, but free software and self-hosted.