He's not alone in applying physics math to number theory. One thing that makes mathematicians leery of physics-inspired proofs is that physicists accept mathematical transformations that produce correct experimental results but that have not been proven axiomatically. For example, here is a proof of the Riemann Hypothesis: http://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.5012170 It uses operations on an analytic continuation of the zeta function. Are they OK? I don't know. If they are, it's Fields Medal material. But this is nothing new. Oliver Heaviside revolutionized differential equation solving with the Heaviside Operator, which gives correct answers to electromagnetic problems. Nowadays we call it the Laplace Transform, because Laplace had used what turned out equivalent, for other purposes. Other reasons Heaviside is often ignored are that he was a commoner, and he published all his papers in a newspaper. He originated the theory of transmission lines (inventing the loading coils you still see hanging between telephone poles) and atmospheric radio propagation, both often credited to others. See Paul Nahin, "Oliver Heaviside: Sage in Solitude" It should be noted that Maxwell's quaternion formulation of the same relations has just two equations. Vector notation won out over quaternions not from elegance or power, but from practical details of working them on paper. Now that we don't, anymore, quaternions are probably the better notation. Somebody should rewrite an E-M and an optics textbook. In other words, physicists were entirely correct to toss the infinite values, and mathematicians were later persuaded it was mathematically sound. Nowadays, although physicists say they are "renormalizing", they still just toss the infinite values. They're justified by results of experiments. Mathematicians are limited because, typically, they have no handy universe to run experiments in, never mind budget for a supercollider. String theory has no experiments, so has no touchstone to justify dodgy maths. String theorists routinely depend on the infinite sum 1 + 2 + 3 + ... = -1/12, without apology. It's anybody's guess how well that will turn out in the end, but it hasn't interfered with grants, publication, or tenure, so it's OK so far. I guess Nahin called it a newspaper because it came out on newsprint, folded over, weekly. It would be called a trade rag, these days, if we had those anymore. https://books.google.com/books?id=ehJbAAAAYAAJ&dq=intitle%3A... Potato, potahto. If the experiment produced different results, mathematicians would not be asked for an opinion until the physicists came up with some other math. Because the experiment matched, mathematicians were obliged to invent a framework to justify it. Some people say that they are using "=" to mean something else, and relying on context to distinguish which "=" they mean. But it's less fun to say that the sum of the natural numbers "is associated with" -1/12, especially if you have to say how, exactly. Heaviside's comment, famously, was "Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion?" I am astonished that, in the two years, you had not already handled 100+ scheduled failovers. If your HA is good, customers don't notice, and if not, you find out when there are fewer of them (and in daytime!), and fix it. Probably by now Pacemaker would have been abandoned. A hundred drills would have been enough to flush out these behaviors. If you are afraid to run drills on production equipment, you should be running them on a full-scale production testbed, ideally with mirrored production traffic. With a production-scale testbed, two years is enough to run thousands of risk-free failovers. Not doing frequent production failure drills is just irresponsible.