There are other implementations too, like IBM J9 and GNU Kaffe. I remember using J9 in place of Sun Java when I was a desktop Linux user. By User, I mean business owner, it ought to be like an apple product in so much as the default interface is easy enough to do most of the things you would want to do with your PBX, Obviously, some stuff like configuring site-site peering, and a T1 PRI would need more experience, and an advanced interface. The idea is, some of the product line, may only be sold by VAR's, like anything that cant auto-configure itself, for example. For what market slice, think smaller :-P, I'm looking at the 3-300 Seat market, which is a much larger portion of the system market, then the high end stuff Cisco is selling. I'm looking at competing with Panasonic and Toshiba, and folks who have no phone system at all - for now, I have an idea for a much much larger system, that simply moves the point of aggregation up a level - I personally would love to knock Cisco out of the game at some point, their product is junk in many ways. I've never seen a Cisco install work as expected - and I've seen somewhere north of 30 of them - in my opinion any phone system that need regular reboots is garbage. Having supported phone system as a service, its often roses, honestly, in most cases it just doesn't work, the biggest issue being call quality (Choppy Audio, one way Audio, etc), also, SIP and NAT do not play nice, so you usually need an ALG if you want more then one phone on the customer premises, which annoys the customer as its another 200+ dollar piece of gear. I think the best idea is to partner with folks like Vonage, and other IP Telephony Carriers (Looking with a big eye towards the cable carriers offering business voice service like Comcast), to provide branded hardware, so they provide the trunking to the premises, we provide the phones. The customer can manage all their stuff internally, and the telco has an inbuilt market. Thanks so much for the advice! Or just use a Black and White Laser Printer? Really, anything you print, no matter what it is printed on with enough time an effort could be track back to at least the model and type of printer. Page last updated at 02:05 GMT, Wednesday, 1 April 2009 UK I'm surprised by a NDA that wont even allow you to disclose that you performed a project that did some certain things, or that you performed an undisclosed project for X Company, and then a list of the technologies involved. What of BSD? The stack /can/ be the same even. I would point out that both the Model S and X may very well have the circuitry to completely disconnect the cell pack at something below 10% actual charge (not displayed charge). I'm also really wondering how much of this is self discharge, and how much of this is poor load control of the standby electronics. Lower then it is in the bay area, just from observation. I buy American cars for several reasons: 1. Most American cars are NOT world cars, I'm a big guy, 6'3 300 lbs, I dont fit well in a world car, so I'm always looking at vehicles designed for the North American market, plus I do a whole lot of long distance driving. 2. Less intensive maintenance schedule, my town car will never need its timing belt changed, nor a valve adjustment, the primary services done, are simply to change fluids. 3. While is sounds jingoistic, its patriotic, I prefer to buy something made here. I think right about the perfect time to buy a car is after the initial 5 year break in - preferably with someone else doing the break in.