Actually it's very similar to StrikeDisplay (posted a while back, but I don't think anyone saw it): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1816482 http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com SD tries to handle things like child objects dispatching events up the display chain and implementing an AS3-style pseudolanguage... Amen! "We have like a, uh, screenshot prototype. We don't have a uh, per se, working prototype." Naval should have stopped them right there and said, "so, did you guys just meet on a bus stop and come up with this?" Sorry, I just had to go back to that part where two really truly retarded things are said back to back: "We started to iterate the product..." Translation: We smoked some weed and someone was like, "Dude, IPHONE APP!" "How scalable do you think our idea is, do you think it's a good idea?" Not sure where to start but, Dude, is "Scalable" like the new "dope"? "sick"? "rad"? "dudical?" "mega"? Javascript fail. Crashes Firefox 3.6.16. Screenshot: http://tinyurl.com/627mftb ...just curious, how did you implement this over a regular phone line? Nice. I've been thinking about moving some domains out of there all week, since I got a creepy phone call from one of their reps telling me one was expiring next month. Thanks, as if I didn't already get the four million emails and the twelve trees you chopped down reminding me of this. cool. wish it worked with 10.5.8. Very true. I've used an Air as my only development and design machine for 2 years now; I love it; the thing has only 2Gb of RAM and it's still blazing fast for most everything. This is completely due to the SSD, which wasn't standard when I bought it, but seemed worth splurging for. I sleep better at night with less moving parts. When I sleep. Which I don't. Anyone can be a mentor or investor in some walk of life. Anyone can be a founder, creator or student in another. Anyone can mod their own, or someone else's news list. A tool without restrictions, operating on a finite set of rules. You decide whether it evolves to be used for good or evil. YC is great, but it's essentially closed to other investors and, while the program is merit-based, it's a closed selection process. HN is nice because there's a meritocracy at work; the concept is to allow that type of meritocracy to force both investors and entrepreneurs to have to work for one another's attention. The site is just a conduit for BPs or proposals from the most motivated idea-people to get into the hands of the most motivated action-people in any area. And every area can be broken into two parties with a mutual interest in industry news, who need to sift through each other to find the best people on the opposite team to work with. So; this is just an engine based on that concept, with up/down votes serving as an objective determinant every month.