Forget notoriety. University football generates a ton of money, and since we live in a capitalist society, the people in profit centers tend to get paid a lot than people in cost centers. If you have an email account somewhere with spamassassin, send some mails there, then look at the headers to see how SA scores you. Fix what's indicated and repeat. Not a 100% solution but it helps. Interesting bug here - the ip in the link is 209.85.173.104. The address of the site shown after the link in brackets is 104.173.85.209. I found the article to be pretty bad. It made me think of Marc Andreesen's critique of the Economist predictions - this one struck me as a technologist writing about non-technology, and badly at that. "On average, tappers expected listeners to get it right about half the time." Clearly the tappers were morons, because the minute I read that sentence it seemed off by several factors of magnitude. Both digg and reddit have karma systems so that each vote is not equal. I think that as a social news site grows (or any community), you have to subdivide the community somehow - essentially create a collection of niche sites. Who cares? I don't mean to be flippant, this just seems like the definition of something that only matters to a lot of self-important bloggers. That big 3rd paragraph seems to be the center of bogosity. "Her comparison helps to delineate differences between the two groups and provides a useful format for discussions." Translated that means - this is some bogus education theory that has no scientific basis behind it, and if you take action based on it, then whatever mess you create is your own fault. I had to take a survey course on education research during my postgrad days - the first thing the prof said was that basically education is a research ghetto where every half-baked methodology, and every bit of post-modern drivel can find a home. The "get your contacts from external sites" script may be a violation of the other TOSs, but more importantly it's a violation of your contacts' privacy. They didn't say you could give their info to facebook. They forgot to mention the rampant age discrimination. Why would any intelligent person go into a career where you basically become unemployable at 40?