This gets asked a lot, both from urban planners who would like a 'silicon ' miracle for their area and by various company people. Clearly having several great engineering schools nearby (Stanford, Berkeley, SJSU, UCSC, Etc) helps. Clearly having a big pile of money sitting in pockets around Sand Hill Road helps. Clearly having an ecosystem of job shops that can 'fill in' all of the various functions from prototype manufacturing to legal services helps. Of course none of that happened all at once. There was Fairchild, there were the various 'secret' projects hosted out of Stanford in the early 50's, so at some level there needs to be a seed ecosystem that can exist with a small set of customers but is applicable to a larger set. What is your time worth? Generally startups seem to have a fairly common lifecycle (at least in the embryonic stages). Vision -> work to prototype/proof of concept -> { Seed | Exit }. If it is not self-funded the founders should have talked to at least Angel investors, they should have a list of questions that investors have been asking them prior to deciding to invest, and they should have a plan for answering those questions. If they don't, then they may have lost their way. If they are lost then staying is a waste of your time. Given that Bing clearly uses the clickstream to influence its results pages, at what point to SEO folks run farms of machines in a network which resolve 'google.com' to a process that returns a fixed set of results for a given query? Imagine this scenario, I create 10,000 VM instances of windows running IE8 with the Bing toolbar. I create a local host to 'stand in' for Google such that it emulates the actual Google site (one could even used scraped Google content) and for my 'target' query it returns my spammy results, and then my VM machine clicks on one of the spammy links. It seems that Google's sting worked because their queries had small return rates, but with some resources it would seem a viable way to inject SEO love right into the bloodstream of Bing's ranking algorithm. As I see it, a whole new front just opened up for spammers. --Chuck I suspect that they are, and when you can simulate a million users doing what ever activity you want them to be doing then the impact on Google and lots of stuff will change. Of course my favorite was the Amazon hack of repeatedly putting some item in a shopping cart and then adding in a bit of pr0n (or some other weird combination) so that Amazon would put the other item in their auto suggest product combination. The humourous thing is that Dvorak points out the ink equation. This self inflicted inversion of value by artifical manipulation of supply of ink. However manufacturers are on to that (since they create the artificial ink market) by selling new printers with 'demo' cartridges which are 1/2 to 1/10th the volume of 'real' cartridges. Given that the patents around inkjet printing are expiring it might be time to really shake up the market with a printer which doesn't demand the ink tax. Except its water which kinda defines incompressible. Answer is thermal energy from tectonic processes. Cite: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi... "Imlacs are wiped out." Priceless. --Chuck I had the same response, but I realize (having worked there for a while) that there is a strong 'star' culture meme that sort of permeates the place. I wondered if she was feeling out of sorts with all the publicity folks like Marissa or Eric or some of the other 11 SVPs carry around. Can never know for sure of course. Then again, Google may be setting her up to be COO and pointing out that 96% of all the money they make comes from groups under her would be a good way to start that conversation. I agree that he missed the point about what argumentation really is. If you do it right you, your 'opponent' and everyone else listening learns something. Its a common dilemma. Generally I find it relates to pay and skills rather than age. In that for a given skill there is a market rate. If you're an engineer and you've been in the industry for long enough you may find that annual adjustments moved your salary above the market price. If you're middle age, and you've kept up with the latest technologies, and you're adding to your skills basket, generally it seems you're still employed. If you 'retired in grade' at some point and thought you would work until you could collect social security doing the same thing you've always done, well that hasn't worked out in practice.