Just because someone knows who I am does not mean that'll matter when it comes to proving things in court, which in real life isn't as easy as one might imagine. >he probably won't get out for a while If only I'd get sentenced in the first place. Unless there's ever any public court records, I doubt you'll find much (if any) good information. If that was a case, people running SSDP (and other UDP service) honeypots would no doubt have noticed the massive increase in traffic. Majority of our bandwidth does not come from these so called "reflection attacks". But is in fact "real" bandwidth. We are using actual 0days to compromise the (about 100k-150k) servers we have. I'm actually rather excited for the eventual technical analysis of our net by someone with actual technical competence. It might end up causing quite a bit of noise. Well, I live in a country that will not extradite it's own citizens. And even if I somehow did manage to get extradited the US has a legal system where you'd actually have to prove a persons guilt, not just speculate it based on some IRC log of dubious origin. That's a popular view, but I don't think that in real life it's an entirely correct one. At the very least those with money tend to be able to have a fair trial in the US. Lots of it is the sort of equipment you wouldn't notice. Not exactly embedded stuff though. There was a few rails YAML bots on an IRC for maybe an hour before another bot was loaded on them. (But that was like over an year ago) A large chunk of the boxes we control do not have any sort of web apps running on them. Ones public actions do not necessarily equal ones skills. The motives behind LS are more complex than some journos believe, something that should be obvious by the darkode connection alone. Krebs seems to be pretty lost, especially considering that he thinks we've been attacking his site for past 40 days or so. That's just not true (and anyway, if Prolexic couldn't keep PSN up why would they be able to keep his site up?), only thing linking us to attacks against him was a joke in the topic of our fake recruitment channel telling people to take his site down for an hour or so. Anyway, as for my motives (besides money, of course)? You don't get access to this many boxes without stumbling on at least something interesting. One thing you should understand, we currently have basically two types of clients. First is of course the kids who go to lizardstresser.su and buy the $20 plan so they can attack people they play video games with. Now, on the other hand we have our corporate clients. These corporate clients usually contact us via email or over forums and either make us a fixed offer or request a quote for a given target and time-frame. Now, these types of clients are usually willing to pay tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to disrupt their competition for a couple of days. The second type of customer is obviously our main source of income, and what better way to find those clients than worldwide media publicity? It'd be funny if this ended up being a sting op, wouldn't it?