> Assuming that Twitter has 2M users Crazy as it sounds, Twitter is far from that popular. It has mindshare in the tech sector, but is for from widely adopted. http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/summize_twitter_trends.... There are a couple hundred thousand active users per week. It's probably close to that per day, but still only a couple hundred thousand. I believe the free option is to use the carrier supplied email gateways (which is what something like Google Maps uses to send addresses). If you want a full two-way messaging system like Twitter, you have to pay up. You can find open source software, but you need access to the networks and that's going to cost money. It's quite a racket, they often charge both the sender and the receiver. Both PayFlow (now owned by PayPal) and Authorize.net make subscription billing easily programmed. Authorize probably makes it a little easier because they have more code samples, but it's really just an API call for whichever. No, it doesn't really make sense. What it the AP wouldn't write about something that Reuters already did? News is news, but demanding first or nothing is a very poor technique. I wouldn't worry about it. TechCrunch is not always a huge traffic driver (nor is Mashable obviously) and I wouldn't want to reward their petty games anyway. What's TC's goal? Covering web startups or covering web startups that Mashable hasn't written about? The content at TC has been going down hill for a long time, but this is really pathetic. Obviously, but this is a mention, not a feature article in an entertainment magazine. Engadget will cover something after Gizmodo and vice versa. It's ridiculous that TechCrunch won't. I stopped reading TC a while ago because the signal to noise ratio started diving, but I wouldn't read it now even if it had great content. I don't care who has what first, I'll read who's comprehensive and honest. Mike wants to be the new CNET and that's not going to happen by being a bitch about being first. TechCrunch didn't exactly have a high bar for technical knowledge before, but Gillmor is definitely lowering the bar. He's the John Dvorak of web 2.0. He's perfect for TC's style of throwing shit up against the wall and not linking (and possibly blocking) anyone that refutes it. A high-deductible plan with an HSA is the way to go. You can put up to your deductible into the HSA annually with pre-tax dollars, so after a year or two you have money in the bank in case anything happens (and depending on your cash-flow can either continue to pay into). It's a great deal. The lander is powered by a 33MHz computer that costs $200-300k. I love how much gets done with so little power. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAD6000 I couldn't find what language they were working in, does anyone know? Ada? I would be shocked if the actual rovers used Java. Perhaps Java is used in the tools used to control them (that send the signals), but not the little guys themselves.