I went to college with his late son, Nick. Nick was a good guy and their family was really welcoming and friendly. I remember speaking with Jim during the .com crash as I was getting my CS degree and he mentioned a CS degree is a great thing to have if you love it - keep at it. Solid advice at the time. But make no mistake - when he says he wasn't as fast as some of the others, it's a whole different ballgame. He's a world class genius with creativity and personality to boot. He's also a good guy who is quite generous. Thank you for that. Nick was a friend of mine and I miss him. He loved Nepal and working there. Tekmira Pharmaceuticals has a cure for Ebola that has success in non-human Primates. Is it unethical to try using this on infected humans that are going to die soon? With their approval, naturally. Why not explain what we have, that there unknown risks, etc, but it could save you. The alternative is a painful, awful death anyhow so why not? I feel like a control group is immoral at this point. More importantly, they get public exposure and the government sponsor for their research will more likely resume this project. It was shelved due to budgetary reasons. However, their project is not really going to be able to compete with companies like Tekmira who have begun human testing, having a much higher efficacy in Primates (and likely humans) and are simply further along. Ebola would unlikely be a block buster drug for any company - however, it allows them to research technologies and systems for other, more profitable things. The fact there is an UPDATE statement that is actually an INSERT is clever, but possibly misleading to many users. The design is for insert only so you hate to see syntax that is actually a different semantic. Why are update statements actually inserts? Am I missing something ( besides eventually consistency by design ) or are they trying to trick me? The trade is getting crowded - that's the feeling I get from some higher profile VC funds complaining recently. Their buy-in's are getting more expensive as more private money from non-traditional VC funds moves into the sector due to continued low interest rates, a feeling the public markets are getting close to topping and the fact that each round seems to be up, up, up. This is forcing higher prices for the traditional VC funds which in turn makes them more conservative with how their money is spent. And because the money is so easy to acquire the start-up's are blowing it quickly. They are competing for a limited set of "top" employees which is driving labor costs up to potentially unsustainable levels. Money won't always be so easy. Use it carefully. However, I see the top VC's getting a bit upset they have more competition to invest in tomorrows potentially massive businesses at discounted rates. They will likely raise much more than 100 million. That is the "default" setting for the S1. Also, if the IPO goes well expect the underwrite to green shoe some more. This article is full of so much logical fallacy I'm surprised it made it here. And it's an advertisement none the less. Creates a red herring by stating he's been doing this a long time and has seen it all. Creates straw man after straw man in the trashing of memory caches (avoids their use cases), Dynamo (there's a good reason tons of people use various NoSQL Databases) and Hadoop (C'mon, now). He also creates more logical fallacy in calling various concepts silver bullets that ended up having problems. I don't think anyone serious about technology thinks replication, sharding, load balancing "solves everything". Nothing is a silver bullet and anyone who says something is is selling you something... And then he fails to really address the MemSQL uses replication, sharding (in a limited sense since the core SQL concept of a JOIN is wrecked here and they have a big warning on their troubleshooting page about an error you users must see often). SQL is great but I have plenty of great reasons to use other data stores. SQL isn't a silver bullet for data. Point is, he is calling MemSQL a silver bullet and is obviously trying to sell something while ripping plenty of great ideas and concepts by picking the worst implementations of them and largest misunderstandings of them.