I have been using RimuHosting for my own projects and for customers for test deployments for years - so far I have had good experiences with them. They did complain once that I was using too much CPU, but I checked, and found problems (my fault) with a Merb deployment). Use the Apache Benchmark "ab" program, and measure the number of requests per second for your application. It is number of requests per second that should interest you. If you do not have ab installed, try: sudo apt-get install apache2-utils then: man ab I would try to build something like clusty.com, except I would try to identify themes in user search requests and track these for each user over time, using click throughs per user to keep search results on theme. I can't agree with him about organic food health benefits. When you eat industrially raised food (oil based fertilizer) you get a smaller spectrum of minerals, etc. And, as my young grandson once said: "why would anyone want to eat food with bug spray on it?" That said, it is a matter of free choice - my wife and I gladly pay slightly higher prices for locally grown organic food. If not organic, we then at least favor locally grown food. SOAP is so 20th century :-) Seriously, a long time ago I implemented SOAP for a commercial J2EE product, and used SOAP, but I don't use it anymore. Good riddance - REST style is easier to support and use. I just wrote a book for APress on Web 3.0, and my pitch was that it is more about publishing and reusing data. That is good! I like the bit about unselfish writing. I tr to do that but can't always pull it off. A subjective rant: I tried to get into Python about 5 years ago - worked through 'Dive Into Python' and used it for several projects. Once I tried Ruby for a few projects, I never looked back: I now only use Python when I need a library that is only available for Python. So, try both for a few small projects and take your pick. BTW, I think that being proficient in just one scripting language is enough. I split my work time between Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java - perhaps not an optimum choice, but flexible enough for most problems that I need to solve. AppEngine is pretty much awesome when you want to reduce web portal hosting costs. I am rewriting/augmenting a Rails web app in JRuby + Sinatra + DataMapper so it will run well on either Java AppEngine or one of my own servers using (C)Ruby. If my project gets a lot of users I would like to keep my costs down. (I usually deploy to Amazon AWS, but if you can live within the AppEngine restrictions, then AppEngine is even cheaper than Amazon.) The ability of receiving email sounds good, but I usually only use this for new account verification - with AppEngine you can just use Google accounts. I tried to convince one customer to use Heroku, and we did for a while, but they ended up paying big $$ to RackSpace. Considering increased admin/engineering time, I have little doubt that they would have been better off paying $500/month to Heroku, rather than RackSpace. Another customer wanted to use Heroku, but we ended up building our own system using multiple EC2s - again, long term the hosting costs will be much less, but the admin/engineering costs especially during development were a large expense. For my own web portal project? I am using AppEngine (code in JRuby+datamapper+Sinara, but I am considering a rewrite in Java because of the superior tool support). I have a small Myers Parrot - he is most of the time pretty cool, although he occasionally de-evolves into a miniature raptor. I usually work out of my home office, and he is usually happy enough sitting on my shoulder while I work. Parrots are not low maintenance though, requiring lots of attention. I took yesterday afternoon off work and my wife and I took my parrot to a local park (Sedona Red Rock Crossing - google it, then click images, you will be glad you did :-) Anyway, my bird was so happy getting a ride in the car (he loves the car) and a few hours in the park, that he will be a "good boy" for a day or two. The point of this little story is: parrots are good pets if you give them lots of attention and don't let them get too bored (they are reasonably intelligent).