I think with iOS, even if you disable zooming, you still get that 300ms delay. A better solution would be to instead of listening to only click, listen to both click and doing interesting things with ontouchend. I recall implementing something like that a while ago, where when an element is touched (ontouchstart), I saved the X and Y coords of the touch, and when the user releases their finger (ontouchend), if the finger hasn't moved more than say 32 pixels, I fired the callback to whatever. Of course, you also need to do something to prevent triggering the event twice, but when done correctly, you get both nice quick click events and zooming. Well, the title says they stopped using Google analytics, and the article explained that they stopped using Google analytics, why they did it, and what they're doing instead. You may not find it interesting, but the title clearly reflects the content, so I'm not sure how it's click bait. I don't think it was meant as a complaint about Windows as much as it was an anecdote about icons vs text. You also obviously often want to slightly change the content of say a blog post, fixing typos or factual inaccuracies and such. Tracking down every old link and replacing it with an updated one would be a big undertaking. For $5/month, you can get a pretty great VPS at digital ocean; 512MB RAM, 20GB SSD, 1Gbit/s bandwidth with 1TB/month trabsfer, giving you root access to your own server. You also get your own IP address, instead of sharing IPs and using virtualhost hacks like those web hosts do. Been using them for a while now, works really well. "Your 32 completely random characters doesn't contain enough special symbols, and is thus insecure." Open the inspector (depending on your browser, but it's probably ctrl+shft+i), find the narrow element, and change its width, like this: https://d.mort.coffee/img/change-width.png That inspector is incredibly useful any time a website does something stupid and you just want to read the bloody content. I really doubt Apple will ever be big enough for many big game developers to consider making exclusives for Macs. They don't even sell any computers remotely targeted at games, and often sacrifice price and cooling for prettier design. Did you try to download the x86 build? If so, it's your fault. If they don't provide an arm build, or if you got the arm build, it's Mozilla's fault, not Debian's. It's like not putting a condom on your car. Sure, HIV might stick a hole in it, but I'd still use one.