Let's hope prospective interns aren't grading potential internships based on whether the company's web server melts down an hour after a post on hacker news. :-) All I get is a 500 error. I edit text all day with a black background, often with green text (but not blindingly bright green), and that still makes my eyes hurt. I didn't make it past the 2nd paragraph. aka "15 Reasons Why Your Written English Sucks". I could barely parse half of the sentences. If you're going to spam Hacker News and try to sell help desk services, at least put some effort into grammar, spelling, and formatting (some points are bold, some aren't, etc.) No way you're going anywhere near my customers. At least "wayfarer" is a word. I worked at "Adapx". Don't feel bad, everyone except the employees pronounced it wrong. The fact that the marketing company that charged them for it wasn't laughed out of the room amuses me. The decision makers had to have asked, "how do you pronounce it?" And they wrote a check anyway. ("Adapts" or maybe "adaps" is the intended pronunciation, I'm still not exactly sure and I worked there.) > I can assure you that steel frames are not your friend Speaking as one who spent $3500 on a steel-framed commuting/winter training bike, I obviously disagree. Aluminum rides rough and carbon is just silly on a commuter. Though to give you the benefit of the doubt, you did mention " That said, I would encourage anyone to get a degree if you have the opportunity. Sure, you can learn stuff on your own, but directed learning can save you time down the road. And the paper can help sometimes. On the other, other hand during the times I was a hiring manager I never really cared much whether someone had a degree or not. Demonstrable experience and chops are worth more to me. Thanks for the link. I may use Phabricator just so I have an excuse to dig through the rest of the docs. :) Well, that and it looks like it could be quite useful. What about the brake pads? With regenerative braking, I expect the pads on my Nissan Leaf to last almost as long as the car. Whether the $600/year is a good price is irrelevant. The matter at hand is "pay us $600/year or we void your warranty". It's shady, for one, and of questionable legality given Magnuson-Moss. With the regenerative braking on the Nissan Leaf (what I own and can speak to with some authority), pressing the brake pedal does not mean the pads touch disk. What happens most of the time, and for most of the braking right up until the car comes to a stop, is that the electric motor is turned into an electric generator. I can watch the meter on the dashboard switch from sucking-juice-from-battery to dumping-juice-in when I hit the brakes. I also assume there are some large capacitors involved, as I can't imagine any battery likes having 30kW being dumped into it. As far as I can tell the only time pads touch disk are 1) emergency stops when the generator can't cause enough load to safely stop the vehicle 2) below about 10mph (not much load from the generator) and 3) the battery is fully charged and has no room for additional electrons. The transition from generator to pad-and-disk can be felt if one is looking for it. In summary, the vast majority of the braking on the Nissan Leaf appears to be done without the conventional brakes. I assume the Tesla works in a similar manner, hence my comment. EDIT: added a third reason for conventional brake use.