Honestly, 'deserving of praise' makes no sense to me. There are only behaviours you want to reinforce and behaviours you want to discourage. I think I want to reinforce offering internships (giving the $100 in your example) so I wouldn't differentiate between the two cases and I'd praise them both. This company is stepping up when they are able to. Good. I want more of that. Yes, this will work and is current healthcare professional practice in many places. It will take a few days, though, so people usually line up like 5-6 and then rotate through those. If you can heat the masks that's cool, too, but then you have to make sure you don't damage the elastic or seal. Waiting will work. The introductory chapters of James Gleick's Chaos are about meteorology. When I read it I was blown away by the fact that these mathematical systems had sensitive dependence on initial conditions to such a degree that there was fractal complexity. Very cool! I had this belief that if I get another decimal point in in the observations I would get closer to the truth, but if 1.25 and 1.2 could yield diametrically opposing results that doesn't work. Threw me for a loop, honestly. Classic Related Stories: * Patriot Missile launchers must be rebooted periodically to account for accumulated errors from truncation: http://www-users.math.umn.edu/~arnold//disasters/patriot.htm... * Cruise missiles with memory leaks that do not matter because they'll reach the target before they allocate all memory: https://groups.google.com/forum/message/raw?msg=comp.lang.ad... That's a really cool program that it allows nominating someone from outside the company. Very nice! Congratulations to Daniel Stenberg and good show for Gaspar Chilingarov to nominating him. I was able to donate my masks through a local healthcare worker. They can still use it. The thing to remember is that mask reuse is possible and a damned good idea. Btw, as usual there's more misinformation as to what masks healthcare workers will find useful. People will tell you that you can't share those because they're contaminated - wrong! I already did so in a fully informed manner. People will tell you that you can't reuse - wrong! You absolutely can reuse. Keep eight. Keep them separate. Do not allow contact of anything with the inside. Keep them face up in an isolated area. One every day of the week. In fact, I'm just a random person. Don't trust me. Don't trust the agencies. Follow the actions people are taking that are working. Follow the evidence. I was talking to some folks about the ill-advised CDC and WHO recommendations on masks, the resulting poor handling by the US government, and the rampant cargo-culting by people on Twitter, Reddit, and HN who decided to just signal-amplify the misinformation from US government agencies without critical thought. While we were doing that, I decided to go see what Taiwan's timeline looked like. Pasting here for your sake. New Year's Eve: Rumours of viral pneumonia in Wuhan. All inbound flights from Wuhan subject to inspection Jan 5: All Wuhan travelers exhibiting upper respiratory inspections are now subject to screening Jan 20: First positive test Jan 21: Mask export ban, production ramp-up Jan 31: Taiwanese government forced monopsony on masks (1/3 reserved for healthcare personnel). Announces rationing first week of Feb Feb 2: Taiwanese defence personnel dispatched to bolster staffing at mask factories Feb 6: Mask rationing starts Feb 15: Mask production by end of month projected to be 10 million / day. Taiwanese population: 24 million Mar 9: Mask production 9.2 million / day Mar 16: Production 10 million / day Mar 22: Production 12.6 million / day April 3. Taiwan: Population 24 million. Density: 649 people/sq.km. First case: Jan 20. Cases: 348. Deaths: 5 April 3. Florida: Population 21.5 million. 136.5 people/sq.km. First case: Mar 7. Cases: 10268. Deaths: 170 Did we have to make the choice between the economy and lives? Did we have to choose between grandma and the dollar? Could policy have changed the outcome? You decide. That's not true. There are people who are making a living of trading Bitcoin whose lives will deteriorate. Since Bitcoin only functions when it's hard, cutting the energy consumption means cutting the thing. And attempting to control things like this is a whack-a-mole expedition. If you'd like to account for the carbon externalities, then do so. Tax carbon emissions. Proxy by purchases of fossil fuels if you have to. The reason we don't do that is that most people are rampant polluters. They know it, because when you put the numbers up, we know something interesting: most of those attempting to shame others here are rampant polluters, emitting large multiples of the median human's carbon. The truth is you can't maintain the standard of life you're talking about at the emissions necessary. Shame doesn't work here. Only policy. Tax the carbon if that's what you don't like. Tax the sound if that's what you don't like. Tax the land on its value if you think this is an uneconomical use of the land. But shaming is ineffective. You will walk away with the dopamine rush of outrage, having achieved nothing of note. Oh no, we absolutely should allow for people to change. Few things in the world are Pareto-optimal and we should not restrict change to Pareto-optimal things alone. But the comment I responded to said this: > We could cut the energy consumption of bitcoin to zero and the quality of life of everyone would not change at all. Now I'm not one to normally be pedantic, but if we actually treat this non-literally we're faced with an optimization problem: how much is it worth reducing the quality of life of these people to ensure that energy isn't "wasted"? So either you take the statement as a rhetorical flourish, in which case it is an inadequate response that merely relies on emotive appeals. Or you take the statement as literal, in which case it is obviously true. I guessed at a path but perhaps I should have articulated both sides. As it turns out I guessed wrong and you can see from his response that it was just an optimization problem inadequately specified. I don't think it will be effective. Are you interested in laying a bet with some time-frame? You don't have to be, but I find that it clarifies my priors appropriately.