How can anyone take the author's word on whether or not to put a full stop at the end of something when he puts a full stop at the end of the bullet points in his list? That's far worse usage than anything he's doing in the title/summary/smart synopsis. https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/bullet-points "And resulted into this" is a full sentence now? I guess. It's not really English though. The whole thing is serious bikeshedding in my opinion. I used to work on the algo-trading desk of a big brokerage firm (so writing trading algorithms that execute other people's orders for them), and I have to say almost always if someone sends a market order, it would be safer for them if they sent the same thing as an aggressive IOC ("Immediate or Cancel") limit order. The IOC flag gives similar semantics to a market order (in that no portion of your order is going to stay on the book if it's unfilled), but you are guaranteed to execute no worse than the limit you have set. This is clearly way better in situations where the market has big dislocations. Yes, completely agree. And in fact for my own trading I don't use stops because they introduce downside that isn't there in many other situations. On the quant trading analyses that I have done, adding stops frequently makes performance strictly worse while not helping that much when things get really extremely bad, because of course there is no guarantee of liquidity at your stop level if the market is dropping like a stone. So I've seen things like having a trigger in an order manager that at a certain price will place an aggressive IOC limit order to unwind something. In normal conditions that will behave exactly like an at-market stop loss order, except that in the case of really extreme disruption you won't get filled before your limit. So the hope is in those cases the market will bounce. You don't want to get unwound at any cost on your stop if the market is going to rapidly recover afterwards. It also means there's no information leakage if you're worried about your broker taking advantage of the information in your stop (paranoid, but yes...). As you've said, there's no panacea. Totally agree. It's fair to realise that there are consequences to deviation from standards, but (like many people) I don't consider the fact that IETF makes something a standard to be a binding requirment on me to do something on my boxes. For one thing, the standard was built for an extremely different internet than the one we have today. Hang on, if I'm going to be a real pedant, that section says that the host must implement an echo server that can reply to ICMP echo requests, it doesn't say that the host must reply to those requests. By that standard, OsX is compliant because it has the server. You don't have to enable the response. Ships' engines are amazing, but heavy fuel oil is really really gross stuff. It's basically all the bits of the barrel that are left after distillation. Ie what they've dug out of the ground but can't sell off for more money as aviation fuel, gasoline, diesel etc. Therefore it has really high sulphur content and very long/complex hydrocarbon chains that burn much less efficiently than gasoline or diesel. Louis Andriessen is also synesthetic (?sp). | In the scheme of things skipping a video won't kill a company. Skipping the video is not in itself what could potentially kill the company. However if clients are able to claim that their insurance was mis-sold by Zenefits, it seems to me that could. Mis-selling of payment protection insurance in the UK has already resulted in settlements north of 5 billion GBP, and the issue is not fully resolved yet. I do a lot of public speaking, presenting and demoing to audiences of various sizes, and am considered (by at least some people) quite good at this stuff. My advice would be just stop and think when you need to. It's completely fine and you will convey the impression that you are a serious and thoughtful individual, which is good. You can show that you were listening and are about to respond entirely through your body language. If you feel uncomfortable with that, there are a bunch of simple tricks you can use here and saying "umm..." is not a good one. One easy thing is to always ensure you have a glass/bottle of water. If someone asks a tough question and you need time to think, wait until they have finished their question, then take a drink of water. No-one thinks this is even slightly strange and it gives you time to think and make a considered answer.