Depends on the situation - a doctor can take his time during say, a cancer diagnosis, but not in the ER. Do you want a doctor who's trying to patch up your innards after a serious accident to look up where your pancreas is located? Inexperience leads to a lot of wasted time searching for things along the way. The more you know in your head, the better. Remember the wasteful spending back in the UNIX workstation days - a Sun 10 in every administrator's office for e-mail, and nobody ever had the training to use the things? It wasn't until quite recently in (PC land) that programming tools (namely compilers) were generally free, or even low cost. In the past you made due with crippled 'Turbo' or 'Quick' versions of the Borland or Microsoft products. $79.99 vs $799.99 for the full-blown version. Some vendors sold C compilers for the price of a used car. The PC C compiler market had a ton of players: Borland, Watcom, Symantec, Microsoft for 'real projects', while you had low-cost compilers from MIX and Mark Williams and some shareware products as well. You'll be paying extra for things like DOS Extenders, or sound and graphics libraries. DJGPP came along and gave DOS guys not only a 32-bit DPMI environment but a free compiler! By that time everyone was moving to Windows (except id software who gave us Quake as one last DOS classic). What did Visual C++ 6.0 cost? Anywhere from a couple hundred to a over a thousand USD depending on what version you got. Apple makes Xcode freely available, Microsoft has Express editions of their products, and Google makes their Android tools available for download. Plus, everything else can be had for free. Graphics library? Sound code? Physics engines? Go to Github. When you run out of passion, or will. >> I have never understood why people are willing to purchase dogs. Sadly, certain breeds of dogs are considered a status symbol, are trendy, or buyers think they can sell the offspring of said dog to recoup the costs (and then some). Remember the glut of Dalmations at shelters after the '101 Dalmations' movie came out? Every kid wanted one, parents bought them, and after realizing they can be very difficult dogs to live with, they were sent to the shelters. I thought this article was going to be about the $52 billion a year Americans spend on pets. Outdoor cats are a huge threat to wildlife as well. A skilled cat is capable of hunting just about anything in your backyard. Our provider allows us to modify firewall rules through their control panel. Perfect for when we have a dev working from home or a hotel room for a few days. I didn't know anything about computer languages except—a friend of mine had gone to MIT and, while he was there, he would Xerox pages out of books that were good topics, and he had sent me a lot of pages back from compiler design books. I wonder if MIT knew about students sharing information with the outside world 40 years ago. If this copyright violation would have not happened, we'd be in a world without Apple computer, or at least Apple BASIC. You can also tell it doesn't seem to do it when you move the mouse back to the original menu item.