I have done it up to maybe 75% from time to time. Most of what I do is in ssh sessions to other systems in Xterm windows, so that's easy to do in console especially with tmux. I read my email in a terminal as well. I still need a web browser mostly for administrative stuff at my office that is only provided with a web interface. Exactly. A snapshot is a point in time on the storage media. It allows you to make a backup as if the backup occurred at that point in time, i.e. files are not changing while the backup is running. A snapshot is not a guarantee that any particular file is consistent with the state of the application that is using it. It's still a backup of an "open" file with all the potential issues that implies. One concern with a very small phone is that it necessarily has a very small battery. If you can charge frequently, or you only use the phone for an occasional text message it may be OK for you, but if you're checking it every few minutes and active on social media you'll likely not be happy with it. The emissions weren't so pleasant, however! Thicker would not be an issue for me (up to a point). Especially on a very small phone. Would probably make it easier to hold. Run a tmux session, then you can scroll back as many lines as it preserves (configurable). The point is, that if you demo something and it's perfect, someone in the room is more than likely going to opine about a way it could be even better. Likely not another dev, but a product or biz person. Even if you deflect by saying "that wasn't in the story, but we'll add it to the backlog" that still takes time and unnecessary discussion. If you leave or introduce some trivially fixable but noticable flaw in the demo, that will (hopefully) get noticed and everyone can feel that they are doing their jobs without needing to make up something. Try to think about a way your product (or at least a minimal version of it) could work without "user management." Sounds counterintuitive but sometimes it is a requirement that has never really been thought about, just assumed to be necessary. Industrial waste incineration is not at all the same thing as burning trash in a backyard fire. That's good to know. My impression was based on other comments I had read (in particular about the Unihertz Jelly) and it seeming to make sense intuitively.