I like how the examples were all, bar one, longer than the long-winded CSS it was replacing ... looks like a good compromise of SASS though. I might jump! Ever heard of Dropbox? Potentially obsolete with Unite. Ever wanted to share all the photos/videos on your 120GB hard-drive? Unite does that too, bye-bye flickr. Ever wanted to host online chat - it's already there in your browser now. Ever wanted to listen to your music when all the files are on some other computer? Relay via Unite, it's in your browser. Want to host web-pages on your local computer? Don't want to install a web-server .. no problem. Really I find it awesome, I think we've only just scratched the surface here too. A genuinely new paradigm IMO, http://alicious.com/2009/opera-about-to-change-the-world/ . Welcome to the Peerweb. say it with me everybody - correlation is not equal to causation I used to be a heavy EE user about 5 years ago (IIRC) enough so that I got a free premium membership for a month. Thing is now i can't even read the answers I gave to some questions as I'm not a premium member ... unless I UA-switch to Googlebot of course (that worked last time I was there). EE always frustrated me, like Launchpad Answers does now, in that people with no clue how to solve the problem would answer and then no-one else would bother because someone already answered (Launchpad is far worse for this as any reply (except "more info needed) marks the question as "answered"). /rant Because you think Google are stupid enough to use an easily abused metric like down-votes (alone) to decrease SERP rankings? Bounce-rate would be a better metric (and again abusable) and they already have access to that for many sites. I'm guessing you actually mean it covers running costs on a small amount of ads. A small amount of ads doesn't pay many wage bills* - I'm guessing there are a equivalent of a couple of full-time people working on SO? Doing backups fighting off crackers, ensuring trust metrics aren't abused, making optimisation changes, upgrading hardware, etc.. 500000 uniques but how many ad clicks? I'd imagine their clicks-per-impression is really low on this sort of site unless the ad is the solution to the problem. People are focussed not aimlessly searching, they're also probably the sector most immunue to ads - computer experts at work. I can remember finding useful stuff there, I even wrote some answers. I don't use it now (perhaps been thrice in the last year or so) and find better info elsewhere often. But it still has utility. Next worthless anecdotal comment please ... In the 80s? Really? You heard about domain squatting back then? Why didn't you do it? You could have had sex.com, microsoft.com, sony.com, ... Suck it and see. The cost to you is pretty low financially. Buy up 10 domains, perhaps in a related field, do your magic on them and see if you can sell any ... when you sell one buy 10 more. Rinse, repeat. Failure and the reasons for failure (failblog!) can be entertaining, interesting and informative. I think the idea is good but most failures will just be - "we ran out of money", "we decided to do something else", "a key person had a family problem and left", "we had a rubbish idea". Mind you even these mundane things could be good if written well.