if students could declare bankruptcy there would probably be no student loans. there are already very few private loans available to students without substantial credit history or a cosigner. how could the numbers possibly work out? to graduate in four years from a state university (paying in-state tuition) costs about $44k. a typical college freshman has close to zero assets and no credit. if they have any income, it's probably a part-time minimum wage job. assuming they don't qualify for any aid, these people need to borrow about $10k each year and likely won't pay any of it back until they get a degree. now let's pause for a moment. how many ways can you get an unsecured $10k loan with limited to no credit history? they basically don't exist. you would need to build credit for a long time before you got a limit anywhere near that on a credit card, and their whole business model revolves around loaning people more money than they should. now consider that in the US, about 40% of students fail to get their bachelors in 6 years. obviously these people will not be able to use the degree to obtain employment, and probably will not ever pay down the debt in full unless they enter a lucrative trade that didn't require the degree in the first place. if we assume that the students who graduate are able to repay the loan, they have to pay a significant amount of interest before the lender breaks even on the group of loans. and keep in mind that there's no guarantee that a student who graduates has acquired a degree that actually improves their earning potential. so tl;dr: it is really hard to offer a reasonable loan of that size to an 18yo with no skills/assets who stands a substantial chance of either not finishing or finishing with a valueless (to the market) degree. the last time you could discharge student loans in bankruptcy without satisfying special conditions was 1976 in the US. but that was a time where an undergrad degree was relatively cheap, and not many people took out loans in the first place. I don't disagree that something is seriously messed up in this country's higher education system, but the discharge exemption for student loans is probably one of the few things that keeps the system even slightly economic. like I said above, you cannot just lend huge chunks of money to kids without making any risk assessment and also allow them to default whenever. at least, you can't do this unless your intention is to lose money. if I had to have a guess, I would say that the main contributor to our outrageous education costs is the government making all these uneconomic loans in the first place. feature imo. it doesn't seem inherently wrong that the long term residents should have more say than people who may just be passing through. that said, the degree of difference could still be very inappropriate. I think we see surprisingly little of anything search related. In terms of full-scale solutions, there is basically just Elasticsearch and solr. When you look at lower level libraries available, there is very little outside the Lucene world. > the natural conclusion according to the article's tone and content would probably be some asinine assertion like China > USA, Americans/British/people from Western society are silly/irrational/incompetent, communism > democracy, etc. i agree that the article was underdeveloped, but im not sure your critique is entirely fair. the author did go on for a while about that girl, nian, and how inhospitable china was to someone very similar to him. he also hints at how warped the party's version of chinese history is. i think its far from clear that the author thinks china is superior to the west, or vice versa. > Another point worth considering is this: why do we charge anything for using the subway? It unfairly hurts low-income workers. i don't disagree with your larger point about the benefits of incentivising alternative forms of transportation, but im not sure i can agree that it is "unfair" to charge low income workers literally any amount of money to ride the subway. when you look at the operating expenses vs. fare revenue for the subway, its already subsidized by the city and state at something like 50%. the fact that you can ride on the subway for the current price already represents a substantial transfer from wealthier citizens who pay more taxes. i think there is certainly room for debate as to what exactly the price should be, and there may be other compelling reasons why it benefits everyone to make it free; i just find it absurd to argue that making such an expensive service anything other than free is unfair. i think it depends on what you mean by "meddle". you can find helicopter parents in all walks of life (although near the bottom end you may find that some parents simply dont have the time to be this overbearing), but there are good and bad ways to be involved. bad: johnny complains that he got a 'C' on his freshman writing seminar term paper, so you go to the professor to argue his case for him. johnny is stressed out because he is finding it hard to concentrate on school and find an apartment for next semester at the same time, so you take over the apartment hunt for him. good: johnny needs to find a job, so you capitalize on your extensive network of successful friends and colleagues to put him in contact with people who might give him an interview. once he gets the interview, it's on him to prove his worth. or, johnny just transferred to a new school and his transfer credits are not immediately accepted so he cant register for any useful classes that semester. the counseling people tell him it will take a few weeks to evaluate his transcript and registration will be closed by then, so he may as well give up and start planning for next semester. luckily you happen to know the dean, and the process is expedited so johnny can actually make some progress that semester. the key is to distinguish between important challenges that the kid can figure out themselves (with some work) and structural obstacles that are simply insurmountable without the application parent's resources/experience. helping excessively with the first will result in you raising a manchild. helping with the second can actually give your kid a time advantage over their peers that doesn't hamstring their development. what would it look like to solve the problem of "free speech"? im not asking you to give a full implementation, but i am genuinely curious what your vision for the internet would look like for a day to day user. > In general, progressively pricing services is a mistake. Instead, we should be progressively supplementing incomes (minimum income, negative income tax, commuter cards, etc.) until people can afford market-priced bills, goods, and fees. OP acknowledges this and proposes an (albeit vague) solution. perforce has such a janky ui though. whenever i try to do anything significant with my company's codebase, the whole application locks up for hours. i guess i need to learn how to use the cli.