Yes, but if you solve that problem, it implicitly means that you have a fingerprint of me that can be correlated across the web. So, next time I access a different game, someone can know that I'm the same person who bought the original, and perhaps try to persuade me based on that. Whether anyone does so or not is irrelevant - the only way I can try to ensure it doesn't happen is to try to never leak this data about myself. And how are PPAs fundamentally different from downloading a Windows installer from the Internet? If I download the installer from the maintainer's site, there's 0 risk (assuming HTTPS). And the site giving the PPA link is just as likely to be a phishing site as the the one serving some exe. Except browsers will sometimes warn on strange executables, whereas none do on misleading PPA links. > Many languages don't have an IDE. Many are not suitable for one (especially ones closer to Lisp on expressiveness spectrum). This is a minor point of your comment, but I'd like to refute it: Lispers actually often cite IDE integration as one of the great features of Lisp. It may have lost pace a bit with some of the very best modern ones, but Lisps have had "modern" IDEs since about the 70s or 80s, with stuff like jumping to function definitions, finding usages of a function, looking up the docs etc. Even better, this is usually a part of the language runtime (predating most other language servers by quite a bit), so it can even apply to dynamic uses. On the one hand, giving disabled people some activity that helps them be independent and care for themselves sounds great! On the other hand, the idea that this could become a weapon against disabled people (why are you staying on benefits? go out and get a job for yourself, you lazy paraplegic!) is... scary. Especially given that it sounds mostly like a marketing gimmick, and that the very thing allowing them to interact with the world is not their own, but property of the store owners - i.e. they can't take the robot and move to a different caffe, they are tied to the benevolence of their boss. Overall, this is much more distopic than utopic, and should be discouraged in this form; but the technology is interesting and could be an asset in the lives of many people. The problem is also that Lambda works really poorly with anything that is NOT Cognito and DynamoDB. For example, we were using some CouchBase we deployed ourselves - however, that meant that the Lambda now had a network interface in a private subnet, and start times skyrocketed, especially for concurrent access. When we also started doing our own authentication with yet another Lambda, request times for cold lambdas (which also means every new concurrent connection, remember) almost doubled. There's also the fact that most of the code isn't really gone, it's just transformed from web server logic to lambda deployment/configuration logic. The biggest win all told seems to be security - at least with Lambda you don't need to worry about staying on top of OS updates and the likes. I'm not at all convinced that we gained much of anything else. Oh, and one thing that's rarely discussed is how much development&qa costs skyrocket when you have a larger team developing a fully serverless application, each with their own setup and running a few performance tests every few months... 10 things Jefferson would have thought about Lincoln! You won't BELIEVE number 7! > composing tiny bits is always good, whether it's unix commands, lisp functions, or forth words The problem with this type of thinking is that "composing tiny bits" is obviously good to anyone. BUT there are vast differences between composing unix commands and composing lisp functions (and composing tiny JS libraries in NPM etc.) and some of these are good, while some are not. It's actually very difficult to properly create a system out of composable, re-usable components. I would actually say that Unix pipes are a particularly bad model of how to do that (as are NPM micro-libraries). No well-defined interfaces, arcane naming etc. - they are all reasons why most modern versions of these tools have grown and grown. There's a wonderful quote about things like this in the Unix Hater's Handbook: > However, since joining this discussion, a lot of Unix supportershave sent me examples of stuff to “prove” how powerful Unix is.These examples have certainly been enough to refresh my memory:they all do something trivial or useless, and they all do so in a veryarcane manner. The problem with this line of thinking is that everything we do in our lives, especially rational thought and communication based on it, pre-supposes some sense of free will. In particular, it is well known that if you don't believe in any degree of free will, the stranger quantum effects (or basically any kind of statistical thinking) can be ignored - if the experiment to be run is itself pre-determined, then hidden variables that correlate the behavior of the experiment with the 'decisions' of the experimenter can't be ruled out anymore. Perhaps more fundamentally, if you believe that there is absolutely no free will, then of course this conversation is essentially pointless, eve though we were forced into it by the big bang. While being low-hanging fruit, these things are also fully irrelevant. If the entire world stopped using them tomorrow, it would barely be a blip on any climate model or ocean pollution model.