I've lost access to my account. Attempting to login to sillysaurus2 redirects me to https://news.ycombinator.com/null and doesn't actually process the login. I'm genuinely sorry, and I've sent an email to apologize. Moral of the story: Don't do what I just did. It earned me 10 upvotes followed by an instaban. the new Hacker News API allows easy programmatic access of story/comments and infinite chronological paging. You could download every Hacker News story in less than 2 hours without breaking the API request limit. Which API? https://www.google.com/search?q=hacker+news+api Using that API, you could download 48,000 hacker news stories in 2 days, so if there have been less than 48,000 submissions, then what minimaxir said is true. But first you'd need to generate a list of all 48,000 story ids, and there seems to be no way to actually do that. When trying to access page 2 via that endpoint: http://hn.algolia.com/api/v1/search_by_date?tags=story&hitsP... "you can only fetch the 1000 hits for this query, contact us to increase the limit" It was a nice try, but it did seem too good to be true. That's incredible. Will you upload the raw database somewhere, please? If you make a torrent, I'll help seed it. Would you email me at sillysaurus3@gmail.com whenever it's ready? This isn't a defense of Apple's choices, but: Using public implementations for crypto code has been difficult until pretty recently. There didn't exist many high-quality, trustworthy, public implementations of the types of crypto that real-world systems have wanted to do. Even now, the situation is pretty grim for anyone who wants to integrate crypto code into an existing large codebase. The canonical answer is "just use NaCl." However, I've had developers outright refuse to use NaCl because "it's so hard to compile." They were saying NaCl has some issues compiling on certain types of architectures, and issues compiling as a dynamic library. When libsodium was suggested in response, they retorted that libsodium was "NaCl but with modifications by people other than the ones you'd want making modifications to crypto code." In other words, libsodium purports to be "NaCl, but easy to integrate into your project," yet the reason it's easy to integrate is because someone other than recognized cryptography experts fiddled around with NaCl until it was easy to compile. So apparently it's an open question whether libsodium is as trustworthy as NaCl, and NaCl is a pain to integrate. All of this implies that the current situation is still not very good as of 2014 for people who want to just do crypto safely and in some standard way. And rather than writing that code in 2014, Apple had to write it years ago, when the situation was far more painful than the present day's shortcomings. To answer your question, yes, there are public implementations which could theoretically be used. But actually using them is... difficult. Not nearly as difficult or as error-prone as rolling your own, but perhaps difficult enough where someone who isn't an expert in cryptography might make the dire mistake of believing that rolling their own is less difficult. I wish Matasano would publish an open-source crypto library. An "NaCl that's easy to use and that people actually trust." They have the resources and the credit to pull it off. Alternatively, I wish we could gather funds to have them audit libsodium. Also, all of this is based on the assumption that NaCl or libsodium actually meet the needs of what Apple was trying to do with this crypto code. It probably doesn't, because NaCl / libsodium provides a complete replacement to the entire crypto stack of an application. To take a wild guess, I'm thinking that Apple needs to implement / interact with some other kinds of crypto than what NaCl/libsodium provide. For example, certificate validation. So then you'd suggest "use cryptlib!" but this is hampered by the fact that in addition to all the previous considerations, cryptlib also isn't free. What you say is true. But security through obscurity doesn't work, because people are very good at reverse engineering and decompiling. So your choices are either: open source your crypto code and suffer some embarrassments which people will forget and forgive, or have closed source crypto code that either doesn't work or can be exploited in subtle ways. Pick your poison. :) 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 is less secure than just using scrypt, and probably less secure than just using bcrypt. But the code looks correct as written. It seems like a red flag that it took more than 50 lines of code to do this simple thing, though. EDIT: Specifically, should the PBKDF2 "key", not be used for something (like HMAC) rather than being used as the hash itself? Using the output of 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 as an input to HMAC wouldn't get you any extra security. Is this true? Hmm... It seems I was wrong. Well, damn. Oh well.