Padmapper (and 3taps) don't scrape craigslist though. They get all info from public sources such as search engine caches. I'm assuming the URL is supposed to automatically update to 'save' my changes, but it's not happening in my Firefox 18.0.1. Hmm, nor in IE9, although I notice the default text is completely different. Is there a save button I'm somehow not seeing? Also in IE9 I get this JS error: SCRIPT438: Object doesn't support property or method 'atob' editor.js, line 161 character 3, which prevents any of the controls from functioning. Awesome idea, but all it ever gives me is a loading bar. shapecatcher.com/engine/recognize eventually returns "504 Gateway Time-out" Perhaps I'm the exception, but I regularly use the related posts and even occasionally the 'temporal navigation' features of blogs I find via HN and other such sources. I know they wrote at least one good article, so I'm happy to spend a bit of time looking for more. So personally, I hope no one writing decent content takes this advice. Your title is one example of how not to launched a successful product. OK, it's 4am, so presumably part of my brain is asleep, but I'm missing something here. If the latencies were unconstrained, I would agree that it is impossible to solve the initial riddle. However, since it states that there are only two possibilities, 2s:2s or 3s:1s, it sure seems solvable to me. You have two equations and three variables, but you don't need to solve for the three variables. You can eliminate the skew and end up with a single equation and two variables - the two latencies. That allows you to solve for the difference between the latencies. And since the possibilities are constrained, that is sufficient to solve the problem. Of course, in a real world scenario the possible latencies would not be discrete, so indeed the problem would not be solvable. But that's not how it was presented. So either the puzzle was poorly constructed as an analogy for the real-world scenario, or (more likely) my sleepy brain is missing something fundamental. Somebody help me out. Ah yes, and looking at it in the morning, my resulting single equation is degenerate. I had a sign wrong last night, which suggested I'd solved for the difference between the two latencies. Actually (of course) I'd solved for the sum of the two latencies, which as the article mentioned, is all you can really determine. facepalm The first comment there (by Leslie Wheeler) summarizes the ridiculousness nicely: "We may have an early candidate for Worst Illinois Senate Bill of 2013. First of all, Illinois does not have jurisdiction over the entirety of the internet. Illinois has jurisdiction over Illinois. Geographical location isn't all that important to the web hosting industry - for the most part, a datacenter in Chicago is just as good as one in, say, Dallas or Seattle. This means that the only thing this bill would actually succeed in doing is driving internet-related business (both individual online businesses, as well as the infrastructure that supports them, ie, webhosting companies and datacenters) out of the state. Good job representing our interests there, Ira. More importantly, though, this is plainly unconstitutional. It's absolutely embarrassing that any elected representative of US citizens would suggest that there should be a host of state-defined rules that must be met before one is allowed to exercise their first amendment right to free speech. Just for funsies, here's what SCOTUS thought of anonymous speech in McIntyre V. Ohio Elections Commission: 'Protections for anonymous speech are vital to democratic discourse. Allowing dissenters to shield their identities frees them to express critical minority views... Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority.... It thus exemplifies the purpose behind the Bill of Rights and of the First Amendment in particular: to protect unpopular individuals from retaliation... at the hand of an intolerant society.'" When they're adequately backed up, as in this circumstance, why not? Send the data in triplicate if you want, just to avoid the hassle of re-sending any that get damaged. Regardless, the cost would be trivial, even for young-Google. Originally was going to chastise you for typing your actual passwords into a random demo version that could have been modified in whatever way. But since it's all js I guess it's a simple matter to verify it's not transmitting anything. Although I guess it could be some really devious thing where it saves the info in a cookie to be snagged later or some such. Did you check the JS code? ;)