A self-paced version of that course is (still) available now: https://class.stanford.edu/courses/Engineering/Compilers/Fal... Possible downside: Apple could end up bidding against Tesla for employees, factories, and rare materials; increasing the price of electric cars and slowing Tesla's production and growth, while not producing many cars itself for some time. That's what I thought at first too, but as I thought about it, I began to wonder. They certainly have the chutzpah to try, and they have an ocean of money to spend overseas. A longshot bet on building another trillion dollar product might be preferable to paying corporate and personal income tax on dividends. I think bdcravens means that to install Go from source on, say, a new Linux box, we will have to download a binary version of Go first, even though we probably already have gcc. What happens if this catches on, and PyPy replaces CPython, and other languages do the same? Hassles for those who prefer to install from source, and potentially a lot of duplication of effort writing compiler backends in every language. After 9/11, a lot of Americans wanted to see "the terrorists" suffer, but there may be something dangerous about a person who can bear to personally inflict the torture. Just having people in power who are willing to order torture worries me. No, I was just pointing out a drawback. Of course there are advantages too. In this particular case, though, I wonder why the Go team is planning to spend a lot of effort rewriting an already existing compiler. Rewriting a popular project from scratch can be a dangerous temptation. I agree the installation issues are fairly trivial; they were just a response to the original comment. But the duplication of effort (which won't end when the "GoGo" compiler is ready to replace cgo), and a potential freeze in Go while "GoGo" catches up, are more serious drawbacks. Yes, that is a trade-off other compiler teams have made, and it may be the right choice for Go as well, but it should be (and no doubt has been) considered. "There is a joy in programming with Haskell. ... There's so much working Haskell code out there, that you can just stare at days for and not really understand (but always use!)." Is that a positive quality of Haskell? A professor once told me he studied pure math _because_ it had no applications. Industrial jobs required a great deal of skill until they were broken down into easy tasks and each worker learned only one task. The work of imagining, planning, and creating the Industrial Revolution occupied the greatest minds of that time. I find it difficult to imagine "assembly lines" for software, creating coding jobs within the reach of a 50 year old truck driver, but as the tools improve, who knows.