I don't know what field these languages are "taking by storm" -- it certainly isn't the field of corporate software development. Java and C# have the following advantages: - Familiarity, which means programmers are easy to hire and can finish projects without overcoming a learning curve - A huge amount of high-quality libraries for almost any task - Good IDEs and build tools - The concepts are not exotic. The object-oriented features are now the industry standard. Nobody wants to spend the time to learn these new languages if they don't offer a significant improvement over Java and C#. Of the ones you listed, Scala is the most likely to succeed because it can interoperate smoothly with Java and offers concurrency features that Java does not. Twitter's successful use of Scala has also contributed to the language's popularity. National debt is different from household debt for many reasons, including the fact that the government operates a central bank, prints its own currency, does not have to apply for credit, passes the laws that specify the terms of the debt it owes, etc. Plus, in the case of the United States, the national debt is in the form of one of the safest and most widely held investment vehicles in the world : US treasury debt. To argue that government debt is the not any different from household debt is to ignore all of those things. As a former grad student, I am not at all surprised by this. Academia is a very personality-driven world where prestige, connections, and social capital matter at least as much as the quality of one's work. The prestige, influence, and connections of one's department and dissertation advisor make a huge difference, and the most prestigious advisors tend to work at the most prestigious universities. In a job market with so few openings, especially in the humanities, this clearly has a distorting effect. I suspect that if the job market were not so bad, the effects described in this study would be reduced. I was referring specifically to the academic job market, which is about as bad as it has ever been. In humanities disciplines, there are hundreds more graduates than jobs every year. When I was in graduate school, I was somewhat involved in the process of hiring a few professors. Whoever we would have hired was probably going to get tenure and remain in the department for decades. Intangible personal and interpersonal aspects of the candidates were therefore about as important as the quality of their research, because nobody wants to be stuck working for 20 years with someone they don't feel comfortable with. Naturally, this has a tendency to perpetuate the gender and race imbalances in academia. The C programmers whom I know don't like Go because it doesn't have pointer arithmetic, and the runtime does some "magic" stuff like the goroutines. A lot of C programmers don't really like encapsulation as much as people who are used to object-oriented languages. C++ and Java programmers see Go as an intentionally crippled language without inheritance or generics, which they can't quite wrap their heads around. Java programmers have a very hard time accepting the lack of dependency versioning, and the Go team's insistence that it is not important is mind-boggling to anyone who has been using Maven for years. Ruby and Python programmers see Go as a step back in usability and syntax, and those who have not used a statically-typed language see a lot of boilerplate. On top of all of that, any of the aforementioned ecosystems have a large set of libraries that are widely known and standard in the industry. I like Go, and I think most programmers would like it if they gave it a chance, but I think it challenges too many peoples' preconceptions. Compare that to Scala, which you can sell as "better Java" and get people on board immediately. Have other platforms done this? I'm having trouble thinking of a language toolkit that has dependency management built by the core team. All of these solutions are third-party, they have just become the de-facto standard: Java uses Maven or Gradle: third party Python uses pip: third party Ruby uses gems: third party Node.js uses npm: third party I'm sure I'm missing some, but this seems to be the norm. Go just hasn't been around long enough for a single third-party solution to become the de facto standard. Despite the assertions made in the article, the adjunct system is sustainable, because there is no shortage of naive, delusional people who will complete graduate degrees despite knowing full well the state of the academic job market. I know people stuck on the treadmill of adjuncting, and their resistance to the idea of working outside of academia is amazing. They are still holding out for the impossible. De Anza is one of the better community colleges in an area with high cost of living. In other places, community college instructors make a lot less. Increasing inequality, and a decline of the wages of the middle class, are worldwide phenomena that are occurring in most first-world countries. The effects of trends are currently the most extreme in the United States, but I'd be willing to bet that the US just got here first, and others will follow. I won't pretend that anyone really knows why this is happening (although a few causes seem fairly obvious), but it is clearly a worldwide phenomenon, and looking for causes only in the United States is a bit myopic.