In the code the link points to, I just see another C-like language. What "good ideas" should I be looking at? I am not Oberon expert, but in any other language I'd say this code is pretty bad: - logic errors: We keep going even if error occurs (none of the error checks have return in them). - In two different source files, "System" is imported under two different names. Is this just to confuse the readers? - Hardcoded string length (Mod.s:17). If someone to change the message, you have to be very careful to update the length. - Arbitrary constants (why '2' in Mod.s:23)? I used to program in Pascal long time ago (Turbo Pascal dialect), but the link does not show any of Pascal-specific functionality. Where are types with unusual range (var i: 0..15)? Where are arrays with non-zero based ranges? Where is the neat interface/implementation separation? Is there runtime-based range checking? Because I do not see it, and I bet if I changed this "17" to "117", it will just send extra 100 bytes of un-initialized memory over the socket. This particular code does not have any pascal-y language features. What is the point of the post? If it was to demonstrate that Oberon is good for teaching / real stuff / general purpose programming / something else, then it failed. To me, the points of the post is: "hey, this language is not dead! We can now fork() and do socket ops!". Is this intentional? Do you have quantitative information about that? I was always wondering how big is Fukushima's nuclear incident zone (in km^2) today. How much bigger is it compared to coal waste ponds / landfills, or hydroelectric dam which provides the same amount of power? Looking at Stripe's API docs, it seems their preferred payment technology is javascript popup which asks for CC number directly. If the technology has been 'properly implemented', only Stripe will see the credit card details, but as a consumer, I have no way to tell if the technology has been implemented properly. As a result, I feel it is much safer to avoid typing my credit card number into random websites. Thus, my first reaction to a site which asks for my credit card (directly or via Stripe) is 'OK, are there any alternatives which take a safer payment method' Replace "containers" with "virtual machines" (because really, the containers are secure only until the next kernel exploit, which happens fairly often), and you get Qubes OS: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/architecture/ It tries to move everything into containers, including hardware drivers, and if you read their architecture paper you will see their design ends up being nontrivial. I feel that author is very enthusiastic, but there are some pretty serious errors: "... fight between Docker and systemd is inevitable" -- this fight has been going for a while (at least a year): https://lwn.net/Articles/676831/ "... The reason why you'll do this, rather than compose everything yourself, is compatability. Whether it's kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants or a hundred variations that make your OS build different from mine. Building and testing software that runs everywhere is a sisyphean task. " -- kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants (in form of docker daemon version) are still going to be around and would still affect containers. So you traded "test on Fedora, RHEL, Ubuntu" with "test on AWS docker, Tectonic, OpenShift". Yes, you no longer have to worry about .so versions, but there are still plenty of reasons to test in multiple environment. "... the operating system is an implementation detail of the higher level software. It's not intended to be directly managed ..." -- yeah, so I have this proprietary SAN.. or a dual 10G cards which need to be tuned and bonded... or a mix of fast and slow disks... or even any non-trivial RAID setup... Those things are the most annoying parts of managing your own servers and unfortunately they are not going anywhere. Isn't the 'disconnection support' (and by extension, roaming) one of the big points of tmux? This is one of the reasons why I never bothered with mosh -- I have screen/tmux, what's the point? I have cryptsetup, so I am probably vulnerable, but I do really care -- I do not have BIOS password, nor do I physically disable my USB ports. If I wanted to get a root shell with the disk still encrypted, it would be much more convenient to just boot from the USB stick. And in the case of "libraries, ATMs, airport machines" it is likely there will be no boot-time passwords at all -- regular login process will likely be more convenient for many reasons. yes, but the same could be done by simply booting from USB stick. How does this vulnerability makes it worse? (unless one has BIOS password and strong physical security) Related comic: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/dinosaurs what's next, eye-stalks?