Anyone who thinks using wolfram alpha for math is cheating has never tried using it for non-trivial calculations. Yeah, it will save you the time of looking up an integral from a table, but it's worthless if the integral isn't in a standard table. It will save you time on looking up the equation for the area of a dodecagon, but it won't prove that equation. It will save you time figuring out the units of the final answer, but it won't tell you if those units are logical. Wolfram alpha only saves people from the tedious busywork of basic arithmetic and algebra, the user still needs to do all the math. Facebook is merely one of the many successors to Friendster, which in turn descends from such social platforms as Geocities and Usenet. Facebook managed to emerge as a major social network by occupying a specific niche, namely it was exclusively for college elites. By the time it branched out enough that anyone could join, and thus sought to topple myspace, it already had a huge userbase filled with socially influential people. Plenty of other social networks have also popped up and become wildly popular: twitter, instagram, snapchat, reddit, tumblr, pinterest, etc. None of them are clones of facebook, but they are as similar to facebook as facebook was to myspace when it launched. No one is going to switch to a new social network that none of their friends are on unless that new network offers some valuable feature that the original fundamentally lacks. Just look at Orkut: it was a perfect facebook clone with the backing of goolge that became wildly popular in places where facebook hadn't yet become predominant, like Brazil, but it couldn't topple facebook in established markets because no one had friends already on orkut. Google tried and failed to launch many social networks, their mistake every time was that they tried to move on facebook without a sizeable userbase. Facebook has worked tirelessly to integrate every valuable innovation in social networking very rapidly. They've added hashtags, newsfeeds, video sharing, video chat, etc. No new network has had both a large userbase and a valuable new feature at the same time, and thus no network has been in a position to take on facebook as a general social network. Presumably Facebook will remain king until either it loses its vigilance (which seems very unlikely so long as Zuckerberg is at the helm) or a valuable new social networking feature is developed that Facebook fundamentally can't integrate. For this latter case, there are in turn two possibilities: Facebook can't integrate a feature because it is too technically challenging (which seems unimaginable given the resources facebook devotes to its engineering and acquisitions) or the feature is just incompatible with the rest of facebook's user experience (in which case this new social network won't resemble facebook much at all). Thus I would posit that, while facebook is not guaranteed to always be on top, there will never be a new facebook that replaces it. Facebook is the Tyrannosaurus Rex of friendster-like social networks. The latest Proton can get payload to orbit for a lower price per kg than an expendable Falcon 9. The price difference isn't huge, less than 10%, and it comes at the cost of using UDMH/NTO for its propellant. This propellant combination is both highly explosive and highly toxic. It's an acceptable propellant choice for ICBMs, which the Proton was developed as, but for everything else it's really unacceptable. The price of the Proton also does not include development costs, making every flight in essence subsidized by the Russian government. Once the price of the Falcon 9 drops due to reusability, it will be the cheapest launch vehicle per kg of payload. Way more people want to click on a link that takes them to netflix than to a wikipedia page about the 14th letter in the english alphabet or a random game from 2004. I'm working on something similar to this for prospecting. Unfortunately a major issue is that even minor impurities can radically alter the appearance of minerals. Google corundum if you want a good example. Another issue is that people tend to post pictures online of exceptional samples which are pretty much by definition very different from what one would expect to find in nature. Finally, visual inspection is often not sufficient to determine what mineral something is, even if you know exactly what to look for; other tests such as scratch tests or chemical tests, etc are used to make the final determination. All in all you're probably not going to be able to make a general rock identifier that gives useful results for everything. You may get away with something more limited, but even then you're going to need a better database of images than google for training. I agree though it would be cool to have. They're taking offense to the title being a mischaracterization of the paper, not to the result in the paper I'd say drop the first 7 questions. You have no reason to doubt anyone who can do the last 4 can do the first 7, and you have no reason to care whether anyone who can't do the last 4 can do the first 7. Unless you specified how to do so in your operating agreement (in which case you wouldn't be asking us) you can't fire a co-founder. Either he can leave of his own volition, or you can. I'm going to assume what you mean is "how do I convince my cofounder to leave?" While you say that your co-founder lacks the skills you need right now, you also say he has skills that will be valuable in the future, plus the fact that you are worried about losing his contribution during the busy season implies that he does make some contribution right now significant enough to worry about losing. You clearly need to bring someone else on so that you have the skills you need (no sense in trying to fit a square peg into a round hole), but that doesn't automatically mean you need to get rid of your current cofounder. It sounds like the startup is generally healthy and you are just reaching the point where you need to expand. This expansion may require raising more money or tightening your belts, but I would not throw away a proven good partner if there were another viable option. It's not necessarily unfair to ask him to tighten his belt more than you, though I would hesitate to adopt the mindset that it's his fault you need to expand. Now if the problem isn't that your co-founder lacks the ability to do what the startup needs but rather is refusing to do what the startup needs, that's a different situation. I imagine this isn't a personality issue if you've worked together well before, more likely you just have different visions for what the startup needs. In such cases, it's good to have some third party to talk to, such as your investors or any advisors your company may have. It's easy to disagree with someone, it's very tough to disagree with everyone. At the same time though, instead of going in with the intention of forcing him to see things your way, look to understand his vision and consider modifying your own to an acceptable compromise between the two. Imagine you have 8 companies, each with one open position and different job requirements, and 7 coders who each apply to all 8 open positions and who each have different expertise. Every company extends an offer to the candidate who is best for them. No company hires more than 1/7th of the applicants, and every company hires only the best, yet at the same time there are not enough coders to go around. Of course at the same time, the companies getting flooded with more applicants than they can hope to process are not the same companies struggling to fill positions, and the coders struggling through interviews are not applying to the jobs that will take anyone with a pulse. Writing code is like writing a book. You're not going to nail it on the first draft. It's okay to use a library that's probably not right for what you're doing but you can make something work, and then come back later and reimplement it with a more appropriate library. In fact, the problems you run into during the sub-optimal first draft will tell you what tools are really the best for your project. It can also help to have someone else to keep you on track. Find a friend, a family member, a mentor, etc who is willing to take a few minutes every week to play around with what you create and give you some feedback. Having someone who you can show off to when you work hard, and who will be disappointed if you don't, is a pretty good motivator.