As I understand this, the CMU team allegedly deanonymized SR2 in the course of their research, and then shared the information with the FBI. Once they had done that, they were allegedly forced to withdraw their Black Hat presentation. There's also the issue that the CMU team had NSA funding. I haven't seen any claims that the CMU team was initially focusing on SR2 and other "illegal" sites. But I wouldn't be surprised by that. If that's what happened, it wasn't a wiretap. It was a tip. It's common knowledge that the FBI, DEA, etc have typically relied on the NSA for such exploits. But this would not have helped against the attack described here: https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-security-advisory-relay... Once a malicious relay becomes an entry guard for a hidden service, it's game over. The association of SR2 deanonymization with CMU's withdrawn Black Hat presentation is indeed speculative. But there's arguably more to it than innuendo. Time will tell. It's well known that the DoD has funded Tor from the start. But it's at least decent of them to independently fund CMU to compromise it ;) I'm thinking mainly of EFF, Bamford's books, and the Snowden releases. Are you claiming that parallel construction isn't SOP? Reaching way back, why do you think that the Weathermen got a pass in Chicago? There's also the fact that iCloud backups are encrypted with keys that Apple controls. So even if messages are securely end-to-end encrypted, Apple can produce available iCloud backups. Right. End-to-end encryption is just one of three key aspects. The second is hiding or randomizing metadata. Old-school Mixmaster nyms with Tor transport and alt.anonymous.messages as inbox does a good job. It's fatal weaknesses are complexity, and consequently small anonymity space. Services such as CounterMail, Tutanota and ProtonMail are taking user-friendly (abeit weaker and proprietary) approaches. DarkMail may eventually be a fundamental solution, but may be too ambitious. The third is end-point security. It's crucial to use full-disk encryption, and to avoid being exploited. That involves both software and wetware hardening. But even that's inadequate. It's essential to compartmentalize unconformable information in separate and isolated compartments. Isolation comprises all aspects: devices, network and Internet connectivity, communication partners, and so on. Using dm-crypt/LUKS, there's a very fast and total wipe to execute when sensors fail. Let's assume that /dev/sdb1 is the LUKS volume. First backup the LUKS header: "cryptsetup -v luksHeaderBackup --header-backup-file=/tmp/LUKS-header /dev/sdb1". Then encrypt (gpg -c) the LUKS-header, and anonymously stash a few copies online. This is the weak point. You must remember where at least one of them is, and also remember the passphrase. When sensors fail, swatd runs "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; sync; shutdown -P now". To recover, you would just boot into initramfs, restore the LUKS header, and reboot. How about "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; xinput set-int-prop 2 "Device Enabled" 8 0; xset dpms force off; xscreensaver-command --lock; sync; echo o > /proc/sysrq-trigger"? That way, the keyboard and display would be gone while sync was completing. Also, does rebooting protect better against reading RAM than shutting down? Many VPN services now provide obfuscated access. Some use haggismn's XOR patch for OpenVPN. Others provide access via SSH, Stunnel (SSL) and/or obfsproxy (obfs3). I presume that any approach developed for Tor could be used with VPN. Using meek, traffic is obfuscated and routed through arbitrary third-party sites.