I call fake. See http://pastebin.com/64PAAV1c Same data, one month old. Millions of machines about to loose MS support. Millions of machines unable to run windows 7/8/9. Millions of people suddenly very interested in linux. MS isn't worried that people won't upgrade. They are worried that they will. Also, this may have to do with the Target malware as the afflicted POS machines appear to be running XP. lol, I meant to say that they will be installing linux on the old XP machines, without buying new hardware. There are plenty of tiny distros that could keep those XP machines running safely for many years. An invasion scenario came up far more recently, during the Quebec referendum: 1.Quebec separates from Canada. 2.Northing Quebec (Native) separates from south (French) 3.Protesters interrupt power lines through northern Quebec. 4.New York City goes dark. 5.US Paratroopers land in northern Quebec to restore NY power. Why? Because students today are focused on "doing well". That means getting good grades. Look at your tests, be them locally-created or standardized. How are they graded? Do students get good grades for debate or mechanically computing the right answer? Who? An American culture that constantly enforces a science v. arts dichotomy. I say American because in no other country is this split enshrined in language: Metric units for the scientists and English for everyone else. I say American because few other countries produce so many millionaires with zero science education. Look at your student's role models. Athletes. Celebs. Seth McFarlin. Politicians. Donald Trump. The American system does not reward scientific creativity in the same way it does social aptitude. Change would be painful, so painful that it cannot happen for a generation or two Just try suggesting highway signs be changed from mph to kph. And that's easy part. Canada uses the same scheme. It isn't incorrect, just different. A "supreme" court is one of general jurisdiction and are the highest court to which an issue may be brought (as opposed to appellate courts which do not hear issues directly). They are supreme over courts of limited jurisdiction such as family or probate courts. The US Supreme Court (federal) actually uses the same name scheme as New York and Canada. All district and appellate are limited geographically, with the supreme court being the only court of general jurisdiction (Amongst the fed. All US fed courts are technically limited). But some actions can still be brought directly to the SCOTUS such as disputes between states over land. So it is not purely an appellate court, hence the term supreme. Blink and you've missed it. Everyone has to go down eventually. 99.999999% up still means some down. Not stealth. Far to many flat 90/45* surfaces and corners. Nobody with any understanding of radar was involved in the design of that thing. Not supercavitating. Supercavitation is based on cavitation, not sucking down air from the surface. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercavitation . And the amount of energy needed to create a supercavitation void around those hulls ... The Shkval is essentially an underwater rocket and it still uses exhaust gases to top up the bubble in which it flies (see the little holes near the nose) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VA-111_Shkval . Not a hydrofoil. No foils. It looks to be a SWATH hull (Small Waterplane Area Twin Hull) another great Canadian invention. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small-waterplane-area_twin_hull Who did this guy know at Businessweek to get this sales pitched turned into an "article"? Ya, but that ship was an actual hydrofoil. The foils act like wings to generate lift from movement. The thing in the OP uses movable pontoons, buoyancy, to haul itself up regardless of speed. Note also that real hydrofoils angle their foils in parallel to the hull. It's essentially a dihedral effect like that of an airplane. As the ship lists one way, the foil on the downward side pushes more directly upwards, righting the ship. The 'foils' on the OP are mounted in the opposite manner, generating opposite effect. If they generated any actual lift the ship would flip instantly. Which was based on the real Sea Shadow. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Shadow_%28IX-529%29