To me, those aren't really signs of growth, other than being able to take a punch. 1. Writing a professional product, from scratch to completion, by yourself or as a team lead, while doing every aspect of the project: BA, PM, design, architecture, server install, data model (if applicable), code, comments, documentation, QA, deployment, support. 2. Pick up a complete mess that someone else wrote, who is no longer available. Read it, really understand it, and be able to refactor it into something worth while. As stated, most of the things the OP listed are really just academic and he should have done those in school, as they have been done as nausium. Rarely do you need to do those anymore. That's unsettling. When I earned my MIS degree (with a bunch of CS courses) in 1997, you had the opportunity to get a great education, but you also had an opportunity to coast by. Back then, everything was done in "teams." You had people who took the bull by the horns, and you had people who were trying not to drown. C's get degrees, as we used to say. Now, learning people with MS in CS have the same issues is what's really jarring. There were so many weed-out courses in BS CS, I couldn't imagine someone getting as far as a MS CS without knowing the basics. Having said that, I earned most of my chops on "the street," with a great mentor many years ago. We really challenged each other want wanted to show each other how smart we were. Good times. Do you know where they got their degree? ITT Tech or something? I assuming you mean writing all the business logic in stored procs and functions. Every time I've seen this, it ended up horribly. I use the database for storage and data validation only. I write a middle tier for the business logic, and of course the front end layer. I'm not saying it can't been done well, but it poses enough problems that are difficult to avoid, like calling an external web service inside a stored procedure, and the general mess of maintaining a bunch of chained stored procedures, functions. It also guarantees vendor lock-in. >Except now I have to jump through hoops with HR (let's just assume they'd be OK with this, which they almost certainly won't), get the contract in place, work with IT to get your environment set up, and bring you up to speed (so really I may get one full day of actual work)... just to realize that I don't want to hire you. There are two major reveals in that sentence. One, HR rules your hiring practice and therefore you and your department, and you just advise them. Two, your company is so soul-suckingly bureaucratic, I couldn't imagine a good, creative, problem solving developer would ever want to work there. Both are red flags. Hah. I was thinking that too. While I was reading the article, I was thinking about how I would do it. Then I read the wall of text that was the ideal solutions and thought, "wow, what the hell are coders doing these days?" No they aren't. They are a diagram of a process. Code is the instructions used to implement that process. You shouldn't be so smug either. Look up the prefix pseudo. "supposed or purporting to be but not really so; false; not genuine." Another definition, "not genuine; sham." Pseudocode is not computer code as to your assertion. I think you are basing your argument that anything written down that can be turned into code is pseudocode. That is also not correct. Pseudocode has a very specific definition. Here is one: "Pseudocode is an informal high-level description of the operating principle of a computer program or other algorithm. It uses the structural conventions of a normal programming language, but is intended for human reading rather than machine reading." Flow charts do not use the structural conventions of normal programming languages, they use shapes and text. If you are writing pseudocode (the actual definition, not your made up one) every day, you are wasting everyone on your team's time. If you are drawing diagrams every day on a whiteboard, you are still probably wasting everyone's time. Ok, so I guess by your omission, you agree that pseudocode is not code and flow charts are also not pseudocode. I don't care about the rest, you can whiteboard all you want. We analyze the problem, then solve it in our heads, usually by the time we've finished talking about it. White boarding just seems way over the top, especially if it takes more than one person to solve a problem every day. Sounds like development by committee. What's 2+2? Lets go to the whiteboard! Out of curiosity, what industry are you in and stack do you use? Pseudocode has a definition, you can't just make one up in an attempt to not look foolish. No, automation with AI. DSS mostly. Stacks aren't just for web. I guess if you are unwilling to share your stack or any information other than the fact that you write stuff on paper and don't know what pseudocode is, then we don't have much to discuss, and you haven't really made any convincing arguments to your "superior" coding methods. I've seen enough BS in my 20 years to recognize yours. You have a strange view of reality, my friend.