I'll raise the possibility of recycling the old "e" prefix, once more. e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) It might even be applied in initially unanticipated ways. E.g. e-lag (a takeoff of jet-lag): That tired, time-shifted feeling you get from 2 am "global" meetings, without the necessity of actually getting on a plane. It also can be taken to refer to things electronic, in general. Thus it might well be retroactively applied to activities such as programming the VCR clock, and the like. Whatever the phrase that sticks, an important component will be its easy pronunciation. "Road rage", "jet-lag". Simple and with preferred syllabic structure. For more on that, google some of Theo Vennemann's (linguist) work on optimal syllabic structures (I assume its out there somewhere). That was supposed to read: e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) Not all on one line. Guess I'm experiencing a little e-rage over this non-intuitive aspect of the comment editor. The links provided are "MacBroken". Here they are, fixed: http://www.satisfice.com/articles/hrbt.pdf http://www.stickyminds.com/getfile.asp?ot=XML&id=13289&#... http://www.cs.tut.fi/tapahtumat/testaus04/schaefer.pdf Or maybe it's NoScript getting in the way. Anyway... Yes. And self understanding can help avoid some of the counter productive if not destructive advice that comes from the "mainstream". It may sound like obligatory appeasement, but the "different not better" language really does come to apply to one's understanding as one ages. Particularly if you've not been successful, and observe those around you who were once a bit in awe of what you could do, having successful lives (in your own eyes) while you continue to flounder from one poor fit to the next. If I'd known then, what I know now, I could have made some better choices. I feel I've squandered a lot of what I have to offer. I'm most happy when I am truly helping others, but the course I've ended up on has left me largely at odds with one poor fit after another, wherein I largely end up making everyone miserable. Just by way of explanation, for myself I've taken some damage along the way that makes it hard to just change (the discomfort is very distracting; also, I need to maintain group health care coverage). I hope that messages like this will reach those who are like me, so that they might avoid forcing themselves into roles that promote such damage, physical and/or mental. Life's just plain not easy, for many, and there are no guarantees. I can only say that, for myself, as I've learned more about my own personality and how it does and does not fit into the world, I've become better able to cope. The author is describing a group of people who are very bright, but who also (in my case, at least) have a strong need for a social connection. Knowledge like this can better enable them to approach that on their own terms, and perhaps to then be happy with the results. I always like to have a peek at lists for something I may have overlooked (ooh, shiny!). This one is actually pretty good -- recommends a number of quality items. The average person here may already be familiar or have their own alternatives, but this list might make a good pass-along to less geeky friends. Maybe I'm fooling myself, but I definitely notice/perceive the need for glucose after extended concentration. Whether from a longer respite and a good meal, or from a modest intake of something like soda. With the latter, though, it is difficult to keep from overindulging and inducing a sugar buzz/crash cycle. Interesting. Someone posted this link over at Reddit. Gave me a chuckle. http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/70q4l/live_lhc_w... LHC Compact Muon Solenoid Experiment Webcams http://www.cyriak.co.uk/lhc/lhc-webcams.html For the web site, I find that I can switch to an SSL/TLS-delivered log on page by clicking the unsecured front page's log on button without entering credentials. However, the SSL/TLS-delivered page is broken in that some elements used in its composition are not secured. My understanding (not may area, so feedback welcome) is that this opens up security concerns; those unsecured elements allow the possibility for the page and its functionality to be compromised. I really dislike the more recent trend to "fancy up" submissions of secure information. Give me an SSL/TLS-delivered page with a valid certificate and which the browser can confirm as being (entirely) secured. Don't hide the security behind scripting and the like and ask that I take it on faith. UPDATE: I tried again, and this time the page was completely secured. So maybe my original concern is not present; however, it would appear that the site may be unstable to some degree. Again, not my area of expertise. But I figure here is as good a place as any for feedback to reach the developers, and/or to be corraborated by others' experiences. Has the Business Week site been cleaned up from its recent compromise (that was Business Week, wasn't it?)? I've been avoiding the site until I hear the "all clear".