In it's current state of affairs jQuery mobile is too slow to be a universal solution for mobile. That and it makes everything look like an iPhone app and there are enough people out there who dislikes that particular sense of aesthetics. I honestly don't see jQuery mobile having the same "thing" as plain jQuery had which made it successfull: It stayed out of your way and just worked, without making any assumptions about what you liked and what you wanted beyond that. Any word on how well knockoutjs or other options is working on mobile? They behave differently when clicking on the icon vs the text. IMO that is a design flaw, but I can see how some people would argue it's a matter of taste. But to be completely fair so is the term "awesome". Submission could have been toned down a wee bit. This one is different in the sense that this time the drama over at TechCrunch is actually about TechCrunch itself. Not to sound silly, but contrast this to the usual techcrunch drama (and drama is overly normal over there): Techcrunch being upset that last.fm is calling them full of shit because Techcrunch had some sensationalistic news about last.fm which last.fm was not willing to confirm or deny within 10 minutes and so they went live with the story, unconfirmed, because that is what cutting edge journalism is, because people deserve to know what may or may not be there. Sort of. Wait. Why do people hate us all of a sudden? That sort of drama. Demeaning to the mind and going at a constant rate over at techcrunch.com. So... This is still techcrunch and it is still drama, but at least this time (maybe for the last time?) it's different . Feels refreshing, doesn't it? But we don't know, and no one is telling us. But we like poking bee hives, so we're going to publish this rant anyway... You cannot possibly say that this doesn't sound like how things are always done at techcrunch. Write first, cause drama, then cause more drama by publishing stories about why you cannot fathom that people has an issue about your way of publishing stories and your unclear communication. Then repeat. I've long stopped paying attention to the site at all, but I had to check this one out. Hopefully TC will vanish and the internet will gain something better. Why? vi and its derivates has their own (weird) usage-convention which you will find in no other software anywhere on the planet. Learning them gives you very few transferable skills. Any "Unixy" thing you have around these days will have more resources than most computes did in the mid 90s, and the need for a "lightweight" editor like vi is much, much smaller now than it was back then. Even my Buffalo router has nano. For most Linux distros you install, you typically have nano, pico, joe, jedit or emacs or lots of other editors which (apart from emacs which is its own universe) largely follows the same conventions and at large gives transferable skills. These are IMO much more useful to know. Why should I bother learning an archaic, non-standard editor from an era when "line-editors" were considered bloated? Why should it even be considered "relevant" today? Even more so, why should it be considered "essential"? I really don't agree and I really don't see why vi-users insist everyone need to learn their favourite editor. While I'm still not going to bother with vi, I do have to admit this is probably just another one of those not-widely-known things about "Unix" which deserves some attention. God knows I didn't know about it. Other cute things I have discovered lately: You can actually click in ncurses dialogs running in your terminal, even over SSH, if you run a proper terminal. Coming from a PuTTYish background, that is definitely not obvious ;) This means they are hardware accelerated!!! And still choppy on my Xeon (before going full cycle and starting over again). Too lazy to see if this is an implementation error or a performance issue. And yes, I do realize this is a joke. Just mentioning this as a warning: Just because someone says "hardware accelerated" doesn't mean you should go crazy and stop thinking performance. Same applies to CSS3. Use it wisely. Now I would like to say I am not on Ariana's side. I wanted to point out the blatant hypocracy of Arringrton Anyone who knows a fair bit history around Techcrunch would assume this by default. And Apple takes another PR hit. It's like they want us to hate them. Like the article posted here the other day said "I want a MacBook Air not made by Apple". I think the Macbook Air looks sexy, but no way I'm funnelling money into an organisation this hellbent on taking away my choices. Here's hoping Apple and it's power-crazy, trigger-happy lawyers are a short-lived phenomenon which goes away when people stop buying their products as a protest. Copyright protection is granted on the promise that the work will eventually be given to the public domain. As this is obviously never going to happen, I say the copyright holders have failed to hold up their end of the bargain, and we as a society has no longer any obligation to protect their works. The claim made is that copyright must be extended to properly encourage the creation of new works of art. Beatles' made their entire discography under copyright laws which would put their works in the public domain by now. Seemingly the shorter copyright didn't stop them from recording music back then. And how has extending copyright encouraged them to make more music? Right. It haven't. With the public domain effectively a thing of the past, we should do away with copyright as well.