I think your employer would find you to be a rather poor employee in that #2 situation. I don't see how "a reason to distribute it" is necessary. What if I just choose a completely random integer with 2000 digits and host it? I don't have any reason to do so, and it's certainly not illegal. Then someone comes along and generates a program that's equivalent to that number, or some digital media rights developer happens to use that number as a key for encrypting some copyrighted media. Does my original act of hosting suddenly become illegal, because I had no good reason to host the number in the first place? Being a C wizard doesn't mean you know how to implement a balanced tree. It means that if you understand a concept, like a red-black tree for example, then you can efficiently implement it in C. It looks fine, but I think I'll always have trouble finding a coding font to replace Consolas. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consolas They address the idea of building a non-hierarchical system on top of a hierarchical one. They argue that doing so is bad because it adds a layer of indirection to your data, and they argue that it's unnecessary since their non-hierarchical system can in fact implement a POSIX-compatible layer easily (so they say). I keep things fairly well organized on my file server, but I've definitely encountered times where my folder hierarchy is insufficient. Wanting to get away from hierarchies isn't just for academics and the disorganized. Here's two examples: I naturally have a Movies directory and a TV directory. Under each I have two directories SD and HD. Sometimes I may want to simply browse all the HD video on my system. Where do music videos (i.e. live concerts) go? They're certainly Music, but it's fair to imagine wanting to see them listed when I'm browsing through Movies and not listed when I'm browsing my mp3's. Add in tutorial videos for music production software (I have a lot of these) and it's even more of a guessing game. Every computer system that uses tagging is a counterexample. We humans think in tagging as often as we think in hierarchies, but I agree that we tend to think of hierarchies as more well-defined and organized. This tendency can be incorrect. I think it boils down to this: for hierarchical data, use hierarchies. I believe that files on a modern personal computer will almost certainly not be hierarchical, so it's not ideal to store them hierarchically. Videos, for example, may be movies, tv shows, screencasts, music videos, etc. Videos may also be standard definition, 720p, 1080p, etc. It's difficult to say, for example, which attribute should be the root directory for your videos, since it's reasonable to want to browse by many different attributes. A hierarchy does not apply to videos, but attributes could easily be represented by tags. To pick on a small part of your comment: Do any theoretical computer scientists seriously worry that a proof that P=NP would threaten cryptography? It's not like a proof would suddenly make an i7 able to factor huge numbers in polynomial time. Also, while all polynomial-time algorithms are considered "tractable" in theoretical CS, that doesn't mean that they're all practical on current hardware (nor does it claim to mean that). I suppose a proof that P=NP would still technically threaten cryptography, because if you assume that computer hardware performance increases polynomially with time you must concede that any given crypto technique will become practical to break after some amount of time. Why? Different axioms are just different, and they can't be argued logically because logic only follows from the axioms. The only arguments you can make for axioms are how useful they are and, more importantly, how well you think they reflect reality as you understand it. If one of his axioms is that not every truth has objective empirical evidence to support it, how can you formulate an argument against that? All you can say is that you don't see the world as operating that way, but you certainly can't use logic or reason to argue that he's incorrect. How do you think that makes me feel, reading that at midnight alone in my one-bedroom apartment?