Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Reposting because even though I got 0 upvotes on the last post, github insights shows that a TON of people saw this via HN - and I got an additional 10 github stars after I posted this. Ugh Lurkers Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Pretty sure that Python has a larger total ecosystem of packages than R. What you describe is not postmodernism. Antinatalism is certainly not nihilism. You seem to be confused The term used for this by philsophers at least after hegel is "the dialectic". I've always thought that many philsophers uncritical acceptance of a dialectical process within the world was absurd. I am happy to see some evidence from science indicating this to be the case. Einstein was explicitly anti stalinist and advocates globalism in his work "Why Socialism" You can read it online A right, even and especially a positive right, is strictly always a curtailment of some form of freedom. The "right to life" means that no one has the freedom to kill you arbitrarily. The right to health care means that the market is not free to deny you health care. The right to freedom of religion means that the religious must make do without your religious donation. The NAP is literally impossible to not break over even the most trivial of things and if you seriously believe in it or similar you're far more ignorant than the person you accuse. I can buy Android phones that do nothing to stop me from rooting them or unlocking the boot loader (OnePlus). I have to fight Apple for root access, and frequently I will lose. You can do anything on an Android phone that requires root access. None of that is possible on iPhone unless it's been out for quite awhile. I bet he can do that more effectively on his DIY build than a top of the line Mac Pro can. Hell, he can put a faster Xeon in for half of the price and already beat it on whatever the Xeon would beat an I7 in. Lol it's both. Men don't get pregnant