Being from the midwest as well, I was horrified when I moved to phoenix and saw all the millionaires driving in their $60,000-$80,000 cars. Then I found out that the majority of the people driving those things make $80-$140,000 a year. People out here tend to live at the ends of their means. Its a cultural thing. Some of the best conversations I've ever had with people at coffee shops have started because of laptops. "Whoa, is that one of those XO laptops? Do you like it? Can I try?" I run a site called http://www.gibsonandlily.com all the people that post there are nerds, but it is mostly non-tech news...we kindof joke that we're like reddit and digg...but for adults. I'm on this "diet" and have lost about 45 pounds so far. Getting skinny always seemed like black voodoo or something. Looking at it the way I would look at hacking together a system made it really, really, really easy. What city are you in? Go get some Yerba Matte, the loose kind. But about 1cm of it in the bottom of a french press, and about 2cm of milk in the bottom of a 20oz glass. Mix. Then add a few squirts of peppermint. (like 4 squirts). I'm serious, this concoction has gotten me through more all-nighter-afters than anything else ever. Has anybody ever seen this website before? It feels like if you hired a "webmaster" from the mid 1990s to build you a domain parking page. It is AWFUL. Ummmm...it sounds like the guy totally violated google's terms of service. He was hosting ads on a domain-squatting site that had no content. The advertisers were refunded their money, and the guy's account was closed down. As somebody that buys ads from google, I would be pretty pissed off if I found out that i was paying $1 a click for my ads to be on a parked domain...which is why they have their terms set up the way they are. Yeah, it sounds like the appeals process sucks, and that they didn't give him a real reason, but "you are a leeching douche-bag cancer to the DNS" should be a pretty good hint. are you kidding? They're protecting the people that buy ads from them, people like me , people with no advertising budget that are just trying to get a few people to check out their stupid blog ( http://www.gibsonandlily.com ). Those ads cost something like $1 a click (or more). If I found out that my tiny tiny budget was going to ads on some stupid domain parking website, I would be LIVID. Yeah, google terminated his account. They did it to protect people like me, and they are the reason the reason that people like me use them. I'm sorry, but domain parking/squatting/tasting/leeching/whatever-you-want-to-call-it is an instant failure in my book. oh come on, you've got to at least plug your comic! What, you mean you don't want to talk to their nephew who is "also really into those computer things" (read: plays a lot of world of warcraft). Yes, I'm bitter. It annoys me that people thing that IT consists of helping you with your num lock button, blocking them from porn, and doing lots of things with cables.