I'd be interested to see if anyone has any more information on this. I did a couple of google searches but didn't get anything other than the article itself and some unrelated guff (though this may be due to my inability to construct a suitable search string). True, but it's easy to forget that many people don't use compiler\architecture-specific extensions or pragmas (and probably don't even need to). I think the article provides a gentle nudge into the "think about what exactly you are telling the compiler" mindset for such people. Heh, I do like the "You can easily beat...." followed imediately by "It just takes time, effort..." - but you're absolutely right. I'm not sure that was his point though, coaxing the compiler into issuing better code by providing few hints doesn't necessarily require too much time or effort. Here in the UK they're often used as public lavatories, whether the phone is working or not Should I be concerned that I've never encountered these Hoare Triples before in my life? Even if Apple almost "acquired" you (I don't really get that impression), I'd say that penning a blog entry complaining about it is not the most productive thing to do (and might even cause investors in the future to think twice about getting involved with you). Or "then", as in "My spelling is worse then a child's" I'm 100% with Tim here, I've never felt the need to memorise the order of precendence for operators - as long as I've got my parens I'm happy. Luckily I seem to work with others who feel the same way. If we did have someone insistent on pushing the boundaries of readability I'd spend about a minute looking up the precedence rules then another few weeks framing the perpetrator for some real-life infraction as a form of punishment (depending on the particulars this could range from petty theft all the way through to light to medium treason) I dislike the tone of both this and "Where Does A Tree Get It's Mass" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1480118 ). They both have a rather smug, superior air about them that I find really irritating. OK we get it, kids often struggle a bit in science classes and occasionally fumble for answers. This is nothing new as I imagine we have all done it at various points, and chiding students in blog entries doesn't help anyone. See I read the article as saying that the students are at fault for being all to ready to throw answers at the teacher which they didn't understand. Whereas I'd say that the students are simply a product of their environment, one (created by the teacher or a previous teacher, or a physics dept as a whole) where emphasis has shifted from understanding a subject into hitting enough keywords in your answer to get a passing grade - even if it turns out that the actual question might be a bit silly.