"When you hear hoofbeats, think of horses not zebras" Assassinated by the government is definitely a zebra Driving recklessly because of PTSD from being in a war zone is going to be the horse in this situation: http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-05-05/national/39048... And if he was not assassinated by the government, then this whole thread is just providing a distracting side show when there's a real known issue out there that kills thousands. I built out some webservers with apache on it for a dev team once. I just set it up with an index.html that had "FOO" in it just to prove that you could point a browser at it and you got "FOO" back. Well a week later they configured them behind a load balancer VIP so they wound up on a public IP address. That was fine, but now you could them from the real world. The mistake happened because that IP address had been used as part of a pool for the public website and it was still configured on the networking gear doing dynamic dns for the front end website. As soon as the IP came back up again the DNS appliance decided that cluster was 'back in service' and started handing out its IP address in response to www. .com. This resulted in a sev1 ticket coming back titled "customers reporting 'foo' on the website". Imagine how much worse it could have been if I hadn't kept it professional and used some more controversial text there... Yeah, as usual it seems the internet is going off half-cocked about this. Looks like the FAA is grounding all aircraft below 3,000 feet at the request of the (state) national guard to conduct SAR with helicopters. Complaining about FEMA looks like its just shooting the messenger in this case. And the state (i.e. local) National Guard is just executing on their own emergency plans and they don't have the ability right now to coordinate air traffic control with anything other than their own helicopters in the air, so everyone else is grounded with no exceptions. That's actually pretty reasonable triage of resources in an emergency. The UAVs might be useful, but they're outside of the scope of the emergency plans right now. Best thing that Falcon could be doing would not be throwing FEMA under the bus, but lining up sales with the National Guard so that the next time this happens the Guard will have their own UAVs in the air under their own command and control structure (and civilians will again all be grounded, no matter how helpful they might want to be). Ancient Unix lore has it that you need to do 'sync; sync; init 6' in order to sync the buffers and reboot. Sync was supposed to only schedule a sync, but would block if another sync was already running. I have no idea how applicable that lore is to modern 2013 Linux... Definitely would like to see more careful research than just removing the sleep(2) and declaring victory and address if that sleep was simply vestigial or not... +1 on "what the fuck are you talking about?" Climate science even got a physics prof from Berzerkely (who was convinced that only physicists knew how to do science right) who went in with an anti-climatology bias, and was funded by the Koch brother, and he replicated climatology results in the "BEST" study -- to the point where journals like Nature turned down publishing the BEST study because it was not new information and only confirming already well known scientific facts. So a Koch-backed study has actually determined that climate science really is science. That's like the Catholic church in the 1600s funding someone to investigate Galileo and publishing that it looks like the Earth goes around the Sun after all... They looked at siting effects as well: http://www.scitechnol.com/2327-4581/2327-4581-1-107.php They used Watts own siting data and showed that both poor and good sites showed the same temperature trend over time. The data back to 1860 are also sufficient to establish the current warming trend and through other analysis (e.g. Meehl, et al's work) to establish the climate sensitivity. Climate science as a discipline does not hinge on knowing exactly how warm it was 250 years ago within +/- 0.5C. Yes, there is basically no real evidence for any of the multiverse hypothesis. If they're right then physics and cosmology has nearly ended in its reach of what is knowable. It feels so much like this is premature surrender and physicists are turning themselves into religious philosophers just because they can't think of anything better. If we had been backed into this wall for hundreds of years with nothing better, then I might agree that the program was over, but I think the whole anthropic/multiverse idea is a condemnation of how sold physicists and cosmologists have gotten on one possible solution, and indicative of the fossilization of some of their ideas. We need a new Einstein to do away with the modern-day aethers... "Only if you assume that there are no significant cyclic effects on longer time scales." We know about cyclical effects on longer time scales like Milankovich cycles, we understand solar variation and volcanic effects. We know about the Younger Dryas and Daansgard-Oeschger cycles. We know about shorter term oscillations like the AMO and PDO. You apparently know nothing of any of this, and have never heard of Muller's BEST study even though it was splattered all over the New York Times a few years back. Yet, you feel competent enough to make statements about how climatology isn't a real science. We also know about something called the Dunning-Kruger effect. "I expect you to look at the items I pointed out and see what you think of them. If you don't agree with them, feel free to give specific reasons why not." You need to do some research first. The fact that you had never heard of the BEST study indicates that you don't know the most superficial details about climate science and this debate (and ones that were splattered across the New York Times). I'm not going to do the work to educate you. I expect YOU to do research before you demand me to produce a 250-paper annotated bibliography of climate science and its justification. Come back when you can explain the radiative physics behind CO2 being a greenhouse gas and how it can be shown in a table-top experiment, and when you know what Milankovich cycles are. Explain what caused the last Ice Age to end, be prepared to discuss the PETM. Explain the theories behind the warming that led up to the Eocene optimum 49 million years ago and the subsequent cooling after that. Climate science is more than just arguing about anthropogenic global warming. If you want a place to start, go here: http://www.amazon.com/Earths-Climate-William-F-Ruddiman/dp/0... Then start hacking away at these: http://www.amazon.com/Paleoclimatology-International-Geophys... http://www.amazon.com/Principles-of-Planetary-Climate-ebook/... Try getting off the Internet and exposing yourself to some actual science and not arguments about science. FML I'm old