It's basically been done (ish). Freenet's one, there are probably more, but you give up a lot in exchange. Freenet can be pretty slow and you need to find trusted people to bootstrap yourself into the network. You can't host dynamic content, either. Yeah, it works on my terrible featurephone, and delivers a really extraordinarily good web experience all things considered. It's like a keyhole to the internet, except it renders everything more or less perfectly, unlike every other featurephone browser ever. The standard intuitive explanation seems pretty easy and worthwhile: Two sets are the same size if and only if you can pair members up. {1, 2, 3} and {4, 5, 6}, obviously. {1, 3, 5...} and {2, 4, 6...} are too, you can pair them up (1, 2) (3, 4) (5,6) ... But some sets aren't the same size; you can't pair them up. It's easy if they're both finite, or one is infinite. If both are infinite, well, if they're not the same size, one has to be larger: there are elements in one that are "left over" after trying to pair them up. That's the bigger one. Cantor proved that this does, in fact, happen. The reals can't be paired up with integers. Yeah, but you can describe many incomputable numbers. Indescribable numbers are not the incomputable numbers- Chaitin's constant's a nice one, it's the proportion of Turing machines that halt. Described. Now, compute it... Neat, but SuperGenPass does this better- has a bookmarklet with configurable salt, and it's based off the domain name, not the service, so you can't get into ambiguities (Gmail, GMail, gmail?) http://supergenpass.com/ That said, the options for disallowed characters is nice. Yeaaaah, you could probably fall afoul of the CFAA with this one... See: weev. Edit: Ahh, I see you're based outside the US, carry on. Personally I had the idea a while back for a sort of time-release dead drop. Stuff a Raspberry Pi into a fake power strip, put your seekrit information onto the SD card, and go plug it in somewhere in a city you 'happen' to be passing through, near to a public wifi spot. Then a year later it wakes up and uploads the data publicly via Tor and self-wipes. Even if it's traced back to the Pi, they'll have to trace the Pi back to you (you bought it untraceably, right?). Your employer could MITM all your SSL connections just by installing their own cert installed on the machine, so yeah. I'm not exactly an expert, but this reads like creepypasta. This looks fantastic. I make gifs out of pictures I take on burst mode and these would be beyond perfect for presenting them. (try it at a party, it's much more fun than static pictures, also for posed group shots) I'm waiting for flexible color solar-powered wireless e-ink displays to give the full "Harry Potter" moving-picture effect, but they're a few years out!