"Advertising" includes training doctors, not just "ask your doctor about erectinol" commercials. Hiring doctors to travel the country, give lectures explaining how it works, renting conference centers, providing lunch, etc adds up. Learning how to use a new drug is not easy like learning software; trial and error doesn't work. A drug is worthless if your doctor doesn't know what it does. If the original poster is a computer person, I'd recommend some changes to this list. This is "Math for physics" but "Math for Computer Science" is rather different, and might be more interesting. I'd recomment calculus up to integration. Don't worry about integration tricks, except for integration by parts (the most important formula in mathematics) and u-substitution. All the other integration tricks are pointless crap used to fill up time in calc classes. Vector math is useful if you like either computer graphics or physics, but is not crucial. On the other hand, everyone should know probability, even the purest mathematicians. Just don't try to learn it out of an "Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers" book, all such books should be burned. Real/functional analysis would also be useful to better understand probability. I'd also suggest combinatorics/graph theory, and perhaps the theory of automata. That's edging towards computer science, but it is a fundamentally mathematical topic. Also, it will be very slow going. It's not like picking up another computer language/framework; it's even harder than Haskell. I've have a Ph.D. in mathphys/num analysis, but it still takes me a long time to push through an introductory textbook in a field too far removed from my own. For instance, I sat through 4 semesters of abstract algebra (3 at the grad level), and I still don't understand it. Don't get discouraged. It's already been built ( http://laptop.org/ ), except for cell network access. They also have minimal color and a small amount of graphics. You can even power it with a hand crank. As soon as they build one with a bigger keyboard, that's my new machine. At my university, we use blackboard. But if we want to submit grades, we can't use blackboard. We have to fill in bubbles on paper by hand. Sounds great, in principle. Here is what would happen if it actually occurred: Various big projects of dubious value (particle accelerators, LIGO) will go begging for money. Any candidate who doesn't want to support them will be portrayed as anti-science. The majority of the effort will be placed here (scientists care more about grants than politics). Standard science issues where the science doesn't fit the party line will be highlighted: evolution, climate change and sex ed. For the most part, science will be used as a club to beat republicans with. They certainly deserve it (1), but not only them. Non-standard science issues that cut against democrats will be mostly ignored (race/sex differences in intelligence, lawyers suing doctors without scientific evidence, the possible link between abortion/miscarriage and breast cancer) . No one will ask the candidates what they think about Larry Summers or James Watson. It sounds like a great idea. But I know my colleagues well enough to know that if it happens, it will simply turn into a "give us money, we hate republicans" event. (1) At various points, I noticed birth control (non-condom) includes the warning "Does not prevent aids or other STDs." Until I heard McCain speak on the topic, I didn't think anyone was actually dumb enough to think it did. If you are a hacker (you are posting to hacker news), I suggest you avoid it. I don't know anything about Teach For America specifically, but several people in my graduate program did work for a variant of it (local and math focused). None of them were happy with the program, though several stuck with it for financial reasons. One of them was put in charge of statistical analysis, since he was the only person in the room who knew what a standard deviation was (I'm not exaggerating). His conclusions: 1. Except for the grossly incompetent, teacher quality doesn't matter. He could not reject the null hypothesis (teacher quality doesn't affect student outcome). 2. Students do not benefit from being in the program, unless it removes them from a dangerous school. He couldn't reject the null hypothesis here either (accepted students perform the same as rejected ones). (This fact is usually well hidden: students accepted by special teaching programs as well as students who apply but are rejected usually perform better than students who do not apply.) According to him, other programs usually get similar results (well hidden in the appendix of a report), at least when the results are reported. Overall, he said it is a waste for a talented individual to go into teaching. You won't make a difference. As a software person, you will. Leave teaching to people who can't do anything else. They have a comparative advantage (even if they lack an absolute advantage). This election is fundamentally different from others. Clinton, by virtue of having breasts, makes women feel good about themselves. That's an X-factor which was not present in any past election. And she plays this up, by crying and planting fake sexists at her campaign events ( http://michellemalkin.com/2008/01/07/bs-alert-hillarys-iron-... ). As for Obama, you are right. His supporters are projecting. But they project onto him (rather than Hillary) because he is incredibly charismatic. People want charismatic leaders, but I don't think we need them. In fact, I think they are extremely dangerous. Think for a moment about JFK's catch phrase: "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." Compare it to catch phrases of other charismatic leaders: "All within the State, Nothing outside the State, Nothing against the State" "The common good comes before the private good." (Sorry for invoking Godwin, but it's important to point out how his charisma obscured what JFK actually said.) I think it's far better to have a leader that everyone hates. Just think of the outcry if Bush suggested the people should serve the state. A charismatic leader can give the uninformed a reason to hate him, but it won't change their feelings. An example: a gay friend of mine dislikes Bush because he proposed a law against gay marriage (at least that is his stated reason). He has very strong positive feelings for (Bill) Clinton, in spite of the fact that Clinton actually passed a law against gay marriage (Defense of Marriage Act). His feelings persisted even after I pointed this out to him. Maybe I just have stupid friends (I don't think this is the case), but my general impression is that most people don't base their opinion of a politician on policy. Rather, they take their opinion on the policy from the party or politician they like. I thought T-rex invented generative catch phrases/advice. http://www.qwantz.com/archive/001159.html