That's disingenuous --that's called reported speech. (in reported speech, tenses go back one). The team pictures have obvious heavy shadows from a single flash. Otherwise, looks promising, I might give them a try next time round. The easy interface to map-data editing is quite nice. As others have said, Taiwan is very foreigner friendly -moreso if you are willing to Learn Mandarin (it's cheap), albeit with a TW accent. If you move to the south, then Taiwanese is also important, but you can get by with Chinese. English does not go far beyond foreign bars and western companies. Couple of things. In the north the weather can be miserable in winter --humid/rainy and cold. It hardly drops to freezing, but it's bone chilling. In the south you have to think about pollution. It's really bad and it's dreadfully hot in the summer --I mean intolerably hot (most of the time it's ok b/c you're indoors with AC, but once you step outside you get drenched within a minute. There's an expression for respiratory problems people might develop in the industrial south "Kaohsiung Lung" for a kind of cough which some people develop in response to the pollution. Some good things, taxes are quite reasonable. People are friendly and most things are relatively cheap -unless you are looking at Japanese and Western products, then they are expensive. You can drive w/o a license pretty much without repercussions, but if you're staying long, go thru the process, it's worth it. Healthcare, it's taken care of for you when you get a job. Co-pay is ridiculously low. Procedures are low. The medicine is pretty much up to standard, but realize most hospitals are privately owned by millionaires. Food is abundant and available at all hours of the day and night -for cheap. Again, unless you are looking for excellent Japanese or Western food, then you pay. Utilities are cheap. While apartments and condos are great, houses are weird. They are these weird 4 to 6 story very narrow monstrosities with very bad usability design, in my opinion. Government offices, from my experiences were very efficient --nothing required hour waits nor return visits (unless you forget a document). Documents are simple --but you need to understand Chinese of have someone help you). Housing is cheap, unless you need to live in a "western compound" then it gets expensive. Other bad things: traffic. Unless you can use the MRT (in Kaohsiung or Taipei) you will have to ride a scooter (or drive a car). Don't get into an accident. You will most likely have to pay a settlement fee -esp being a foreigner. There is no "central heating" so get used to cold winters in TPE. You run out of places to visit quite soon, so you might have to hop over to Japan. Driving is kind of ruleless. Well, they have rules but most people ignore them so it's very chaotic. There are no sidewalks. It looks like they exist, but they don't. What look like sidewalks are actually private property, most of the time used for scooter parking or for business fronts. The "sidewalk" are the actual streets --but since they are the street proper, they are dangerous --which is why people ride scooters for a half block errand (it seemed ridiculous at first, but it makes sense as you will earn). Crime exists but for the most part, it's hidden from westerners --just don't try to pick up or look at a gangster's GF or whatever and you'll be ok -however, this is unlikely to happen, unless you go to "local bars"/KTVs/Touch-touch places as opposed to foreigner bars. "Gangsters" sport tattoos, short hair and some chew betel nut (bing lan). Guns are few, but knives are plentiful. Good luck. It's not really relying on Google's search solutions at all. It's relying on users' search behavior. It's coincidental that they (users) use Google and that they happen to always click on the bogus result --when no other data are available. Their method, when no data is available for a search term, is to sometimes (7 out of 100?) rely on human ranked results (in this case gamed by Google) via user behavior gathered with their toolbar. It'd be interesting to find out if Bing was only using behavioral results of Google users or they recorded behavior by users of all search engines. Unfortunately, Google don't seem to have conducted an A/B test to find out, so it ended up with confirmation bias. Their own pre-emptive attempt at exculpation "So you’re upset that Apple wouldn’t approve your money-grubbing stupid idea?" is pretty much my sentiment. Come back when you have a legit gripe. Just because others get away with something is no reason you should get away with same. "Hey, officer, I saw other people speeding too and you didn't cite them, not fair!" Hmm, ok. I think you actually compared yourself to happy-fart or something, but whatever. In any event, it's as if you would deny them "learning". I would refer to any legal code. You can observe it change with time in order to adjust to behavior, attitudes, mores, technology, etc. Imagine the crime boss "Hey, IRS (the US tax board), that was legal last year, how come you took away my loophole?" Now, granted, the IRS has to go thru a process to implement code changes, but this is an analogy to illustrate that codification requires change over time. It'd be shortsighted to want to limit the change regimen from ad hoc to periodic, for your convenience. Sense of humor; is that even germane to anything? Would it have been better if they had cited some cells from xkcd? Is it possible the £585 is a standard fee regardless of simplicity or complexity? i.e. oil change, $40. (no matter it's an easy access filter or complicated filter change) I think the question might better be, why don't Americans travel overseas? Then compare that to how many non-Americans travel overseas. What I'm getting at is that in a small country, you deplete exploration of your own country quickly. In larger places like America, Australia, Canada, China, Russia, one has lots to discover at home and "abroad" can be very far away for many in the interior. Whereas, places like Europe, Middle East, South America are made up (mostly) by relatively small countries, so going abroad could be a 5 hour drive or train ride. When Europeans go south for the Summer (or Winter) they go to another country, almost necessarily; in the US or other large countries, Summer beaches or Winter slopes are in the same country, hence no need to travel outside the country. I think this question of travel deserves another metric to take the distance and geographic discrepancies into account. I think they're trying to be funny. It certainly does not come across as funny, however. So, if they really seek a sales and marketing person, they should avoid using loaded words like monkey, droid, etc. See the satirical post about the terms rockstar and ninja, as it refers to employees. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2180233