Uh, no. Computing is the absolute opposite of security. Doubly so for anything networked. If you want to take anything secure, and make it unsecure, simply transform it from paper, and put it on a computer. Bam! Paper is millions of times more secure than a computer. No piece of software is ever, ever secure. There are always, literally always thousands and thousands of hardware, and software vulnerabilities just waiting to be exploited. Compared to any form of computerized voting, ballots are insanely secure. But what you're missing here is process. Paper voting has been around for a very, very long time. Process is well established, very simple to do, but it seems the US is always changing how to count, how to tally, and more. But, to pause and take a step back ... I'm not sure how you think adding a computer to the mix, improves auditing. The entire point of a voting system, is that your vote remains anonymous. Therefore, the device or method that records your vote? Must not ever ever be assigned to you. And this also includes any form of anonymization. This has also been handled for a very, very long time. Again, by process. I wonder, how many years have you (or others advocating a computer inserted into the voting process), studied in depth the chain of trust used with paper ballots? Or precisely how ballots are counted? Or, even months? Weeks? All I know is that when I researched paper ballots here in Canada, every aspect I could think of was covered. And that's what you'd expect, from a voting process that evolved over literally hundreds of years, with deep thought put into each voting cycle. Again, you're missing the key here. Process. And current paper process includes audibility, security, and more. Done correctly, it is insanely difficult to swap out an election box. Where would you do it? At the polling station, where members from ALL political parties are present? Volunteers are present too. All together watch the voting process, following through to opening the ballot box, and performing the initial count. https://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=vot&dir=faq&do... How, then, are election boxes to be secretly swapped? On top of this, all ballots are serialized. Each voting station has multiple voting boxes. Voting boxes are sealed. How are you going to compromise them? What I find astonishing, is how intensely some people seem to want to use computing for everything. Paper ballots, and the process used to employ them, are incredibly secure. Incredibly. Its a problem that absolutely, positively does not need to be solved. At all. Yet people are consistently working very diligently to do so, and the only real reason for that is one. Profit. And we don't need that motive in an election counting process. As others have mentioned, we only currently have one data point on this. However... Google is well known for terrible customer support. And if you think of it, it makes sense. After all, if you can server 100M users via an automated support systems and only 0.01% have issues a year, it's probably far, far cheaper to just drop those "problem" users, than hire thousands of customer support persons. Note: just threw the above numbers out, but you get the gist. EDIT: Speaking of algorithms, I wonder if the OP was below some adsense fiscal threshold of 'it's worth it to intercede here with a level 4 manager' or some blather. https://farmingfirst.org/2011/01/selenium-fortified-fertiliz... Apparently Finland made it mandatory, and it worked. It's a rough in, I guess. Site has spelling errors, you sign in with linkedin.. but, you still have to enter all your details (job experience, skills, etc). There's no way to change your email address, or delete your account. When you click on 'contact', you have to use email.. they don't have a build in messaging app. I'm guessing it's very much a work in progress. Which is fine, but ... not for me yet. Good grief! Thank you for the heads up, I'll make sure to steer completely clear of Samsung TVs, at a minimum. I don't believe they actually hunt them, but in reality are protecting their eggs. Mice/rats/etc LOVE eggs. Chickens (and all birds) know this. As ground layers, they're surely protective of their eggs from mice. As others have said, in this thread, there are a lot of mixed issues in this article. Living a nomad/traveling lifestyle =! remote work. Loads of people remote-work from home, but change nothing else in their lifestyle. I've been working remotely my entire life. 30+ years now. One thing that is key, is looking at the blue sky . Being outside occasionally. You will note that the article talks about work/life balance, about working a lot, working long hours. And after months and months, become more and more depressed. What I suspect is happening is, winter! Shorter days! With shorter days, it is harder and harder to find sunlight when you just happen to wander outside. In the summer, at least where I am, daylight lives from 4am to 10pm. I doesn't matter when I wake up, or when I go to sleep.. if I wander out just once, there's almost always light. Further, there's a much better chance of good weather. In the winter, if it isn't night, it's often cloudy, and therefore darker. Unless you work away from all windows, this affects the type of light, even when working inside. On top of all that, in the winter it is more often unpleasant. You think with glee, it's cool/cold, raining/snowing, and I work remote! I don't have to go out into that! Yet, this is a trap, for going out in that is key to your health... just for the light! My point in all of the above is -- when you work on site, you have to go outside, and transit outside, to and from work. This gets in that vital light, even often in the winter. It's about the light, it's about blue light from a blue sky, it's about being outside. That's what 30+ years of remote work has taught me. Just had to chime in here, but fifteen+ years ago, Bezo's email was ombudsman like, with him or a top level person reading it. Now, it's just another level of very poor, very scripted support. I'm fairly sure Amazon has taken the (perhaps wise, in a business sense) approach of not caring if a small percentage of users leave, due to support issues. The cost of keeping customers with certain support issues, greatly outweighing supporting them. This is why you have to hunt madly around Amazon's webpage to find contact info, why all forms of help point away from contacting a person, including their chat being bots now, until you move outside of their scripts. Think indeed. Lie once, lie always. Honesty is imperative for a public trust. Now, what do you think the crazy anti-vaxxers will say, next time they're told to trust the CDC, and other public bodies, and that vaccination is safe, and makes sense? When a vaccine is created, perhaps, for this virus? Now it is easier to convince others that the truth is concealed. That lies abound. Any medical official should lose their license, for spreading quackery.