Sun was already on life support when they tried the open source strategy. Their failure isn't related to open source. Those are your own definitions. open-source/free software is about the license, period. Then some people wants to add some romance around it but that is just their own opinion. What about Julian Assage? US laws shouldn't apply to him yet they want to extradite and trial him for things done outside US juridiction. > Having a “devops” team would feel like having a team called “agile team” or something - you do “devops”, you can’t build it. Too late. The industry has chosen to deviate the word. For years as a sysadmin I was arguing people that devops is a methodology and not a function. Now I have the Sr Devops Engineer title. I know I am still just a sys and platform engineer who's job is to facilitate life of developers but hey the industry insist on calling me devops, I have other fights more important than fixing my title and team name. I just tend to think that 20y ago people were relaying memes about sysadmins being motherfuckers who just randomly denied everything to clueless developers while the devops term emphases more the collaboration side. I hope the devs I work with are happy working with me, I sure have a good relationship with them. If that is being what the industry now choose to call a devops, I am a devops. I've worked in a company working in holacracy. Some people are more active or passive than others. Some people are more vocals than others. Some people have better social and negociation skills. In the end although there is no hierarchy per se, some natural leaders emerge, and they are usually best suited for the job than some managers who are clueless about what the team is doing because they still have to do the job and be accounted for. Some metrics always have to be implemented to make sure the teams fulfill their role. Metrics depend on the kind of role. As a sys admin team we were relying on uptime of the services we were managing. As a bicycle and old motorcycles user I am gobsmacked that so much people accept that the vehicule they are using is connected or regularly phone home to the manufacturer. I guess if you share all your life on facebook and instagram, why shouldn't you also give away all your errands to any third party. Is there at least a license agreement you are showned at and have to agree to upon delivery? Can you operate those vehicules offline by choice? Well all my bikes are "muscular bikes" for one thing, and I build most of them out of spare parts. And I haven't jumped on the electronic shifting band wagon either. I don't necessarily see all these technos as bad but I spend enough time in front of my computer and I want my bikes to stay part of the analog world. These kinds of features could, and should be optionnally usable by connecting your car to an open source self hosted server. There is no need to send everything to the manufacturer and a way to avoid that should be mandatory. I think this is a case of first world country arrogance of putting perfectly working things in the landfill just for the heck of it.