Real wizards code in Reality. I think the fundamental question is whether or not people in poverty can afford to buy food to eat. Not 'nice food' but 'food', period. The answer is usually - and increasingly - a very simple 'no.' Here are stats from one food bank org: http://www.trusselltrust.org/stats Or how about being too poor to heat your home? At least 15% of households are in fuel poverty: http://www.opportunitystudies.org/repository/File/fuel%20pov... Aside from the humanitarian questions, which should be self-evident, the reality is that poverty is a criminal waste of potential. At least some of those worrying about food and heat have - had - the potential to be inventors and entrepreneurs. That's not going to be possible while the culture they live in keeps them poor. Better than Gawker style: "The finance industry decided to screw over the nation's university students. You won't believe what happened next!" They didn't need patent law, because they had princes and armies. The also had a culture in which information couldn't travel faster than a man (usually a man...) on a horse, and patentable information could only be understood by a few hundred individuals in each country, at most. One of the points of patent law is to distribute the rewards of invention, so individual inventors - not corporations - benefit from their creativity. Patent protections aren't the only element in this, but they're one element, and a lot of 20th century products would never have appeared otherwise. It's simply not historical to argue otherwise. The 21st century works differently, but with the irony that the FOSS people claim their way is absolutely correct, and no other system is workable. Sharing certainly works if you have a day job that pays your bills. But innovation is not invention. Patents were originally designed for creative inventors , not commercial packaging operations like [insert corporate giant here], or freeware mash-up/YetAnotherFramework projects. In the US at least, the system has become a joke. But just because it's broken doesn't mean that inventors shouldn't be rewarded and protected somehow. Privacy concerns. Speed. Efficiency. Mobile data costs. >You have to be middle-class or higher in an advanced economy to use their system, in real terms. True for Apple PCs (except for the Mac Mini, but most people don't buy those.) Especially true for MacBooks. Not true at all for iPhones which are available on very affordable plans in all developed countries, and are ubiquitous, even for users who are nowhere near middle class. Microsoft is in transition. The idiocy that was Windows 8 all-but killed the Wintel desktop PC market. The server side is healthy, but desktop Windows is looking very shaky indeed. For better or worse, Jobs deliberately moved Apple out of Enterprise. We can argue about why, and we can argue whether or not it was a good decision. But Apple decided to focus on consumer computing - which strengthened the consumer brand and freed up development resources, if nothing else. MS is still trying to slide into all kinds of niches. It's succeeding in a few, but failing and flailing in many. Nadella will likely be more focused than spaghetti-at-the-wall Ballmer, so we'll have to see how that works out. Azure isn't solid enough as a cloud service yet - too many outages. Server is looking good. Office is kind of old and boring now, but still does what it does. So what can MS offer modern startups that they can't get better and/or cheaper elsewhere? I guess 'population' never included the original natives. Journalism thinks it forms a cornerstone of our democracies. But then it also seems to believe that we have democracy, which we plainly don't. I like the article. It has weaknesses, but it makes some good points. The bigger issue - to what extent should the media be about political empowerment - is another question. I'd suggest current branding/advertising strategies are entirely about disempowerment, because they train consumers to think and act passively. When you believe that politics is about voting for Product A vs Product B, which is almost like a Facebook like only it lasts a little longer, then you've already lost all your political power. Traditional journalism was sometimes able to hold power to account. We're not going to that from clickbait intent/interest marketing. Can anyone imagine Buzzfeed breaking the next Pentagon Papers? So who's going to hold power to account now? And how? I also live in Europe and I've had no problem paying Linode with a debit card. >The threat from Qutbism Islamic Fundamentalism (Wahhabi/Salafist inspired terrorism) is real and intelligence organisations work constantly to prevent attacks. Is it more real than the threat from a government forcing disabled people into suicide? Or retooling 'reform' on the economy with zero-hours contracts, depressed wages, and asset inflation? If anyone was looking to protect the elderly, the young, and the incapacitated, do you really think they'd hire GCHQ, Group 4, Capita, and the rest? Oh - and we know the spooks keep personal files. This has been going on for decades. Anyone to the left of Enoch Powell was fair game - including at least one former Prime Minister. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2006/mar/15/comment... Are you telling us this has all stopped, because Internet, and because (we're told) you never saw it personally, so it doesn't happen?