This is interesting. Do you know whether he has native IPv6 connectivity or is using a tunnel? A few months ago, I tried using HE's IPv6 tunnel from China. It connected, but did not enable me to access blocked sites. This. It depends if the blocking is at the content owners end, or somewhere in between. This method didn't work in China last time I tried. The article mentions one drawback of VPNs: if you're using one to access the wider internet (rather than a specific LAN), then it's likely that all of your traffic goes through it. One effective way around this, at least for those using VPNs in China, is to create a set of static routes forcing your in-country connections to go directly. This python program gets a list of China IP ranges from APNIC, and creates a shell script with a list of route commands: https://github.com/jimmyxu/chnroute The legal jurisdiction and/or technical location of the service might be a country with a transparent government, but how would you know that the service isn't owned or operated by a government entity from some other country? The latency B C doesn't inform you about the latency difference between A B and A C. The traffic may take different routes on its way from A, depending on peering arrangements and traffic conditions. Real-life example: I live in China, and passing traffic through a VPN in Singapore to which I have low latency can speed up (lower latency and better bandwidth) connections to some hosts. Ping times from my domestic ADSL connection to that host are about 90ms because they have direct peering with PCCW. Other hosts in Singapore can be 200ms or more away, even though all of them are Why is it awful? Reading the original announcement ( http://www.pbc.gov.cn/publish/goutongjiaoliu/524/2013/201312... ), three things seems clear: 1) People may buy Bitcoins if they like. 2) People may sell Bitcoins if they like. 3) Banks may not sell Bitcoins as they are not 货币 (money). 4) Products offered for sale may not be priced in Bitcoin, as it is not 货币。 As far as I'm aware, no large ecommerce sites in China display prices in anything other than CNY, and none accept anything other than CNY (cash, bank transfers, bank-issued payment cards, CNY-denominated vouchers). If I could pay for things online using Bitcoin, maybe I (and others in China) would start keeping some Bitcoin in an online wallet, in the same way we currently keep some money in 支付宝 (Alipay). From there, it would be easy to slide into mass speculation, which seems to be what the government doesn't want. I feel thankful to be in Beijing. The AQI (air quality index) is only 202 (very unhealthy) here right now. Yes, the same system is used in mainland China. Apart from 4 and 5, you can kind of see the link between the written form of the number and the hand signal: 1, 2, 3: obvious because 一二三 6: the thumb and pinky make up the bottom part of the character 六 7: If you look at your own right hand upside-down when making the gesture, the bird's head points in the same direction as the 七 8: Your thumb and index finger are the two lines in 八 9: Your index finger is the second stroke in 九 I don't know whether this is coincidental, or even just my imagination... If you're doing accounting (backward-looking financial reporting) you should look at amortised cost. If, on the other hand, you're making a decision about whether or not to mine, then you care only about marginal (cash) costs. If you already paid for your hardware (or already committed to paying for it), then there's zero additional cost, unless (i) there are significant maintenance costs or, more likely (ii) you could recoup some of the cash by selling the equipment if you stop mining. I'm ignoring time value of money, and also the drop in the resale value of the equipment. (Deliberately avoiding the work 'depreciation' here as the accounting meaning the every day meaning confuse the issue.)