Bugzilla is pretty nice. Blogs? Nobody. I pay to read the authors that I'm willing to pay for, when I buy their books. Out of the OP's list, I've bought books by Steve McConnell, Paul Graham, Ted Neward and Joel Spolsky. A nice, basic, simple (but not easy ) way is this: a. cut the gratuitously bad stuff out of your diet. Drop sodas, chips, candy, etc. If you eat fast food, get a grilled chicken sandwich and a salad instead of a double cheeseburger and fries. B. add some exercise. It doesn't have to be a lot, but what has worked well for me over the years is walking on a treadmill, and gradually upping the incline to increase the resistance as my conditioning improves; and/or increasing my speed or adding time to my sessions. You'd be amazed how much weight you can lose if you walk on a treadmill for an hour at 3.5 MPH, with the incline set all the way up, 4-5 times a week. Just be patient. Trying to lose more than 2 lbs a week is probably not a good idea, and it takes some fairly hard work (see above) to lose even 2 lbs a week. That is bloody brilliant! Love it... Most job ads I see say "Bachelors degree or equivalent experience " In those cases, definitely apply even without a degree. And even if they don't, apply anyway. A lot of time stuff gets put in job descriptions by copy & paste, or because it's common, not because it's an actual requirement. Yeah, HR might filter you out for not having a degree in some cases, but you'll get past them to the hiring manager in other cases, then you have a chance to sell yourself. 1. programming.reddit.com, Slashdot, Hacker News (Honorable mention: java.net, theserverside.com and freshmeat.net) 2. my personal library, Borders, Barnes & Noble 3. Sluggy Freelance, User Friendly, Dilbert (Honorable Mention: BOFH ) 4. TriJUG Mail List, TriLUG Mail List, saloon.javaranch.com TC demands to go first, eh? Feh... remind me to not submit anything to TC then. That's just pathetic. Mashable or CenterNetworks or any (and all) of a bazillion other blogs cover the same space to varying degrees anyway. Gen-X according to those ranges (born in 1973) but I disagree with at least some details of these definitions, if not the entire premise behind labeling "generations." For example, the Gen-X stereotype would be some lazy, self-centered kid listening to 90's grunge music, while blaming his parents generation for fucking up the world, while wearing a flannel shirt and ridiculously long sideburns. I feel pretty much nothing in common with that stereotype, fucking hate grunge music, and am far more interested in how we (my "generation" or whoever) can change the world, than in assigning blame to others. I find that it depends on what mood I'm in and what I'm trying to do. Sometimes I like metal when coding, sometimes trance or europop type stuff, and sometimes classical. And there are plenty of times when silence is best. Now excuse me while I put on some Armored Saint... On FreeNode, I auto join these channels when I bother to start my IRC client, which may or may not happen any given day. #trilug (Triangle Linux User's Group) #trijug (Triangle Java User's Group) #trilug-mtb (people in trilug who ride MTBs) #fedora #centos #asterisk #centos #openmoko #java #eclipse #spring #jboss #hibernate #ruby #erlang #prolog #lisp #ai #swig #machinelearning #openqabal