Two issues: 1) What motivates you? For some, it's desire. For others, it's fear. Envy is a form of desire. Doing anything with all your soul -- pouring yourself into something -- is your job in life as far as I'm concerned. Pick whatever works for you. Whatever keeps you moving. 2) It also depends on what you envy. I envy people that have made a positive difference in people's lives. Other things seem kind of stupid to me, like money and fame. You can inherit money, or trick somebody out of it, so while it's nice, it's more like the scoreboard on a basketball game. You don't play basketball by looking at the scoreboard. Fame is too much a crap shoot. Plus I'd rather have freedom to invent and innovate than having the world watching my every move. Model. In UML. Use whatever tool works for you. I like Enterprise Architect. Lets me break apart any kind of complex problem, whether it's components, hardware, logical structures, rule systems, etc. Plus it's programmable so I can take some of that design work and translate it into working code quickly. A lot of guys, especially in start-ups, don't get modeling. They think you're trying to plan too much. The trick is to model quickly and at a high conceptual level. That gives you your organizational structure (within 20% or so) to manage complexity. You can still code and adapt quickly. If you over-plan (or model), however, you limit your options and force a lot of decisions up front which might could wait for later. That's counterproductive. Living expenses are the reason I'm not applying. Unless you somehow lose intelligence and execution ability when you get married and have kids, the structure doesn't make sense to me. It seems to be geared towards single, foot-loose folks. As somebody who's put long hours in on multiple technology projects, I don't feel that having a higher overhead translates to being a worse risk. After all, what are we talking about here? The difference between 5 and 10K, or something like that? Being hungry is great. Having your wife call you every day to tell you the house is getting repossessed is counter-productive. I agree that the knowledge and contacts are what you guys should be going for. Running on savings and forgetting about the money is the only strategy I can figure that works for us "high maintenance" entrepreneurs. If I apply, I'll just make sure I have money in savings to run for six months or so first. Ouch. No it's not. But neither am I here to please the universe. I'm just saying that it's not a lot of money. Perhaps it is to you. I can make that money as pocket change in a very short amount of time in my normal consulting business. If YC wants to pay 10 bucks for their team members, more power to them. Not my call. They've got their math to do and I've got mine. Even families have profit/loss statements and break-even points. Their rates have consequences. After all the universe is not here to please them either, right? Come on, guys. These replies are just pot shots. Take the snarkiness somewhere else. I've worked 3-6 month projects where every minute was slinging code. And I regularly put my house and family on the line for my business. I already have a business. I show companies how to run technology teams. I'm just looking to move into startup country because I like that environment more than the suit and tie world. I've led 5-person startup teams, and I've led 40-person rearchitecture groups. I like the startup teams a lot better. Thank you for reminding me why I don't post on internet boards. When the cheap shots fail, the personal attacks begin. It seems like it is always easier to make yourself look good by hacking apart somebody else. I was hoping this board would be a little better than that. For the record, I'm not saying I could do anything. I'm not saying PG or anybody else stays up at night worrying about my participation or lack of it. You know nothing of my lifestyle, and you don't know me. I didn't post in here to make any kind of comment on YC, PG, or anybody else. I only wanted to point out that the cost of living is a factor for other people in whether they participate or not. That's it. BTW, it's not a question of "is it enough to meet YC's goals" It's a question of whether it is enough to meet both parties' goals. That's the way business works -- both parties have capabilities and needs. Business is when there is a trade between these capabilities and needs. It's never a one-way street. Since in my job I have to quote hourly and daily rates to people, I always keep in the back of my mind a rate for "barely living", a rate for "swimming", and a rate for "comfortable living". I'm always aware of the amount of money it takes to pay the mortgage, lights, car payment, etc. That's the thing about getting married and having kids: it makes your life a lot more complicated. Personally I don't mind living out of an apartment and eating noodles for 3 or 4 months. I could even skip a couple months on the mortgage if I had to. But when they start taking away things your family needs to survive, like a house, then that's not eating steaks, that's starving. While I have no problem gambling my family's assets on my business, I don't feel it is morally right to actually lose everything they have. Now if it was just me, that's a different story. At one point in my life, due to a fire when I was in my 20s, I lost everything I had. In a way, it's a totally liberating experience. Most people really don't need all that crap they surround themselves with every day. That's why I replied to the article. I can see both sides of the story. Most young single guys don't need a lot of money (especially with Web applications) to make a go of it. The numbers get bigger with a wife, and they get even bigger with kids. That's not wanting Filet Mignons, that's just life. I agree. I think you hit the nail on the head. But you can't do both at the same time. Good one-on-one consulting (or anything, for that matter) requires you to be 24/7 thinking of your client and their problems, not yours. Perhaps other guys are better at multi-tasking among completely different things. To me, you've got to pour your heart and soul into it, or it's not worth doing. That's just the OCD-kinda guy I am :) My biggest problem isn't the savings, it's the team. I chose to live in a really rural area, which is great for kicking back after getting off a jet from somewhere, but really sucks wind when it comes to meeting and forming teams. I'm waiting for one of these YC groups to help us hermit schmucks out with some good team-formation software. I'm an old fart (42) who's been working for myself in various capacities for 20 years. I find there are two people that ask the question. 1) The jealous/conformist. They are asking you why you are not participating in the rest of the system as they understand it. A polite smile (as you would give an idiot or child) and a "So far things are going really well. I find I don't really need a regular job" works, because it lets them feel like they know what a "regular" job is an reinforces their value system. It also makes them even more jealous, and that's a nice benefit. 2) People who just don't understand. My mom and stepdad fall into this category. They don't mean anything -- they simply have no concept of how a person could exist without working for some other organization. I've been working on my parents for the entire 20 years, to little effect. With these people, just be patient. An 80-year-old without a computer is not going to understand Web 2.0 no matter what. So it's not like even if you had a "job" they would even understand then. To them, you'll probably always be sitting around playing pong or watching Star Trek TOS and having money for some strange reason. What you build should be scalable, whether you are on one server or a thousand. I'm a huge VM fan, mainly because of the complexity of some systems we use. If you solve your app for a few VMs somewhere, it becomes trivial (mostly) to scale. Then you can do backups easily, share snapshots of complex systems, allocate hardware resources virtually, etc. Not sure about Xen, though. I've been using VMWare for a bit and I'm a happy customer.I would be interested in hearing how the various VM tools compare.