I wrote a paper on what we thought was the optimal strategy for the beer game. My team won a beer game session run at the system dynamics society conference about 10 years ago. 1. Push all the inventory to the end of the supply chain (the retailer). 2. Run the inside of the supply chain on a "pass-through" strategy - order exactly what is known to be coming down the supply chain on that turn. 3. Use a control algorithm based on the outflows from the retailer to control production at the factory (the factory player has to watch the retailer's inventory closely). The best parameters for the control system depend on the exact demand deck. I can only speak to HFT. For dev roles, Python experts (emphasis on expert) and experts in modern C++ have the easiest time. C experts and systems programmers with assembly expertise can also find a job, but the market is smaller for them (although higher-paying). OS-level and systems programming are valuable. Understanding computer architecture is important, and computer systems as well. Credentials are an important filtering mechanism for them, so if you didn't go to a top 10 school, your resume needs to make up for it (or you need to be a very experienced hire). Working at a FAANG company or a bank doesn't necessarily make up for not going to a top school. Successful devs at HFTs usually have a ~50-hour workweek or are very efficient programmers. Nobody intentionally includes security vulnerabilities in a product. This is something that Doordash knows they are doing and have decided to do, not something they are doing accidentally. Even taking a negligent security posture is not the same as intentionally including a flaw. Remember that many US states are the size of European countries. This is the same deal that many countries in Europe have: subsidized tuition for residents. Also, a lot of state systems have good schools: UC Berkeley, UMass Amherst, UIUC, UT Austin, and UW Madison come to mind. I'm also in NYC. If AirBnB went under, the real estate market here would be in deep trouble. Virtually all drugs come out of an NIH-funded lab, but so do a huge number of other drugs and therapies that don't work. The vast majority of things that come out of research labs have no hope at making it past a phase 1 trial. The drug companies do a lot of R&D to validate the ideas of drug discovery teams and to test for side effects. They spend incredible amounts of money on this, much more than the labs that initially proposed the drug. The soft core approach has many advantages, but FPGA companies have dropped the ball on single-unit (hobbyist) sales. Chips that cost $1000 from a distributor cost 1/10th to 1/100th the price when you have a relationship with the manufacturer, mostly because distributors can't sell them very quickly and have to keep a ton of stock to have the SKUs you want. On a modern FPGA, processor clocks of 200-300 MHz are possible to get with designs that aren't huge. C2H is terrible for the employee and you should know that, as a professional headhunter. Negotiating your salary upfront is likely going to give you the best deal you can get. Don't kid yourself into thinking that you can "show your value" to improve your negotiating position. Your first few months on the job are usually when you are at your lowest performance, since you are learning the company's processes. That is your trial period. You are in your best negotiating position when the company needs you more than you need them, and that is absolutely NOT after doing contract work for them for a while. Once you're at the point of converting, if you get a lowball offer, the contract position is a black mark on your resume that hurts your negotiating position with other firms. That said, I would be happy to do C2H if the following conditions were met: * Signing bonus paid in full at point of signing the contract, with no clawback. * Full health coverage during the contract portion (extra money plus the option to buy from their plans). * Severance pay at full salary for at least 6 months if you choose not to convert. * Non-exclusivity during the contract period (I can do other work if I want, and you don't own any IP I produce other than what I produce explicitly for you). I think this is sufficient to equalize the negotiating disadvantage that I get for taking the contract. I don't think any of your clients would go for it. I think the word 'learnings' comes to software companies from India. A company I worked at didn't use the word until an Indian senior manager came on, and then everyone started talking about 'learnings.' Conversely, I have heard it used in conversational English between people from India. There are plenty of other English words that work in context where you might use 'learning', like 'lesson', 'insight', or 'takeaway'. 'Learning' just encapsulates them all without nuance. Higher speeds mean less time wasted in cars, so presumably more time to work