If ever there was an existence proof of why flowcharts disappeared from engineering discourse, this is it. Seriously, which would be easier to understand: this monster or the 80 lines of code that it would take to actually implement it? Didn't he say that last decade too? I'm pretty sure I still have that book... The really short answer is "how to code". Forget technologies; forget grades. At best, they will get you in the door for an interview. They won't make your a productive employee. If you can produce working, deployable software on your own, then you will succeed. Not that many people can, honestly. If you aren't sure if you can hack, then pick a problem and solve it. If at the end of a week you can give your software to someone else and have them use it successfully, you should be fine. Everything else is fluff, and can be learned on the job. If you can hack, you'll do fine. A section on "memory debugging tools" that doesn't include valgrind? This article is crap, sorry. Lua is kind of a mess, IMHO. There are other options. Here's mine, designed for a similar (small, embeddable) role: http://plausible.org/nasal/ It doesn't have the mindshare that Lua does, nor the history, nor the testing frankly. But honestly (and yeah, I'm biased) Nasal is a cleaner, simpler, more robust and overall better language than Lua, especially for people mor e accustomed to the perl/python/javascript notion of how scripting languages should work. That's mostly a semantic game you're playing. What you term "monolithic framework" is what the author (and, IMHO, most developers) mean by the term "framework". The rest of your post describes what most people are happy to call a "library" or "toolkit", or "utility". Frameworks, as understood by common industry terminology, are defined by providing the vertical integration you are talking about. Because it's easier at the beginning. Doing a big application from scratch requires doing stuff like requirements analysis, which means you need to understand the universe of tools available to make good decisions. Then you need to prototype for a while before settling on the final design (i.e. your custom framework). With rails (or whatever) you get something that works immediately, which feels safer to a lot of folks who don't have the deep toolkit expertise required above. The problem is that while the framework works , you don't actually understand it any better than you do the toolkits, it's just handling stuff for you with (what you understand as) voodoo. So when it comes time to make big design changes in the future, the toolkit folks know exactly where to start, while the framework people are completely lost. I'm not completely against frameworks, but I've seen so many misused that I'm very wary. A stupidly-applied library is usually a point-source bug that can be fixed in one place. A stupidly-applied framework infects the whole application with its mess. Most of us would submit that people might read XML data more often if it didn't look like crap. If all we wanted was a metadata format that was easy for machines to read, we wouldn't have specified it in text. If you're not reading your XML, you're probably using it wrong. And even if you personally don't care, we're still at the mercy of all the developer out there specifying their configuration formats in XML. If you're not reading your configuration files, you're definitely using them wrong. Your point is that XML is good because it is standard. That is valid. The OP link, however, was pointing out that while this is true, it's also true that XML is a very bad choice for that metadata format. Look at things like JSON or YAML for saner, simpler and more readable alternatives. We ended up with XML because it looked like HTML at a time where "web stuff" was all the rage, not because of its inherent value. I'm not quite sure I see the real threat here. Barring remotely exploitable firmware bugs, this family of exploits requires access to the hardware. No security model anywhere can protect a machine from an attacker with physical access...