You're not dealing with big corporates or government. If you are, you're not doing so in a way that the budget weenies notice you. Big orgs are consolidating, and part of that consolidation is cutting off the ability of "rogue" business units to contract with any vendor who isn't on a select list. (And the vendors on the select list are under orders to rat out rogue initiatives to corporate HQ) Survival for small business folks stuck in this world is becoming a "partner" for IBM, Cisco/EMC/VMWare, Microsoft, HP, Deloitte, etc. A healthy skepticism of placing recording microphones on street corners all over a community is a natural reaction to an egregious abuse of civil liberties. It probably doesn't mean much to you, because you're probably white, and probably live in a "good" neighborhood. So this won't affect you. The slippery slope is already iced -- the systems are already being used to record conversations. But I guess that's ok, since it's just affecting those people on the wrong side of the tracks. One of the primary business activities of street gangs are selling drugs smuggled in from Latin America. Do you really think that it's a stretch for them to import illegal gun accessories? US Attorneys (Federal prosecutors) are appointed by the President for 4 year terms. Local State's Attorneys or District Attorneys are usually elected. If a case is primarily being handled by the FBI, it's generally a Federal case being handled by a US Attorney. Am I missing something here? This sounds alot like IMS. Hierarchical databases have been around for a long, long time. The concepts look similar to some ancient legacy system that I worked on a decade ago. Doesn't sound incredibly novel. It's amazing to me that anyone is actually arguing that RAID negates the need for backup. That is just dumb. If I ever heard an SA working for me advocate that position, I would probably get them off of my team ASAP. I think these sorts of phenomena are a direct result of the merger & consolidations that seem to be inevitable as technology moves on. If you think about it, there is a shockingly small number of people who know how to do things critical to society. How do you make a car axle? Sew complex stitching on an industrial scale? Build a CPU? In my city, you can correlate street trees with bad or declining neighborhoods. Absentee landlords see trees as a nuisance -- you need to rake leaves in the fall, and they generally believe that the roots will block up sewers, etc. I doubt the talent behind meebo is worth $200M. I'd say that it's more a bailout of the investors. This sort of thing (certificate compromise) has happened with open source projects as well. The downside of trusting certificates is that you're abstracting trust to a point that you (where you == the IT industry) stops questioning who can do what. You trust something absolutely, but that trust is based on lots of people whom you don't know doing the right thing without making mistakes.