The article is looking at it all wrong. To solve a problem, start by looking at those that already solved it. Then, see if you can apply that. Mainframes have long had ridiculously high utilization and throughput. Secret is their I/O architecture: computing happens on compute nodes and I/O is managed by I/O processors, both of which are well-integrated. If Intel etc copy this, they'll get much higher utilization and throughput. Smart embedded engineers do the same thing albeit with microcontrollers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I/O_channel A hardware engineer told me in discussions on chip subversion that BS like this is common in SOC's, too. He said they're so expensive to develop that vendors often include the functionality of all their chips in one design. Then, they flip a switch on the chip to enable or disable specific functionality. This means they all cost the same to make but they can give you specific features at specific prices. Hard disk makers do it too where you bought a "120GB" drive that uses same eg 1TB platter as the rest but firmware restricts user to 120GB. You can't be sure whats in it unless a company such as Chipworks tears it down piece by piece and wire by wire. Sneaky is the norm in hardware. The firmware on the device is a black box that controls a more complex black box in an undocumented way and where errors can break it. You don't JUST swap the firmware out. Even so, he may have meant it in the context of the onboard software and modifiable hardware (eg switch they flip at factory to permanently set behavior). Sometimes a hardware engineer will call both firmware speaking shorthand. If it was the latter, you're unlikely to change it because they blow a physical fuse (antifuse?) inside the chip. Some IP vendors are also offering encryption, tamper-sensing circuitry, and obfuscation to help chip-makers protect the systems better. They really want that extra few hundred dollars. ;) Yeah, that's what he said. So, that makes two of you saying this is industry standard for cost-cutting and increasing yield. I'd probably do the same if I made chips. We do it in security engineering for high assurance stuff for similar reasons: the more flexible, certified design can be reused in many applications with minimal extra work & (hopefully) max ROI. One thing that bothers me about the article is that it shows a recurring problem: IT not knowing what it knows. The NoSQL movement didn't notice that NonStop Architecture scaled linearly to thousands of cores with strong-consistency, five 9's, and SQL support. In the mid-80's. Instead of making a low-cost knockoff, like cluster movement did for NUMA's, they ditched consistency altogether and launched NoSQL movement. Now, I see man who invented CAP theorem discuss it while referencing all kinds of NoSQL options to show us the tradeoffs. Yet, there's Google services in production and tech such as FoundationDB doing strong consistency with distributed, high throughput and availability. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/22/foundationdb_fear_of... So, why aren't such techs mentioned in these discussions? I liked his explanation of the partitioning problem. Yet, he and NoSQL advocates seem unaware that numerous companies surmounted much of the problem with good design. We might turn CAP theorem into barely an issue if we can get the industry to put the amount of innovation into non-traditional, strong-consistency architectures as they did into weak-consistency architectures. There is hope: Google went from a famous, NoSQL player to inventing an amazing, strong-consistency RDBMS (F1). Let's hope more follow. https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... Good thinking, you two! The link shows that the black magic (spindle control, etc) is in a dedicated chip controlled by another chip. The "black box" controlling the "black box." I thought they'd be on the same chip and software package. That would increase risk. I didn't anticipate them putting it on a dedicated chip. It makes sense along some lines. So, that counts out at least one HD vendor from my claim. More could follow if they do something similar. Thanks for the article, too, as I enjoyed reading it. Yeah we do. My only guess is it's two things: (a) our industry is horrendous at communicating previous generation's wisdom in a usable way; (b) a social phenomenon. Quick example of the first are industry pro's locking up their good advice in obscure, expensive books and cutting edge research silo'd into ACM, IEEE, etc. The other is a social thing that leads to the "network" effect. People flock to something for whatever reason. This builds a community (or network) that entices others to join. That also tend to forget about other things and reinvent the wheel. Example: much of current work in Web applications aims to solve problems already solved in client-server apps with better efficiency, security, reliability, and portability. Even Facebook went back to that model for mobile IIRC. Good luck convincing most Web technologists to switch to client-server, though. Whoever solves both these problems will create ripple effects that grow innovation at a heightened, maybe exponentially better, pace. The reason will be a combination of avoiding wasted effort plus visibility into best efforts. I got ideas on Problem 1 but the best minds need to get on Problem 2: it's a gold mine if it's solved. I've edited my comment to give him that credit. I understand the CAP theorem applies to many things. The reason I tied NoSQL in is that it's often cited as the reason people traded away strong consistency. Yet, there were strongly-consistent setups with the desirable properties in production and in academia. He and others rarely mention them in such discussions. It's why I tied them together. True. I always expect this. Yet, Google doesn't fit that profile because they weren't just buying something that works: they were investing countless sums into geniuses and their projects trying to invent new things. It's at that point I expect companies to learn from the past and do better. In startup mode, I expect companies to do whatever works. Google's initial decisions were correct. Later, they dedicated expensive teams to inventing brand new solutions for about every aspect of their operation. That's when my critique apples. For instance, they might have looked at expensive NonStop, identified what they could copy with COTS tech, and made a cheap knockoff. They could've done the same with prior MPP or cluster tech which already scaled to thousands of nodes with open source management tools and microsecond latency. Much more efficient than web stacks, too. The one example I saw of them copying and improving past methods was Google File System. As I predicted, that good choice laid foundation for awesome stuff such as BigTable, Spanner, and F1. NoSQL movement's origins are highly debatable. Here's what I saw in its beginning: an explosion of articles on the subject after a few success stories about big companies doing massive scale on cheap servers. Zealots argued that mature, strong-consistency solutions had problems. So, instead of fixing those, we should just ditch them and strong consistency for The New, Great Thing. The only time I even saw a real analysis of cost-benefits was a few articles which focused on a narrow class of applications where data consistency didn't really matter. So, my conclusion was that the movement was two things: 95% a social phenomenon that happens with each IT fad; 5% a result of weaknesses of relational model and tools. That last part makes sense and is why I've always opposed RDBMS's. On your last point, do you have a citation that shows weak consistency databases offer enough integrity for "majority of use-cases?" I thought the majority of use cases for databases were protecting data that's important to a business: orders, billing, HR, inventory, customer information, and so on. I usually just tell them to use PostgresSQL and that covers it with high reliability. If you really can back your claim, though, I'll be glad to start transitioning my R&D toward designs that trade against integrity of data.