It can be applied recursively, but with diminishing returns and an increasingly alien (to a software developer) set of rules as you go down. If learning one thing made you 10% better at the thing above it, you would also become 1% better at the thing above that. Smaller transistors take less energy to switch. The problem with heat dissipation is not that the amount of energy wasted goes up, it is that the [i]ratio[/i] of energy wasted goes up. There is a point where the increase in resistance will nullify the decrease in switching costs, it is at this point where we would need superconductors. I'd really like a gallery of previous tees so I can see what sort of thing I would be getting. You say they won't be logo shirts, so what will they be? I'm interested but confused. By external factors, I think he means factors unrelated (or at least not very related) to the success of the company, like wild stock speculation. I recall that this is what happened with the Blender Foundation. Perhaps something incredible will come of this? Wordpress takes a simple thing (One-way flow of text from author to reader) and makes it easy. It could be a lot harder to deal with something where information was going both ways. A very important part of an interactive webpage is how it changes over time and with different inputs. Web developers have no trouble looking at some example widgets and imagining all the possible things a user could make them look like, but most people (might) have trouble doing that. The same thing, I imagine, applies to running servers. I only know a bit about operating servers, but from my experience there is a complete, unremovable complexity that comes with having a powerful set of tools. Perhaps, we could remove almost all the configurability from the instant-server kit, but then why would you want to run your own? It doesn't move forever, it moves until you stop it. It is a lot like a spinning satellite - the only reason it keeps going is because there is no friction. Knuth is not a developer, he is a computer scientist. The standard CS career path is not yet well trodden, maybe we are all supposed to turn into managers and high-level researchers as we get older? I think the main difference is that the launch is made using a commercial launch vehicle/capsule. If you had the money, you could hand Space X a ball of metal and a pile of cash and they will put it in orbit for you. Just because the government is the first paying customer doesn't mean it isn't commercial. I recall them saying it was liquid oxygen venting.