The question on how much Joe would have paid is interesting in an academic setting, but quite impossible to answer. To make an example, tap water is worth exactly 0$, but had my only option been to purchase water from the store, then the price I would be willing to pay would be substantially large. The way west society solved the question on how we pay the utility guys who maintain the water supply is with taxes. Copyright is an outgrowth of taxes. A private monopoly granted by the state that can be used to generate revenue without any unit cost associated. In any free market, if the unit price is zero, the then market price must be zero too. The thing I personally wonder is, since copyright is a form of tax granted by the state, is this the best way to reward creators in the art of science and beauty? The big problem with software embedded in hardware is accountability. Today, if your car crash, it could be human error, or a software error. Yet, accountability has not moved with the times, and only the human error is looked at. Fix accountability for the software and I for one will treat it as the same as the hardware. Easiest language to learn for non-technical people? I do not believe that comment was made by someone who has tried to teach a non-technical person on how to program PhP. To get started to write a simple thing like a blog, you need to explain concepts like: classes, inheritance, public/private members, global/local decelerations, and context to name a few. Add that with the X number of ways each thing can be done, and the what ways are "right", and what ways are "wrong", and it becomes a huge information load for the student even before getting started writing something simple. An important event for subjects outside intellectual property context. The next time someone has the bright idea to create a treaty in secret, people can point to ACTA as an cautionary tale. It alone is maybe the most important victory from this. While sounding fine, its a form of error in reasoning - A fallacy of a kind. The logic does not scale. If I go to the supermarket and buy cheap imported goods, I deprive the local market of the possible purchase of their goods. It is very easy, almost impossible, not to deprive someone of payment if payment is based on who has worked hard and what could have happened. The logic also demand that there is a zero sum game going where every copy equals a lost sale. Copying is as about as simple as needing. If needing results in lost sales, then each time I am hungry, I create lost sales for restaurants if I dont buy something immediately. That might also sound fine logically, as if I am hungry I will buy food, and if I didnt need to buy said food, I am depriving someone of payments for their hard work to create food I could have eaten. It is also crazy! the world is not a zero sum world. It is way more complicated and social economics (how should creative people get payed for their work) should be decided by economics and politics, not law. Let say that 5 out of 10 000 users triggered this. Then say that 2 out of those 5 would have bought a full copy but read/heard/noticed this method of getting a cheaper copy. Is that then a problem? My guess is that the time this guy spent on this info box and coupon code far exceed the money from one license. You bring some interesting points so let start with the moral standpoint. If voting with your dollar should be the method to give society feedback what is needed, roads and water should be the most expensive items one pay for. Voting with your dollar sound fine in theory, but try to find a single study proving it. There is none, and studies like "The Market for Lemons: Quality Uncertainty and the Market Mechanism" by Economist George Akerlof, and those produced by Amartya Sen should shine some light on why. Copying is as simple as needing, that is the amount of energy and action needed to copy something, is about the same as just simply needing something. Like star trek replicators, you ask for something, and a perfect copy materialize. If I was hungry and I asked the replicator for a piece of bread, would I be depriving the baker of salary? So the question ends up, how should the baker be payed for the first loaf of bread. A dollar for each copy made from it? When the poor is then denied said bread and dies because he does not have that dollar for a copy, is that then murder or good for society? So how do we make it valuable to develop. My answer would be: - Society should pay for infrastructure, be that roads, water, or network infrastructure. (Tax) - Industry regulations should regulate the industry, not private people. If a company want to do earn profit by using software made by others, they should pay. (CC-BY-NC) - Concepts like media tax would work quite fine, if distributed "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts". The current media tax seen at places like Canada and Sweden are twisted forms of that where the collectors take the largest share, and then popularity in radio takes the rest. (Media tax). - Products do compete against free and sometimes wins. Look at the "$9.99" bin at the supermarket. When the product is offered as convenience, it does not matter if at the back, down the stairs, through the window, next to the gutter, there is a "free all-you-can-eat buffet" of pirated goods. This goes back to Industry regulations. Regulate people who are running for-profit operations and that is enough to create value for the producer. (lets call that economics) Small cited section from the article: "You only need to look at the way that Red Notices are used around the world. Red Notices are normally the preserve of terrorists and dictators. The president of Syria does not have a Red Notice alert. Gaddafi in Libya, at the same time Julian's arrest warrant was issued, was not subject to a Red Notice but an Orange Notice. It was an incredibly... it was incredibly unusual that a red notice would be sought for an allegation of this kind." And the allegation is accusation of sexually assault of the lowest degree. The lowest. Accusations. If Anders Breivik fled out of jail from Norway, he would be unlikely to receive the same high international legal attention that Assange got. It things like that this that causes people to loose trust in the legal system, especially the Swedish legal system. The appropriate method is to issue an arrest, then using informal channels to the UK police asking for assistance. Interpol notices are for extreme rare exceptions. If one would to be used for any common crime where the accused has left the country, the list would become useless. We would end up with a list somewhere around 200 000 - 1 000 000 people, not 7,678. It somewhat like bringing in tanks, bombers, and a nuclear missile in handling a shop lifter running away from the store. It might work, but appropriate action it is not. Equal to the law it is clearly not. Interpol requests like that are rare event reserved for server international crimes. The total number for 2011 was just 7 000 requests, which was substantial larger than for 2010 which was the year the Julian Assange notice was requested. To take it into context, a brutal murder where you have witnesses to it and the murder "suspect" flee the country, you still do not request a red notice. In the Swedish police words (asked by reporters), requesting help from Interpol is only done in exceptional cases where such expenses and laboure can be justified.