I'm not sure the present situation is actually worse than 1984 or "beyond Orwellian" but agreed on absurd, ridiculous and disgusting. The fact that we are even having a conversation about the similarity is concerning. The observation that a community may be infiltrated by spooks reminds me of spot the fed: https://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-15/dc-15-stf.html . So if I understand you correctly the railroads would basically be the same as the Interstate highway system? I don't know enough about how the railroads work to comment on how feasible such an arrangement would be. Does the government currently subsidize railroad maintenance and/or construction? Edit: Is there a precedent anywhere else in the world for nationalized railways? I don't think he advocated nationalizing the railroads, just the infrastructure. I don't see how this would be any different than trucking companies competing on public roads. There is certainly competition in that industry. Are there regions where two railroad (companies) have built competing infrastructure? Disclaimer: I am not an accountant. According to http://www.bnsf.com/about-bnsf/financial-information/form-10... BNSF has about 85% of their revenue in the tracks and 15% in the trains so your guess isn't far off. Can you comment on competition for a given route in the current railroad model? I assume railroads control who uses their tracks so they can prevent competitors from serving those routes, is that the case and how does that not constitute some form of monopoly? Edit: Thank you for the clarification, I had no idea how much railroads had tied up in the infrastructure. It seems that much of the value of a railroad is on the ability to serve certain routes without competition which in hindsight is pretty obvious. For a route from city A to city B that can be served by BNSF do consumers have a choice of a second railroad? If the answer to that is mostly no doesn't BNSF have some form of monopoly on rail transport? Thanks for the map. I see that many of these routes are only served by one railroad. For example, how does BNSF not have a monopoly on the route from Moorhead to Brainerd? How common are track sharing and common transport agreements? AnimalMuppet did a great job answering the monopoly question elsewhere in the comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10510522 Thank you again for your detailed replies, I don't know much about our rail infrastructure but it is interesting. Can you explain what the taxes are for on the rail lines? In your example could the customer build their own small rail lines to meet up with the existing tracks of BNSF and UP both to allow them to pick who they use to haul freight between Chicago and LA? Does that happen? I am reminded of a plant tour at a major manufacturer where they had a rail line that ran right into their factory to deliver raw materials, I wonder who owns the rails. Do railroads have a anything similar to the meet up rooms in carrier hotels where you can move from one rail network to another? Please remember that it falls to us, the voters and citizens to enact the laws that we see fit. The judicial branch only interprets the law, we still have the ability to change it if we disagree. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. 1) Providing commercial passenger service is not the same as giving someone a ride. In the case of commercial service your passengers are your customers and expect a certain level of service. This could motivate you to take additional risks that you would not otherwise take. Such as flying in questionable weather so as not to lose the fare or get a bad rating on the service causing you to miss out on future fares. 2) Flying an airplane is nothing like making a cheeseburger. I do not think it is a worthwhile goal to allow unskilled people to operate airplanes, especially if they are carrying passengers. Instead we should focus on making sure the operators of the planes are as capable as possible to first avoid dangerous situations and then deal with them when they are unavoidable. This is exactly what the FAA does. If you screw up a cheeseburger maybe someone gets sick, if you screw up in an airplane people die. They aren't even remotely the same thing.