Does a FedEx package transfer to the other country's Post Office? My experience is that a package sent by FedEx arrives with FedEx. Standard Post would be the equivalent to SMS in that it's everywhere, and private companies would be the other apps, right? Then the equivalent to your identifiable address would be your phone number. Except if you want something more anonymous, which is then more complicated. Just the same with the Post example... Genuinely interested: can you elaborate on what metadata the matrix servers have access to? Say, don't they know who I am writing to, when and which groups I belong to? Signal does not, and that's guaranteed by the client code (i.e. no need to trust anything on the server for that). I am pretty sure it's harder than you think, while keeping Signal's UX and privacy level: https://signal.org/blog/secure-value-recovery How does it compare in terms of privacy? I mean Signal's private contact discovery, private groups, private profiles, sealed sender, etc? To be fair, you can build it from sources, and I'm pretty sure they provide an apk (they used to, at least). Two words: threat model. Because a private company can do something does not mean it should be allowed to do it, does it? It's already bad enough with Starlink, but surely it's only a matter of time before other companies and governments want to compete. Which makes me wonder if governments should not just agree on forbidding it entirely. Can you elaborate on that? Maybe you do, yes. And maybe you're happy with an alternative with usernames where the server keeps the list of your contacts. Or maybe you are not, and you will want an alternative where you need to rebuild your contacts list every time you install the app. But some people are happy messaging people based on the phone number, because everything else is too cumbersome. Different people have different threat models, and one chooses the best UX for their threat model. For millions of people (maybe not you), apparently it is Signal. I don't get it. So with Nix, every package I install will possibly come with its own dependency tree, completely independent from other packages. So instead of relying on distro maintainers who, say, check one version of OpenSSL, I'll be relying on the devs of each package. I doubt they will do the work, so either they will never update their deps, or update without checking them. It feels like Nix is like npm for my system, and distributes the trust I put in maintainers between all the devs of all the dependencies. That's not what I want... What am I missing?