This is good advice for a novice, but I have to say from my experience I pretty vehemently disagree. I suppose there's a sort of spectrum of programmer personality types that may help to explain the disagreement. Please forgive me of I am prone to hyperbole in my description. One type of programmer says "never rewrite a function if it exists in a library". They do this in part because they are not confident in their own abilities (see disclaimer about hyperbole), and generally trust code if it's written by somebody else. Another type is more of a cowboy. The cowboy wants to write everything from scratch, for the opposite reasons - because they don't trust code not written by them. Someone who reliably adheres to only one of these extremes at all times is probably not a good person to work with. However, both of these motivations do have some basis in fact and practicality. On the one hand, use of libraries gets the job done quickly and can save you some headaches. On the other hand, there are some pretty bad to horrible libraries out there, many of them quite popular; introducing dependency on the library can add considerable complexity, code size, and weaken your own "whole-program" understanding of what's going on. I'd say that being distrustful of dubious library dependencies is a good thing. In practice, even your libc is not necessarily going to be as well maintained as you suggest. The people who maintain such libraries might not have the motivation to do the sort of periodic performance tweaks and updating for the current era that you ascribe to them. They might have a working implementation and decide to stick with it as long as possible. (In my experience this is more common than your rosy picture.) That's fine for them but it doesn't mean the library will work for you, or help you meet your performance goals. One problem with your side of the spectrum is that the people who write the libraries aren't always perfect or even good authorities. You have to know when to let go of your trust in them. And especially, if I really need something to be faster and it's something that I can spend a few hours on, benchmark, and either decide to take or maybe just revert and go back to the library... Well then yes, I'm going to take a crack at it. One can always revert it later. > standard library functions as often as you think -- you're wrong. I know for certain that Linux, Windows, and Solaris all receive continual updates for new hardware platforms for their standard library. Well I was actually speaking from experience here. I might be more willing to believe you for something like memcpy(), but as an example (and the one I was thinking of), the Windows CRT is generally in pretty poor shape. I've also seen some crufty things in libc trees from some of the *BSDs. I'm not certain he had another metric in mind, but it seemed plausible that he may be suggesting that test score performance did not actually increase after No Child Left Behind, or that an increased emphasis on test scores in the last decade had not had a positive measurable impact, even on an imperfect measure like test scores. I don't know what the actual data say but it seems like that was the avenue he was going down. I do think it was a mistake for the parent to refer to it as "petty". Maybe some of it is petty, but a lot of it are valuable skills that you learn on the job . But that is the key phrase, "on the job". I know I personally didn't go to school to fit all these check boxes. It seems like a poor choice to me that you and your classmates would (1) enter into a CS program without much interest in CS, then (2) blame the field of study for not being interesting to you. I for one am glad I got a CS degree (for the CS degree's sake) and thankful for what I was exposed to in those years. These other check boxes? Sure they are valuable. That's what my first job was for. I'll agree that WinRT is not complete, but that's hardly COM's fault. The real story is that they thought they could replace decades of development platform evolution in a 3 year development cycle. And even in that 3 years, they didn't think things through very well, or make many attempts to learn from history. With that I would disagree that it's a good/bad, .NET/COM axis. Many programmers are productive with Win32 and COM in ways that they are not with WinRT. I did work in a Sinofsky org. I was an individual contributor and didn't have a flashy title. What I saw was a man that maintained a sizable gap between reputation/rhetoric and reality. The man who supposedly cleaned up Windows did so largely by taking credit for the work of COSD, which he didn't run. For all he would amusedly repeat the phrase "don't ship the org chart", we pretty much ... shipped the org chart. During the big re-org he seemed very precise about getting a fixed number of reports on each team and having a constant tree height in all parts of the org chart, but during the (overly long) planning phase and during development he never seems to have asked the right questions of the folks doing the Modern UI or WinRT, such as "dude, what the fuck are you building?", or "does this shit make sense?" He empowered what is in the end a very dopey PM organization. He and his people would also veto stuff if it depended on non-Sinofsky divisions. He was also a staunch advocate of not doing things right the first time, and letting it become someone else's problem in a future release. I also recall he wrote in a blog post that it should be expected that people in their early 20s work unreasonably long hours and have no social life, and that expectation was clear if you looked at the rank and file of many important teams: lots of kids right out of college doing the work that you'd expect someone more experienced to have some role in, or at least mentor; I saw a fair number of regressions and crappy features result from this approach. Years ago some commenter on the "Mini Microsoft" blog called him "The George W. Bush of Microsoft". I tend to agree. It's been some years since I read it so perhaps my memory is hazy. This is the part I found most objectionable: > In other words, no matter how many hours you are officially supposed to work when you are new you will put in a lot more to get those projects done. That is ok. No, that is expected because you are going through the learning phase. Your learning is not happening on a practice field but is happing in the big show. So the extra hours and effort are worth it to you and the team. Then later: > Microsoft will feel a lot like college in terms of the hours you put in and the environment you work in. It will be fun. It will mean late nights. It will mean "hanging out". All of those same things. That was my experience and when I look around I see the same thing happening now. Even though your excerpt makes what I would call a more correct point, I still think the above is uncool. Reading it several years ago put me off severely and coming back to it I still think he was wrong to put it that way, even if he partially redeems himself later. I read it as "it's OK and good for low-paid college grads to overwork themselves, but later you won't want to do that." The complaint about typedefs and Win32 is kind of odd. These are style choices that libraries and large projects should be entitled to make. I used to work at MS and grew very comfortable (and appreciative) of the stylistic choices in the NT kernel (distinct from the Win32 style, one key difference is much less Hungarian notation). But I can jump back into more typical-of-*nix styles with ease. Or the more Win32 style if preferred. I think it's important to see the merits and drawbacks of various style decisions in a non-judgmental fashion, and be able to switch back and forth depending on the code base you're working in. It's a mistake to confuse style and convention with "not being real C". Different doesn't mean not real. Less legacy, eh? Well, I guess there has been less emphasis on compatibility throughout the years, but NeXTSTEP is older than Windows NT... You must be thinking of the POSIX subsystem. NT's design was meant to have several personalities, of which Win32 was one, OS/2 was one, and POSIX was one, supposedly on equal footing. The POSIX subsystem still exists, I believe you can get it by the control panel under "Programs and Features", "Turn Windows features on or off", and when you check the box it directs you to a website to get GNU tools to run on top of it. (This part used to come from a company called Interix, acquired by MS in '99 according to Wikipedia.)