There are already people cheating. I'm looking at you Anon #2340. That's okay, there's time to work on the shielding. 0.03 c is the most that can be feasibly achieved using top-end near future technology like dusty plasma fission fragment rockets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fission-fragment_rocket This memo spends the entire time talking about the 'evil' al-qa'ida and how even if a US citizen joins them then legally they should get to kill them. It goes into deep detail about this scenario for a number of pages. But it skips over, in 5 lines at the very beginning, that it also applies to anyone they arbitrarily say are associated with al-qa'ida. No details about that. The important issue isn't the legal justification of some mythical US al-qa'ida as this document tries to stress. It's about the fact that they decide who is an 'associated group' they can also kill and that decision is secret and arbitrary. http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ provides a good background summary of microcode on AMD/Intel CPU in general. Here's a non-scribd link: http://www-users.cs.umn.edu/~jansen/papers/lira-ndss2013.pdf After reading the full text article I was surprised to find the protons from the aluminium foil/picosecond pulse interaction actually come from hydrocarbon impurities that were on the back surface of the foils. If they don't guard that hydrocarbon film on the back of the aluminium from the Boron-ionizing nanosecond pulse then they don't get protons. So that is why the second thinner aluminium film is there; to shield the impurity layer on the thick aluminium film. According to my tests (with many dongles of E4K and R820T tuners) it takes about ~50 milliseconds for everything to happen. Use keenerd's experimental branch for fast tuning with R820T tuners. I'm not sure the main branch has fixed the driver yet. My best guess is that something in libusb is slowing down the process which in theory should only take ~8 milliseconds. The cap is not the frightening bit of this announcement. That Comcast has declared they will MITM and hack user connections to all websites not using SSL is frightening. > ...we are fortunate enough to have an OptiTrack optical motion capture system in our lab. The 12 cameras capture at 100FPS, and the Motive software computes position and orientation... That part of it seems a bit less feasible for home use. This is one area where a native AR system like the CastAR wins. Okay, but does the baseband processor have direct memory access to the system RAM? If so, it is useless from a security standpoint.