byrenesreview basically answered below where he said at least half of hedge funds and traders use Excel. Thing is, hedge funds, quants in general will be way more likely to use real modelling software than everybody else, so byrne's experience of them using anything but Excel is skewed. In I-banking, Private Equity, management consulting, the financial industry generally, Excel is king. If you look at BankersBall they have a tab for excel tricks. Dealmaven got bought for $14m recently, and their product (apart from the bootcamp, which obviously doesn't scale) was a financial modelling package, or rather, training in modelling, along with macros, shortcuts and a manual for Excel, as it's used in finance (really very good training in modelling, as you'd expect from a firm with a Wharton prof on board) China's non-democratic system means it invests in infrastructure before other more immediately demanded things. I think it has a better education system from primary to secondary, as outside of Kerala a lot of teachers are habitually absent. India has higher barriers to entry in damn near everything because of the "Licence Raj" and insane employment legislation. Its almost impossible to fire people once your enterprise has more than 100 employees. China has been experiencing the demographic dividend (falling birthrate means the dependency ratio drops, and you get a bulgein the population pyramid in the working age population, more taxes, fewer pensions and childcare) Hey, will your mate take an English speaker with no intention of working legally, who doesn't want to pay tax, with no intention of staying longer than a year? That is one lousy article. It's too short, and doesn't come with enough provisos. I agree with the spirit of what he's saying, but for crying out loud, people are expensive to train, and lots of them turn out useless anyway. I'm sure there are many, many fields where Trojan work and a determination not to give up will get you very far if you get a little luck and grab it for all it's worth, but you have to be up to hammering your head at that wall until it breaks, and in some fields the wall ain't breaking (mostly due to licenture issues) A friend took three years to get into video games programming after building a substantial portfolio, getting business experience and doing a Masters that's stupidly competitive to get into, after getting his CS/IT degree. If you're that bloody minded, sure you can make it, but don't put down the people who turn you down when you're an unknown quantity. Look at your situation with cold eyes, not fake optimism and opinions of your worth and capability. http://www.smallparty.org/yoram/quantum/ Quantam Microeconomics by Yoram Bauman "The basic text, Quantum Microeconomics, is intended for use in introductory classes. A calculus-based version (unimaginatively titled Quantum Microeconomics with Calculus) is available for intermediate courses or math-intensive introductory courses, but it is much less polished. Both versions are covered by a Creative Commons license that establishes simple guidelines under which you (or anyone else) can freely use and/or modify the text for non-commercial purposes." There can be great value in personal interaction. I agree that big lectures like described should and will die off. However, the fastest way to learn anything is to have a series of conversations with an expert. (I guess that could still be reproduced by videochat or something...) I understand this has long been the model in many UK schools. The long conversations with an expert are purely an Oxbridge thing, it costs waaay too much to do that for it to be worthwhile for students with less potential/no tradition of doing so. The author said he'd read Vom Kriege, which is Clausewitz's "On War" I love Freakonomics, it's a large part of the reason I'm studying economics but that chapter is a catastrophic pile of wrong. Two articles picking it to pieces http://www.bos.frb.org/economic/wp/wp2005/wp0515.pdf http://islandia.law.yale.edu/donohue/Joyce%20%282004%29.pdf ) In Ireland and Britain college = university. I believe the US has a ~distinction that a college is an undergraduate institution, which may or may not be part of a university, but the rest of the Anglosphere follows British usage in that a college is post secondary school though it may not be degree granting, like the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. The US IRS claims a right on your income for ten years after you renounce citizenship, which given the hoops you have to jump through to renounce US citizenship is a bit rich.