I see where you're coming from, but environment has many subtle factors that lead to, I believe, missed opportunities if they aren't taken advantage of. For example, what would a Houston Oil startup gain from spending a few months of critical startup time in a city with high rent, drastically different driving culture, little access to oil companies, services, equipment, fields and etc, and a completely different set of laws regarding their practice? Better to be spending their after-hours times mingling with the oil folks in Houston bars than the tech folks in SF bars. Who makes the first top-level judgement of "this is very good" or "this is very bad?" That's the story story of a game-learning program that found the best way to "not lose" at tetris was to pause right before a brick extended above the top of the level, and leave it paused indefinitely. I don't understand how this is relevant - it's a technology people use to stay connected, share photos, and communicate. Is there some issue you have with this? The article wasn't commenting on the moral implications of facebook or even the beat-to-death privacy issues. Soulless algorithm designed by living humans, hosted on a website which features user-generated content, designed by a human. It's not like it's AI. Many of the bootcamps rely on this self-selection as an aspect of their admissions, to ensure their post-program hire numbers stay high. For example, having a technical interview with a high failure rate, followed by about 80 hours of precourse work, followed by another failure chance on a precourse test. Those that have the desire and ability to learn enough technical material to first pass the technical interview, and then complete the precourse work, probably would have figured out a good deal of developer skills on their own anyway. My only fear is that ultimateGuitarTabs will use these developments to make visiting their site on mobile even more of a hellish experience. Agreed here. I found myself lethargic and frankly stupid until I discovered, through a sleep study, that I have sleep apnea. To cure this, I was simply prescribed an anti histamine pill, to be taken once a day, and a corticosteroid spray to be taken in the nostrils once a day. My sleep apnea was cured within a week and my abilities as a developer increased tenfold. It is really amazing how much of a difference in your personality and abilities a good night's sleep can make. A quick google search shows, yes. Anecdotal, it's how I was raised. Really? A person can be the flagship of a movement that is so opposed to your point of view as to be dangerous. A radically religious up and coming politician for example. Or, I suppose, Hitler.