C++ it seems. Hello, author here. As I hint to in this article, explaining or teaching "what a monad is" is fallacious. Given that each monad requires 400–2000 words to teach in its most basic form, explaining the most common monads in a single article would make that article around 15 pages long. That is way out of scope of this article, but perhaps suitable for five other separate articles. I'll have to think about it! Meanwhile, I'm sure you can Google search for Stack Overflow questions on Maybe, Either, List and other monad types to get used to them. You can imagine it a little like walking up to a musician and asking, "Will you please teach me the musical instruments?" The answer you get will be filled with counter-questions: "Do you know any musical instrument? What kind of instrument are you interested in? Can you read sheet music?" (Or, for that matter, try asking an OOP programmer, "Teach me the Gang of Four patterns, please!" It will elicit a similar response, not a 15-page blog post. ;) ) When the type is some sort of container type (Maybe, Either, List, Tuple and so on), the functor interface gives you a function that will change the contents of the container, while preserving the container structure. Example: fmap (*3) (Just 12) === Just 36 When the type is some sort of computation type (IO, Promise, STM, Parser, unwrapped Reader), the functor interface gives you a function that will take a function and compose it with the computation. In other words, the result of the computation will be passed through your specified function before it is finally returned. Example: fmap (+5) (getPromise age) -- promise age is filled with 43 and -- the fmap call will return 48 I'm probably one of those rare programmers who has never had any real experience with OOP. I can tell you that reading about design patterns makes my head spin. I've been able to understand a few design patterns, but that has been because I've had an actual, practical problem in my code and the design pattern could be applied to solve it. Take as an example the following paragraph from Wikipedia: > The essence of the Mediator Pattern is to "define an object that encapsulates how a set of objects interact". It promotes loose coupling by keeping objects from referring to each other explicitly, and it allows their interaction to be varied independently. Client classes can use the mediator to send messages to other clients, and can receive messages from other clients via an event on the mediator class. I have no idea what that means and how and when I apply it in practise. It's just a bunch of abstract mumbo-jumbo, like an explanation of "what a monad is" will be. So I still hold that the abstract description comes after you learn how to use the thing, not before it. Unfortunately no, but that's in the works. Now that several people have requested it, I've bumped it up on my list of priorities. Semigroup is a closer match. Monoid includes an identity element. (All monoids are semigroups, and a lot of semigroups are monoids, but not all of them.) Also might matter that open floor plans make interacting with people convenient, and it's a large part of their job to interact with people. I really only need interaction with people for well under 10% of a normal work day. What makes perfect sense for their kind of works does not make as much sense for my kind of work. About 1: all of your experiences still hold today. A friend of mine started a file hosting business on the side when he was still in elementary school. Much like yours, it quickly became popular in one small community, and then spread out of that. Today, 8 or so years later, he has quit to work full time on it and he works on it... a lot. "Easily scalable" only works to a point, then it quickly becomes expensive unless you create a solution tailored specifically for your problems, at which point you're negating the "easily" part again. Not sure if it's relevant, and unfortunately it's a bit outdated, but have you seen Real World Haskell? Also related is Beginning Haskell – A Project Based Approach. Me too. I normally need around 8–9 hours to function normally throughout the whole day – an hour more if I've been exercising regularly. It's highly impractical sometimes, but I've started to accept that I just need more sleep. I can usually get by with less sleep (7 hours) and function somewhat normally if I go to bed and wake up at the same time every day, but I feel much better if I get a couple of hours more.