Webkit is LGPL, Chrome is based on Webkit, and the entire OS is built around Chrome. It's also speculated that their "new window system" is built on DirectFB which is LGPL. It makes a nice story, but I think a black triangle moment is something programmers should strive to avoid. Progress should be incremental and visible as much as possible and the system as a whole should always be in a working and testable state. Working on something for weeks before getting it into a testable state is a surefire recipe for an over-designed system with superfluous features and long debugging sessions. Turns out software isn't like buildings. Buildings can't be refactored during construction, nor do their requirements change halfway through. Developing software incrementally requires diligence in refactoring to keep the code clean, but development goes faster despite the "extra" refactoring time and the end product is better for it. Every week you can't show visible progress to a customer is a week your code drifts farther from their actual desires. The feedback loop is essential to writing good software. It may be difficult to achieve at times but it should always be our goal. Just look where the money is: they didn't list stats for ad clicks but I'm willing to bet IE6 users click more than their share of ads, and Firefox users less. In your example there are ways to do development incrementally. You could generate some files that only use a tiny subset of the features of Parasolid, in only one version. Once you have that working you can add feature and version support incrementally guided by your customer's priorities, which they might not even be aware of themselves but can easily be found by testing your code on a sampling of their most important files. Your incremental progress is loading of files with progressively more features, closer to your customer's files. It might turn out that you can avoid implementing every version and feature of the format, and it's much easier, faster, and more accurate to figure this out by testing working code than trying to write a spec ahead of time. I prefer the analogy posted by norkakn on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/90tge/hey_rprog... L1 - There is a sandwich in front of you. L2 - Walk to the kitchen and make a sandwich RAM - Drive to the store, purchase sandwich fixings, drive home and make sandwich HD - Drive to the store. Purchase seeds. Grow seeds..... .... ... Harvest lettuce, wheat, etc. Make sandwich. One better: OpenGL in Firefox via Canvas: http://blog.vlad1.com/2007/11/26/canvas-3d-gl-power-web-styl... I'd argue that most simple UI animations are in fact presentational, not behavioral. One of the nice things about defining animations declaratively in CSS instead of procedurally in Javascript is that browsers will have control over the implementation. Your browser could easily have a "no animations" mode, or selectively disable certain animation types. Browsers can implement animations much more efficiently if they don't have to call Javascript every frame, and they can also separate animation from whatever else the page is doing; animations could be slowed or stopped in background tabs or low-battery situations while the page's Javascript continues running. Everyone is focused on this removal of the null check by the compiler, but to me that's a red herring. The real bug is the fact that SELinux allows you to map memory to address 0! Fix that and this is much less serious.