Looking at the OPSkins website ( https://opskins.com ), they have authentication setup so people can login using their Steam account. I'm interested in creating a web app that allows auth via Steam account too, but I'm not seeing any docs about how to make that happen. Anyone know how that's done? [follow up edit] This seems to be it → https://steamcommunity.com/dev Looks like there's a Steam Web API that allow auth via Steam OpenID. Likely workable. :D Developers! Developers! Developers! Kinda thinking it might be beneficial adding this to the libgit2 project itself (eg via GitHub PR). Any objections to that? Just to point out... there's no capital G in PostgreSQL's name. It's either "PostgreSQL" or "Postgres". ;) Also to be super pedantic... it's SQLite, not SQLLite. ;) Definitely agree. The PostgreSQL Community began my serious involvement with Open Source Software, about 15 years ago. It's one of the best groups I've ever seen, due to their patience, friendliness, encouragement of others, and willingness to share info/experiences for mutual benefit. It doesn't hurt that being very good with PostgreSQL is useful on a CV too. ;) Audio very badly stutters here under Firefox on a reasonable spec Win 8.1 PC - 3.6GHz i3-4160 dual core, GTX 970, 16GB RAM. Not an award winning spec system, but for single threaded maximised games (most) it's more than decent. ;) For me, OSX was really good up until 10.6 as well. I used to use 12 or more virtual desktops at a time though (for mental separation), so the massive reduction from having 16+ available at any time to 5-6 without scrolling... massively killed my mental organisation. That one change has reduced my lack-of-distraction immensely. And now with notifications front-and-centre... that's just not understanding people who need to be focused and productive. :( Anyway, I've been trying out OpenBSD over the two weeks (using XFCE and -stable). It seems nice so far. Tried Lumina initially, but it just crashes for me very soon after launch. Also tried compiling -current a few times in the last few days, as I'd like try out stuff with the new vmm subsystem (and maybe make libvirt work), but it's failing to compile every time (bare metal and OSX Fusion). I'm obviously doing something dumb, and will hopefully figure it out later / gain-a-clue. :) Prob need to ask on IRC I guess. ;) Linux is absolutely a great thing for experimenting with, but once you're exposed to something that's planned/thought about... you get the sense it's an ever growing hodge-podge of utilities/functionality designed by people that don't really communicate with each other that well. Computers are growing more powerful, they should make our lives easier. That's not the direction Linux nor OSX nor Windows is going in the last few years. The BSD's each seem to take a more co-ordinated approach (better team communication?), so I'm personally hoping they do better over time. Try out the BSD's in a VM. Some of the command line utilities you're used to in Linux need different arguments, or aren't as feature rich. (I really miss tree mode in ps for example). But, in general the BSD's feel much better organised. Hope that helps. ;) Not the mountains I thought you were meaning. :p "... having worked for a short time at the Chattanooga Aquarium where he fed the sharks." That's also a line for people who died of shark attack. (ok, not Chattanooga Aquarium specifically) Just saying. ;)