There's a fallacy more.. The business never, ever, ever puts forward so simple requirements, and if they did, the only right way to respond would be to just f*ing do it. The business has a problems that's more like, "all of these CSV files clutter my desktop, I need them cleaned up". The hacker that then goes home and makes a Perl script that parses and archives all the files in a relational database need not apply, while the guy who ventures out to figure out how these files got there in the first place and how to fix the broken process should get the job. How does this "buying" concept of source control software work? > This is an interesting quote. If you replace Marx and Engels with Mohammed, Communism with Islam, and Russian with say Iranian you end up with "something you can't say". Which is again interesting, because it isn't true. You'll have to be pretty blinded not to see the main difference between Marxism and Islam - namely that the latter is a religion which can exists independently of a government, while Marxism in it's very core is a layout for a state. It doesn't make sense to live as a practising Marxist in a capitalism society, but you can very well live as a practising Muslim in a Christian or secular society. Way too many governments are using Islam to subdue their people in a totalitarian state, and they are helped by islamophobes in the west, who lend them legitimacy by claiming that it's just the way Islam is. Agreed. Indeed, most of the rewrites I've seen look like this: RewriteRule .* /index.php No, but mod_rewrite is not the only way of implementing it. In the mentioned case, index.php would implement a front-controller. mod_rewrite is black magic, and will fail without suggesting why, just throwing a 500 Internal Server Error. Debugging a front controller in PHP (or whatever) it much easier. Problem is, if the questions can be automatically generated from publicly available information (the contents of a blog), so can the answer. It will work as long as the system is not commonly available, because spammers won't care - but that's true for any new anti-spam system. Manually creating three options and selection one as the "right answer" won't work either, a spammer will just try three times, until he gets it right. I don't like the affinity test - it may work for certain types of sites, but consider the case where you criticize a company on a blog, and a rep wants to reply and participate in the discussion. If he has to do a "nontrivial amount of research" to post, he's probably not going to, which would be a shame. > It's a joke. Worse, I think it's art. I'd guess that they'd need to partition their data somehow by then, so the Europe DB is master for European users and slave for the rest, and so on. > But our monitoring servers, prior to some recent optimizations, hammered the disks as fast as they would go at over 1000 random writes per second sustained 24×7. I don't know what that monitoring thing does, but if you make it hammer your non-persistent local storage, and then sync logs to S3, you should be fine. As I understand this service, it's only for transactional stuff that absolutely need to be there after a reboot (e.g. transactional DB), if the plug is pulled accidentially. Thanks for sorting out any ideological issues anyone might have in three sentences. Or, of course, you could try to, you know, read a book about free markets, and then one on international financial regulations (I guarantee you the latter will be much longer and harder to read), and then try to put Paypal and libertarianism into the same box again.