I am really excited about the future possibilities of this platform. I've been playing with the alpha server this weekend, and Kenton is basically working on the future I've been picturing, the next iteration of web services. The way it was already designed, it was incredibly easy to port to Sandstorm. Like, I think I changed three or four lines of code tops to get it working? You can't really integrate this into ownCloud well, since it's an entirely PHP based piece of software. And a lot of places ownCloud currently works (shared/reseller hosting) won't work with EtherCalc. Check out sandstorm.io though. (There's another comment about it above.) I got EtherCalc working on it pretty easily, and I think it really IS a killer Google Docs replacement. :D Honestly, it kinda scares me how many companies are willing to transmit and store proprietary corporate data over random cloud services these days. Changed it how? Google has since tossed XMPP integration for their whole closed platform Hangouts thing, MSN's old halfway-API-able thing has been integrated into Skype, which is entirely closed, I believe. AIM and YIM are all but dead, at this point. Personally, I think copyleft licenses are somewhat abusive by nature. It's not really making a contribution to society if you leave a bunch of strings attached to tell people how they can use it. Plus, for a new platform like Sandstorm to be able to meet as many use cases as possible, it does need to be something that corporations can actually build business models and proprietary systems on top of as well. I've thought about this sort of thing for a long time, it's always been possible, but I think the corporate cloud companies have distinctly tried to prevent anyone from realizing it. The cloud era has led users to sacrifice so many freedoms they never even realized they lost, making compromises they never should've been forced to. Well, it's kinda an Alpha. Goes without saying, doesn't it? One of the Sandstorm devs is already working on porting Diaspora. pump.io has been mentioned as a possible thing to port. The primary idea being that open source web apps can be used without having to be a server admin. Non-technical users can install apps on a Sandstorm server as easily as installing apps on their phone.