Now that top tier drive maker has acquired the 2nd or 3rd tier maker expect storage prices to go up. Seagate isn't the competition it used to be. If this is true, this is lame. You can't lose. Lame. you are addicted to infographics. Emacs had nothing to do with it. I don't think the government would deny either. I have 3 stations. 2x (2 24") and 27". One 2 24" is landscape portrait where the the other is dual portrait. I think I prefer having two monitors. It is really nice to have a terminal window, docs and IDE open all at the same time. Having the code on the vertical portrait monitor is nice (140+ lines visible at a time). Bezels were never a problem for me. See http://vimeo.com/22606387 Kostis Sagonas goes over PropEr and Dialyzer for Erlang. http://groups.google.com/group/erlang-programming/browse_thr... http://dialyzer.softlab.ntua.gr/ With these two tools one can have a stronger type system than Haskell. PropEr is amazing work. Not to mention CED https://github.com/mariachris/CED which checks all possible state transitions for race conditions. When is the pretending so good that it ceases to be pretending? How much Mocking does the Mocking Bird need to partake in before it is the Creating Mocking Bird? What it didn't seem like Norvig got was difference between understanding and a highly sophisticated pretender. Gut Level vs Self Aware intelligence. Both are valid forms of intelligence but only one is a valid form of understanding. I think statistical methods are a form of intelligence that are highly mechanical and could never achieve human level cognition (ie fart jokes). But I could be wrong, usually am more than half the time. Intel will stop making bricks (metaphor) and skip 28nm and go directly to 20nm for Atom. It is their only hope to get into mobile, even then it will be a weak value prop as the entire mobile market will be on an ARM ISA. Even though the whole dev chain is slightly more flexible to an ISA change, Intel will still be slighty x86ed out of the market only they will be on the other side of the fence this time. Intel won't run on the phones, but they might, if they play their cards right run on tablets and netbooks. It really does suck to be the 900 Lb gorilla.