I'm curious: what kind of computational challenge are we talking about? Does image recognition take 1 second on a smartphone, or 2 hours on a supercomputer? The JVM is multi-language only because the languages were specifically designed and/or modified to run on it. I'm wondering: how does this compare speed-wise to other real-world JITs. For example, node.js (V8). Are there any tricks used in your VM which are not used by V8, and conversely? The best test of a language is to see if you can write the compiler itself in the language (step 1) and also if you can write the runtime system in that language (step 2). IMHO, both are required for a language to be considered a good "systems language", and a worthy competitor of e.g. C++. I know that the Rust compiler is written in Rust (step 1), but I'm not sure about the runtime. You say that the runtime is disappearing. But, if LLVM is being used, then since it provides the JIT, I'd say it is a really big part of the runtime, actually. But what does a CPU running an idle virtual machine do? If you want to take the statistical approach, then you could also say that there exists a nonzero probability that it is not the case :) I'd rather see an OS and package manager that has a "functional" design (as in functional programming language, functional data structures). This would allow conflicting packages to be installed next to eachother in different branches of a functional filesystem. Wouldn't it be cool if there were a library that could build relational APIs for any problem (including an optimizing SQL compiler)... The problem I have with this is representation. One's brain cells are a certain representation (in other words implementation). Would the same consciousness be present with another representation (e.g., computers on the internet)? How about if we chose a completely different (nonsensical) representation, for example, at time instance t0 the brain is represented by grains of sand, then at t1, the brain is represented by e.g. the trees in a forest, then at t2, etc. My point is that you could ascribe consciousness to just about anything. Also, if the representation of brain cells produces a consciousness, would the (dual) representation of "NO brain cells" also produce a consciousness, and would they thus both exist at the same time or would they collapse into one consciousness?