Many colleges/universities existed before the Gutenburg printing press (see Oxford, Cambridge,University of Paris). Was there speculation at that time about how the book (the next big thing in information distribution) was going to put them out of business? When I first started coding, both reading it and writing it, I found that a lot of people wrote code in an unnecessarily complex way. Then I would decide to code it in the much simpler way I saw in my head. As I coded along, trying to add the features I needed, I would see a way to be even more flexible for only a little cost. Frequently I would go back and look at the "ridiculously complex" code, only to find that our implementations were similar after all. My understanding of the problem was much more sophisticated tho. This happened frequently, but in retrospect, as I practiced this more, I found that I was discovering the similarities between my solution and the already existing code much sooner. Eventually I learned to trust the other developers, that they had a more sophisticated understanding of the problem than I did. I also learned about refactoring and how that affects code shape (going through a similar process to that mentioned above). Other times when I find reading the code to be a problem, it is due to "future flexibility". Sometimes this is needed, others it is a waste. One thing to keep in mind tho, is that the "future" represented in the code may have already passed. I have some code I am frequently accused of "prematurely future-proofing", however in reality the changes the code was handled to design are now mostly incorporated. At the time the future-proofing was done however, life was hectic and "must do" changes were coming down the pipe daily and the flexibility paid off. Finally, there is the option that its crap code. I and most others have written plenty of that too. One thing that helps me in that case is to stop trying to figure out the code as a whole. Instead I refactor it as I go, since well factored code can lead to a big decrease in cognitive load. Best luck. Wait, you're actually saying that: 1. Someone still makes non-standard cd-roms? 2. Someone else still buys them? After learning you are person #2, why would anyone ever trust any other judgement you make? Speaking of strawmen... Please tell me which desktop you mean. Do you mean the home desktop? Or perhaps the administrative assistant desktop that needs access to the calendar, word, and email, (maybe the web too...). Perhaps you mean the desktops of the engineers, using autocad and a pile of specialized tools. And so on. Each of the above has different needs (perhaps even vastly different). A smart consultant/company/etc would go ahead and stop trying to use the same tool for every job. Some of those environments could probably switch to linux, and after a couple of months of "getting used to it time" everything would continue on as if nothing happened. The point is that "the desktop" has always struck me as a strawman to begin with. 1)Korea 2) I have yet to meet a cd-rom in this century that didn't just work with linux, no matter what it declared. After naming an asian company, then stating some vaguely related nonsense about talking inanimate objects, I will now imply there is some sort of link to your sex life: you are impotent. Despite your pretense of cleverness, I did in fact see what you did there. You pretended that my ad-hominem attack, which trivializes his judgement based on my disbelief of the existence and his subsequent buying of some obscure hardware invalidates his sweeping generalization about an entire industry (an argument silly on its own since driver problems are a universal issue), is somehow the same type of ad-hominem attack as stating random unrelated facts and listing the implications of poor reasoning, reductio-ad-absurdum. Well sir, you are wrong, my blatantly ad-hominem attack (which is pretty absurd in itself) is not the same as your poor attempt at using a witty question to counter it. Edit: the above run-on sentence is intentionally confusing and absurd. Im too young to know firsthand, but I recall during the .com boom here in the states one of the problems was that anyone who knew how to spell html could get a programming job. It was a hot field and people seeking the "big money" were getting programming jobs they didn't deserve. On the university side I knew several people who switched majors to business when they learned that coding involved typing (no joke). Perhaps the same is going on in India right now? From all accounts, programming is the hot job in India. I bet if someone put together a good summary of the "brilliant" people in a field, and had them talk about the level of talent when that field is the hot job, it would look the same as these coder stories. I think this article makes some good points. In fact there are times when I've been very frustrated at the "We can't to better than RDBMS" attitude many times. Particularly that time we were storing a tree in a table. Specialized data stores are very neat. I do however think there will always be a good place for the traditional RDBMS. For instance, there are times when I'm creating that I don't know what the layout of the data will need to be, and where the optimizations will be most needed, so I back an app with Postgres. Should I need to expand later, it will be easier as I have actual data to work with. I guess the point I'm trying to make is: unless you know for sure that your data will benefit from a different model (e.g. known performance needs, or a better conceptual mapping), not using an RDBMS seems like a premature optimizaton. Just because the frog in the pot turns out to be not literally true, it certainly demonstrates a point in a nice, succinct manner. Im sure everyone knows by know the frog will jump out in real life. Do you teach your children to ignore "its not easy being green" since no frogs can actually play guitar or sing? Or do you let them take the metaphorical meaning anyway? Can you please go over the cases when you would choose one over the other (BSD vs Linux that is). Even some bullet points would help. I've never found anything that didn't delve into a flamewar, and I have always been curious about such choices. I know many of my better ideas have been done over a weekend or afterhours for a week. The thing is that when its not a "complete project" these things are very easy to bang out. It's the next 6 months where the polish gets added. (side rant: and over those 6 months the frontend guys get all the oohs, ahhs, and credit, despite your having done the core work).