You can code so start writing iPhone apps, pick something, iterate.. Find some freelance jobs while unemployed. Apply to finance companies as a quant. You can even find QA or dev jobs at around 100k to relieve pressure. QA is easier and if you can code you are a very valuable QA person. Why? Because you are breaking the code and turning it into a viable product. Any company that ships values QA. Treat the job search as a full-time job. Since you have flexibility living at home, you can afford to wait for a good job in some sense. Otherwise find a larger company that hires MBAs into training programs. Use your school MBA network. If you don't know many people, but live close, reconnect to the program, go to all the events you may have missed. Find an internship at the very least. Some of the bigger businesses will repay your MBA loans over time. Once you get in somewhere with a high upside, solve their problems for them. Find a mentor. Maybe your MBA school will hire you? Go into public service, work for the government or teach (in those cases your income based repayment loans are wiped after 10 years). Work for a nonprofit as an MBA. They always want such folks, usually pay well, and also qualify for the 10 year program. Join the Peace Core for a year, go abroad, see the world, the problems, come back and apply for exclusive service related Federal jobs. They also have the 10 year loan forgiveness program. Find a smaller company that has a hard time getting top MBAs but needs them. The MBA has some value, it can be just a scam as everyone makes it out to be. Hell, go work for Yahoo, they are all about change right now. In your application pitch ideas about how to turn the organization around. Your wife needs to write since she is a writer. If you are a coder you need to code. If you want to solve business problems, go solve business problems. The GPA is meaningless long term. Use your strengths, acknowledge your weaknesses, work around them, and above all stay hungry. It's hard, I have a high debt load as well. What you cannot do is sit around and worry about it. You have to move forward. If you want, declare bankruptcy, learn from it and keep moving forward. But you can make it work. Pick tasks that make you better: code, write, solve. Don't expect a lump sum salvation. Work at it, chip it away... Call your credit card companies and negotiate. You have the power. They want to be repaid. You are not alone in your struggles. Some of it is acceptance. You might find that Buddhist meditation may help. You feel stressed and overwhelmed because you feel a lack of control over your situation/life and expected responsibilities. However, what you really lack is perspective because you are anxious about future unknowns. This is what drives your search through the self-help books. Caveat, if you do have a major disorder seek medical treatment. Those programs are organized around stabilizing the chemicals in your brain and at the same time providing cognitive therapies to help bring some perspective and rational decision making. Essentially you are fighting against your fight or flight responses and attempting to reengage your brain. It helps when you can stop your brain from producing too much speed or other stimulants. Likewise, for depression. We are drug responsive machines, people exercise like mad for the oxytocin high released after enough activity. So what you search for is perspective and a feeling that everything is ok and will be ok. The thing is, you end up where you started but see things differently. The financial issues are solved one day at a time. Sure, I should rewrite that as: Great companies value QA. Zynga is making a large push towards actual Internet gambling. That is where the money is. I don't understand why Facebook can't deliever targeted ads similar to how AdSense works. They already control the "comment boxes" of the web. So essentially, they know you are logged in at such and such site. Why not target the ads of the site to you? Seems like they would print money. There's also no place else to go... Myspace? Friendster, google+? This guy is being sarcastic. The "inapp purchase" can prevent this. Download for free, play a few levels, if you like buy more. This is the same strategy cut the rope, angry birds, use. They started before inapp purchases became available but clearly demonstrated the concept. This is the model that works. I have one, it is called a dog. What are these jobs in France you speak of?