Hmm. I took a look at the code and was disappointed to see it's using the Coinbase API. Hardly decentralised. Unfortunately it's hard to replace with direct usage of the P2P network because it relies on sending money to an email address: i.e. a trusted third party has to hold the money until the recipient picks it up. What if they never pick it up? What if they don't actually want bitcoins? It seems to me like a decentralised solution would be easy to code up, if only we add an additional requirement: someone who wants a payout should put a Bitcoin address into the pull request or commit description. Then BitHub would be able to make payouts directly from its own wallet with no Coinbase dependency, and a committer has to opt-in to receiving the funds. I might take a look at coding this up soon. BitHub is Java so using bitcoinj and XChange would be very easy. The entire setup was a sham from the start. The reason HSBC didn't deny everything is because publicly being fined and saying nothing about it was the condition on avoiding prosecution. Remember, the PATRIOT Act can give bankers 20 year jail sentences even if they did not know what was happening . Jailing innocent people from crimes committed by basically random other people is absurd and yet that is what Congress has put in place. If your choice, as a banker, was to piss off a government hell-bent on making you a scapegoat and risk going in front of a jury of poor people who hate bankers, charged of violating a law it's impossible not to violate, and which carries a 20 year jail sentence, you would agree to a deal as well. The US allegations were ridiculous anyway. They claimed HSBC "knew" there was money laundering taking place merely because money was moving from Mexico to America. I'm sure HSBC execs, having read newspapers and watched TV, were quite confident there was drug money in that stream. This is quite different to knowing precise account numbers of drug cartels with a high degree of certainty. I don't recall the latter being alleged, however. Whether a country is "high risk" or not is not some well defined standard, it's an entirely subjective opinion. The US Government might have liked to consider Mexico high risk, but they aren't the ones who have to do all the investigative work on every transaction. If you look at the FATF-GATI (international AML org) recommendations, they have their own list of which countries are "high risk" (and Mexico has not been on it lately, as far as I recall). What the USG is saying here is they think HSBC should have been treating internal HSBC-to-HSBC transfers as high risk and reviewing them all. But this doesn't make much sense for a single company. The lack of it certainly cannot be equated to a deliberate "disabling" of controls. With respect to the repair queue, this is due to America's insane approach to sanctions - a transfer from country A to country B where there are no sanctions on B in A, that happens to get routed via a US bank, would have sanctions applied, despite that no laws were being violated by either party to the transaction. In order to work around this brain damage EU banks routinely edited ("repaired") wire transfers to avoid hitting the Great Firewall of America, safe in the knowledge that they were not violating any sanctions laws where they lived. Later, the US decided that jurisdiction was such a bothersome concept they decided that anyone who made a transfer to Iran, anywhere, regardless of local laws at the time, was guilty of money laundering. See also: Standard Charter. I don't think people here seem to realise the general backstory here. The US Government lies all the time . They routinely get innocent people to plead guilty without any kind of trial by threatening them with absurdly over-harsh penalties. The HSBC case is a classic example of this dynamic in action. Which is correct behaviour and what governments all ask banks to do, believe it or not. It's called the "risk based approach" in the AML jargon. The problem with AML laws is that they are so vague, it's impossible to ever really be sure you're in compliance. They turn banks into a privatised police force. How much effort should they make? Governments won't tell. They just say "be sensible about it". Banks hate this, as would you in their position, they want clarity about what to do, but governments don't want to give them a list of boxes to tick because they feel it'd be too slow and inflexible to keep up with criminals. See the problem? Banks invest VAST sums in AML compliance. They develop automated software to spot suspicious transactions, they have massive internal compliance departments, they ID verify all their customers. It's a huge, huge drain (which is passed on to all of us, of course). But how much is enough? As far as the Justice Department is concerned, there can never be enough. Whilst criminals exist, it must mean failures of compliance by banks. DOJ did not drop it because they are too lazy. They were chomping at the bit to prosecute. Go read up on the background to this. DOJ dropped it because the Treasury panicked and got into a massive fight with them. Treasury is responsible for AML laws and know full well how stupid they are - they became very scared that actually enforcing the laws Congress had passed to their full extent would trigger another financial crisis due to an exodus of trained staff. What DOJ wanted to do quite literally is jail CEOs in America for crimes committed by drug dealers in Mexico regardless of whether or not they knew anything about it . If they had succeeded, just imagine the impact that would have had on the finance industry. Under that standard, every single banker in the world would be a criminal facing jail time. Many of them would try to get out of banking as fast as possible, and banks couldn't easily survive massive simultaneous exits of senior staff. No, you keep saying this. There is NO consensus that Mexico is high risk. In fact the consensus is that it isn't. Go look at this list: http://www.fatf-gafi.org/topics/high-riskandnon-cooperativej... The FATF (Financial Action Task Force) co-ordinates AML regulations around the world. Note that Mexico is not on the list. Nor has it been there for a long time. What's more, HSBC classified Mexico as standard risk but this did not override account level risk markers, it just meant they were not attempting to manually investigate every single wire transfer in or out of Mexico, an impossibly vast job. Wire traffic between US and Mexico is vastly larger than between, say, US and Algeria. HSBC did not do anything wrong here. Hmm I've found the latest versions to already start up very fast. What are you comparing against currently? I use command line tools written in Java all the time and don't really notice it. MPS is really amazing (or crazy, depending on your perspective). It's been in development for years and is perhaps best described an IDE for building languages and IDEs. So there's a structural/projectionally edited language for defining structurally/projectionally edited languages (yes really), another one for type systems, another one for converting such languages into other languages. Eventually things compile down to Java (textually) so you can use all the standard libraries and so on. There are even languages for defining IntelliSense style IDE features. The main problem with these kinds of things is the incredibly sharp learning curve. It's more of a learning wall, really. It's a lot of effort to learn, and then it turns out that it's really hard to get in the mindset of defining new languages to solve problems, even when it's been made a lot easier than using yacc/lex/writing your own compiler backend/etc. I never really found a use for it, but I keep it filed away in the back of my mind in case one day I do. But before UNIX there was Symbolics, and Symbolics failed in the market whereas UNIX succeeded. That's not an "exploit", that's just how all these services work. For a large service there really isn't a good way to implement private set intersection as would be required for this - all the techniques that might work are deep into academic-paper-only territory, forget about finding a convenient open source implementation lying around on github, let alone a mature one. The other one, bulk registration of accounts, is also not an exploit using any conventional definition of the word. I spent years fighting bulk account signup abuse at Google. When we failed it was not an exploit in our system, because that implies you can provide some kind of cast-iron security guarantees on par with cryptography; you can't, all you can do is rate limit and try to detect bogus accounts. It's like finding a way to send spam and calling it an exploit. The poor crypto is disappointing but hardly unique: the field of crypto in general has given people poor tools to work with. Things like NaCL are barely known where as lower level primitives are supported out of the box by basically every OS/platform out there, with little or no guidance on the best way to use them.