This same submitter has spammed for this site seven times in the last 60 hours or so. I would classify that as a murder, but I don't think it would be counted as such in this data __ Generally, the number used is homicides with a gun -- that encompasses self-defense, manslaughter, police shootings, etc. For we got rid of things like having slaves be counted as 3/5 of a person of representation __ ... by amending it via formal, open process; not by selectively ignoring it. "I believe we should re-open the NFA registry" There has been essentially zero gun crime committed with legally-owned and possessed NFA weapons. "We haven't had a mass shooting since as far as I can recall" Well, no, but there weren't many before Hobart, either. But do take a look at your other crimes' rates since the confiscations, especially home invasion. And barrels aren't generally restricted, tracked, or serialized. Why the concern only about gun homicide? Does suicide get somehow worse when done with a gun as opposed to stepping in front of an Amtrak train? The obvious market and proving ground for a working "smart gun" is law enforcement (gun always on person when on duty, purchase decisions are by public agencies, etc.) So, when we see a couple of years of deployment of such a technology with major police forces, we can see if they work and are reliable. Track sales more tightly than we currently do for sudafed Ammunition purchase registration was in fact the law of the land from 1968-1986, when it was repealed because it was useless in solving crime. To quote the BATF Director: "The Bureau [of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms] and the Department [of the Treasury] have recognized that the current recordkeeping requirements for ammunition have no substantial law enforcement value." An example of the risks of the era when Texas had no nondiscretionary concealed-carry permit process was the Luby's shooting of 1991 (23 dead): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luby%27s_shooting ... because it could have been stopped: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzanna_Hupp