> I aced the programming classes All grad schools care about is how well you did in that particular subject (or maybe a related subject, like math). You could easily ace your programming and math classes, bomb everything else, end up with a 2.0, and get into grad school. This isn't particularly surprising. Exactly. I couldn't figure out what was so remarkable about this page until I read the comments here. This is how every professor/post-doc/grad-student's page looks like if they don't use a university template. ooohhhhhh....I had been eating more . Yes, technically, "global warming" refers to modern, human-induced climate change. But outside of paleontological circles, they are the same thing. There's certainly no need to be criticizing people for that usage, since there's no possibility of confusion; we're always talking about modern climate change. So there is allegedly climate change due to carbon dioxide without increasing global temperatures? I've never heard this. What is the mechanism, and what is the evidence? This managed to nail all the BS pseudo physics that drives physicists crazy to hear repeated. I don't understand your first paragraph. Shouldn't the cosmic ray flux through each bit be the same for each bit, and unchanged as you increase the total amount of memory? If I'm a given bit, should having a second stick of RAM 10 inches away affect whether I flip during a given time period? Oh, OK. I guess then I wouldn't say that upsets/bit/hour is an incorrect unit. (It's clearly what you want to know to calculate the chance of error for a given piece of RAM.) It's just that this parameter varies across time and manufacturers. Using the value from a particular model of RAM manufactured in 1988 is sure to lead to wrong conclusions. Thanks. Apparently, 63% of US adults live in households with broadband. Considering the number people who avoid or can't use the internet (i.e. older folks) this seems like remarkable penetration to me. PDF: http://www.pewinternet.org/~/media/Files/Reports/2009/Home-B... A similar barrier exists for many people with simple math. As a tutor, it's incredibly frustrating when I introduce a simple algebra expression (plus, minus, maybe even multiplication) and a grown person shrieks "No, I don't understand math. I just don't get it" without even spending a moment to see if they can understand.