Exactly, Dawdle cant forever buy used games for $40 and do nothing with them, they'd bankrupt. This is not real money multiplier (like in bank), because "new" money is not created "from air" but taken from other place. So, for each used game bought by Dawdle either: a) Dawdle lose $40 b) Dawdle sells this game to someone (in which case this is exactly the same situation like in case of GameStop) For Dawdle to survive amount of cash lost by unsold used games must be smaller than amount of cash earned by selling new and used games (only count margins there, not full prices). Still - either Dawdle bankrupt, or somebody is going to buy that used game from them (at least high percent of that used games). PS. I wish them all the best, but these charts and description using words like money multiplier is just Wrong (tm) :) magic net add is: to give somebody $40 for used game you must take it from somebody. For example by selling a new or used game to somebody. This is not shown in lower chart, but is shown in upper chart. So in upper chart money are circling in closed environment(GameStop even takes some money out of it), while in lower chart there is some money coming from outside. That is why these charts are meaningless. You said your company has incentive to sell new games, because margin is bigger. OK, but if that is case, why at all you buy used games? Are you not planning to sell them? Enigma was really cracked in Poland years before WWII. Then after German invasion Polish mathematicians moves to France, then to Great Britain, and here continue work. It always makes me sad when people forget about their ingenious work, and in Hollywood films it always looks like all that was done by English speaking people. Sources: http://www.enigmahistory.org/enigma.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enigma_machine I've always been shy and had troubles with relations with other people. I've met my wife by chance, and it was miracle that she didn't put me down when I've told her repeatedly "I'm so boring, really, let's speak about you" on our first "date" :). I was expecting women will appreciate that I'm so humble etc. It turns out they just thought I'm really boring, if I say so myself. So this is lesson number one - don't assume women will appreciate that you are humble. Still - my wife somewhat endured my "I'm so humble and nice etc" talk, and we're married now, so there is a chance to everybody :) So - lesson number 2 is - when you meet right kind of person at right moment in life, it is really difficult to screw things up. So be yourself and don't worry - your time will come. Just remember to be open to new people and new experiences. PS when you are shy it helps a lot when you think about everything you do in terms of "what would be the worst outcome of this if I screw up?" It is often the case that the worst outcome is exactly the same that if you don't do anything. So expected value is higher than 0 :). For me it helped a lot. Hey, you smart Americans, left our smart women to us :) You haven't work with that many languages, have you :) >>> x = 3 + "7" What type should be x now: int or str ? Also: "10" is lesser than "2" but 10 is greater 2. Should (3 + "7") > 2 return true ? Such automatic conversions forces you to remember many arbitrary rules, and when you forget it, you have bug that shows later. It's easier to just write that str() (or use operator %). Poster asked why he has to type print "x="+str(x). I assumed he would like to just type print "x="+x. For that code to work str.__add__(self,x) should accept int as parameter x. If that was the case, then "3" + 7 would return "37" (ok, I've thought it will be "10", my bad :)), but 7 + "3" would still cast exception. So + would be not symmetric. And imagine, what if people could just go to library, and just read a book, without paying anything. That would be collapse of civilisation as we know it. Are functions first class objects in Nimrod, because I couldn't find function type in manual(pointers to function isn't what I mean :)).