Stupid requirement that does nothing but discourage the use of other related MS services --- the ones MS actually earns money from. Your vote don't matter --- in half the cases. Half the states are already decided with near certainty. California is voting for the Democratice candidate, South Carolina is voting for the Republican. If you vote for or against the pre-determined candidates in these "one party" states --- your vote don't matter. The only case where your vote might matter is in a swing state. The really amazing (and illogical) thing would be if more than 50% voted. I'm not arguing against all voting. Just pointing why it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. In the cases where it does matter, vote. Google killed Mozilla --- by lulling them to sleep with the promise of easy money --- all while they worked hard to position themselves to take over their market share. Now the easy money is history, and so is their market. They're both "magic fairy dust". Melding code and data into an "object" is a natural thing to do --- in some cases. In others, it creates more problems than it solves. Similar holds true for functional programming. Bottom line --- there is no universal "right way" to develop software. LOL! Did the AI hire a patent attorney to file the application? Maybe the AI would like to sue the patent office to overturn this decision? What was that? Don't be absurd? My point exactly! Open source is only free if your time has no value. Just use Brave. It is more widely compatible with similar if not better privacy. ...if a person's skill can be validated... Just as important as skill is productivity. And both are more difficult to access remotely. Credentials have limited substance in the US labor market. In India they have even less --- in my experience. There is no way to sugar coat this --- India has a credibility deficit in my opinion which translates into additional management oversight required. Because at this stage of the game, "artificial intelligence" is still an oxymoron . It's really just a database developed through trial and error (aka "training") that we "hope" contains enough differentiating data points to produce a reasonable, weighted "best guess".