I can recommend this too, it's big in places like Portland horizontally (keep adding cache and load balancers/proxies). all you have to do is keep making more profits and keep buying more hardware into infinity. sure, one day you'll have to build a nuclear reactor and tap a dam to provide all the power and cooling for the datacenter space, but it's easier than a redesign. (by the way, i wasn't being sarcastic. that's how we scale our web applications. we just haven't gotten big enough to need the reactor yet) Honestly? Does anyone who isn't themselves a "hacker" actually associate the word with anything other than person who develops and utilizes methods of breaking into computer networks and exploiting security holes? This word needs to be retired. It's 2009 and something more politically correct is just necessary if you wish to have anyone outside your immediate sphere of influence take you seriously. People tend to relate their whereabouts to people they know IRL more often than those they communicate with online. If you don't know where someone is, you ask their friend, their parents, their wife, co-workers, etc as the amount of socially-relevant information (such as location) will be much greater and with a larger history of previous knowledge in those person IRL than those met online. After all, why does Markus in Timbuktu need to know you vacation in the hamptons every 6 months when you've got your Crackberry on you for the duration? Markus' co-workers, family members, and friends will be much more aware of such information. And sometimes people need a break from the internet. What is this post about? Somebody who finally is able to prioritize his life? Having standards is great but this is a stupid philosophy for life... Alternatives and compromise are important in many decisions, and your maximum level of interest may not always be the best factor to weigh your options. I guess I just can't get past the fact that you can easily make an unwise decision this way by overlooking practicality. You see a couple options you're not very interested in, and then one you are very interested in, and you pick it without hesitation? I know i'd like to learn Tae-Kwon Do, but I also know my primary motivation for learning a martial art (beside the art itself) is to get in shape physically. From what I understand Muay Thai is a much better cardio workout. Tae-Kwon Do might be more fun but it wouldn't benefit me as much as the Muay Thai (not to mention kickboxing is probably more useful in a real fight). So to reiterate my original statement: I think you can end up making the wrong decision if it's based purely upon excitement in an idea and not practical information which may be less exciting. I acknowledge your point that it may make your life more fun, but as i've learned growing up, doing things that aren't fun are often more important. Rant on mp3 blogs and free streaming music... What's funny is when projectplaylist.com was actually accessible, it was basically an HTTP version of Napster for music blogs. They made it seem like they were playing MP3s found on other sites, but they really aggregate all of the files in a large storage cache sorted by seemingly-random numbers. They then obfuscate the URLs by "encrypting" them with a single RC4 key which was embedded in their flash player. The end result was a search engine for finding and downloading any music you could possibly want right from their high-speed repository. I don't think they ever re-implemented this but they did change the HTTP interface every so often, and now the main pages are down most of the time. Myspace had a similar functionality (with XML to serve the location of the files, so no nasty html grepping needed) but when they released their music-centric site they finally got wise and added a more dynamic system of authorizing and re-authorizing each piece of music being played while it's playing. This actually is neat because it allows you to gather stats on which songs are being played for how long and who's really interested. It wasn't worth it to me to extend my script to support this more complicated functionality but I don't see why it couldn't be reverse engineered with a little time. So anyway, any of these streaming music sites are basically playing a dangerous game with their content. When you hand someone content for free, anonymously and via the internet, you're just asking for someone to make a script to download it where they don't need to watch your ads. RTMPE is not a solution because we've had rtmpe reverse engineered for what seems like years now. It seems like the only thing that makes content providers interested in this at all is when someone makes a snazzy GUI which does all the work for you and simply downloads songs. All this could be handled by simply requiring authentication & authorizing song plays N at a time. Then you don't really need copy protection since the user simply doesn't have the capacity to download more than one or two songs at a time, which (if implemented correctly) can make it damn hard for anyone to exploit your service. Bad programmers using a language poorly does not a bad language make. He just doesn't like dealing with the result of bad programming so he's saying C++ sucks. His "argument" is stupid. YC Rant: build in a requirement to look up a URL before it is posted. If URL was posted any time previously, either choose to bring the original thread to the front or don't post it. What could having a duplicate thread possibly benefit you over resuming the old one?