The police have found a women body "without arms, head and legs" they said this evening. They have not denied confirmed that it is Kim though. Is it resonable that the limbs comes off from propellers at random in the sea? Does that happen? http://ekstrabladet.dk/112/article6787128.ece Murder, dismemberment and maybe more. Well, submarine murders are kinda tech related ... Zoox got some Uber engineers too since earlier. I wonder if the company will produce a working product or if they will aim on getting bought, like Otto etc. As I'm not fed up enough about these recruiting ceremonies you have to endure just because you are a programmer. I wonder if bridge engineer has to build small bridges out of lego when they apply for work ... Skype is so bad anyway. Does anyone but enterprises use them anymore, compared to the haydays? Well, "hybrid" in this case is a bigger engine starter and battery, that also can propell the vehicle for a while, I assume. This could be done with old manual cars without fancy security checks so, we have been there, done that. Apple's getting a revenue share of any sold item in the store ... so. I guess the rational thing for them would be to prevent scams to make ppl less reluctant to shop there, but since there is no obvious short time benefit they hardly care. Compare this to all these "child bought 1000$ worth of Candy Crush items on father's card" etc. Self driving car maybe? Kinda unnecessary abbreviation. Nope, but less typing of #include:s? Easier to send by mail? He seems to use defines to keeps function and variable definitions to one in the program it's included in. I think you are using the wrong angular resolution, though. http://velodynelidar.com/docs/datasheet/63-9194_Rev-G_HDL-64... Thats the one LIDAR Uber seems to have matching pictures. 5Hz - 20Hz full round sampling rate, lets assume 15 Hz. The resolution in the horizontal plane is dependent on rotational speed, so at 15 Hz it should be 0,26 degrees. (0,35/20*15 = 0.26) For the woman height the angular resolution is 0.4 degrees no matter the rotation speed. Id est, she would have been atleast one pixel wide from 400 feet and about 2 pixels high and growing in size if we assume 2' wide. (Not counting bike). I really see no exuse for Uber messing this up that bad. The LIDAR can't have missed a potential "obstacle" when it got closer, even if the car wouldn't classify it as a human. Yes, I agree with you that we can't assume that the car could have noticed the woman from 120 meters from LIDAR data alone. Maybe with some kind of sensor fusion with IR-cameras. But, as it got closer and what the computer though was noise was on about the same place a sane obstacle finder should have given a posetive match. Maybe at 30 - 40 m worst case? At 142 feet the woman probably had (assuming she was 5.5'): asind(5.5/142) = 2.21* => 2.21/0.4 = 5.5 So between 5 and 6 "scanlines" going from left to right over her. Assuming she was 2' wide that's 0.8 degrees which would be 2 to 3 pixels in breadth according to your spread sheet. That's between 10 and 18 pixels (voxels?) that stand out clearly from the flat road around it, exluding the bike. If you wan't to get an idea of how LIDAR data looks Velodyne has free samples and a viewer for less resolution models. http://velodynelidar.com/downloads.html It pretty hard to identify obstacles far off, but you will still see there is something there. It's especially easy to identify obstacles that are vertical. As she got closer, she would eventually show up clearly on the LIDAR data. But since the car never slowed down or went left, it didn't notice her at all even at point blanc (or did see her but failed to do anything about it). Her death was in vain. These kind of fundamental scenarios can be practised with dolls or stunt men on closed test tracks not on public roads ... If Uber needs data they could have driven manually. Obvously their obstacle tracking is bad.