Nobody actually programs in the IR of a compiler, except for (say) tests and debugging. The IR is not usually designed to be read to by humans, although LLVM is actually very readable (But still rather tedious). If you looked at, just for an example, the IR used in the dmd d compiler, using (Walter Bright's) Digital Mars backend then you'd notice that the IR is not trivial to access at all. Last time I checked, you had to actually dive into the backend code (I'm pretty sure there's an undocumented flag/switch that I'm missing somewhere) to get the IR out of the compiler. In fairly sharp contrast to this, getting the IR (in a textual format!) is normally as simple as using -emit-llvm when compiling. This is part of the revolution (~Slight~ exaggeration) that LLVM brought about in compiler design: Compared to most other compilers, LLVM is designed to be very portable. The only compiler, of similar stature, like it is GCC. GCC is much better than it was, I'd imagine because of the competition from LLVM/Clang. Tangent Aside: The LLVM IR textual format is not guaranteed to be stable at all . It's also not particularly nice to program in, and also it uses SSA form so it's not suitable for humane consumption. It looks like a high level programming language, but it really isn't. IR is designed to be generated, bullied and discard by the compiler. If you want to punish yourself, the LLVM project does contain interpreters and compilers just for IR in a file. If I remember correctly, Clang will compile anything with a ?.ll? file as IR. You can see all the optimisation passes in action here: https://godbolt.org/g/uZH3UD GHC compiles haskell through about a million different IRs and abstract machines, until eventually reaching Cmm, which is effectively a similar idea to LLVM IR (A very simple C ish imperative language). Any benefits to be had, should be fairly straightforward for the GHC folks to use, which should be cool. [Citation needed] LLVM IR is an IR format, :). Basically LLVM is just a abstract RISC, whereas the JVM is a lot of that with a truck load of very high level instructions. One could implement these as a superset of LLVM, but that's not what LLVM is. You, mostly, can JIT LLVM IR and use it as a generic bytecode vm: but it's really designed for static copmilation. I wasn't trying to be critical, it's just significantly more than most languages (With good reason!). This is a good thing, I dream of when we will have libraries/frameworks for doing these kind of high level program transformations in a modular way a la LLVM. Likely never, LLVM IR uses SSA form. This means that optimisations are easier, but the "assembly" is significantly higher lever than assembly a la MIPS. IR is for doing optimisations not executing code (although LLVM does have interpreters if that's what ya need) Just for some more data, Swift is (Possibly still in the process of, but I don't follow swift so they could have finished years ago) moving to a higher level IR, for similar reasons to Rust and Haskell. In principle that could happen, but LLVM IR is really not designed for anything other than being transformed by LLVM. One could define an abstract risc machine, to be jitted at either side. LLVM is not quite suitable for this purpose: It assumes quite a few details about the target. Also, this requires a huge amount of co-operation. So far this has only happened in the browser with e.g. ECMAScript standardization, asm.js and WebAsm. The JVM tried to do this, but it's not a good compilation target for languages like C/C++. Therefore, I think will happen eventually: The web browsers will develop the tools and specifications to make this stuff, then it will get broken off and used outside of the web ( I hope , god forbid all software has to be distributed via the web using overlyHypedWebScale.js v2) :-). I think GCC has/had IR's that are LISP like. Regardless of your education, once you learn a set of technologies well enough it generally becomes easy to just start working on a problem. Also, I don't mean to be invidious but, programming languages are normally the easy part: Unless you jump from (say) VB.Net to Haskell most programming languages are actually fairly similar. In fact, programming languages are boring: Once you know a few, particularly if you know a bit about compilers (e.g. can work from the specification/grammar, Haskell made sense only after I'd read SPJ( possibly et al)'s, it becomes fairly easy to pick up a new programming language. However , software engineering is very important (e.g. Style, testing and optimisation, i.e. for the cache, are all very important skills that I'd assume most people learn by themselves. I'm 16, so I can't exactly speak from experience; I also don't have any data: My guess would be that because of the difficulty of getting into the top schools/Unis, they cream off the top students. These students then spend years honing their skills, however (assuming your observations are true) they get particularly good at the more rigorous/theoretical side of their science. Supposedly, that would help you focus on the stuff that matters(TM). In practice, I think that this is probably not true. I'd be fairly surprised (Or shocked) if MIT et al just spat out magically excellent engineers. I'd guess, that it just provides a nice foundation to learn on top of.