That would be super frustrating. Is there just no recourse for sites like this? I assume they are hosted overseas, but do hosts not respond at all to complaints? I would be curious what variance of load would be required for this type of auto scaling to be worth the time vs just putting your own bare metal in a colocation facility or leasing dedicated boxes. The price performance is so much higher on dedicated. Or for that matter, using reserved instances instead of scaling with spot prices. That is my experience as a technical cofounder. If your partners don't have the marketing or sales chops, you will live in a constant world of blame where they are waiting on you to complete the product. If only you could figure out how to do that last big feature, we could sell it... This customer says they will buy if it can do this... I think this is a very common refrain in small startups. If the business side can't sell it, it must be that the product isn't good enough yet. Unless you own 100% of a company, it isn't really ethical to give yourself a discount or freebies. And wouldn't be legal unless handled correctly with the tax man. Even hedge funds aren't zero sum. They receive dividends on the investments they hold which is a return that is not zero sum. Of course, the more active a fund is, the farther it gets from zero sum, but it would never be fully zero sum. Additionally, financial services overall are far from zero sum. There is a great deal of efficiency and market lubrication created by financial services and if you exclude the high frequency traders, you leave a huge majority that is still quite beneficial to people on both sides of the transaction. No, I didn't say there are exceptions. I said MOST financial services are NOT zero sum. The zero sum ones are the exception. I'm grateful there are people out there willing to push past what is "allowed" by review boards and regulatory agencies. Some of the data provided may be dubious, but if it weren't for unsafe, seat of the pants DIYers out there willing to take risks, I think we would be in a much less advanced world. That might not be the case if it weren't for all the fakes dragging prices down. Same reason a 32GB iphone costs hundreds more for the next level of storage. And why 64gb is pretty much the largest offering. 64gb isn't enough? Pay for more icloud storage. Yet you can buy a 128gb sd card for $30. I wish that image included La Danta at El Mirador in Guatemala. It is possibly the 2nd largest by volume after the one in Cholula. Although because neither are excavated, there seems to be disagreement on which is larger.