Tim Cook never said that. When asked what he would do if he were currently faced with the problems confronting Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Cook said: "I wouldn't be in this situation." The Ray Tracing part (page 247) is really interesting. John Carmack describes the NVIDIA RTX architecture there. Usually women are biologically programmed to want kids more than men, and men are programmed to want to have more love making than women. I think a lot of people just do it anyway (just like a lot of people make love anyway even if they don't really want it), but usually don't talk about it as it's taboo. I decided not to probably have kids, as I son't think it's worth for me, but this is a very personal choice. Paired with deep learning it would be very helpful for early tumor screening at home. My girlfriend already had cancer twice, but the usual screening is done only once every 6 months. ,,I ended up not using the fancy iterator systems (yet?) but the ThreadPool is perfect.'' Please give Rayon iterators another try instead of using thread pool + message passing, it's one of the best features of Rust. The main hedges for the financial system breakdown are physical gold, silver and (my personal favourite, although much riskier) Bitcoin (though make sure you use a hardware wallet if you want to own it). The key is ,,inside chips''. There's no reason to do those bad things on the die using an extra chip, as it's too easy to prove. With the low interest rates cheap capital is accessible to selected companies. The cheap capital is used to acquire monopoly position instead of just competing for talent. I don't think the biggest problem is that software engineers are under-compensated. It's more like assets are overpriced, so we're not able to buy houses. Housing is overvalued because the interest rates are very low compared to what you can see historically. A lot of people are expecting a serious credit crunch in the next few (max. 10) years which mean that housing prices will decrease significantly compared to the current prices. Waymo is far the best self driving tech and nobody has the money to buy it, as Alphabet is not selling (it's the first real diversification from ads revenue). GM is few years behind, but hopefully those few years are not enough for Waymo to create a monopoly.