near Columbus, GA. Currently working on a tenant griping site (launching later this week; I'll probably post about it), and trying to figure out this whole "revenue" thing. :) "I wouldn't feel comfortable telling my ideas to people who copy others so obviously. maybe they hoped nobody would see?!" Or maybe they've internalized the idea that ideas aren't the important part of most startups, and it didn't occur to them that people might see it as a negative. I haven't applied (yet) to either, due to age (33) and a mortgage, but I'm still thinking about it. :) Well, I wouldn't go that far, but it is easier for those of us who have wives who are interested in being a founder, rather than a founder's wife. :) But if we avoid requiring the dedicated poll code, PG won't need to get around to writing it... So the obvious solution is that everyone should make a point of doing a poll a day until PG writes the code. It just takes longer to evaluate the worth of a novel than the worth of a blog post, so if you read only novels, it might be weeks before you find one you really like, but if you're reading blog posts, you're likely to find something you really like later today. For equally good blog posts and novels, the worth of the novel is less than the proportionately longer length would suggest. That's less useful for those of us who don't believe in a creator. Hm. They complain that they couldn't contact Google about this, yet it only took me a minute or so to find: "To request reinclusion, log in to Google webmaster tools, click Tools, then choose the Request reinclusion link and follow the steps outlined there." Perhaps they did that and just didn't mention it. While I don't consider anything patentable, I just put "No" on the application. Perhaps you also need a certain amount of karma. I'm logged in (with 2 karma) and don't see any down arrows. Yet another micropayments startup. Unfortunately, my current thoughts on that require several hundred thousand, minimum, so I'll need to get rich (relative to where I am) before I can really get that done.