Apple already uses 'pull to refresh' in loads of their internal iOS apps. That 'rubber band' scrolling is present in many other environments, such as Windows Phone 7 Been doing Personal Setup in Apple stores for a year now and I can assure you that all new macs come out-of-the-box with secondary click enabled for Trackpads, Magic Trackpads and Magic Mice. Apple's (internal) policies are actually quite lenient for refunding any purchases. Of course it means to need to email them, but you definitely have a method of recourse. Yeah, they havent done a good job of localising this. In Australia it asks for an 'area code' as well has my phone number for my mobile phone. How can a MOBILE phone have an area code (in Australia, area codes are per state). Now, I know that technically the area code for ALL mobile phone numbers is 04, so I split that up. Nope, SMS never arrives. Next I removed the leading zero from the area code so it would be formatted as +61 4 xxxx xxxx. Those who are familiar with Telcos and the way phone numbers work internationally would eventually stumble onto the right solution. Still pretty shocking though. Right. So as a consumer, it's mostly painless. For developers, it's fundamentally broken as potatolicious describes https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5454729 I'm thinking that it's specific to the LCIs used in only the specified models. The LCIs Apple uses now are a lot harder to trigger. I opened an iPhone up and placed a drop of water right on the LCI and it didn't trigger for a decent amount of time. Chome does address bar perfectly fine in full-screen mode. http://i.imgur.com/YOdp2gP.png Presentation mode (pictured in article) hide away all window chrome for... presentation Currently https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/currently/ojhmphdk... Although its all of a sudden introduced this nasty bug: It steals focus away from the address bar which is horrible. What's with the nav box completely blocking the document? http://cl.ly/OnPN Running Chrome 28.0.1496.0 dev