Your questions and answers aren't really "yours" on SE. That's the way it works. A bit unusual, but nothing wrong per se. Like Wikipedia, but that you still get credit for what you started. In my country (Norway) the seller, importer and manufacturer are obliged by law to fix or replace broken items the first 3 to 5 years after purchase depending on type of item. So warranty/guarantee is mostly useless, what the law provides us consumers is already better. Why is 6 months a more reasonable warranty? If my phone breaks down for any reason that is not my fault after 8 months, I'd expect to get a new one or it to be fixed for free. Politically, Norway is very left/socialistic. So that this "forces everyone" to pay for it is generally looked upon as OK, because one is not punished for getting a randomly faulty device. And it's great as a consumer, I get what I pay for, a functioning device. Well, the Norwegian government has decided that a phone should be expected to last for three years, a sofa for five etc. So a phone breaking down after two years from normal usage and no faults by the user is per definition a faulty device. This actually creates incentives to make more sturdy products and not speculate in planned obsolescence. > isn't it great for you as a consumer that you can take money from the manufacturer? That's not my point, and a gross misrepresentation of socialism. I know that in the end the consumers pay for it. But everyone chips in for those less fortunate to get a proper functioning device. >> doesn't seem like a game-changing difference to me The big difference here is that there is women selling these in private to other women. No man behind a counter. When the women come together about this, it may end up not being such a taboo, and they get advise on how to actually do this. So the game changer here isn't the price, but the community and independence for the women evolving around this product. That's kinda the point, though. Read the comments for that file. ;) > The other has refused to accept them, instead charging a fixed percentage service fee. Why not just show the real price in the menu? I feel offended when I've gotten shitty service and have to pay a "service fee". I also hate when my tip is what's paying the wages. Just set the price higher to cover the wages! They need to spend money on infrastructure/raw power for the interactive worm sims simulation. The code is open, so I guess that means you can host your own version if you'd like? Wow, cool that someone is sharing our project! It's for a course at my university called "experts in teams" where they combine master students from many programs in teams and give them tasks. A video with more shoots is available[1]. We got UAVs for the Norwegian oil industry as a task, and explored how they can be flown better in the future. Other teams with the same task made other cool stuff as well, for instance a custom drone for geological mapping. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANSjwWomIJ8 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5di01L1mot8 Ironic that your reply to a piece about strawmen is nothing but a strawman. Of course he is not meaning what you're saying, he's talking about context switching. If I have to wait 15 seconds for my tests to run, I start doing something else and my thought process around the problem is gone.