It's good that testing is covered as part of your teaching strategy, because as you said, in any real world environment that experience will come in handy. But the audience reading and sharing links on Hacker News are likely to have a deeper body of knowledge in this area than pure beginners. People posting tutorials (for free) may be targeting this more experienced group of people, who may take it for granted that a beginner's tutorial will not cover everything necessary to go from a prototype to production-ready software. I also feel that as people progress through tutorials, they will organically come up with questions that the tutorial has not covered at all, like "how can I test this to make sure it's bug free and can withstand lots of concurrent logins?" They're upfront about the only 2 features of this phone, so why would anyone pay $300 for the privilege of "distraction-free" telecommunication, which is available at 10% of the cost at any cell phone shop, anywhere in the world? This news concerns me a bit, as a project manager for a SaaS web app that uses GA to generate user activity reports for data around things like "# of users who clicked on link X" or "users who completed a survey". I'm not a dev, and we hire an outside web dev company to build the web app and reporting dashboard. Can someone more knowledgeable than me indicate if a user with this add-on enabled will be throwing up zeros on our analytics when they use the software as a logged in user? I know Ghostery blocks GA, but it's niche enough that I don't worry about a critical mass of our target demographic using it. But this seems like an official Google add-on, which makes it much higher profile to average users. I've been reading magazines and books on tablets for a while now, and while I agree that 4:3 portrait is naturally more suited to reading, most magazines are printed at an actual size of A4 paper or larger. So even on a 9.7 inch iPad, the content is being shrunk to "fit to vertical height". This can make the content harder to read, as you're not viewing it at the actual size it was designed for. The alternative is to read it in landscape mode "Fit to horizontal width", but with visual clarity, the trade-off is having to scroll to read the whole page, which is annoying, and reminiscent of scrolling through a web page. I don't know if that's true. The first few iPhones were very expensive unlocked and on contract, required signing up for a $70-$100/month phone plan, which was close to double what dumbphone users were paying. The iPod Nano, iPod Touch and iPod Classic saw updated versions each year, slowing down only once iPhones and Androids became mainstream and replaced dedicated music players. It's 9.4mm at its thickest point. Will consumers really be turned off by a phone that's barely 1cm thicker than other flagships? Most smartphones I see in people's hands have a bulky case around them already. The auto-cropping works for most magazines but not all. Businessweek is notorious for using margins to include photo captions, graph legends and related articles. Most mags also use the margins to include page numbers. Source: used to crop margins on magazine PDFs when reading on a 16:10 Android tablet. Not worth the hassle. That assumes that CS grads will look for work exclusively in a technology role. The skill set of a CS major is applicable to roles well outside programming. Management consulting and financial services for instance recruit CS and EE grads by the bucket load. CS employment in startups may decrease in the event of a startup bust, but mature companies like Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, IBM etc. aren't likely to drastically change their hiring patterns unless their own business have been materially impacted. I have 3 friends from Bangladesh whose parents received their US green cards in 2000, 2002 and 2003. They had all applied for them in the early 1990s. I rarely hear of this happening anymore, so I imagine the process was more straightforward back then. Mozilla has definitely been pushing these technologies, partially to support content development for Firefox OS.