That's simple. If you want to hire a $150k developer, you offer $150k. If you want to hire a $60k developer, you offer $60k. You then interview people untill you find somebody with the potential that you are looking for. For the employer, it doesn't change much. They just lose some negotiating power. Now, from the employee point of view, all the trashy jobs are correctly marked, what will save a lot of his time. Also, he gets a small bonus in negotiation power. If you are a great developer (say, you are better than 99% of them), just marking what jobs are not fit for you will reduce the time spent on getting a job by orders of magnitude. That's the difference between the job board being useless to being usefull. As a consequence, one can hope (not a certain thing) that great developers will flock into a system like this, so that would become the place to go to get great developers, and as a consequence all the great jobs go there. Launching and quitting your job don't have to happen at the same time. Most companies choose a stack and keep it. Developers don't even get a say. Everything is huge in China. That doesn't mean that most chineese can order something online and receive it at their door. (I don't know if they can. But your comment is a non-sequitour.) What? Do B&N tel you that you can't backup their ebooks on their marketing material? I dunno. Testing their ideas by the cheapest possible procedure seems like something that every startup should. Maybe there are exceptions, but that's not obvious at all. It's ok that sometimes the cheapest possible option is still quite expensive. That isn't reason to use anything more expensive. It is also true that not all startups that do it will succeed, and that not all startups that don't do it will fail. But it looks like the kind of thing that will increase the chances of any startup, not just a subset of them. Makes one wonder how the entire Lean Movement first appeared at manufacturing... Yep, the advices on the Lean Startup gides is quite directed at software, but it is an specialization of a more general idea. You teach lean thinking to his boss. (And make no complains, just teach it.) Infix notation is compact. That makes it better for parsing by humans with limited short term memory. If you put it inside your brain, and it assumes the tasks of each neuron when it dies, what's the difference? Also, can you cross the same river twice?