Some entertaining bits from the article: "How many Mac applications still support OS X 10.2? 10.3? 10.4?" "Then why should we be so conservative when it comes to C++, the very core of what we work with?" "C++11 is a much more productive language than C++98. We as an industry can, however, only reap that productivity gain if we stop throwing C++ productivity out of the window by the bucket-load in the hopeless pursuit of compatibility with non-standard implementations." I'm as much for iconoclasm as the next person, but this whole C++ madness is starting to make me worry. While the rest of us have been off in the trenches of maintenance and production, some cabal of academics and chuckleheads has been cooking up this monstrosity of a language, and now it is finally coming to a head. Folks, conservatism in software design is appreciated--in language design, essential. Python 3 is still not support by many useful libraries. Perl 5, over ten years later, is still in production and use. ECMA/Javascript is only now really taking off, after 15 years. And on the darker, even more depressing side of things, you've still F77 codes in "production" and active maintenance --a friend of mine who is a graduate student is dealing with this right now. These are souls being fed to the gaping maw of legacy code. I'm sure C++ has some interesting features. I understand, for example, why the "auto" keyword is being given new meaning (because the syntax of the STL, classes, and templates is so mindnumbingly awful!). I understand why explicit defaulting and deleting of function might lead to cleaner code (regardless of, say, an explicit that already exists). I understand why I might want 3 different declensions of 'u' in front of a string to support various forms of Unicode (where is your liberalism about forcing everyone to using UTF-8 and being done with it?). I also understand that D probably has a better execution on these ideas than C++. And that Javascript and C# have a better implementation of lambdas and closures. And that for raw power and readability, C with embedded assembly (still!) can probably eat the lunch of any C++. (for an example of rational language evolution, see C1X: http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/ ) And that C++ still doesn't have anything other than a crackheaded set of half-idioms for exporting classes for dynamic linking in a crossplatform way, or even for binding to another language! Go ask the poor bastard who wrote SWIG's comments on the same--he quit programming for several years to stop dealing with C++'s increasing garbage. I feel reasonable in saying this: C++ is not going away soon. One day (even sooner if you are in academic circles and dealing with libraries) we maintenance programmers are going to have to start dealing with code written to take advantage of the new features in C++11. And on that day, all of us will be wondering why the hell we are still using that katamari of language features, instead of something less baroque--perhaps Perl. The issue is that there are already many better, cleaner languages than C++98/03. C++ is a good language, with some clunk to it. The best parts of it are arguably the bits inherited from C (which C++11 looks like it might break with). The OOPy parts (classes, polymorphism, etc.) have been done better by languages like Java, Javascript, and Smalltalk. Templates exist to get around grossness of the rest of the language, and were done better by Java's generics anyways. Multiple inheritance was done better by Java in the form of interfaces. The rhetoric is that these changes somehow simplify the language--that's cool and all, and may even be true for the most trivial of examples or the most basic of beginners. The problem is that these new features are going to be released in the wild alongside many libraries who don't use them, being old, and who won't be updated, being cumbersome or trusted. And so, the burden of making the ends meet is going to fall on the rest of us who now have to support, in effect, two languages. If the improvements are incremental, then this wasn't worth doing, If the improvements are such a new, cleaner, simpler language, why the hell call it C++? Again, see D. Lastly, most of the fixes are syntactic sugar which do nothing to help fix some very real issues with the deployment of the language. How do I bind these things to other languages cleanly? In C this is trivial--why isn't this fixed in C++11? How do I load libraries of classes dynamically at runtime? From C wrappers? When interfacing with old libraries (which actually do exist), how often am I going to have to write some kind of NULL-nullptr glue code? Why do we not have variable length arrays (they're in C99)? Thank you for your helpful response! C has an unfair advantage in this regard, but it's just not that hard to integrate C++ and C. This is very true... as you pointed out C is very primitive in a lot of respects, and this doubtless simplifies working with it from other languages. The question is, how do I easily call the new C++11 code from something like Lua, Java, Python, Ruby, etc.? How weird will my wrapping code end up looking? I'm sorry to harp on this, but I'm in the middle of a medium-size engine codebase written in C++, and even with our restraint so far on the use of some of the more advanced language features, things like smart pointers and whatnot are so useful that they become a concern (multithreaded code without smart pointers is a recipe for madness). I've been writing some C++11 with C++4.6.0 and a bunch of old libraries and haven't run into that. I don't use pointers in my code very much, so I don't think I've even had to use nullptr yet. Out of curiosity, how much have you done with OpenGL/OpenAL/OpenCL, etc.? Have you had any issues there yet? I'd like to know if that stuff fits okay with C++11. "cell phone: don't get one if you can't afford it (ditto for a regular phone)" This is kind of a tricky thing, right? Phone access is still essential for job hunting, and payphones aren't terribly common anymore either. Borrowing a friend's phone is sometimes possible, but for getting a callback? Not so much. Same thing goes for internet access (which, of the two, I think would probably be a better investment once a job is secured). Even so, low-wage jobs are often very dependent on scheduling and thus require a phone to get updated about shift changes. (note also that yes, you can get net access from unsecured wireless networks [increasingly shunned due to piracy and access concerns] and public libraries [which may not be convenient to get to]) Simply not getting a phone (generalize to point of contact if desired) is not really a good option. I've been working on a project in this same general area (crowdfunding) and this scares the everliving bejeezus out of me. Perhaps the only real revolution we can do to improve the system of capitalism is to increase the ability of creative minds to gather funding and address the needs of the masses. If everyone is a capitalist--if everyone is able to easily seek funding to address public needs--then things can get better for everyone. This is the sort of thing that prevents that. :( Are we just buying you stuff? Much as I appreciate rules fetishism, this is the sort of view that screws up my country. Look, elsewhere we've seen the wide variety of visas aimed at the "rich", "investors", and "job creators". So, clearly, enforcement isn't uniform across people who are immigrants. Moreover, in your presumably simple moral system, any law regardless of how unfair in specification is fine so long as the implementation is uniform. (note here I'm interpreting "fairness in enforcement" to mean uniform, as if we actually take into account "fairness" in the conventional sense your own statement is reduced to uselessness... and I'd rather not believe HN is frequented by the sort of drooling pedantic imbecile that would be necessary to make such a claim) This being the case, you apparently would have no issue with a law that requires police officers to beat twelve citizens every day, provided they aren't biased in their selection? So, I picked up this book on a whim from Half-Priced Books about six months ago. I've since loaned it out to a mechanical engineering friend of mine, and he's finished it; I'll be loaning it out again soon--it's one of those books that I consider essential for spreading the good word of CS/EE. ACTUAL REVIEW/SPOILER CONTENT: So, the book does start pretty slowly. It considers the case of signaling with flashlights. This motivates semaphores (not the concurrency type!), which in turn motivates telegraphs. The telegraph repeater and its automation is used to motivate logic gates. Around here (forget exactly whether it's before or after) the author diverges for a chapter or two into boolean logic and counting mechanisms. Then the idea of storage is brought in, then the idea of state machines. Calculation is brought in, and soon the author has a simple little ALU. The author talks about wiring up an interface for this, and then there is talk about interrupts, operating systems, and also real embodiments of this sort of hardware--6502 or 8086 assembler is introduced and discussed. The writing is geared such that someone in highschool shouldn't have trouble understanding anything, and there is enough history thrown in with the light style that it isn't a chore to slog through. WHY THIS BOOK IS NOT A WASTE OF TIME: So, I've already taken the introductory computer engineering/CS classes during my time at university. I've already read a lot in high school and a lot after college on computers and their architecture. This is not a new subject to me. Why is this still a good read? Folks, our professions (whether you are a mechanical engineer black-boxing gear trains, a software engineer black-boxing Java/Scala/JVM bytecode, or a Perl hacker black-boxing the very mouth of madness) are all rooted in abstraction. Everything we do, everything we touch, is a slice of a pyramid of (sometimes shaky/leaky/smelly) abstractions. The great thing about Code isn't what it teaches you about programming (it doesn't cover much other than assembly, if that) or computer engineering (no help soldering or designing ring buses or whatnot) or even mathematics (boolean algebra is pretty straightforward in its presentation); instead, Code focuses on bringing us to a functioning microcomputer from a flashlight in our bedroom, without ever skipping a layer of abstraction. Even if you already know each slice (in broader detail than presented), seeing the entire journey is at worst enjoyable and at best extremely educational. SINGULAR OF FACT (ANECDOTE): I just thought I'd mention this as well. As my ME friend (at that time, roommate) was chugging through the book, he'd randomly come up and ask me questions or points of clarification. This culminated one evening during dinner. He, my other roommate (a Linux sysadmin/applied mathematician), and I (software developer and former ME) were enjoying some Indian food, and the ME began bugging us about interrupts. He couldn't understand quite what they were useful for. So, over the course of four or so hours, we probed him with questions geared towards increasing his understanding. Something along these lines transpired: ME:"So, what are interrupts good for?" SD: "Well, they're good for getting the processor's attention. How would you handle checking if a button is down?" ME: "I could have processor check a line in." SA: "And if that check happens to miss the button press?" ME: "...erm, I could have something else check it, faster." SD: "And how would you check it?" ME: "You...could have the switch be controlling a bit of the memory, I guess." SD: "Congratulations! You've invented memory-mapped I/O!" SD/SA: SD: "But you still haven't told us about how to solve interrupts." ME: SD: "Let's think about the problem. What you want to do is have the processor poll the button, right?" ME: "Yes." SD: "And only do this when it's needed, right?" ME: "Yep." SD: "So, what if there was some kind of way of signaling the processor that data was ready?" ME: "...oh. I guess you could use a pin for that." SD: "What would that pin do?" ME: "I think it would have to tell the processor to go handle input." SD: "And how would that work?" ME: ME: SA: "What happens if I want to go somewhere else to handle my interrupt code?" ME: SA: "You've just invented the interrupt trap vector!" ...etc... So, by the end of the night, with proper questioning we'd gotten him to come up with MMIO, with virtual memory, with paging, and eventually gotten him to consider how to implement concurrency via scheduling and his newly discovered virtual memory mechanism. It was delightful, and wouldn't have been possible unless he'd been getting the lay of the land from reading Code. edit: oh god the spacing edit2: processor's, not processors With all due respect... "I think this is a completely misguided assumption. Maybe this is true these days. But it wasn't always true, and it shouldn't be true." What the past state was does not matter a great deal in these issues--today's problems are what stand between us and the food on our tables. If you read that economic growth as not being responsible for funding of higher education, you are similarly incorrect. At the national level it's about having strong soft power and at the personal level about it's about "keeping up with the Joneses" re: income. "Higher education, especially in the liberal arts, is for training students to become good community members, citizens and leaders." It was my impression that high schools and parents were the mechanism for indoctrinating youths into community values. Moreover, without playing too hard to personal experience, if my classmates at uni are tomorrow's leaders I'm a great deal concerned. "It's about giving them the cognitive, rhetorical, and even emotional skills required to solve the hard problems that we face as a society. And there is a lot more to solving those problems than promoting "innovation" or "economic growth"." What are these "hard problems"? Hunger? Disease? Working boring jobs to shuffle little bits of paper around? I'd wager that the root of your "hard problems" is ultimately scarcity in one form or another, and the only way to address that is through technology, and the only way to get that is through STEM training. "We subsidize higher education because producing citizens with those skills is valuable to our society." You echo your given quote here--you instead handwave the "skills" involved whereas the quote specifically suggests that economic growth is the valuable criterion to pick skills with. "Are liberal arts programs perfect? No. Do they cost too much? Maybe. Would it be good for society to have more people going into STEM fields? Probably. Does all this mean that liberal arts education is "oversold"? Certainly not." I agree, disagree, agree, and disagree again. Liberal arts programs seem to consist primarily of a great deal of reading and research, augmented with the professional musings of an elder in the field. Is my impression incorrect? If it is not, is there a particular reason why it costs so much when that material is so cheaply available? I'd appreciate clarification on this matter. "Indeed, it is rare to see people express just how valuable the liberal arts are, and why." You know, there is at least one simple explanation that suggests itself for explaining this phenomena...