iamleppert, are you me? I went through literally the exact same situation (same problem with the manager, same outcome, etc.), though instead of quitting I finished the pip and switched to a new team (I was already on another team by the second or third day of the pip as I was taking it to HR, which doesn't always work out - it did in this case). New team thought it was absolutely ridiculous I was on it, as did many members of the original team. I finished the pip just fine. I work at Large Transportation Company. Same shit over here. Once I was working with a manager that loved the fact I'm gay, I do great work, stress levels are down (or at least, the stress incurred is the 'fun' kind of stress), etc. I do agree the review process is ridiculous - I've never been in a company where they had them prior to this. We were told to choose 2-5 coworkers that were really involved in our day to days within the review period (6 months), and after doing so my manager went in and added the rest of the team (including coworkers I barely saw that I had one or two interactions with over the course of months), including other coworkers that had made very brash comments about my boyfriend/age or about gays in general. Manager used that shitty feedback from three out of the nine total employees that reviewed me (that otherwise gave pretty glowing reviews) to initiate the pip. There was a whole bunch of other BS with the situation - e.g. a manager and another coworker joking about satanic rituals against us in our team HipChat room - that I really don't feel like going into detail about that just added insult to injury. What's worse, there has been no investigation into the matter much past asking the offending manager to "talk about things". Oh well. When you have 11,000+ employees, it's hard to have an objective team investigate every single review. Plus, how can this objective team, with little to no context of daily interactions, assess whether or not feedback is "legitimate" or dripping in disdain? 1) You should definitely research who Fedor Indutny is. 2) If you think companies aren't already doing this, you're lying to yourself. 3) This is a harmless experiment made to spotlight how simple it is to identify someone just by their typing. This could be used in a multitude of ways. 4) Stop generalizing "people in tech", and stop assuming everyone builds stuff for no reason. This is a deliberate experiment, made on purpose, for a very good reason. I maintain quite a few high-traffic packages on npm and have done so for years. Npm is really bad about handling any sort of situation with any amount of grace. Per my anecdotal experience, they are really good at choosing the outcome that benefits them the most/harms them the least - which wouldn't upset me since most companies do this, but it's Npm's "we're here for the community" type of fake attitude that has always bothered me. This looks incredible. Will definitely be playing with this in the coming days. Happy to see something like this. I paid for Synergy a long time ago, but as others have echoed, I'm not a huge fan of the direction they took. Hi. I'm the maintainer of https://npmjs.org/package/color and https://npmjs.org/package/color-convert . Curious what your library does differently aside from API design. `color-convert` has been around for years and has supported all of these algorithms plus more - and it does a BFS search to convert between models that do not have an explicitly written conversion algorithm. I'm not one to say "don't do this", but I'm generally pretty against re-inventing the wheel if there's something to be improved upon. I wanted to incorporate MongoDB into a C++ server at one point. Their C/C++ client is literally unusable. I went to look into writing my own that actually worked and their network protocols are almost impossible to understand. BSON is a wreck and basically the whole thing discouraged me from ever trying to interact with that project again. This is a Good Thing. Remember the Boston bomber? I don't have a solution, but making all police communications public in real-time only puts innocent people at risk. > In the process I have found that even HIPAA is not a protocol, it is a largely unspecific set of guidelines for how patient data should be stored and transmitted. Former HIPAA security officer here; to be abundandly clear, there _are_ very specific guidelines for which information must be anonymized. I don't think you were saying the alternative, just sounded a little like "anything goes" which is definitely not the case. As for your point about guidelines, that's entirely true - last time I read the section about encryption, it just specified "state of the art encryption" which is... a poor way to specify that.