> Prop 13 ensures that property values -and thus the taxes > due on that property- are only reassessed when a property > changes hands. If you've held on to a property since Prop > 13's passage, your property taxes have not increased in > 37 years. This is an often-repeated myth, but that is not how prop 13 works. Property taxes do increase every year. What prop 13 does is that it sets the yearly increase to 2%. This makes the increases predictable so one can budget for it, but it certainly increases every year. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_%281... (I bought a house in 1997. During the dot.com boom, the market value far exceeded the assessed value. Later when housing crashed, the market value dipped below the assessed value. In the current boom market value has again gone above the assessed value. I expect in the next crash values may reverse again. So all prop 13 does is that it damps the increases to prevent wild swings year to year.) > are only adjusted upon sale of the property While often repeated, that is incorrect. In reality property tax goes up 2% every year under prop 13. Property tax in California is at least 1% (typically a bit higher due to various local fees, but let's say 1% for this example). That means if she bought the property 20 years ago for $150K, the property tax in year one was 1% of 150K, or $1500. Under Prop 13 property taxes go up 2% ever year (compounded). So after 20 years that property tax would be up to roughly $2400. When he grows it'll be very difficult to learn, now is the time when a child can learn many languages very easily. Take the opportunity now! I speak to our toddler in a language my wife doesn't (Finnish) and she speaks to him in a language I don't understand (French). He is fully fluent in both, in addition to English (from daycare/friends). It varies. Sometime saying twice, but most often he (son) will do the translating for us which is great practice. But we also have another shared language we can use (which our son also mostly understands). The tax is not based on the current value nor on the value 30 years ago. It is based on a value which goes up 2% every year. The taxes go up every year but in a predictable way, it is damping function on the wild swings of the bubble/crash/repeat housing market. So it is very easy to see how prop 13 was passed. The real estate tax is one the major yearly budget items for most families. Having it vary wildly and unpredictably year to year is not something most families [who don't earn tech bubble salaries] can handle. The razr still works fine (on tmobile). I still use mine, purchased in 2005, no issues. Battery life isn't great and it's hard to find a replacement battery that works, but it still gets me through the day. I wouldn't necessarily mind upgrading, but the razor is less than 4"x2" and there is nothing else like it available. I have no interest in a larger bulkier phone. > We need software with super long term support release that just get bug fixed for ~20 years. So much this. You can have it though, by sticking with stable open source that no PM looking to make a mark can redesign every year. I've been using mutt for email since the mid 90s, no unnecessary interface changes. In 1997 I set up my very non-technical mother (now almost 90) with a very simple system built around FVWM (very customized configuration), mutt (again customized for simplicity) and emacs (for email editing, custom keybindings). To this day she uses the exact same setup every day. Nothing has changed and nothing can change, so nothing new to confuse her. Assuming you control both sides, which sounds like you do, just run it on a different port in addition to 25. MA allows non-compete restrictions on employees which severely stifles the startup economy. Silicon Valley is what it is largely in thanks to the continuous cross-pollination of talent which is possible due to the lack of non-compete issues.