This will easily break the clove. Ok if you are going for finely chopped but less nice if you need thin slices. Another way is to roll the clove between your hands for a few seconds. Trim the top and bottom off, roll, peel. Also if you use a garlic press, there's no need to peel. Actually it's easier to clean the pres if you don't. Use plastic bags or containers to keep vegetables fresh in the fridge. Things like carrots dry out in no time in a fridge but stay usable for weeks if you simply keep them in a plastic bag. I've thrown away vegetables for years before figuring this out. For a good tutorial on sharpening & honing, checkout this insightful tutorial by French Guy Cooking: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWYIU1L_8vA&t=5s I can recommend setting up audit beat & kibana or similar. Auditbeat is a recent addition to the Elastic beats agents and it sends audit logs for a lot of things, including ssh logins, system calls, and you can monitor changes to files/directories as well. So, you can flag boxes where people are poking around in /etc, and see which boxes are being accessed via ssh by which user. We have this and a few other elastic beats on most of our vms in amazon baked into the amis we use. So anything deployed by us starts sending lots of data to our logging cluster for metrics, auditing, internal application events, stacktraces from our docker infrastructure, syslogs, etc. How can you write an article like this without bringing up self driving cars? The end game for Uber is to get drivers out of the loop completely. So, this is just a temporary problem. It's going to get a whole lot worse if your plan in life is to drive vehicles around to make money. This is not about the gig economy but simply about a lot of jobs becoming commodities before being automated away completely. Anyone with decent navigation solution in their car can compete with whatever awesome skills this medallion used to represent in terms of geographical knowledge. It's an outdated concept that dates back to the days that actually taxis were horse & carriage and it was kind of helpful to have some guarantees that the driver knew where to go. Not a thing any more. I've used both; ant as well in the distant past. More gradle than maven lately but I still have a few maven projects. True for both is that you don't want to push them beyond simple stuff. It just gets ugly and most of your team will look the other way when it is time to sit down and fix the build (usually that job lands in my lap). There are maven and gradle plugins for just about everything and it is tempting to use them but your build files will quickly become very complex and unmaneagable. Worse, a lot of these plugins are poorly documented, if at all, and tend to not add a lot of value. And that's before you start hitting the corner cases, bugs, and left as an exercise to the reader type stuff that just requires copy pasting bits of half working stuff from all over stackoverflow. Once you go down that path, maven and gradle are equally frustrating. Solution in both cases is to simply not even try to do everyting in a build file and fall back to simple alternatives: use a small run.sh instead of trying to get some unholy maven xml blob or gradle script to fork off a jvm just right; really a script is a lot easier to write, maintain and it does exactly what it says. And even better, you get to reuse it in the last line of your Dockerfile where you start your software. Speaking of Docker, packaging things up as a docker image (or rpm, or whatever), is also definitely out of scope for build files. I'm sure it is possible to do with some unholy combination of craptastic plugins in both; but why even bother? Just use a Dockerfile and docker build for that. They are nice and simple and any decent devops person knows how to work with them. Actually, in some of my projects the whole build is a docker build. It's great! I let it take care of downloading the jdk, gradle/mvn, and then let it download the world as a separate docker layer before letting it build the software. Most of the builds it jumps straight to building software unless I touch the build file. Also makes for really simple CI: all your build server needs to know is docker. Also people can build and run your software without installing anything else than docker (and git, and maybe a few other bits and pieces). Add some docker compose and you can do integration tests (another thing that you should not attempt from a build file). Also, with both maven and gradle: avoid multi module setups. They slow down your builds, multiply your complexity, and all for the illusion of not quite having reusable components. Once you have two modules, you will need three, and four, etc. There's no end to it. Just don't. Usually you are just looking at Conway's law in action: it rarely buys you anything but misery and slow builds. KISS & YAGNI. Funnily, 10 times harder is exactly my experience with most maven plugins. Maven is fine if you stick to compile, test, and jar. Anything beyond that just tends to escalate into madness. Was wondering the same. I've been using csvkit a lot lately. This looks like a subset of functionality using more or less the same approach. Csvsql uses sqlite under neath and you can do some nice things with this like joins, using sql functions, etc. There is also stuff like amazon athena that allows you to do similar things in s3 at scale. Csvkit is great with pipes and you can also easily convert between csv tsv and even stuff like json. The reason RSS is still here, is that things like feedly, inoreader, and others that filled the google reader gap continue to have millions of loyal users and just about every blog and news publisher still publishes rss feeds because it is easy to do and you lose potential clicks if you don't. Google killed Google reader to make buzz work (failed) and the several other thingies they have been pushing since (also failing). FB, twitter, and the "more of the same old shit" algorithms that they try to pass as machine learning are currently failing in the market. FB is losing users because it has nothing interesting to show to them and because they have been taken hostage by paying customers that depend on idiots clicking on click bait. Twitter is desperately trying to get rid of real time because they believe it is more "interesting" to keep week old tweets on top that are somehow "more relevant". The branding thing is a bit disingenuous; this is really about ads and tracking. Good luck with that, blocking all of it like most serious users these days and also GDPR is not going to help your cause. RSS as a publishing mechanism is fine. The firehose needs work though. It needs reliable filtering, curation, and aggregation. That's the gap filled by hacker news and other aggregators. And having access to the firehose is nice sometimes. Back in the day at Nokia Research we were abusing their N800 linux tablets (mind you, this was 2007, way before the iphone shipped and when android was a mere rumor). These things were running a debian linux based OS with X based UI, and a mozilla based browser. Pretty much anything command line just worked after a simple apt-get install and most gui stuff kind of worked except for formfactor issues (low resolution screen, touch based interaction, keyboard overlay, etc.). The N800 specs were very modest compared to this stuff (something like 500Mhz and 256MB if I'm not mistaken). So, for command line stuff, most of the stuff you'd use 12 years ago would still be valid today. Stuff hasn't really changed that much. If anything, some things might run a bit faster than they used to on the same hardware due to ongoing optimizations and cumulative fixes. E.g. python has improved a lot since 2.5, which I think was current then. Compilers have gotten better, kernels have improved a lot, etc. However, these days, a minimum requirement for most would be to be able to run a modern browser (i.e. with all the security holes patched) capable of browsing all popular websites. Unfortunately, that just requires a lot of memory and CPU these days. Websites have gotten a lot more complex in the last 12 years. I'd say memory is actually the biggest bottleneck here. Most laptops are effectively idling most of the time and grow extremely hot if you actually run them at 100% CPU. So a modern low power ARM SOC with enough memory suitable for e.g. a mid range smart phone of around 200$ should have everything you need for comfortable browsing.