> I'm strongly in favor of allowing more efficient video formats to be used in their place anywhere that supports animated GIFs because that actually kills their niche. Haven't the sites that can be bothered to encode animated images as MP4 already done so and switched to the tag? Who is left now in 2022 with GIF that would actually switch to MP4 and not just keep GIF, support for which seems to be in no danger of being removed? Especially since you'd still have to worry about backward compatibility, because neither Chrome nor Firefox have implemented mp4 yet. > Having to individually play each reaction image would make them unusable. Good, I'm not a fan of them ;-) > The proper way to handle this is to respect the prefers-reduced-motion CSS media feature. There's a big difference between clicking to play an animation and never playing an animation. The element uses the former. But prefers-reduced-motion seems more appropriate for the latter. In any case, why wouldn't prefers-reduced-motion also make reaction animations unusable? > Also if you forbid animated gifs, you should go one step further and forbid animated SVGs! Nobody is suggesting to forbid animated images. The suggestion is that they respect the user's autoplay preferences, so you can make them click to play, like a video. > though autoplay is often abused by (American, for some reason) news sites to dump their stupid ads onto me I discovered this feature from an ad on CNN. > In other browsers you may need an addon to accomplish this. That's the problem though. I make an extension that stops autoplaying videos. But the extension doesn't work on mp4, because has none of the API of a element. There's no autoplay attribute, there's no JavaScript play and pause, no video controls, no DOM events. The mp4 is effectively walled off. > This would guarantee that `reduce` doesn't break any existing experiences, while still providing the option for those with vestibular motion disorders. I don't have a vestibular motion disorder. I just don't want videos to autoplay. A lot of people don't want videos, or gifs, to autoplay. Do we actually need anything other than the existing "Never Auto-Play" preference? > I love animated gifs that auto play That's fine, as long as the browser respects user autoplay preferences, then every user gets what they want. > So much great internet meme culture revolves around gifs Technically speaking, it's not clear how much this is true anymore. Many sites such as Twitter use rather than GIF. I love gifs in the loose sense, i.e., short-form videos. But from a technical standpoint, gifs are kind of an abomination: "The Graphics Interchange Format is not intended as a platform for animation, even though it can be done in a limited way." https://www.w3.org/Graphics/GIF/spec-gif89a.txt > Apple's CEO, COO and "head of services" all have degrees from Duke University Why do you mention this? Duke awards thousands of degrees every year. It's a highly ranked university, but the number of people in the world with degrees from highly ranked universities is massive. It's not rare. > I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are foolish and misguided. I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are gods and not fallible mortals. All humans make mistakes. Very bad mistakes. Even very smart people. Depending on circumstances and level of power, some people suffer the consequences of their mistakes, and others don't. One common mistake of leaders is to surround themselves with "yes men" who never criticize them or tell them the truth. Leaders can become very detached from reality, but their power allows them to survive and even thrive in a state of reality detachment. And these leaders always have people who will defend them no matter what and paint them as infallible geniuses because of their power, which is part of what contributes to never suffering the consequences of mistakes. > The chances of the top three (four?) executives at any given giant multinational company all holding degrees from the same institution is pretty small. Not really. Colleges are social networks. Alumni favor each other. Facebook and Google were both founded at colleges. > I don’t think there is an intent to malign Duke I read it the opposite way, as attempting to say that having degrees from Duke somehow makes Apple leadership uniquely capable: "all have degrees from Duke University and 30 year careers in supply chain management". > but it is noteworthy. It's some interesting trivia. But it's not clear why it's noteworthy in the context of the discussion of secrecy at Apple. Tim Cook got an MBA at Duke, Jeff Williams got an MBA at Duke. Tim Cook was at IBM, Jeff Williams was at IBM. Tim Cook joined Apple in operations, Jeff Williams joined Apple in operations. Do you think those are all just random chance coincidences? > people who have prefers-reduced-motion enabled most likely don't want animating reaction images (they're a perfect example of the sort of motion that this setting is supposed to suppress). I don't want AUTO-animating images. That's a crucial distinction. I still want to be able to see the animation, if desired. It should be under user control. Reduced motion is not the kind of thing you can trivially turn off and on. You have to go layers deep into settings to find and change it. This is why click to play is the correct answer here.