I am baffled by these new trends. I have seen websites that need scalability cache all the DB queries in memcached, but the queries didn't have any large degree of temporal locality. How is this supposed to do anything other than move the database into memory? Shouldn't the DBMS already do that by itself? The only benefit I can see is that the queries would be memoized instead of having to be run again and again, but I'm not sure that would be such a great advantage if the entire DB was loaded in memory. Anyway, I'm just thinking aloud here, but it seems to me that in many cases you really don't want a caching layer above the DB... It's better if you actually own the small company, though... No, we're never going to show your content to other users (or to anyone else), it's private. The policy is the same as del.icio.us's, I thought it was made clear in there that we won't share anything, but I'll clarify it. What we might do is show lists of the ten most popular URLs, for example. Since those are indexed by many people, nobody will be able to personally identify anyone. We wouldn't even keep the page, but it's necessary for reindexing things if something goes wrong (e.g. we are thinking of changing the search engine, and it would require a wipe of everyone's history if we didn't keep the pages). In short, no, we will never show your cached pages or even your URLs, except in very anonymized circumstances. What's a google? Uh, the voice is not autogenerated (it sounds natural), and hence it's 100% certain that this was scripted? First of all, thanks very much for your feedback! To address your points, there are no plans for your bookmarks to be public, or have an option to show a page with them, either. The nature of the site doesn't lend itself to public bookmarks at all, as there is no list of bookmarks to publicise in the first place. To make it public we would have to add a search box for people to search in your bookmarks, which may or may not be useful... I see what you mean about it, and I agree, but many people have said "I will never use this if I can't have privacy", so we listened to them. It might, however, be a typical case of the users not knowing what they want, because nobody seems to mind facebook... I'd like one like that too :( Thank you for your feedback, it is much appreciated! The point of the site is to not have lists of bookmarks, though, so you can add many many sites and then find them easily. I find that, if I have a list, I tend to either try and keep it tidy or, if I don't, I just get frustrated and never look at it. We wanted historious to never show you the extent of your bookmarks, and to just give you the info you want transparently. That's why the notion of "public bookmarks" is hard to apply here... Thank you, we hope so too! Thank you for your feedback! To address your points: - There is currently a feature to import from delicious (go to "historify site"), but it has been temporarily disabled while we make our crawler multithreaded, because the unexpected popularity and people trying to import thousands of links at once made indexing very slow for everyone. It should be up again in the next few days. - That is a very good idea! I'm not sure if the delicious dump file has them, but it should, I'll add it to our bug tracker, thanks!