Looks neat, but is there that much difference between silverback or just recording people using screenflow? I get the idea of the chapter marking, and I guess it probably helps if you're trying to track 10+ subjects at a time... I've not used it "specifically" for testing, but have let people use a site and record via screenflow. I wasn't being terribly scientific about it at the time tho. :) Apparently it's not quite battled-tested yet: http://gyazo.com/b206847fc013a9985f43cdaa7d066f9b.png Sorry I didn't reply before. Not as interesting as I'd hoped - I either needed to give more direction, or need to use a bigger group next time. "length of stay doesn't correlate accurately with technical skill at all" They're not looking for technical skill - at least, not as a primary factor. They're looking for people who will stick around even when things get crappy, will put up with internal political maneuverings, people who will grit their teeth and deal with annoying coworkers and will tend to stay even when there's better short term offers. For the company this is a win on a number of levels. Less cost of retraining new hires and the lost productivity that comes with new people entering a shop. Less need to get institutional knowledge out of people and in to documented systems. Freedom to experiment with new directions, because if things go south, they'll have a 'loyal' team who will stick around anyway. These aren't necessarily good or bad, just how it is. So, keep that in mind. Companies often are not looking for top-notch software skills, but a 'whole package', and they'll way often settle for 'good enough' on the whole package, even if it means average software skills. slick - thanks for the tip! Any advantages of this over other grid systems, besides size? Any drawbacks? "These don't make any sense to me because there are already apps that perfectly fulfill those needs if people have them." Obviously not. Those other apps don't offer the simplicity and UI experience that yours does. What you're offering is resonating with some people, but they want what you have right now plus more . People are telling you this, and you're just telling them to go away and use another tool? Your prerogative, but you're asking how to take this to the 'next level', and your users are already telling you how - you don't need to ask HN. "They will probably just stick with Word, but they will often still find the LaTeX-produced resumes better looking" Can someone show me examples of what constitutes "better looking" when comparing these two tools for CVs? The comparison seems a bit unfair, in that the SQL Server stuff is going to be installing a boatload more stuff - much of which will be useful to administration (management tools - backups, schema mgt, etc). In cases where you don't need that, pg or mysql can win, but a SQL Server install is so much more than just the engine. Doesn't seem all that stupid to me. It's just a tool. Certainly, if someone happens to find out that I've got card 2e9c9735b1c972c8 and that I use every other letter from the blue row for my bank password, yes, I'm in trouble, but that's enough obscurity for me. Better yet, I'll simply look like I'm using the card, but actually using my trust old " " for my real password!