Dugg it, I think I saw you somewhere else a few weeks ago, metafilter? A stumble question for anybody who knows. I was getting a bunch of traffic from Stumble Upon and decided to throw up a digg button. Of course, it was late and I didn't test it properly, so it essentially broke my site and nobody stumbled it anymore. Once a site has been stumbled once, and not thumbed up, is there any way to get it going again? My site is www.hearwhere.com I commented on the blog, but really my comment probably belongs here. This is a great advertisement for SeedCamp, but I find it strange that SeedCamp/Y-Combinator/TechStars focus on people with ideas, pre-launch. Is there anything like this availble to first time bootstrappers who have just gone and gotten it done? Build/Launch/Revise - but it would be great to have access to these kinds of resources - lots of knowledge and a bit of money. Seems to me that once you've got a product out there, it's difficult to get small amounts of money to keep things going, and the publicity that YC etc. provide is unbeatable. Of course, it is an image to protect it from spammers, but how long until spammers use image recognition to get your e-mail? Thanks Maro, I had the map smaller originally, but the bigger map just seems more engaging. I do put markers on the map after you click on a result. I thought it would be useless to have a bunch of markers on the map first, as you aren't going to decide on a show based on the location, but it's good to see the location after. Thanks for the input. That's AWESOME feedback sawndrost. I'm not being lazy, but just haven't been getting that kind of feedback - tech meetups are not de rigueur in my hometown of Whistler BC. I'm not a huge fan of the look, and i've been tweaking and tweaking it. Even hired a designer, but we conflicted on a bunch of elements and this is what I ended up with. It's a shame the player isn't working. I haven't heard that yet, and that is the best part - listen so you can discover the artists. I specifically didn't want to populate the map with markers as it would just be full of markers, and you won't really decide to go to a show based on where it is, rather than who is playing, so I think the site would get just too busy with that. But I'll definately be working on everything else you mentioned. Kinda makes me wish I could take down this post for now and repost later. ;) didn't know I could do that. Completely new to working with the maps. I've made a few of the more minor changes you recommended (including the scrolling), and just uploaded it to the server, but I think the fonts/images, etc is going to take me some time. Probably won't get that sorted today. But you've really opened my eyes, shawndrost, I can't thank you enough. I'll be making lots of changes over the next few days I'm sure. I've been working on adding some social features beyond just sharing links on Facebook and Friendfeed - hopefully in the next few weeks. Hey Kp, date range is on the way, working out some bugs, but hopefully by the end of next week. There is a genre filter, but i need to pair it down, there are WAY too many options. Lots of other sites do the band search, not sure if I'll add that in, though you aren't the first to mention it. Lots of great UI ideas coming from this post. I'll be playing with LOTS of different ideas over the next little bit. I've noticed a few odd results creep in myself. I'll work on that. Thanks Yeah, this is the unfortunate effect of how the artists have entered there data into MySpace - not sure who I can fix that. When artists supply good data (which seems to be the majority), things work well. Google maps seems to default to the US when searching for locations, so I'm guessing that entering UK into a geo-search isn't a rarity for you.. is that right. I'll see if I can get some sort of filter that tries to pick the name with the greatest population or something. That makes much more sense. Have a good time at the show.