I know this isn't the right place to ask this, but why is there no down arrow for submissions/comments? And why when you upmod something does the arrow disappear! Where's the undo? Here's a work in progress of mine that uses long polling and keep-alives. http://www.zchatter.com It works quite well.. pretty much like having a conventional tcp/ip connection for receives, (interlaced with HTTP traffic), and using a separate series of POST requests to send data to the server. I disagree... users love seeing new features. If they don't work so well, they don't care. Most likely they'll enjoy them and feel privileged they are getting to use them before they are really ready. They'll see the potential. They'll start imagining what it'll be like once it's finished. If it's a cool, innovative feature they haven't seen before, they'll see it as proof you're a cool place to be. Even if half of it doesn't work. Get features out often. Of course make sure they don't break anything else, or reduce the users experience, but users love to see a site evolving and changing with them on board. Could also be an cause and effect mixed up - most websites are designed in an F sort of arrangement, with important stuff at the top, and the left side, and some important stuff half way down. Have they been designed like that because that's how users naturally read stuff, or has it just become the 'norm'. Apart from a failed startup? Seems to be power in general - my MacBook power supply had issues, and apparently it's very common for the casing of the wire to start melting and burning, which is what happened to mine... Quite worrying really. What??!?!?? Explain your workings please. "Can I reformat my iPod and install something else?" Erm yes, of course you can. There's a thriving open source community for iPods replacement O/S and software. Of course. Using the 'standard' firmware on anything is just downright boring. Most firmware uses like 50% of the hardwares capabilities. I'd like some automated rating of video feeds. Write some software to rate how 'interesting' a feed is currently. Start with the easy - is much changing? is there any audio? Then move onto harder things - how many people are viewable in the video. Then maybe you could display the feeds in order of current 'interestingness'. Otherwise trawling through them gets a bit tedious.