This is like saying, "The police could get a warrant for your house anyway. I don't see why people get mad when they just walk in." The other agencies could get FinCEN data. They just had to show cause for it. I support a skills based test like LSAT for voting. It would be much less susceptible to manipulation and op-ed than knowledge-based voting. Sure, I think someone should know the Constitution to vote, but what if someone thinks I should know the Earth is 10,000 years old? On the other hand, a test like LSAT that proves you can figure out logical fallacies would mean the stupidest of the stupid don't get to affect my life. I'm not familiar with this kind of event, but are there not usually badges that designate different kinds of participants? The writer could have a "attendee" badge, while advertisers and pushers would have a different color/label on their badge. Some have suggested that DNS move to TCP, but I don't think that's proper. The nature of DNS lends itself to connectionless, lightweight communication. That said, could the next iteration of DNS implement application-level handshaking? The reason not to do this at layer 4 is because I, in the several minutes of pondering it, think it could break lots of security devices that track connection state across lots of computers in a network. Make some kind of C -> S request C S yes C S request C S no done I agree with the parent poster that package management and graphical environments on FreeBSD is NOT very easy compared to Ubuntu, for example. pkgng supposedly brings FreeBSD's package system close to Debian's which would be a great advance. I almost wonder why they didn't port Debian's system over completely. Is it a GPL thing, or did they do apt-get better? Android 4.0 on HTC/Virgin Mobile doesn't have the option. Well, the author was making a point about the way people interact with their omnipresent tweetdeck/camera device. He was painting a picture for the sake of making a point, not for the sake of "hey, I'm in Singapore". I am likely preaching to the choir here, but the following is true. If you don't like this 'externalization' discussed by the author, try this: Keep your phone off of your body more often. Going to get a haircut, or go to the mall for an hour? Leave the phone in the car. It is really freeing; you do not realize the subtle impact of that phone/pager/digital watch constantly on the verge of maybe someone messaging you. Try it out once or twice, especially if it sounds like it'd be tough. I understand how IMAPS, SMTPS, and SSL work. Not clear text... Kind of like the OP that suggests the same of driving.