Because it helps them: most of the IE suckage comes from needing to support IE along with the real browsers, which is proportionally a bigger cost for a smaller competitor than them. IE being so much slower than everything else also helps keep the idea that web apps must be slower than desktop apps alive. "The" library is which ever squirrelly database, file format, app, etc. your next project needs to talk to which doesn't have bindings for your favorite language. You compromise on Java to avoid writing that by hand and use a JVM language to avoid the pain of actually using Java. I've heard Air as the most common drawback for Tweetdeck - the low-quality text rendering, non-standard widgets, etc. scream "non-native app" and the install process is certainly a lot harder if you don't already have Air installed. Granted, I tend to hang out with geeks and Mac-using designers but I'm not sure that the general public is more likely to install a runtime before installing the application they wanted to try. No - it crashes less than once a month on my system and I'm using the excellent Ack in Project mentioned by others instead of the built-in search. The Project Plus bundle also gives a nice for large projects but in general Ack is the only one I consider necessary. I think you might be overstating this a bit: browsers definitely had gzip support back in the stone-age (I actually implemented this by hand in 2000 or so) but for slightly shorter values of "long, long ago" it's also been the case that the necessary UA checks were well-known even if your default Apache config didn't already include them. JS/CSS, however, I agree completely on - it's a good deployment step but minification is quite the nuisance for debugging and it's less critical if you've configured your server to set proper Expires/Cache-Control headers. Apple would be fine, just as a web hosting company is fine if someone puts illegal content up. They'd have to make it clear that they are not the content producer and respond quickly when a legal complaint is received but it's not as if this is uncharted legal territory. It doesn't seem like the author has much experience with security, which is what you'd expect from a technical marketing manager - it sounds reasonable but the real goal is convincing you to buy Ronco spray-on-security appliances. Log files have never been intended as a security measure in the same way as a firewall, but it's naive to claim that they don't improve security. The concept the author is missing is that security is a process, not a software feature. Log files address several key parts of the security process: 1. Damage containment: if someone does compromise a system, logs are your way to catch that as early as possible - the difference between, say, someone at your bank getting malware and their authorization credentials being stolen. Identifying failures can be done close to real-time so it's realistic to be able to do things like quarantine desktops which suddenly acting like botnet nodes. 2. Verifying normal functionality: things like security updates being installed and services restarted, whether your admins are following correct policy, etc. This stuff matters a lot in any large-scale environment and while you can get a lot using a security scanner, logging is faster, safer and easier in many situations. 3. Identify anomalous behaviour: the classic example is adding firewall rules to drop traffic from hosts which attempt noisy attacks but this can also apply to things like banks notifying their customers that their browser is outdated, showing signs of being compromised, etc. Having actual data makes many security decisions a LOT easier. If you want the lowest common quality video, yes. Flash video performance and quality are noticeably lower, though, so it really doesn't scale well beyond YouTube-level video. In practice, widely deployed beat better quality handily. Perhaps, but unless he signed an NDA or something it's actually pretty hard for the bank. US copyright law gives an implicit license to the recipient - and data cannot be copyrighted so reformatting would actually make that difficult. All, of course, modulo the bank's success in making it expense enough to get their way without a decisive legal position. This is the big part of Microsoft's Vista problem: without software which uses the many system-level improvements, users don't see a benefit. As long as developers are targeting XP that's not going to change - it'd probably be worth it for them simply to give away free 7 upgrades at this point just to boost demand.