I suppose there's a lot we wouldn't do if we apply cold hearted logical reasons. Sometimes it's nice to not apply cold hearted logical reasons (even though I do see your point). That said, one 'cold' reason could be being able to write a post about it that puts the writer and 37 signals in a good light. Another could be for the author to just want to feel better about herself, because she helped someone else and/or because she constructed a nice story (and we humans like stories)... This is amazing, and a bit scary... While I would not bet money on it, it might be possible that the NSA has dirt on these companies, or on their high-ranking employees, keeping them from taking a stand. I think it depends. I'm inclined to agree with Linus' approach, but I'll just argue that sometimes "abuse, swearing and provoking people" is the best approach. Some of the best lessons I learned was being chewed out by a manager. The magnitude of my stupidity or fuck-up would simply not have sunken in even if this manager had been factual and direct, without chewing me out. The same goes for my youth. I remember some lessons mostly because they involved my father yelling at me. I recall very few lessons where he sat me down and provided a detailed, factual argument of why I was being a dumb-ass. I don't get the impression that, in growing up, our ability to assess magnitudes of failure by factual analysis of the situation has improved enough to render 'chewing-out' pointless. I'm considering a similar thing. Do you know of any resources on do's and don'ts when setting something like that up? Could you show some evidence that previous generations were more mobile? I'm not disputing it, but I'm inclined to think we're not much more or less mobile than previous generations... I can confirm that I have lots of friends that 'just want to go somewhere' and base their decision on different whims. Anecdotal evidence, but still. Compliments on the thing as a whole, but one thing stuck out to me (negatively). When I read about 'tablets' and 'interaction' and saw the screenshot of how interfaces haven't changed much, I got rather excited about the idea of a word processor that truly tried to change the way we 'process words' on touch devices. Instead, it seems you've mostly focused on the stuff surrounding word processing. Which is a noble goal, but not what I was hoping/wishing for. I'd like to see someone reinvent the word processor, or update it for touch interfaces. In the same way that the mouse greatly changed the way we work on 'normal' computers, surely touch should give us similar new advantages. I've been following a number of projects that try to do this, but they are hyper-focused on just that text-input part. I'd love to see the best ideas from those experiments find their way into Quip. (This is just a general observation, not an attack on Quip. I can understand that you have chosen a specific focus that doesn't happen to be what I care about.) David Foster Wallace had some interesting thoughts on the importance of boredom. I'm on a mobile so I can't provide links, but google that! One of my favorites is the German title for 'Die Hard', which is 'Stirb Langsam'. The literal translation of this is 'die slowly'...