I disagree. It's not a straw man at all. Your assume that A) big things can only ever get done by companies. B)A CEO 'owns' a company's assets. I'll give credit to him for creating and acquiring funding for the organization. I'll give him credit for publicizing his vision. Each and every rocket/car however, was massively subsidized by taxpayer dollars, and made feasible by hundreds of people WORKING TOWARD A COMMON GOAL. The practice of abstracting away hundreds to thousands of people's hard work and financial support, involuntary or not, is disingenuous at best and downright dishonest at worst. Abstraction is evil. Abstraction is what turns "people" into "human resources". And before the inevitable "That's not practical!" or "That's unreasonable!": It really isn't. Most people have just gotten so used to credit for their own work being sacrificed to someone else that nobody points out how incredibly screwed up the practice is. I'm sorry, but you won't get that. That isn't how computer's work. There is no magical "understanding" available through a computer to tell you WHY an error occurred. It is a computing device. It can tell you THAT a problem occurred, and WHAT it was doing at the time. With a debugger, you are free to ask the WHAT question at many points within the program to figure out WHERE the problem is coming from. But the answer to WHY can only be divined by you. Mom had a saying she was fond of: "You must be at least 10% smarter than the piece of equipment." Computers are not smart. They are dumb things that are exceedingly trainable at doing very dumb, repetitive things very quickly. Layer on a bunch of layers of dumb stuff and finding the spot where someone derped becomes very difdicult, very quickly. And what if you don't? When did programming suddenly shift away from "the programmer should be aware of what they are doing?" Hell, I can't count the number of times I've had to troubleshoot bad imports/classpath management brought about by some genius letting his IDE do his thinking for him. Don't know why parent was downvoted... If one can't make the connection between Turing completeness/automata theory and Neuro-cognititive function...think more. I think the question you seem to be asking flippantly deserves more thought than you are giving it. Even if memories are structural, network theory tells us that all parts of a network are not necessarily visible or accessible from all points at all times. The "You" making an executive decision could only be seeing a subset of your entire memory structure. This difficulty can be even more clearly expressed by looking at the how neural networks even work. It's not just structure that determines output. It's a combination of structure and sigmoid function, spread out over time as results of previous computations fine tune the network. You'd have the hardware to run your person on, but you'd have no information on the full informational state stored by which circuits are firing, which are building up to fire, and how fast each one is building up. Even if you did, you'd lack a "reboot" harness capable of generating that state on demand across the entire brain that could both physically share the same space the brain is occupying AND not interfere with the mechanisms by which it operates. What you haven't realized is that your conception of identity has been fine tuned since birth through your use of language to represent "You". Whatever woke up after the theoretical reboot would NOT be the "You" that went into it. It would be "You" to itself. Little more, little less. If you sit down and think it through, you should be able to realize that even if you could build something to do this theoretically, practically implementing it would be a fool's errand courtesy of physics. Namely sensitive dependence on initial conditions, and the Pauli Exclusion Principle. Nevermind the Engineering considerations. How do you measure a successful reboot? What is your error tolerance? Or the sociological/ethical implications. Can the environment/society support you? Could you adapt? Would you even be able to assimilate? Would you bring some sort of toxic ethic or moral taint that the society has considered taboo? Hell, we have kids based on a natural drive endemic to our biology. Now you're talking about placing on our descendants the literal decision of "Should we let this one exist to influence us?" Have you ever noticed that no one ever brings up a company being private until they do something that outrages the public? Well... This is one reason why tech literacy is so critically important. As long as it's a privileged few in the grand scheme of things who can add things to the Internet, it makes it that much easier to control. It's why many countries are so fond of regulating manufacturing. When you strip access to the means of production from the everyman and lock it behind regulatory barriers, it's far easier to control what can and can't be done. Not a pitch for any ideology. Merely an observation. Very insightful. I think this bears additional emphasis. I think you hit the nail on the head. As a society, we've relied on people making shallow surface level laws to correct deep, tangled problems for too long. Our system of laws is in dire need of a good pruning back and rearchitecting. IANAL, but I have been doing legal research for a while now, and when I'm reading law, it is very clear to me at least that when you start looking at law as something systematic, you run into diagrams that would make any system architect have a heart attack. The structures I end up at show a lack of "feed-forward" thinking in their implementations. Namely being structured with little or no thought to consequence, or guidance for interpretation or application built in. For the non-techies who may not be able to understand my comment, imagine implementing something complex like an internal combustion engine, but never writing a manual or communicating it's specifications. That's what I'm getting at. And yes, I'm aware that the legislature specifies executive branch entities to do the administrative law elucidation. However, there are far fewer release valves for bad law in those cases or means for changing overly restrictive guidance. Entities are given carte blanche to pass unchallengable "iron fist" level directives that have no recourse EXCEPT an already over-taxed legislature. It's interesting that you mention that. I have Blue Cross, and I've been dealing with seemingly procedural denials every month for a chronic condition. It's getting to the point where I'm genuinely thinking there is some bad faith activity going on. Just stop, please. The point of journeyman in connection to a trade is as a point on a scale of relative skill and has no meaning in the place of determing the accidental characteristics of the wielder of the title EXCEPT relative competency in the trade. "Man" has been a catch all for human practitioner when who the practitioner is isn't essential to the context. The title of journeyman elevates whomever bears it in the eyes of a trade. It grants equivalence no matter whom it is applied to. If you wish to call yourself a journeywoman, do so. Don't be surprised when the rest of the trade still refers to you as a journeyman. Tools don't care who wields them. And finished works' quality depends only on skill. Not gender. Hate to see of what your views on Bachelor's Degrees are.