i.e. Hamming advised everyone to work on the most important problem(s) in their field, and precisely not to "Chase after the things that interest you and make you happy." Maybe for him these two were the same. There is something cold about his recommendation, though. I'm not sure what motivated him. Impressing himself with important discoveries? I never in all his talking about missile trajectories and weapons-related work came across any evidence of ethical considerations. Godement's Algebra with its inspiring political and ethical conscience - its author was man as well as mathematician - made me vividly aware of how a work of mathematics/physics can either be ethical, or it can pretend that ethics are not its concern. Or rather, like a heartless child, act without ever even considering consequences. Maybe Hamming was just working on the important problems in his field, and disregarding all else, and thought that was enough. I tried working in a library, once I'd been driven out of parks by wandering people on phones. In the library every couple of minutes someone ran outside shouting into their phone "I'm in the library! Hang on!". Grr. And when it's quiet you notice you're within earshot of someone texting on their phone with "click" sound effects. Whoops, I meant Godement's Analysis . > Nearly everyone in this world holds to some central and defining philosopy or faith or religion that shapes the meaning of life for them. Is that a fact? Seems like a false assumption to me. Unless you just mean whatever deeper beliefs everyone has, whether aware of it or not, but it seems you're making a stronger claim. For example, I'm in Australia, and I'd say 95% at least of the people I've met in my life aren't among this "nearly everyone". > Israel is an unusual circumstance, in that it's surrounded by hostile countries, but so is the U.S. Huh? IIRC, the U.S. is surrounded by Canada, Mexico and a lot of ocean. I don't know how that can seem a realistic statement to you. Um. Your country has drones bombing innocent people across the globe, and you are worried about...whether you are getting value for money?! Please consider for a moment what that might sound like to people 'across the globe'. Do you count killing someone as human rights abuse? Killing hundreds of thousands, millions? I guess these U.S. killings have been mostly of people in other countries, which don't count as human rights abuses? It's somehow worse if a country kills its own people, than the people of other countries? And it's also not what they said. Hi. 'find me a source': Google is your friend. I can understand if you don't want to learn about this stuff. You sound young, or naively gloaty at least. If you think talking about 4 people is relevant then prepare for a big shock. It's really a horrific story though. I learned about it until I couldn't stand it anymore...all that stuff about central America in the 80s is so depressing. But no more than e.g. 800,000 (!) bombing raids on Laos in 1964-73, dropping more bombs than in the whole of WWII. Understandably it's hard to get precise figures, or any kind of figure, for killing on such a huge scale. You guys don't bother counting these days. Do people born with birth defects from chemical weapons count? Killed with unexploded bombs after a 'war' - 20,000 in Laos alone since 1973. ... Did you hear they were using uranium bullets in the latest Iraq slaughter?! I wonder how long that will cause 'problems'. I guess I first learnt about most of this from Chomsky's earlier political books, and following up his references and reading elsewhere, until it was all too depressing and I had to stop. He wasn't making it up. The way he straight-facedly reports the grotesque pronouncements of officials, letting the facts condemn themselves, is not something forgettable. I found this source[0] saying 20 million after a moment's googling. (And a minute checking the site didn't seem obviously insane.) I'm no expert at all. I didn't think "millions" was particularly controversial. I don't think I've seen a total figure estimate before, but from the stuff I've read about Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, central America, Iraq x2 etc etc, I thought "millions" was pretty inarguable. Just read about all the places the U.S. has invaded/bombed/'interfered with' in the 20th C. You'll be doing well to make it halfway. Often because they were getting too democratic, not doing what the U.S. wanted, the "threat of a good example", that's the depressing thing. Then cover the whole thing up with propaganda so the U.S. public thinks it was all in a good cause. Pretty sickening. Do you only count 'domestic' human rights abuses? And 'non enemy combatants'? So if they fight back, their human rights aren't abusable or something. (Or they just slaughter whole villages and say they were enemy soldiers. See wikipedia page on Vietnam casualties) And I guess 'directly caused' means if the U.S. gets rids of democracy and installs a dictator (e.g. Iran), and sells them weapons, like they did so many times in the 20th C, (and probably graduates of U.S. torture school) well, anything bad that happens later isn't 'directly caused' by the U.S.? Anyway. Oh also Scott Noble's documentaries are available on his site[1], some covering aspects of this subject. I think they're excellent, also very depressing, although they feature some very inspiring people. [0] https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-has-killed-more-than-20-mil... [1] http://metanoia-films.org/films/ Maybe I should have asked a question, I'm curious. Which countries did you mean?