> As a user, ... I like to ... and expect ... Sorry, but the format made me laugh. Mozilla does have some way of dealing with bugs in sites. They're maintaining a site/database which Firefox consults for workarounds. More info: https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/cd1lob/how_firefox_... Very pretty. > on the 100th or so Python stacktrace Go's not perfect in this respect, either. I had your typical map[string][]interface{}, because the data in the map was an array of records, but different records in different cases, and made an error in an append(), so ended up with nested arrays. That's correct according to the type definitions, but unwanted. Generic could have helped here. So I think the language still needs to grow a bit. It depends on the representation. If the representation is in the FSA format (state, character, state), it becomes nearly trivial. I didn't verify it, but my intuition says that can't be done with a CFG; it seems at least context-sensitive. The first 19th century book to impress me was Nicholas Nickelby by Dickens. It's a British sort of "Les Miserables", A Christmas Carol style. And my wife reads Pride and Prejudice at least once a year. It's a surprisingly modern book, very much worth reading if you don't mind the romance. So be it. Traveling everywhere every time you want isn't a human right. It's a luxury. Until Zuckerberg changes his mind, or something else happens. Then it's back to bitching about governments failing to protect your rights. Money is power, as you imply, and I don't want any of it in Zuckerberg's hands. I have functions that have to deal with hierarchical data objects, JSON like things. All collections are identically typed (although they have optional fields, different length arrays, etc.), but there is more than one type. In order to write simple code, I wanted to write one function that gets them from the database, one to update a single record, one to notify of changes, etc. So my top-level type to cover all of these collections is map[string]interface{}, which in TypeScript would be Map . Then I ran unit tests, and sometimes a weird error cropped up. Turns out I made an error in an append: instead of concatenating two arrays, I added the second array as the last element of the first. That was a time consuming bummer. This problem could have been prevented by two approaches: copying every function for every type, or generics. Go is a nice language, which makes some tasks easy to implement, almost fool proof, but it still lacks in other areas.