This is nothing new; letting an optimizing compiler do the heavy lifting has been the general-case recommendation for a long time now. But there are still circumstances where it's necessary to write assembly, particularly in things like real-time programming. Doesn't matter how good a job the compiler did on the overall program, if you can afford 16 cycles on an inner loop and the compiler spits out 24 then you've gotta hand-tune it. Going to take a wild guess that this is "Begin, A Tactical Starship Simulation" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Begin_%28video_game%29 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNdDROtrPcQ&feature=kp Pretty neatly conveys the feelings on this topic. It's impressive how many words and charts a government agency needs to use to say "listen to the dreamers once in a while". Frankly not a very self-critical piece. It's pretty obvious why a lot of ideas get squashed - the CIA is at the core a political organization like any other, there's things that the leaders want to hear and things they don't. You don't need a big chart and buzzwords ("hedgehog/groundhog/brown fox/red fox"), you need institutional reform and de-politicization. Unlimited free energy means we eventually global-warm our planet through waste heat. Works out at about 10% the potency of greenhouse gasses per MW. I get a little bit of heartburn over running arbitrary scripts downloaded from internet websites. The easiest alternative is to run "curl ", download the script, take a peek at the source, and only THEN follow up with the sh. I mean, you're probably going to see a bunch of "download and install" commands, so you don't get much reassurance if you're worried that one of THOSE might be compromised too. But that's a problem inherent to unsigned internet installer scripts. At least you've somewhat mitigated the possibility that it's dumping your private SSH key to a server somewhere or some other blatantly malicious command. On the other hand, the script might also include appropriate SHA1 verification commands, or be setting up a repository in a package manager, in which case it's pretty reasonable to trust the script. Well, the Unix approach to this is a sandbox application and a shell application, not a sandboxed shell application. Docker attempts many of those tasks. On windows there's Sandboxie, which does more or less what you want as well. It creates a sandbox whose filesystem and internals can be modified by sandboxed applications without affecting the state of the REAL filesystem. Very nice utility for mitigating bad programming - I often use it to run multiple copies of applications that crash or refuse to launch multiple instances. I have not used the other two for comparison, but Paint.Net is my go-to recommendation for casual graphics editing. It's not Photoshop or Illustrator, of course, but all the features you need for basic photo adjustments and light-duty layout type stuff. At a glance, Krita looks pretty nice for doing artworks from scratch. The government isn't responsible for utilities tending towards monopoly - it's a natural outcome of any market with small unit costs and high barriers to entry. For a self-proclaimed libertarian, you're ignoring a very basic tendency of market systems. Natural monopolies are Econ 100 level stuff, and utilities are the textbook example. As a working definition, a piece of hardware really isn't useful if another piece of hardware will do the same task better, at a lower cost. You can run a low-power PC and check your email like it's 1980 just fine, and these days they're VERY cheap. A $30 5W Raspberry Pi is more than capable of running 'mail' on the command line. For a bit more power, quad-core 1.6ghz ARM SOCs are about $60-70. For fileserver type stuff, a 15W Liva with a Baytrail-M can be had for $115, or you can build out a full quad-core mini-ITX for something like $175. The reduced power usage very quickly amortizes the cost of the hardware. If you would save 200W by retiring a dinosaur - that's $17.28 per month of 24/7 usage. If you've got a Rpi on for 4 hours per day checking your email - it amortizes out within 10 months. This totally ignores the additional headaches associated with old, failing, unsupported hardware. You yourself described it as a "sinister amount of maintenance and stress". You can make a philosophical argument here that a piece of hardware is never truly dead if it'll still push bits, but be honest here - if you're running up your power bill to avoid spending $100 on new hardware, if you're putting up with a PITA system for the heck of it - it's not useful , it's your hobby . Hobbies are fun, I think it's fun to keep old gear going too, but be realistic about the merits of such activities.