Even if you could find the original crypto header, You still need to know the password to unlock it. On iphones, the secure enclave will hold the decrypted key while its running but you need to enter the password after a reboot. This is exactly the kind of thing that is often done. Some software will just treat all months as having 30 days because it simplifies logic massively and doesn't cause that much of an issue. Also if someone had the technical capability to do this. I would be infinitely more concerned about them having an exploit which allows them to hack my next phone and grab all the data while its running. >No, there is no way to do what you're describing It could be done in a p2p way like windows updates. By default they will share update files to other devices on the local network and can also work with other devices over the internet. A bunch of plugged in iphones on wifi would be perfectly capable of distributing update files. I'm not sure how it would be crippled. Say they cap it so your iphone will upload 10% of the amount it downloads for an update. Right away we just took 10% of the load off the main Apple servers and very few people would be affected by uploading 100MB of a 1GB update over wifi. I'm not suggesting the whole thing become p2p, but that the p2p network assist the dedicated distribution servers. For me, just the local p2p would halve the number of updates pulled from Apples servers because there are 2 of the same apple product on the same local network. Obviously Apple doesn't need to do this because they are flawlessly pushing out updates every week but if they were struggling with distribution, this is a proven working system that windows uses. In this situation they could stagger the updates over the night. If you look at the network usage graphs from ISPs and such you can see that downloads drop to about 5% of the network capacity at the 00:00 - 06:00 times. There is a lot of spare capacity to push out updates at night which uses a tiny amount of data compared to the video calls and streaming that go on during waking hours. As a side note, upload rates seem to be somewhat constant at all hours. I assume it must all be IoT security cameras. On the other hand. Big tech companies forcing 2GB updates on people pushes demand for upgraded internet infrastructure. At least Google and Linux are making plans and first moves to a safer language that helps avoid these major security flaws. Windows just does this out of the box which seems to work pretty good. You have two options currently: iOS: Never ending zero days but you get an update for every device in the last 7-10 years to fix it. Android: A more secure OS especially as they integrate more components using rust. But if your device is older than 2 years, you won't receive any security fixes. So depending on your security model it changes what you should pick. If you are a high target individual or someone who upgrades their phone every year, Android is the more secure option. If you are the average person who is not being hit with state level attacks, iOS is the most secure option.