I'm the author. When I add new content, I'll make a note of it on my blog here: journal.stuffwithstuff.com. You can watch the RSS feed for that to see when new stuff is up. I'm talking to a publisher right now, so it might be a little while before the next chapter is done, but hopefully I can get things squared away soon and get back to cranking out text. My book aims to cover sort of the code-between-the-features. It won't teach you too much about AI, physics, etc. (there are plenty of other books for that), but I hope it will help you get those systems to hang together gracefully. > the language implementation is incredibly easy to read and understand. Thanks! After wading through an SML compiler whose author apparently thought single-letter variables and no documentation was perfectly fine in a language that doesn't even have fucking type annotations, I figured the least I could do to advance the state of the art was make the code legible. This is from hazy memory, but I stated that because I think GCC, Clang, MS's C# compiler, and javac all use hand-rolled parsers. Go is supposed to be minimalist. Every language is designed according to that rule. No language designer thinks, "Let me just slap some extra unneeded stuff in there." They just differ on what they consider necessary. In Go's case, I think many of the things they've omitted from the language are actually useful features and they've just pushed the complexity onto the users. For example, no exceptions just ends up meaning "if err != nil { return nil; }" everywhere. I do think D is probably closer to where my heart is. I think my ideal low-level language is a bit like C + some of ML's type system. I think it may be possible to get that without being as heavyweight as D, but I'm not sure. I agree completely. I had a note to discuss that (and globals, eww!) but I cut it because honestly that post was too long already. Yeah, at the time, I found his explanation uncompelling: which means you should have the choice to do efficient things, if you know what you're doing. That directly clashes with other design choices in Go. For example, taking the address of a variable on the stack implicitly puts it on the heap (at performance cost) to protect you from accidentally using the pointer after that function returns. If you're worried about it and you really care: don't pass a pointer, pass a value. ...and pay the performance penalty of doing not just a copy, but a deep copy, simply because the language doesn't have const. Constructors are easy to write in GO: Maybe I didn't clarify it enough, but I tried to explain my problem with initialization functions in the "Future-proofing" section: "If you later need more complex initialization, you’ll have to replace every new(Foo) call with NewFoo()." An exception-like mechanism has been proposed: Yes, and implemented and put in the language and referenced in the post. I'm not crazy about panic and defer for reasons spelled out a bit here: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/du9zu/the_langu... Circular data structures where you need to simultaneously initialize two values to each other are the common case where this is problematic. To me, that's a fairly rare edge case and you can easily handle it using mutable variables and option or maybe types.