Hello, and thanks for your feedback! We're sorry to be less exciting, but we do indeed only index the historified sites, otherwise the noise would be too much for historious to be of any usefulness. Luckily the cost of bookmarking a page is really low (just one click), so you can do it as often as you like! The extension is open source, you can download and run it yourself if you don't trust the packaged one: http://bitbucket.org/Stavros/historious.crx Thanks! When were computers fast enough? Each computer I've gotten is exactly as fast as the previous one, from the 100 MHz pentium I had in 97 to the quad core I have now. Programs do more things, but that's why the speed has remained the same. My only hope that this will change is with SSDs. I swapped my laptop's SSD for a HDD and now it's a dog, which reminded me how big the difference in performance is. Well, it's only good if it's making you money... 1) The factory owner should have been happy with the bill, given that it was what six minutes of downtime cost him. 2) "I have found the problem, the fix will cost $10,000. Should I proceed?" The gun does the exact same thing the picks do, only with less flexibility and more easily. I don't see why a locksmith who had picks handy already would have to run out to get the gun when you told him you didn't need the show. He should be able to scrape it with the proper pick regardless... Although, I realise I'm probably just nitpicking. Then you won't like the Greek version of that proverb, which makes little to no sense: "Whoever has the fly gets flied." The difference is that you're scanning, they're aggregating. Scanning is O(logn), aggregating is O(n). I remember trying for hours to understand Adaboost before it all clicked (it's an ingenious algorithm, by the way). The paper could certainly do with some more explanation, rather than just "this is the weight updating function, this is the evaluation step, done". Basically, bottle was here and things were good, and then Armin decided to announce Flask as an April Fools joke and ate poor bottle's lunch. Bottle and Flask are similar enough, but I think Flask has more momentum and support. It works with our oven's alarm clock if I hum, regardless of frequency, I seem to recall.