i.e. paper has higher resolution, and is more readable than a pair prototype glasses? I think so too. The title is needlessly incendiary. Explain to me, exactly, step-by-step. How forcing little suzy to click 2 times by having to use safari, instead of 1 click inside the app. Would stop the problem you're mentioning. You'd make an awesome politician: Can't answer the question? No problem! Ask yourself a different question and proceeed to answer that one instead! Slipery slope: Wow, how could the [Apple] products really need to cost $[600]? It's buttons with a touch screen. Honestly, it sounds likelY that [HTC] is infringing. In our copyright system, unfortunately you have to pay or you have to wait for it to expire for cheaper options. However, it wasn't worth it to me, as part of the Public, to give [Apple] exclusive rights to those ideas, especially if they're going to sell them for that price. This could be one way of getting around an "Internet kill-switch" I hope you realize that's a non-sequitor. The hypothesis was people only care about the iPad - not tablets. Which is laughable because a significant proportion of the market cares about non-iPad tablet. What does profit have to do with what people care about? Take a look at the Galaxy Nexus (the phone in question) and tell me which Apple design or patent it infringed. (Bear in mind the unified search patent has prior art - by Google to wit, and is likely to be invalidated) I see this stuff on here all the time, except it's usually $LANGUAGE vs PHP, and it's usually condoned/encouraged. United Launch Alliance competes directly with SpaceX. ULA comprises Lockheed and Boeing. Thanks for the awesome tool! I've found it handy on more than one occasion to trace jQuery/vanilla JS listeners. Any plans for Dojo support? Microsoft recently filed an amicus brief supporting Oracle's position on API copyright. I wouldn't speculate that this is the motive, but it would be interesting if Microsoft is pressured into using Google APIs