Do what WordPress.com does - only show ads to people who come in from search engines AND don't have a "I've been to WordPress.com before" cookie. That way your regular users will never see an ad, but the people most likely to click on ads (external visitors in "search mode") will. Make sure your regulars know that this is going on though, or they may feel you are being dishonest with them. My impression was that they moved to asp.net when they were having scaling problems and Microsoft promised them free consulting to solve those problems... provided they switched to .NET. For me it's all down to philosophy. Prototype adds a bunch of global variables and extends loads of built-in ojbects. That's fine, unless you ever want to include code that has a different idea about how any of those extensionss should work (like mooTools, which I also avoid on philosophical grounds). jQuery adds just one global variable (called jQuery) along with a revertible alias (the $ symbol). That pretty much guarantees jQuery will work flawlessly with any other code. Read Cal Henderson's book "Building Scalable Web Sites". The JavaScript you described exists - it's called dojox.comet, and it looks like this: dojox.cometd.init(' http://example.com/cometd' ); dojox.cometd.subscribe('/channel', callback); That's basically what you described, but with the additional concept of "channels" to make it easy to support lots of different event streams. I wrote more about this here: http://simonwillison.net/2007/Dec/5/comet/ I disagree: just like Ajax, Comet is a very necessary buzzword. The technology behind Comet existed for years before the term "Comet" was coined, but very few developers were aware of it because there wasn't a good term for it. The same is true of Ajax. In fact, Comet was coined precisely because the term "Ajax" had had such a large influence on adoption of the underlying technology. Vocabulary is important. I've implemented it, and I use it on a handful of sites that support it (various blogs, Highrise, BlinkSale). Looks nice. Dumb feature request: how about custom subdomains? http://subject.linkherd.com/ suggests more of a standalone community than linkherd.com/subject . I've used wildcard DNS for this kind of thing in the past (e.g. simon.idproxy.net ) OpenID support would be nice too ;)