This is fantastic, great job! Two years of OS updates and three years of security updates. The devices that google had and weren't using Qualcomm CPU got updates for a lot longer (e.g Nexus Player). It gets very, very annoying for Google to try to support phones that use CPUs that don't update or release anything anymore. Please explain. > consumers would dump those ISPs in favor of others. Competition does not exist in the US for ISPs. > Some Companies Take Up More Bandwidth Than Others. They pay for that bandwidth and we pay for the connection. Asking companies to pay more so they're not artificially throttled does not make sense in the actual world of the internet. > The Government Still Allows Discrimination In Traffic. Saying because there is vague language in NN we need to get rid of it entirely does not make any sense what so ever. You don't demolish a building because the window is broken. > Barriers to Entry Are Created NN removes barriers to entry for many startups that simply can't pay the "troll bridge" of the ISPs. > Technological Stagnation These ISPs that are for the removal of NN were given billions of dollars in tax breaks to make the internet better in the US. NN has nothing to do with development of the internet, and using Europe as an example is pretty stupid. Europe has NN, they also have heavy governmental regulation in terms of the last mile. Saying NN is bad because it doesn't solve that problem is like saying oranges are bad because they can't power your car. It's a totally different matter. > Internet Taxes Could Happen If these taxes are used to deploy more public owned fiber lines, I'm all for it. > Content Restrictions From The Government NN has nothing to do with this. Can't you export your contacts? Most of them come with the email too. I've used firebase before, the default settings have proper read and write settings per user. So are you implying monetization make you all the adjectives you stated? Does someone have a nice guide to do full disk encryption, and other recommendations so that we can at least be a little certain our data isn't being tampered with? The problem is the deep integration between iCloud and Apple devices. Lots of stuff can't be just backed up to a different cloud provider/do locally. You need to document it better. Right now this just looks like a side project that is forgotten. Nothing against you, but good documentation is necessary for acknowledgement and adoption.