Is that using the latest mainline kernel? Burning cds/dvds is still a very convenient and dense affordable form of offline storage for backups and/or content hoarding. SD cards are not intended for long-term archival purposes, not 10+ years. They don't go bad per se, but the data on them may not be readable after slowly discharging offline in cold storage for a decade or more. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_rot#In_storage My personal experience has been surprisingly good even with cheap TDK CDRs I burned in the 90s still reading just fine decades later. For especially valuable data you want to preserve for 100+ years, there are "archival quality" discs [0] [1]. [0] http://mam-a-store.com/goldcdr.html [1] https://www.mediasupply.com/mamgold.html The last 10-15 years has transformed Santa Cruz into something I barely recognize anymore. It used to be really great. Abundant free parking, a huge multistory used book store (Logos), and a house turned cozy coffee shop overflowing with college students where you could spend entire days studying/working without going broke (The Perg) and without being a jerk occupying one of the few tables at the Starbucks or Peets. The last time I went there ~2 years ago I couldn't find any free parking other than the grocery store lot, and the coffee shops were hipster cafes without outlets and overpriced everything on very limited menus. At least there's still the Red Room. I'd like to know where the students go to study now instead of The Perg. I hope they're not paying through the nose at Verve Coffee. The free parking had a significant impact on what kind of people you encountered in town. I lived in a redwood forest near the coast at the time, so what Santa Cruz offered in those areas didn't really affect me. I didn't go to Santa Cruz to see redwoods or the ocean, I went for the quirky town and to hang out around interesting people in a nearby urban center (I lived in Butano SP). I guess if you were hostile to hippies living out of their vehicles parking in town and being visible on the sidewalks and at cafes like the perg. The town has changed since then, there's a lot more traffic and yuppies everywhere. The loss of free parking is just one symptom of how the place has changed. There's a lot more people and money now. It's not like the elimination of free parking has reduced the number of cars in town, it's changed the kind of people parking there. The lots still fill up, just instead of run down vans and RVs/buses and beater student vehicles it's more nice expensive vehicles. I fully expect downtown Santa Cruz to look like downtown Burlingame in the future, complete with polished stone pavers for parking spaces. That's the trajectory they're on when I last visited. > Don't live in the redwoods it's why we have fires. And I'm not sure what you're upset about here your nature destroying frontiersman fantasy is still very much alive in Bonny Doon It wasn't illicit, the area around the park isn't well defined and there's plenty of private property out there which the park's trails run straight through. I don't know what you're talking about WRT "frontiersman fantasy", my downtown Santa Cruz complaints have absolutely no relation to a frontiersman fantasy. How long is SLC flash good for? Archival quality optical discs are marketed as having a 300+ year lifespan. I've never viewed SD cards as something appropriate for long-term offline storage, is SLC flash exceptional in this regard? I was comparing the convenience of optical to tape, which is bulky and annoying, and in my experience quite unreliable. You don't even need to personally know CA-17 commuters, just try drive CA-17 during commute hours. Over last 10-15 years it's become very congested. And this doesn't even capture the many tech folks who have the luxury of working either 100% remote or commute to the office once a week.