"Moreover, you're forced to write artificially short routines, routines of a length that research has shown to have a higher defect ratio" [citation needed] So far I've only seen advice to write shorter routines. Oh, no, no more ads please. I will gladly pay just not to have something taking the real estate of my screen and trying to interrupt. I am with 37signals take on this: asking money for your work IS ok! http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1615-how-did-the-web-lose... And before jumping either to CSS hacks or CC remember that often there are ways to avoid hacks altogether. As Andy Budd once told at his talk at @media conference in London it is so sad that too many webdevs think that CSS hacks is the normal way to do things. They are not. Instead of thinking "what hack shoul I use to fix it?" one should first think "how can I rework it to fix it in IE without hacks?". When there are no hacks there is no problem of "where do I put my hacks in?" to solve. I think I have used only one hack: _width to solve broken box model in IE5 (which is no longer relevant. And I don't count setting display: inline on float to avoid double margin bug in IE6 as a hack.) I just wonder how many 5 years business plans written in 2007 had "the global financial crisis" item in them. So much of planning. Flying with your eyes covered by a paper with some wishful thinking on it isn't any better. What? Some random guys put nonsense like "37 signals is not committed blah blah blah" and 37signals should be polite with those bastards? And in case you missed the news, 37signals' main income is not ads on their blog, they have pretty successful web app business. Posting that for "generating page views" sounds ridiculous if you know at least a bit about the company which posted it. For startes GetSatisfaction accused 37s of not caring for their customers. Publicly. I think it takes a malicious amount of ignorance to come up with the text they did. And this is hardly an open letter, reads more like PR spin. I think they've missed "Internet Explorer 8.1 leaked": http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/03/31/breaking-internet... Though technically that would be March 31st fools… Far from it. Daring Fireball—best writing abbout all things Apple you can find on the net. When I see DF post marked with a star in my RSS reader I know that high quality read waits for me, with some work, thought and insight put into it. Or maybe I am just a DF fanboy… Speed is very important. However: how much time does server spend running your Ruby code? I think I saw somewhere it is about 5% of the request time. There is DB, network latency, all the client side cruft (twitter did not get even assets caching right yet). Article says they are leaving Ruby in place for the front end, so most likely they do understand where bottleneck is, and where it has nothing to do with a language. I just hope that other won't jump to porting their code without understanding the reasons. It should be pretty embarrassing to spend six month porting the codebase just to find out that reducing time server spends in your app code from 5% to 1% did not impact the overall speed of your site. It would be interesting to see more details about those queue processing problems they have though.