I have a very simple question: What would happen if they tried to sue a developer in a country that doesn't consider software patents valid, and in which their patent has the worth of decorative piece at most? Said developers aren't interested in coming to USA, either. I wonder how the hell did they focus on Misaka and upskirts... cause anyone who read/watched the material would know, that the running gag is that her clothing makes any try at pantyshot futile... and thus doesn't really care about moving in a way that would normally expose her. I guess my astonishment comes from the fact that to me, the name reminds me not of a minor gag, but rather of the mentally-broken, war-torn 13~14yo who could take over any computer system, and use coins (and other conducting materials) as hypervelocity projectiles (thus her nickname, "Railgun"). So... once again, media jumping to worst possible interpretation? ... I am sorry, but that's very untrue. As it happens, not every language is implemented using runtime written in C/C++, nor does every language modules written in C/C++ to extend it instead of FFI. Dealing with libraries written in C++ without C API is one of the worst PITAs in my experience, leading to crazy things like KDE's SMOKE (which, to make it funnier, has bad documentation, so I'm still unsure if I can make it work outside Qt's object model) At that speed, it could easily cut through the rather delicate construct that is an airliner's wing, especially close to tip as it did. The simulation also didn't agree with facts, without proposing anything regarding why it the plane might end up where it was found. Pity the facts, right? Because "accident" is how you call such disasters? Also, people in the industry knew the less-than-sterling reputation of governmental transport service. EDIT: I should clarify that "accident" is a specific class of event in aircraft accident investigation, together with "incident". It's literally "aviation terminology" stuff. Except it's not 100 tons of steel. It's a very delicate structure of tons of parts, and the part that got damaged wasn't the most resilient (nor did it account for 100 tons of steel). Breaking into pieces happened when the whole plane hit the ground in the worst possible (for airliner) way - upside down. At over 180 km/h. A big problem is that the newer stack is not homogenous - the applications deployed on Dyno have much, much bigger variability than the old "Rails/Rack only" stack of Heroku. Meanwhile GAE stack is fully controlled by Google and reuses, afaik, their impressive "google scale" toolchest that goes from replacement naming systems, through monitoring, IPC, custom load balancing etc. While F5 and similar offer nice hw for that, I'm not sure if their hw (or HAProxy's software) supports the architecture type used by Heroku (many heterogenous workers running wildly different applications with dynamic association of worker to machine etc.) FB is a ghost town for me, despite having bigger amount of "friends" there than on G+... The difference is that the occasional content on FB is utterly lost between tons of "apps" and ads, to the point that I can count the amount of times I visited FB in 2012 on fingers. FB's last "pro" is Messenger... which I use actually to talk to only one person. Quebec's case is rather their laws regarding contests, lotteries etc. Basically any contest from outside Canada won't give a damn about working all of those rules in (if it's even possible at all), so they are simply banned from essentially all international competitions of this kind :)