In fact, the fact that a letter could not encrypt to itself was part of the weaknesses of the Enigma machines used by the Germans during WWII, which eventually led to its breakage. It seems to me that this could be improved with a few handy shortcuts. Because it is actually running your commands in an actual interpreter, executing unplanned commands is only a problem because you can't input it. Having a few keystrokes to go back, edit/enter a command, go to line N, would make this problem disappear. Or do it the other way, and have a keystroke insert the next line from your script. Like Ctrl-R, but at the speed of my typing. How easy is it to generate the level from the set of tiles? I don't suppose you can name this magical institute that has more women applicants and staff? The fact that they are providing a rating instead of preference doesn't in any way prevent them from overcompensating. gRPC is not necessarily the magical tool everyone would like to believe. It is mostly developed by Google with a lot of magic in it. For instance, in Python using gRPC is totally incompatible with multiprocessing (meaning: it will crash both processes) and has been for a year (1.4.0...1.8.4), because of all the C logic (and multiple threads) running behind it. I for one am glad they didn't go towards custom protocols with single complex implementations, towards something that can be assembled easily from standard components. Using a blurred version of the whole image as background is probably better than what the OP is doing, as I understand it he's treating the background as a single fixed color. In particular my use case is cleaning up pictures of whiteboards, where the brightness from the room is not as constant as a scan, and the approach wouldn't work at all. Probably an easy PR for that repo though? Maybe I'm confused, but how this announcement from Facebook contain personal data? Twitter used to have RSS versions of every profile, accessible through api.twitter.com without credentials. It was awesome. They retired it years ago... I took the time to make a proxy (Twitter API to RSS), and though I did write a few more, a lot more services still provide feeds (such as YouTube, Reddit, Steam, GitHub) than I thought they would. RSS is still going strong. Isn't that where they are doing with the "paid subscriptions"? Twitch has that already with the "subscribe" and "bits" buttons.