To add on to this, the creator of MONAIC - Bill Phillips - is easily the most badass economist/mathematician to have lived in the 20th century. He worked as a crocodile hunter and cinema manager in ANZAC and later moved to China during the Sino-Japanese War, but had to escape via the Soviet Union during the height of the Stalinist purges. Yet immediately after that he ended up joining the RAF and being posted in Singapore, which was then invaded by the Japanese, and he ended up being sent to a POW camp after being caught after trying to escape via Indonesia. During his time in the POW camp, he learnt Chinese, jerryrigged a secret water boiler for tea, and built a secret radio. Following WW2 he was then made an OBE due to his exploits in SEA. As if that wasn’t enough, he went back to school to study maths and Econ at LSE and ended up developing the epynomeous Phillips Curve that is the backbone of macroeconomics (and his coauthor won a Nobel for it since Phillip died before the recognition). If you think the MONIAC is interesting, it’s creator was also an interesting character. Bill Phillips - is easily the most badass economist/mathematician to have lived in the 20th century. He worked as a crocodile hunter and cinema manager in ANZAC and later moved to China during the Sino-Japanese War, but had to escape via the Soviet Union during the height of the Stalinist purges. Yet immediately after that he ended up joining the RAF and being posted in Singapore, which was then invaded by the Japanese, and he ended up being sent to a POW camp after being caught after trying to escape via Indonesia. During his time in the POW camp, he learnt Chinese, jerryrigged a secret water boiler for tea, and built a secret radio. Following WW2 he was then made an OBE due to his exploits in SEA. As if that wasn’t enough, he went back to school to study maths and Econ at LSE and ended up developing the epynomeous Phillips Curve that is the backbone of macroeconomics (and his coauthor won a Nobel for it since Phillip died before the recognition). The UoL External Programme still has the BSc Maths and Econ option - https://london.ac.uk/courses/mathematics-and-economics Having looked through the courses offered, I have to say that I am quite impressed. They are offering several interesting courses in Applied Math such as Game Theory, Optimization, and Statistical Inference. Overall it looks like a solid Applied Maths degree. Hinna hinna! Terry Davis (the creator and sole contributor) died almost a year ago sadly, so there haven’t been any updates. Your statement that the UK and France had a longer democratic history is patently false. France was an absolute monarchy until the French Revolution in 1789 (which was a major splitting point between the Adams, Jefferson, and Hamilton factions of the early United States), and the UK had a very limited form of franchise compared to the US until the Reform Act was passed in 1832, and even then it was still lacking due to the undue power of unelected, monarchy chosen House of Lords (though the US Senate as well didn’t have elections, but Senators were directly chosen by democratically elected governors) > Tim Cook will work closely with Chinese government officials to promote Tsinghua University's economics and management school Tsinghua is not a random Chinese school - it’s China’s Harvard. Luckily we do. They’re called the University of California system. At least California banned affirmative action in the 90s. Air Support - with the US withdrawal, there's been a decrease in that especially given the Aug 31st deadline. And India's not immediately interested in providing immediate air support as well (in order to try and make inroads with the Taliban, like all other nations in the region are) https://theprint.in/diplomacy/afghan-govt-wants-iaf-support-... https://theprint.in/defence/will-pull-india-into-a-vortex-wh... Companies like Gartner communicate with industry leaders in a segment to gain an understanding about the technology. These companies always have a couple ICs dedicated to Analyst relations, plus associated SEs, PMMs, and Engineering Leads spending time and educating analysts about the market space and associated features. Source - worked on the last 2 Magic Quadrants at an industry SME. Edit - grammar