I'm commenting here since I can't edit a Google doc at work. Maybe I misunderstand the question, but if we are talking about content-driven external-facing sites, the development platform is the wrong place to start the conversation. That implies building a CMS from scratch which is a terrible idea--it would take longer, cost more, be less secure, and less flexible, than using a well-established open source CMS. There's no reason to develop a custom web CMS from scratch anymore unless it is the core product of the company (examples: Reddit, Stack Overflow, Facebook, Twitter). Start with their content and then find an open-source CMS that can do what they want between the core functionality and any contributed modules. I'd make a slight correction and say that the point of publication is not so others can reproduce your work, it is so others can confirm your results. Exact reproduction can be problematic in science because if there was a flaw in the original experimental design or method, an exact reproduction could "confirm" that same flawed result. It's better if other scientists can learn enough to understand the result, and design their own experiments to confirm or disprove it. A super simple example is if I drop something and then report a value for gravitational acceleration. But what if I dropped a feather? If you simply reproduce the experiment, you'll get the same (wrong) result. Whereas if you select your object to drop, there's a better chance you'll pick something denser and get a different result. Your conclusion seems to be: why do we need peer review if the results are this bad? But an alternative perspective might be: think of how much worse things would be _without_ peer review. Yes but their hardware always comes preloaded with software and services. Since they don't sell "naked" hardware, there's really no way to parse the value proposition. For what it's worth, Steve Jobs said multiple times at the D conference that in his mind, most of the value comes from the software...the hardware enables it and is the "pretty box". In my daily life there are 10 devices I might use to access email. Instead of spending time to configure IMAP and/or SSH on every device, I just log into Gmail and get shit done the same way in all 10 places. About 10 years ago I was working for a consultant and ran a research project on pen-based computing. We learned that most people who were happy with pen-based computers had gotten them at a steep discount. They felt that the products had shortcomings but that was ok because they were so cheap. The only two exceptions--pen-based computing products that had found significant success at their MSRP--were Wacom and Palm/Handspring. The key to the mystery was handwriting recognition. 100% recognition is impossible, even for humans. But while we accept human misses, there is pretty much no tolerance for misses in a computing interface. With a miss, the value of the pen input (speed and natural feel) is lost in the need to correct. Wacom succeeds because it does not even try to do handwriting recognition. Palm/Handspring succeeded by inventing new motions for per-letter entry that people had to learn (called Graffiti). This reversed the user expectation: if the recognition failed, many users would assume it was their own fault for not doing the Graffiti entry properly. They wouldn't blame the machine, so their opinion of its value did not suffer. Styluses are still hugely popular for animators, artists, and some graphic designers. Wacom is still going strong. But any computer that relies on a stylus for text entry is probably doomed to fail. The "Internet connected refrigerator that manages food for you" has been an example of this sort of thinking for at least 10 years, and it's no closer to being something that anyone actually wants. Most of these only really took off once PARC shared them with other people and companies. If Google is willing to subsidize a free refrigerator for me so they can serve ads on it, I will consider it. :-) I haven't read the book, but is the thesis of this discussion that the book is fatally flawed because Isaacson didn't challenge Bill Gates on the details of how NeXTStep evolved into OS X? This doesn't really seem like THE crucial moment in the entire life of Steve Jobs.