mmap of course? Light is the only thing thats done it for me, ever. In high school I made myself get up and turn on a light, which was permission to go back and lie on the bed for another 15 minutes. Without light, I've never been able to get up. The funny part is I sometimes forget this for extended periods of time and suffer awfully trying to get up in the morning. Ah! One of my favorite topics! Inkboard was a fork of inkscape that was an experimental collaborative whiteboard. It uses XMPP, and some pieces of it were merged into Inkscape proper well after the fact. Coccinella is a perl/tk IM client that uses XMPP to do whiteboarding. shit was at 75% less than a week ago, of the 10k it was requesting. talk about a fast shift. Threaded model has two detractors; Foremost, context switching. This is a non-trivial process: on-die caches get flushed, virtual memory has to get re-mapped, registers re-loaded. This is by definition lost time, time the OS is spent not doing your workload. If the number of context switches gets too large, a system is spending an inordinate amount of time performing context switches, and less time doing "real work" inside threads. You cite two isues, slow and not scaling. Second, memory usage. Each thread has its own stack space, which consumes a fixed memory size. As to "slow" and "does not scale;" slow is relative; the amount of time spent context switching is very dependent on a variety of workload factors. Threading _can_ be slow. Scaling, on the other hand, is less unequivocal. A quarter million active threads, each doing very little, is not a good thing: too much memory, too many context switches, and too high a latency. The problem is not threading per se. It's pre-emptive multi-threading, where a programs state is transparently pulled from the CPU by the OS and serialized to someplace else, and another programs state is de-serialized and loaded in transparent; that is, without the loaded or unloaded program knowing. Erlang and tasklets are examples of userspace or lightweighs threads where pre-emption is not permitted, and the context switching penalty is negligible. Instead of threads being ignorant, and being preemptively swapped in and out, they are coordinated and actively yield themselves back to the scheduler, thereby reducing the context switching penalty. ryah immediately posted the following series of tweets, to such effect: "Thanks-some valid criticisms. The story doesn't stop at the process boundary. Concurrency through Spawning&IPC should be discussed" "ie, "actors", although not explicitly given that name, are baked in. I just don't feel then need to put them inside the same process." asked about impl discussion; "Not really. It's not fancy: unix socks, no framing protocols, no RPC daemons. But using what's there is a valid concurrency solution." the particular danger i'd cite w/r/t JS is that its a much more flexible language than many, and that there's not the same level of entrenched best practices and tooling to enforce best practices. in other words, everyone knows JS, granted, but they know very different styles of it. consider the plethora of means of doing inheritance that exist for JS. There are features you miss by relying on IPC. UNIX Sockets are zero copy, sure, but you still lose performance doing the marshal/unmarshal tasks, and that could be largely avoided using shared immutable memory. I'd much rather node have a multi-threaded Web Workers implementation of nodejs that uses immutable shared memory for message passing. Not coincidentally, I'd much rather push the real distributed scaling problems (such as coordination and marshalling/demarshalling) up to a much much higher level in my application stack. As it stands now, I need multiple marshal/unmarshallers, for the IPC layer and the app's scaling-out/distributed layer. the entire point was that it's not mapreduce, it's a stream processing system. try http://wiki.s4.io/Manual/S4Overview#toc1 for a " what is S4 " intro. The architecture resembles the Actors model, providing semantics of encapsulation and location transparency, thus allowing applications to be massively concurrent while exposing a simple programming interface to application developers. and S4 is a general-purpose, distributed, scalable, partially fault-tolerant, pluggable platform that allows programmers to easily develop applications for processing continuous unbounded streams of data. go stream processing. also see Flume for related recent works. Any delay in rendering web pages is due to the network. many many webapps do not use the network, and any latency experienced comes from the page's own processing, the browser & the os.