Duh. What is a user supposed to think? If the cert can't be verified, the page should fail to load - the web site is broken. If company X can't figure out certificates, how is a user supposed to? If the API headers are copyrighted, wouldn't any program that uses them be a derivative work? In that light, every Java program is infringing. Every program on earth would be infringing something wouldn't it? I have to agree here. The default would be to dispose of his body in a traditional way. There could be arguments about burial or cremation or maybe some other tradition I don't know about, but no one thinks of thin-slicing the head as any kind of default in todays (or yesterdays) world. I find the question of how this got approved almost as interesting as the original story. I can only think of 3 ways to decide: 1) prior consent from a parent 2) just ask him even though his brain is not normal 3) politics. Debating the legitimacy of #2 is really just going with option #3. I was going to ask that same question but decided to read all the other comments first. That practice should be illegal IMHO. That is altering content. Creating derivative works? It'd clearly be anti-competetive if the replaced others ads with their own. I've been waiting for that and Built-in TV tuner for years. I don't think the carriers want that because you don't use their expensive data then. I'm on republic now, so I don't use carriers data anyway and TV would be great. Also as a special interest, allowing that FM tuner to go a little higher in frequency could pick up the aviation frequencies - every pilot would want one (that's not a huge market). It also looks like you need a different cartridge to measure each of those 5 things which would be terrible. Who nominated this former lobbyist for the FCC spot? And who voiced/voted their approval? Voters should know. The existence of the LGPL has always seemed liked a solution to what would otherwise be a grey area to me, and I thought FSF thought that too. Not sure they come down clearly on the one side. I know some of the Linux kernel people think that way too. Interesting. And a long history of not becoming wide spread. From TFA "Russell said he and his team had engineered the virus to make it more suitable for cancer therapy." I just assumed the term "suitable" really meant "profitable" but some of the comments indicate it was modified to target the cancer better (how so?). It seems the cost of trials and approvals is too high for a naturally occurring virus, so everyone wants to customize them so they become patentable. But we're talking about people who have been told "this disease is going to kill you." If a treatment causes even 5 percent of them to be cured, how is that not significant? What if 40 percent have tumors shrink? Remember, any reversal of the disease is a good thing. If you're just measuring a statistical increase in life span (say 3 years treated vs 1 year placebo), I'd say you're not really aiming high enough. If you've got something with real promise you'd know it without a control group. The person in this article is exactly such a case.