Always when such protests happen in Romania, all the TV shows and the other mass-media are invaded by various people, who benefit from the money stolen by the government, and who tell a huge number of lies designed to confuse the ignorant or weak-minded. Nevertheless, I was surprised to find such a person trying to influence an Internet forum in the USA, far from home. The lies said above by "Sylphine" are some of the most common lies used by the government propagandists at each protest, during the last 26 years. 1. All such protests, began as a response to some wrong action of the government. However the shills, e.g. "Sylphine", behave as if that action did not exist and say that the protests are instigated by political opponents, foreign corporations and so on, who want to overthrow the innocent government. It is true that the political opponents, e.g. the current Romanian president, always try to use such protests to gain advantages over the target of the protests. However, this has nothing to do with the cause of the protests. No politicians in Romania have enough influence to convince a really large number of people to protest just because they say so. 2. Another frequent lie is that from the message above, which attempts to present the two positions, of those that are pro & contra the government as being two equivalent positions. That is as if one would say that there are 2 equivalent theories, one claiming that 2+2=4 and the other claiming that 2+2=7, and that the truth must be somewhere between these 2 extreme theories. This is a lie. The counter-protest gathered not even 200 times less people, all who were obviously old and poor. They were unable to explain logically why they protest. It was obvious that someone has scared them with lies, e.g. that the opponents of the government want to decrease their pensions or salaries. Before the government introduced the changes in the penal Code that started the protests, they increased slightly the pensions and the small salaries. They hoped that this will make everybody happy so nobody will protest when they will achieve their main purpose of modifying the penal Code. While corrupt politicians are everywhere, including in the USA, I am not aware of any other case when they would have been so shameless as to give themselves the permission to steal from the public money, by law, as they tried to do in Romania. The text of the changes to the penal Code is public, so there is no doubt about their content. It is not possible to argue that any member of the government that voted these changes did not break his/her oath, which said that he/she will observe the Constitution and the Laws and he/she will protect the rights of the citizens (which include the right of property over the public money, which must not be stolen by those hired to administrate it). So the 2 positions are not equivalent, one is right beyond any reasonable doubt and the other is wrong beyond any reasonable doubt. This is reflected in the numbers, it is much easier to fool a couple thousand people (counter-protesters) than to fool many hundred thousand people (genuine protesters). The increase in the number of ECHR cases during a year suggests absolutely nothing about the government of that year. Almost all such cases are about trials that have a long history. Trials that have begun 10 years or more ago and that are not solved yet, are not uncommon. So whatever abuses are the subject of complaints, they might be the fault of a government of many years ago. As ECHR is reached after exhausting all other means, it is almost impossible for an ECHR case to refer to an abuse happened during the same year. Those benchmarks mean absolutely nothing, because they obviously knew almost nothing about the processors they were trying to use. 1. "Ryzen's AVX2 support is a bold-faced lie" To say this only shows complete ignorance. It was publicly known for many years that Ryzen will have only 128-bit AVX units, compared to the 256-bit AVX units of Haswell and its successors. Nevertheless, using AVX-256 is still preferable on Ryzen, to reduce the number of instructions, even if the top speed per core is half of that reached by Intel. 2. The benchmark results just show incompetence. While the top speed per core is half, the number of cores is double, so you just need to run twice more threads for a Ryzen to match the speed of Intel. It is true that an i7 7700K will retain a small advantage, because of higher IPC and higher clock frequency, but the advantage for correct programs is small, not like the large advantages of those incompetent benchmarks. I have both a 3.6 GHz /4.0 GHz Ryzen and a 3.6 GHz / 4.0 GHz Skylake Xeon, so I know their behavior from direct experience. While 4-core Intel retains a small advantage in AVX2 computations over 8-core Ryzen, there are a lot of other tasks, e.g. source program compilations, where Ryzen has almost a double speed, so you should choose your processor depending on what is important for you. 3. The most stupid benchmark results are for SHA-1 and SHA-256. Ryzen already implements the SHA instructions that are also implemented in Intel Apollo Lake processors (to boost the GeekBench results against ARM) and will also be implemented in the future Intel Cannonlake processors (whose 2-core version is expected to be introduced this year). If they had benchmarked a correct program that uses the SHA instructions, Ryzen would have trounced any Kaby Lake processor. I agree with these observations. Unfortunately the people who lived all their lives in North America and Western Europe are very naive about what the communist societies really were and they are not aware that during the last 25 years their countries have evolved continuously, becoming every year more and more similar to the former communist countries. This refers not only to surveillance, censorship and loss of rights, but also to the creation of quasi-monopolies in almost every domain. Most people seem not to realize that communism was not different from capitalism, but it was the worst form of capitalism, where everything was done by a monopoly. Not all ARMv7 have FMA, only the newer models. Models with FMA: Cortex-M4, Cortex-M7, Cortex-A5, Cortex-A7, Cortex-A15, Cortex-A17. I do not remember which Cortex-R have FMA. Models without FMA: Cortex-A8, Cortex-A9. The BMC is an ARM microcontroller that has complete access to everything, exactly like the Intel Management Engine, but the server vendors prefer a separate chip for the same job. What is described in the article is very easy to do by inserting a microcontroller on the SPI link that connects the BMC with the flash memory containing the BMC programs, which are copied from there to a RAM at boot. However, such a microcontroller would need 8 pins for at least 7 signals: ground, power, SPI clock and 4 SPI data, to and from BMC and flash memory. Nonetheless, 8-pin packages can be very small, e.g. 0.8 mm by 1.35 mm, i.e. only slightly larger than 1 square millimeter. So from a technical point of view, all is easily feasible. The problem is that it would require compromised people in several places at the subcontractors, because the design files for the PCB must be replaced wherever the PCB is made and in another place, at the PCB assembly, the pick & place document must be replaced and an extra reel with the backdoor component must be mounted on the equipment and that reel must come from somewhere else than from the normal suppliers of the assembly line without raising suspicions. It can be done, but many accomplices are required. Because most of the time the backdoor component will pass the SPI data signals transparently, it will not be detected at any electrical testing and the usual optical inspections are unlikely to detect such a small change. I am using many Supermicro motherboards, so I am wondering if this story is true. If it were true, it would not be much of a surprise, because they did not do something really novel but they just matched what USA also did, e.g. in the Cisco case. If you expected some hyperbole nonsense, it is obvious that the title was completely correct, because you had no idea who were those two. Among not too young users of FreeBSD or other BSD derivatives, it is well known that those operating systems have been partially based on 386BSD, which was written by the Jolitzes. Their role for BSDs is indeed as important as the role of Linus for Linux. While even inside the BSD community they are not as well known as Linus is elsewhere, that is normal, because their contributions ended after the first years, while Linus remained very active until now. I have started to use both FreeBSD and Linux in 1995, and until around 2003/2004 FreeBSD was much better. Then the BSD derivatives had very slow transitions to being able to handle multi-threaded and multi-core processors and also to handle more modern peripherals, e.g. GPUs, while Linux improved much faster than them. The 3rd and 4th are mutually exclusive. If you want the power consumption of a smartphone, you also have the computational speed of a smartphone, but that should be enough for many applications. I have experimented with a very large number of devices between NUC and Pi. While the best processors for such devices would be ARM processors (with Cortex-A76 or Cortex-A75), nobody offers adequate devices. You can find only devices with obsolete slow ARM processors, e.g. RK3399, which are much faster than Pi but much slower than x86, or you can find development systems or modules with modern smartphone ARM processors, but those are much more expensive than a faster Intel NUC. Therefore, for the moment the only sensible choices are devices with either Intel Gemini Lake processors or with Intel Y-Series processors. The devices with Intel Y-Series processors are much faster, but they are also more expensive. While Zotac has presented at CES one such device, its price and time of availability are unknown. For now, the only device available with Y-Series is "LattePanda Alpha". Considering that its price includes 8 GB RAM, 64 GB flash and the Windows licence (even if I wiped it and I installed Linux) it is cheaper than an i3 NUC where at the same price you have no memory. It has everything a NUC has, except that it has one less USB port (it has 1 C + 3 A, while some NUCs have 1 C + 4 A). I have installed in its 2 M.2 connectors a NVMe SSD and a second Ethernet interface. The speed was excellent, because the Kaby Lake CPU was configured for 7 W TDP with 15 W TDP for the first 28 seconds. The included fan does not start unless you run a heavy workload and even then it is silent. The size is smaller than a NUC but larger than a pico-ITX board. If you want something cheaper, or if you want, like me, both full-size DisplayPort & HDMI connectors (not DisplayPort on USB C), then you must choose a Gemini Lake device, i.e. either Zotac ZBOX PI335 Gemini Lake (with N4100, not to be confused with the obsolete ZBOX PI335 with N3350) or an ODROID H2. The ODROID H2 is faster and possibly cheaper (depending on the memory you buy or you already have; ZBOX has soldered memory), but it is larger. ODROID H2 is NUC-sized while PI335 Gemini Lake is pico-ITX sized. ODROID H2 has 2 Ethernet, but PI335 Gemini Lake includes WiFi & BT and it comes in a closed case which will protect it in dusty environments (both have passive cooling). PI335-GK uses a 5 V power supply, so it should be easy to be powered from a power bank. The CPU TDP is configured for steady state 6 W and 15 W for the first 28 seconds. The idle CPU power is less than 2 W. I have not measured the total idle power of the computer. With the CPU halted, the power consumption should be much less, but I have not measured it. Gemini Lake has a speed just a little less than a Snapdragon 845, but it is much faster than older ARM processors and than older Atom processors. While I agree that Dave Cutler was a very good OS engineer, it absolutely ridiculous to compare the work of an experienced OS engineer who already learned a lot by designing other operating systems and who also was free to design a new incompatible OS, with the work of an inexperienced senior student, whose purpose was just to reimplement the UNIX API's. Even if the Linux kernel has evolved internally a lot since then, it has remained constrained by the userland POSIX interfaces, some of which are obsolete. You cannot predict whether Linus, at his current age and experience (which only now are similar with those of Dave Cutler when designing Windows NT), would do a better or a worse OS than Dave Cutler, if he would be free to abandon everything else and to design a new incompatible OS, without legacy baggage. Even if it had a nice clean design, I do not remember anything really revolutionary in the initial Windows NT, at least in the features exposed to the users. Almost everything had a correspondence either in UNIX or in OS/2, but because NT could afford to be incompatible, most NT interfaces had various nice improvements, especially in asynchronous IO, event handling and security. Also because they were designed together instead of being accreted over a long time, the NT interfaces and types were much more consistent in the beginning, compared to UNIX. After other 25 years, Windows has accumulated again countless API additions and replacements, so the initial consistency is long gone. LibreSSL was not among the 9 libraries tested. Nevertheless, it is likely that LibreSSL has not replaced yet this part of complex code inherited from OpenSSL. In that case, LibreSSL would also be vulnerable.