You need attorney generals, which generally run on shoestring budgets, to be willing to criminally prosecute millionaires and billionaires who are likely going to drag court out forever and most likely walk anyways. It's much easier to pop a couple of low level guys for possession to make your numbers look better. My understanding is that they collect scan copies of massive amounts of mail meta-data. Specifically the stuff on the envelope, but not the contents within. The contents within are highly protected and would require a warrant. The problem with e-mail is that it's really difficult to analyze the metadata without also capturing the e-mail content. I subscribe to Netflix, Hulu+, and Amazon Prime. I find I rarely ever watch video on Amazon. I value it primarily for the free shipping and the video service is a bonus. $120/yr is a LOT of shipping. Especially when you actually look at how Amazon Prime products are clearly priced to include the shipping fees compared to the non-Prime versions of the same product. Israeli security is based on profiling, but not racial or religious profiling. They profile primarily on the nations you have passport stamps for. If you've been in a country that is known to harbor and train terrorists, you're gonna get the microscope. I feel like this is healthy profiling. I traveled in mid-December (between the holiday peaks) and I was able to enjoy a new "expedited security process we're testing" that was essentially the old metal detector only screening. Can we agree that, to a certain extent, both are necessary? I can't speak to their corporate support but as a consumer I've had issues with two Nexus devices and called them for support. The first was fixed by a factory reset and the second meant I needed a RMA. Both times the person on the other end of the line somewhat immediately recognized that I didn't need to be instructed to "plug it in." They asked me what I'd done already and moved forwards from there without making me (pretend to) re-do steps I'd already taken. While it's pretty crappy that I've had issues out of the box with 2 out of my 4 Google devices, the tech support has been great. I think this is reasonable as bad guys might have multiple accounts per person. Or a single warrant might be issued for the contents of two conspiring bad guys. I'd only be concerned if it was a dramatic difference. Given that there was never more than 1k in a 6 month period I think it's safe to say that at least with respect to FISA requests to Google there isn't wide-spread broadly scoped requests. That stuff is done via other mechanisms apparently. If you're pushing anything close to real bandwidth you're probably getting an individually negotiated price that is not public. IMHO the re-think wasn't too far off. Microsoft's tablet OS is pretty nice. It was just late to the game and needs a stronger app ecosystem but they're working on that. The UI for Win8 desktop was DOA. They really over-shot there but have taken what I feel are appropriate steps to mitigate some of the damage and I think we'll see a nicer, better solution come Win9.