Hopefully it's simply to obscure to get any kind of pre-order status. Yeah, the whole 34/68GB is all on a single beefy server. There are systems that let you access remote node's memory in a NUMA type system over fast interconnects, but they're _very_ expensive and have horrible latency. Look up INTERCAL. Brainfuck isn't too hard, just tedious. INTERCAL on the other hand was designed to be as big of a pain in the ass ass possible. People like to use the phrase "fighting with the compiler," but this is a language where the compiler is actually actively out to get you. : ) Well, in their defense, while someone may not be called an Autocad engineer, they can certainly be called civil engineer focusing on concrete stresses. Calling them an Autocad engineer would be like me calling you an eclipse or vi programmer. Ultimately I think we're confusing tool and end product here. I think you're missing the original point I was trying to make. Java and .Net aren't really the tools, they're the medium in which you work. Just like that civil engineer understands the trade offs invovled with different kins of concrete ad using it in different ways, the Java programmer understands the trade offs involved with the API and VM, in addition to generic CS tradeoffs. Look at the following two fake resume excerpts: Bob T. Builder : Civil Engineer with Emphasis in Concrete Stress ---Skills--- Autocad : Industry Used Physics Modeling Software Suzie M. Hacker : Java Programmer ---Skills--- Eclipse : Ant They seem roughly equivalent to me... Actually, I think he did it on a significantly less powerful system. Just an Athlon64x2 or similar. CUDA could speed it up considerably. Actually the DMCA has an exemption for allowing software interoperability. This sounds like exactly the situation that it was designed not to protect against. I totally disagree with the point of this article. It's (fairly) easy to add features until you're UI is cluttered. The hard part is making the decision between what features need to be added and which detract from your final presentation. In most cases, I've found that the right balance finds itself closer to minimalism than not. He's tried to, but it exploded all of the computers in a five mile radius. Now he has nothing to blog with. I can't think of a modern OS/ISA combination where that's the case. State will get saved on a kernel mode stack (if not somewhere else totally). This is because the stack pointer is controlled by user mode, and you don't want it to do something like set the stack pointer to some area in kernel space, and then invoke a software interrupt in order to overwrite privileged code or data.