Best book hands down for learning JS is called Simply Javascript from Sitepoint written by Kevin Yank and Cameron Adams. Justin.tv is alllll python. Not Ruby. Python baby. lynx, top, "curl -O " on my mac since it doesn't come with wget (who's dumb idea was that?) Thanks everyone for all of your info. Let me explain our situation and it might help some of you guys understand where I am coming from and where I am trying to go, as well as others out there in the same situation. Right now we're developing, as I mentioned above, in Django and use SVN for everything. We have DB's locally. From the get go we knew that there would be two major versions of our website. "Phase1" was fairly simple, the initial creation of the site and initial deploy into production. "Phase2" Was the next giant step, which was essentially (and we learned this as we went) going to be an entire redesign from the ground up. We pretty much touched every file, redesigned over half of our models, etc... So, we created a branch called phase2-development and continued working. This was a pain in the ass because we still had to run and maintain the older "phase1" code locally for bug fixes, etc.. as well as continue our future development of the "Phase2" code. We also ran into problems later on because we were fixing bugs in the trunk "Phase1" and not merging those as we went into our phase2-development branch. So at one point we spent an entire weekend merging code. We just launched our "Phase2" stuff a month or so ago, however, it wasn't all of the functionality we wanted in phase2 so we refer to it as phase1.5. Our head guy (more marketing/business xp. than tech came up with those names, so for all of us you can think of it as s/phase/version/g) So now we're about to dive fullspeed into actually completing phase2, and but we still need to be able to maintain and fix bugs on the production site. What should we do? I would rather not run two copies of the site but since the new development we're going to be doing is going to be even crazier than going from v1 to v1.5 so not sure if that's even possible. Should we just create anther branch and develop on that? I'm not even sure the correct questions to be asking here, maybe you guys can help me from what I've described :) Yeah, Capistrano is language exclusive, you can use it for anything. I have looked into it but never found it that exciting. I guess I need to revisit Capistrano :) Garrr. Yes, that's the word I was looking for. Thanks :) I vote HSBC as well :) I'm 18 and have worked for three startups in the past and am currently the lead designer on two. I really don't mean to brag by this, it just leads to my next point. Also, this doesn't fully pertain to programming per say because I am a front end designer, but hopefully this comment helps :) When I was younger, 14 or so, I really became fascinated with server technology, databases, the web, etc... I was just starting High School so I essentially had all the time in the world to dick around with linux and php and all of that jazz, and I did. I was REALLY frustrated until maybe 6 months ago with programming in general. I would try tutorials, and could follow along and do what was written, but it never made sense in my head. I pretty much dismissed the concept of being a programmer and stuck to what I feel is my talent, front end design. I build blogs atop Wordpress, dabbled with PHP, but never really became a programmer. In the summer of 2006 I joined my first startup and began working with a team of really, really talented and smart guys on a Django site. This is where I was first introduced to a real smart environment. I was in a place where I knew just enough to ask good questions to help me learn. It's now 2008 and although I am STILL not a programmer, haha, I feel I have a really good grasp on database modeling, basic functional programming, etc... I know PHP fairly well and am becoming familiar with Python because every major site I have built since that first startup in 06 has been Django :) Anyways, moral of the story is, a few years ago I could have never even dreamed of being where I am today. In the world of front end design and back end programming. I went from looking up to designers like Bryan Veloso, Steve Smith, Dan Cederholm, to actually feeling like I can sit at their lunch table and talk the talk with them. I still admire those guys of course, but now I feel like I am closer to them. So, my advice is to just dive into anything you can, just like you have. It really doesn't matter what language you learn first. Focus on learning the thought processes behind building something. You can write a book in spanish or english, the meaning will be the same. So focus on problem solving, finding solutions. Also, surround yourself with smart people. Stay passionate. If you're passionate about becoming a programmer, you will, and you'll do it the right way. The best way to learn something, hands down, is to just do it. Don't try learning PHP through tutorials on how to make a shopping list, start learning PHP by building the webapp you want to build :) This all kind of just spewed out of my mind, I hope it makes some sense :) Debian & Ubuntu for the win :) Nothin' beats apt-get! What's wrong with JSON? :)