The interesting quote is that Baidu removes privacy violating documents. Yet, they have no problem with IP violations (mainly by linking to stolen ebook PDFs.) Not going to happen. A lack of IP and patent protections along with an educational culture that discourages innovation and "standing out" is a significant barrier to improvements. Plaigarism and outright theivery is commonplace among academics, students and researchers -- there's little incentive for scientific discovery. Also, the basic sciences are also lacking in many areas as well. Scientists know that basic science drives future innovation. Until China has a paradigm shift in IP attitudes, we'll continue to find that they will lag behind in innovation. I can't think of any significant Chinese scientific innovation in the recent past. (Despite patent filings to the contrary.) Much of their "research" is simply reverse engineering of others' work. I may be a little inflamatory with this comment, but I live in Shanghai and see the reality every day. For China to overtake the US in two years would be like suggesting that Google will declare bankruptcy next week. It's theoretically possible, but with a micro-probability. You're right. Completely insensitive. Way out of line. We must all strive to sterilize the discourse to a level that is sensitive to every possible iteration of sensitivity. Mustn't ever joke about anything so sensitive. Perhaps laws ought to be proposed. Al Gore is obviously an expert. His "science" has been correct so many times before. Location-based information is in the iPhone user agreement. If people are concerned about their locations being recorded onto their computers during sync-- that's a good reason to encrypt the backup. This story is more cool than frightening. Cell companies already have location logs for ALL cell users. Encrypt the backup through iTunes and there should not be any concern. Google already tracks every search query and IP matches -- search histories are far more intrusive than a cell tower triangulation with 100-300 meter accuracy. That appraisal tool is somewhat worthless. Apparently google.com is worth $4300. For some reason Google doesn't want to sell it though. That's just awesome. All we need now is some testing environments for Maxthon and we'll have a complete kit to ensure that websites are compatible with the crappiest browsers available. I'm still looking for a way to emulate Windows 3.1 on OS X. That, along with some 1.44 floppies and I'll be in dev hell. Good luck. You might as well try negotiating an unblock with China. It isn't about invasion its about the IP theft and industrial/scientific espionage. The China threat is extremely real, especially in high tech areas. The Chinese version of "collaboration" is "you innovate, we report to Beijing." The Chinese intelligence services are the most active in the world -- they make the KGB look like girl scouts. There's a reason for it. Spend some time doing business in China and you'll understand. It isn't that they aren't "smart" enough -- it's that there is no culture of innovation. The best and brightest are running tech startups -- they work for the military and police apparatus. Come to China, find some "innovations." The last Chinese invention of any significance was gunpowder. Have a look a Baidu, Maxthon and the warehouses full of copycat iPads. Look at their cars, military machinery -- most of their military equipment is Soviet retreads or reverse-engineered US stuff. The Chinese are dangerous because there is no end to their industrial and scientific aggression. When a US company wants to do business in China, they are forced to take Chinese "partners." The US side of the office does the work and the Chinese side simply copies and sends the information onward. There is no such thing as a trade secret for a foreign company in China. The culture is entrepreneurial, but it isn't one of invention, it's one of doing something someone else has done and doing it cheaper and at a lower quality. Come to China -- you'll see. There are some good things in China, but they are the exception that proves the rule.