" mind is formless, non-physical, separate from the brain ", well it can be reduced and explained in terms of the functioning of the brain. "Functioning" is not an object and cannot be encountered, to assume the mind is substance is the category mistake made, and why people leap to something non-physical: if it must be a substance it cannot be physical, for sure. As for "completely simulated", I do not believe that computers - as we now use them - are capable of "simulating" a mind. The mind is much more than symoblic processsing : it attaches meaning to information, creates relations between itself and the world, (amongst many other things). These phenomena are not information processes and cannot be achieved by Linear Regression (to characterize Machine Learning accurately enough). It is important to point out that any scientific explanation of consciousness is going to be unsatisfyingly reductionistic. Science significantly reduces experience to a "substance model" where everything can be modeled as substances in motion ... and thus the mathematical edifice which results is completely devoid of the vast majority of information which one acquires: the sound of the cannonball as it his the grass, its colour, significance, etc. The vast majority of our experience which we may hope to explain is discounted (necessarily so) in order to be scientific (predict what our next experiences will be like). There will be an increasing number of "explanations" of various aspects of mental functioning based on the structure of the brain, I doubt any of these will provide anything more compelling than what we have currently. There are "brute certainties" (brute facts) which are undoubtable and the starting point for all investigation, scientific or otherwise. This brute fact is experience, or more accurately, the world of signficance, relations, awareness, etc. in which the self as well as everything else is embeded within. Explanation proceeds as generalization, taking one aspect of Experience and generalizing to some general property of Experience: pens fall, all objects fall, all objects in gravitational fields fall. There is nothing we can appeal to in accounting for Experience itself: there is nothing else available. Explanation has to end somewhere, and that is the final - and only tenable - reply to the question of our conscious experience. Should we charge more for disabled people? Does any additional cost to a company mean that it can treat its customers differently? We must have a society where the equality of people is incontrovertible, and we make accommodations for the fact. That a thin small woman weighing 50Kg is worth the same as a muscular or fat person weighing 100kg. To ask one to pay more for a service because of what they are is unequal treatment. The people weighing less are charged more than they would be otherwise, so that everyone has the same price. But their arbitrary birth characteristics that make them under the average weight should not entitle them to benefit in "proportion" nor equally should the characteristics of another cause them to be disadvantaged proportionally. I would prefer a society where neither the state, nor private citizens, were able to reward birth-lottery success at the expense of birth-lottery failure. And im not talking about genetics. Being muscular or fat, a result of a series of choices (no doubt), is still a result of birth lottery. So you had a single mum in a por community that fed you cheap fast food? Do members disadvantaged communities (who are more overweight and unhealthy than the average) have their disadvantage compounded by being responsible for their parents and community? Sex is a vice? It's interesting how much Victorian baggage people carry around... even in articles on the Internet and the economy! Well there are many competing princilpes, and the way we prioritize them will affect the kind of society we end up with. I believe in this instance, the benefits of equality outweight the costs. If we believe that a "free" market would distribute prices differently so that lighter people paid less and you believe the free market price is fair . Then some small ecnomic harm is occuring, to those who pay more. The social cost of rectifying this small harm however is, i think, considerable. It makes transportation harder for poorer people and perhaps those that need transport the most. And so on. In this case, i think the $500 extra /flight can be distributed across the couple hundred passengers without much to-do. I've always been quite proud of having Darwin there, perhaps a commemorative note? I think his ability with English maybe giving the impression he was being flippant. If you remove implied meaning, it says only that "I know it was bad for the company, but I found it fun". That is really bad ideological myopia there. He refused to consider alternatives (for which I would adovcate functional design or something like sqlalchemy). "Actually I think this is an inevitable consequence of using a relational database - you either have to make your in-memory model more relational, or you complicate your mapping code." No its an inevitable consequence of trying to think with an object-oriented type system to describe a set-based data collection! In other-words the problem is attempting ORM: he's begging the question! I would expect better from Fowler, but it does go to show the futher into an ideology you get (heavily design-patterned OOP in fowler's case) the more you see design and programming problems as problem with OOP rather than anything more fundamental. I accidentally deleted the original submission. Yes, that's the standard compusci response, and that's why debates in this area are presently fruitless. I dont really care to know to what extent PHP can be written in first order logic, nor does that help anyone decide between PHP and Javascript (via Node), for example. With any philosophical project there are assumptions that you hold fixed and work that you assume "has been done" (or could be). Either way, I think there is substantive and helpful contributions to be made by forgetting where programming languges come from, by ignoring their syntax and by treating their standard implementations as worlds-to-be-explored. And if you like, the above statement is my starting point, and implicit rejection of the compusci approach which is to ask all the questions im ignoring. Oh it certainly lacks rigour. I was just outlining "an intention to be rigorous" to see what the response would be. There seems to be, so far, quite a lot of interest in this kind of project.