Thank heavens, someone else who thinks the answer is "read the situation and act appropriately" rather than a black and white fight-or-flight response. About the exclusivity thing: A friend of mine is a financial officer for a company that just moved offices to Charlotte. Hiring two staff, they tried a couple of recruiters and hired two from the same recruiter, with a 25% bounty. They needed a third staffer, but were informed from that same recruiter that the bounty would be 27%. Confused because the extra position was no different - "you are charging us MORE for return business!?" - my friend was told that the extra cost was due to not signing an exclusivity agreement. His response was, naturally, "bye bye". Meh. Not surprising he's a freshman. "It's not a habit, I just do it all the time because it's healthy/good for me". The arrogance of this is astounding. Does he truly consciously think about everything he does before he performs the task? The overhead is mindboggling. When he puts his shoes on in the morning, does he consciously think about the comfort difference between putting the right shoe on the right foot versus swapping them? At some point, you have to 'automate' what you do, it is no longer conscious. At this point, it is a 'habit', no matter how much you want to pretend otherwise. And don't forget that the US' allies were all saying "Just wait a few months until the weapons inspections agenda is complete, then we'll all go in as planned and sanctioned by the UN". No, the US had to accelerate the timetable, replacing "worthless weapons inspections" with Powell's equally worthless poster project showing "structures". I don't think it's the presence of the checkbox so much as the reminder that "we will now have your email address and you will receive generic mail from us". I don't think I've ever heard of anyone /excited/ at the prospect of receiving generic mail from vendors, and certainly know of plenty who hate it. A rather sensationalist headline given that the scientific method already recognises the problems of human researchers and not only offers some mechanisms to counter those problems, but is eager for more. Are you serious? "No due process, no rule book, no accountability, just naked use of force." You defined the terms, and were supplied with the French Revolution as an example. You were the one who ran that horse into the ground, trying to insert gravitas that was never intended, so stop with the "Godwin's Law" rolling-of-the-eyes. Now I have an image of Lygon St spruikers madly typing in vi... A near lifelong citizen of Fitzroy and Brunswick, I've noticed that locals have shifted heavily away from Lygon St - for me, I refuse to eat there simply because even after you've had a satisfying dinner, you can't walk down the street without being accosted by every spruiker you come across. Having to walk a couple of hundred meters continually chanting "no thanks, we just ate, we just ate" takes the shine from a good dinner. I'd rather pay for dessert and wine than run the spruiker gauntlet... The medical equipment company I used to work for had a 5% discount that they built into every sale - people rarely paid full price, so sometimes just asking 'can you do better?' on high cost items will at least get you this "auto" discount. "I mean if the doctor overruns putting your new liver in, it is by a few hours at most." Speaking as someone who went to get a new filling in June, went through getting a root canal on another tooth, and finally will end up going under a GA to get some more serious work done in a month or two, I can assure you that doctors (well, dentists) do not charge on a fixed-symptom basis. Even if you need to return to a doctor only to get a new copy of a script you have already had, most doctors will charge you the consult time. Given that you appear to suggest there is no art to medicine, it sounds like you have no exposure to the medical world. Our profession isn't as unique as you make it out to be.