> I can see that too, but I don't think it's impossible. Honest question, how do you automate this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85dzsA-qKPw&feature=relat... ? Maybe we shouldn't focus only on the British Empire as the ultimate example, I'd say that the Austro-Hungarian monarchy of the second half of the 19th century is a better example, maybe also one that better fits what lionhearted had in mind. I know that you can blame a lot of things on this particular political entity (the War in Yugoslavia 100 years later being just one example), but it also did a lot of things very well. Actually, come to think of it, large swaths of the European Union are modeled on the Austro-Hungarian example, but those in Brussels are just too scared to admit it. I had a lot of respect for GE until not that long ago, but I think that after things like these ( http://accounting.smartpros.com/x67325.xml ) we shouldn't take this company very seriously. They're just crooks like the rest of Wall Street. > Leaking war videos to show people the real impact of a war - probably okay. "Probably" ?!!? Who are you, people? > To say that Germans "invented modern thought" is pushing it Kant was German. As was Hegel. And Marx. Maybe it's just me, but I'd say that the history (including that of intellectual thought) of the last 200 years would be completely different if it weren't for these 3 guys. > This extends beyond 'working hours' (after all, you're on salary). It is simply a way of ensuring that the companies gets it maximum value for what you invent while being compensated by them. I'm sorry to say it, but unfortunately for us all Marx is beginning to become more and more relevant, again (I, for one, had hoped/thought that we had left him and the problems he described in "Das Kapital" behind us). What you're basically saying (and Marx was trying to explain) is that a company like Google isn't happy with what it gets (in terms of profit) when it employs an engineer for only 8 hours/day, they want him to be on the company payrolls 24 h/day, a thing that even Marx himself wouldn't have thought possible. I mean, it may happen that the above-mentioned engineer has a brilliant idea in his sleep (we've all had our "dreaming in code" moments, no?), but, according to what you're saying, Google is entitled to appropriate that dream's contents as being their own. > "The Noah principle: predicting rain doesn’t count, building arks does." >-Warren E. Buffett He sure got that right :) http://www.nytimes.com/2010/11/17/opinion/17buffett.html?_r=... > Big companies often have purchasing departments actually do the purchase. They are trained to expect discounts and the people in the purchasing department know a lot more about asking for discounts than they know about software, because that is their specialized role in the organization. My wife actually works as a senior purchaser for quite a big (non-US) oil company, and it was funny when she had to negotiate the fees with the web-design company that had been asked to implement an internal application. She didn't know anything about the technical side of it, as you well pointed out (even though I helped her out with is), but the sad part was that even her company's online department (the ones that should have known better) were quite on a different planet. It's interesting how sub-Saharan Africa is still a mostly dark continent. Also interesting are the connections between the Kurds from Turkey and those from present-day Iraq, and how people from Baghdad are still more or less connected to those from the northern parts of Iraq (there's still a major Sunni presence in there as far as I know). Maybe it's a cultural thing (I'm an East-European who's never been to the States), but what's with this obsession about "winning", "not being a loser" etc?