Seems everyone wants their 'I told you so' moment. Why can't we just accept that web 2.0 and these high valuations aren't going away? But why is this important? Can't computers already do this? Even my 1978 TI pocket calculator can do logs very fast. It's not like this is an important unsolved mathematics puzzle. As lot of people are saying that, but the empirical evidence suggests that the valuations, as high as they are, are remarkably sticky. I can only name two web 2.0 duds, zynga and fab, but the rest of the unicorns have either held their value or keep rising. It's not like Uber or Snapchat will become the next friendster and myspace. The failure rate for the $40-90 million valuation range seems much higher than the >$1 billion. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ link to source. for some reason they don't allow hyperlinks in post body Buying cattle futures seems like a good idea nowadays students will just google it and see that is unsolved let it go, man. You keep belaboring the point Everyone talks about McDonald's like they are doing something wrong, but as evidenced by the recent strong performance of the stock price, they are doing exactly what Wall St. expects, which is to provide mass-produced , uninteresting food to billions of consumers all over the world, which is a very profitable business and they have returned billions to shareholders in the form of a very high dividend. You cannot compare McDonald's with Chipotle or Shake Shack..it's a completely different business model and economy of scale. McDonald's is not dead, dying , or going away..they are just being McDonald's, that all. at least a couple years of calculus and linear algebra You look at some of the biggest success of our post-2008 economy - namely web 2.0 companies like snapchat, uber, tinder - and you see they typically involve introverts who are getting very rich very quickly. Being alone is not just a way to save money or find inner peace, but - in the Silicon Valley at least - a possible pathway to riches and fame.