Apple is getting my money because they have a compelling product NOW. That's the name of the game in business. This is old-fashioned Microsoft FUD, from a fanboy to boot. FaceBook is for friends and family - almost all of whom aren't developers. I use Twitter for geek-related stuff (the term 'geek' encompassing more than just development). Haven't looked at Google+. Based off comments, maybe I should. Don't let other people do your thinking for you, and don't get something just because everyone else is getting it. An iPad is a tool. Either you have a need for it or you don't. In either case, if you decide to get one you're going to discover you're the same old you as you were prior to getting it. And hopefully that's a good thing! :) Are you telling me you can be bought for life for $100? Please. Aside from that this is a good move on Nokia's part. They know they're the underdogs in the market and this is what you have to do as an underdog to have a shot at being a top dog someday. Maybe we should be concerned that men are underrepresented in the biological sciences. If anything this whole infographic can be used to show there's not necessarily a correlation between grades in school and performance on the job. Only Amazon has any assurance of making money. Incredible. What do you people plan on reading when the content providers go out of business? Each other's blogs? Have fun with that. More doing. Less talking. Good job! The trouble with JavaScript is the name is misleading - you're lead to believe it's a scripting form of Java. Instead it's more akin to Lisp in C clothing. Doug Crockford explains it best. http://www.crockford.com/javascript/javascript.html This is the kind of tripe we were hearing just before the bubble burst the last time. Turns out, you really did need to be concerned with how you were going to make money. There are no money fairies that are going to put the dough under your pillow. Assembly isn't difficult to program in, especially with a good macro assembler such as MASM. C'mon. We can give names to functions and call them by name. We can provide names for variables. We can use a linkage editor to produce an executable and resolve external references, meaning we can employ modular programming. How is this insane?