"Setting up/using version control wasn't worth the frustration and time." I think the onslaught of very usable distributed source control systems with cheap and easy local repositories should make this a non-issue. I wish I had known about hg or git when I was in school - a simple repository per class/project would have alleviated a few pain points that weren't severe enough to be worth with the hassle of setting up a subversion repository. Can you use it to pay by credit card and split bills in complicated ways? To me, that is by far the larger annoyance than menus and ordering from waitstaff. It isn't really about slinging text faster, it is about editing code faster, freeing up more cycles for thinking. A great editor experience, whatever that means for you, can certainly help you write better software, and can give you more time to think about those harder problems. It reminds me of that tired old adage that you spend a third of your life asleep so you should have a comfy bed - you spend a lot of time in your editor, so it should be comfy. This isn't an argument for emacs or any other specific editor, but against the idea that your editor is a commodity not worth consideration. Awesome quote, never heard that before, I'm sure my brain will be in use thinking about it for awhile (how meta!). I think the key here is the difference between passive and active reading. It seems like reading passively is the default for most people, probably because it can be so darn enjoyable, but training yourself to read actively can result in even more enjoyment but, more significantly, will result in expanded brain use. Text is just a series of questions awaiting your own individual answers. I'm sympathetic to the idea of a goal-driven life and higher education as merely a means towards achieving those goals. But the fact of the matter is that goals are hard. Hard to achieve, surely, if ambitious enough, but more importantly, hard to conceive and define. The belief that action shouldn't be taken until a goal for that action is defined can be overwhelming and petrifying. Moving to an environment where many smart people are thinking about many hard problems can certainly be a worthwhile step towards the definition of goals, and should not be self-limited to people who already know what they want to be when they grow up. Meh, this is a straw-man. Conventionally rejecting overridden -> and () operators is a very long reach from ending up back at C. Disallowing operator overriding in general (as opposed to specific operators), namespaces, and classes would be much closer, and it still wouldn't be all that close to C (reinterpret_cast, templates...) There is a goodly sized amount of gray area between the two. Or did you mean your "things like that" to be much broader than my interpretation? Very interesting, I have lived in Boulder for years and can attest that it is a wonderful area (not just Boulder the entire Denver/Boulder/Colorado Springs front range is beautiful) that is noticeably growing. It is also palpable, just anecdotally, that people who talk about moving almost entirely talk about northern California, Portland, and Seattle. If not the northwest, then Austin. Very cool to see these anecdotes confirmed by statistics. Could you list some reasons why you wouldn't want to write a machine learning algorithm in Javascript, or a write storage engine nor a ...? Lack of libraries? Too high level? Or do you not like the syntax/semantics/...? I thought this thread might benefit from my response as a self-admitted shiny-thing-chaser. Your Prada coat analogy is fairly silly, as I'm sure you are aware. First of all, when it comes to programming languages/frameworks, both the new-hawtness Prada and the "old fashioned" raincoat tend to be free, so there is no financial rationality argument to be made. Even if you (correctly) account time-to-learn as a type of cost, that cost is roughly equivalent to the time it took to learn the alternative you already know. I think a better analogy would be an old raincoat versus a new, similarly priced raincoat. Perhaps the new raincoat doesn't actually cover you properly from the rain though; unfortunately programming languages and tools are a lot more difficult to analyze than raincoats. Do we agree, at least, that some chasing of shiny things has been very beneficial to our field? That our current crop of languages are better raincoats than architecture specific assembly language? That assembly language was itself a better raincoat than machine language? If you will stipulate this, then is it your position that we have reached the pinnacle? That no more advances in productivity or correctness can be made? If this is your belief, then OK, that's fine, you are entitled to it, but I do not believe such a pinnacle even exists, much less that we have made it there. And if we indeed have not reached the pinnacle, then we need people who are early adopters, who are willing to try out and write for technologies that are immature and untested. Maybe most or all of them fail to be even as good as what we already have, and the whole thrust turns out to be fruitless, but with no thrust at all, success is not even a possibility. Everything old was once new, and all the old-fashioned technology once had early adopters being made fun of for their impracticality. Plus, learning new things is a great way to improve as a programmer and it's a lot more fun; all that other stuff is just incidental. I have a Kindle, and while I think it's a great device and that E-ink is a big win over back-lit monitors for prolonged reading, I use it a minuscule amount compared with dead-tree reading. It just doesn't feel right, especially for fiction. I would note that you can make notes and copying quotes is actually practical (although an argument can be made for hand-copying sections that you really want to sink in). All in all I think it will be awhile before I trade in the bookshelves.