Excellent work! Thanks also for responsible behavior on the pending flaws. Sorry, but this is a joke. The internet was indeed invented in Europe, but you have to acknowledge the inventors, not some unrelated causes. normally ted nelson is cited as most important cause. the early inventions were http and www in geneve, cern and in parallel hyper media browsing (htp and integrated browsers) at the tu graz. Not yet indexed by Play Store, but can be found by going to the http url. Oops, the problem is: My 2 T-Mobile HTC 4G phones are not compatible with this app. Neither T-Mobile Samsung SGH-T679, and Vodaphone Samsung GT-I9000. Only works on Asus Nexus 7. Guess it will not turn out as killer app then. This suggests other fixes, such as apk sizes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10475954/why-does-the-goo... Because US tech companies still use MS Windows and their employers may use Facebook and Gmail on their PCs. Easy as that The boss wants putty, the user can edit .ssh/config by himself already. I especially chose code.google.com over github. After the SourceForge troubles I thought, this is a big company, which will not go away soon. I can trust them hosting my repos there. In comparison to github. But unfortunately github turned out to improve their stack constantly in contrast to googlecode, and now it seems they are also turning down downloads, though that would be a feature that is much cheaper for them to support than for github. It's minimum support cost, their bandwidth is free and almost unlimited. bad bad bad. I start to regret my decision. Though really, binary downloads for open source projects make not much sense nowadays. Compile from source or leave it to a distro. So, if windows users cannot deal with open source they should get it from closed source. The binary distros do exist. mingw or cygwin even have graphical UIs. Not a googlecode problem. I hate to provide binary dll's for lazy windows users. windows compilers are free nowadays. I can wholeheartely recommend this tool. With tsan I found a lot of races in parrot threads, which I didn't detect in months before. Those were all real issues. http://blogs.perl.org/users/rurban/2012/08/threadsanitizer.h... Welcome to micromanagement to its extreme