I would prefer a method that satisfies the Condorcet criterion (that a candidate who would win in a two way election against any other candidate wins, if such a candidate exists). Approval voting does tend to approximate this, if accurate polling data exists and voters are aware of that data and vote strategically, but I would prefer not to rely on that. > Java was the first strongly-typed language Is that supposed to be a joke? Java isn't remotely close to being the first strongly-typed or even the first statically-typed language. The trillion dollar coin wasn't supposed to deal with US debt, it was a trick to get around the debt cap rule that Congress imposed on the government. If they actually spent the trillion dollar coin, that would likely cause devaluation of the dollar; as long as the coin remains locked up in the treasury it's just an accounting trick to get around their own arbitrary rule and wouldn't cause devaluation, because everyone buying dollars knows it's just a stupid accounting trick and not actual money. I would be fine with them getting green cards and letting them compete on the same terms as I do. I'm not fine competing with someone that gets deported if they get fired and don't find someone else to sponsor their visa. H-1Bs give employers too much power over the employees. I think it's just because of well-known blog posts[1][2]. I don't think it's a particularly common question for interviewers to ask here either. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... [2] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/fizzbuzz-the-progra... In addition to not being able to delete the last node, it also invalidates any pointers to the node after the one you're deleting. Other people have discussed the speed, but one aspect of performance that people often ignore is memory usage. In C# (or at least the most common implementation), there is a per object overhead of at least 8 bytes on 32-bit platforms and 16 bytes on 64-bit platforms. C++ implementations typically have no overhead for objects without virtual functions and 4 or 8 bytes of overhead for objects with virtual functions. This means that a program written in C++ could potentially use a much lower amount of memory than one written in C#. You'll just have to learn to do one of the encodings in your head. I've experienced the opposite but that might be because I'm looking at software development jobs. Most of the mega-corps and the medium-large companies that do software development actively recruit new grads while the small companies are only looking for experienced people. The problem with that question is that there isn't really any answer to it. It basically just ends up being that at some point someone made an arbitrary decision to do something that way and a bunch of other people copied them.