See Ypsilon Scheme: http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/ Ypsilon has been developed as a fundamental technology for LittleWing Pinball Construction System. More info: http://www.littlewingpinball.com/contents/en/ypsilon.html Yeah, like the Lisp Machine from 1980. Command: (software-type) "Lisp Machine" Command: (time:parse "twenty-nine years before yesterday") 0 0 0 4 4 80 4 NIL :RELATIVE France has solved nothing. The nuclear waste problem is unsolved in France as it is everywhere else. Depends in which areas. If you are in environmental sector (for example alternative energy) there is a good chance that the technology has been developed in Germany. Same for machines, cars, ... Europe has several companies competing in the area of high-speed trains. The US has none. It is just thinking about having their own high-speed train services (minus the Acela, which is not really high-speed), where Europe has lots of those in France, Germany, Spain... There are innovation areas where Europe actually now is ahead of the US. That happened, because the US was more focused in finance, space and military technology - and less so with other engineering areas (often civil). The German 'Mittelstand' (medium sized companies) has lots of 'Weltmarktführer' (market leaders) which are based on innovation and technology in their areas. Software is part of their offerings, but it is not the web-based software what they develop. It is often embedded software or applications. Guess what, these companies are fully exposed to global competition. Actually their market is global - which is why Germany has a huge trade surplus - from selling high-tech, machines, tools, cars, trains, robots, ... The article is also not really correct with respect to 'Theseus'. Theseus is a german research project in the area of semantic knowledge infrastructure. It is not a start up company and it is not done with France. Theseus is basic research. Volkswagen is also long ago - it was founded by the Nazis. It is not an example how companies are created in Germany nowadays. It is true that Germany has less venture capital and its innovation is not that much based on creation of startup companies funded by venture capital. But that does not mean innovation is government controlled or induced. The example I mentioned above, innovation in the 'Mittelstand' is the counter example. How about taking the money away from DARPA and do some actually useful research? For somebody with 15 years of Lisp experience he sure managed to mention the most trivial use of macros. If I need to run my programming language to run on top of the infrastructure of another program language to use its services, the designers made something wrong. Today larger applications are based on layers communicating with each other over all kinds of ways. Deeply embedding is just one way. I also think that developers should do more than read books to evaluate a technology. Reading Lisp books is surely not sufficient - eventually the author now was able to use a Lisp dialect and not only read about it. The author is also mostly guessing that 'Clojure has all the benefits of LISP' without having used other Lisps. can Clojure now save images? does it have CLOS? I thought a huge different to many Lisp dialects is that Clojure is not especially object-oriented. In contrast to most CL implementations (and other Lisp dialects like ISLisp, many Scheme implementations, ...), which are very object-oriented - using many CLOS-based libraries. can it compile to C? can I use it without the JVM? does it start up in less than ten ms? programmable reader? more powerful exception handling for interactive software? tail calls? etc. etc. I'm not saying that you need all that, but saying that Clojure has all that a typical CL implementation or what some of the more advanced Scheme implementation offer would surprise me... if you say: Clojure is a member of the family of Lisp languages x is the set of features that all the members of the Lisp family share Clojure has all features in x then this is trivially true and not surprising. But if you compare the specific language and implementation called Clojure with, say, the specific implementation Clozure CL (CCL), then I would say that there are quite a few features (and their benefits) of CCL that are both available in a lot of other Lisps (for example direct support for object-oriented programming or the ability to save and restart the state) that Clojure lacks. Also true, Clojure has a few features (especially features that are not widely shared among Lisps like STM) that CCL lacks. hmm, could that list not be replaced by one book? Common Sense for Dummies