I wonder if, one day, people will realize that none of this stuff really matters. Write and comment your code clearly, think your designs through, and comply with your team's conventions so that people know what to expect. None of this stuff (TDD, TAD, XP, Agile, whatever) is computer science. None of it is science period . They're all essentially shamanistic rituals which "work" by giving you a direction so that you can start writing code. If you find a methodology works for you, great! Use it! But all this squabbling about the one true path is nonsense. Sure, having an organization strategy is a good plan, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. The problem I have is with people claiming that their way is the "right" way without having any legitimate scientific backing for the claim. Then go to the preferences and uncheck "Enable phishing and malware protection". There's no censorship here. They analyze the file and tell you if they think it's malicious. You are free to do with that information as you will. > Even though images like "13yearoldinabikini.jpg" are legal, they are almost certainly scraped from some unsuspecting teenager's Facebook album. Can you explain what you mean by "predatory"? I understand that it gives you the heeby jeebies. But what predation is taking place? In point of fact, nothing under discussion here is child porn. Child porn implies porn , and none of this was porn. >Today we are adding another rule: No suggestive or sexual content featuring minors. It's good to see that smut like Romeo and Juliet is no longer welcome on reddit. Yes, but it's an Apple with multiline lambdas vs. an Orange with only single-line lambdas. > which isn't really a viable point on a website It's a viable point on a website like reddit, which built its community on a no-censorship basis. They're free to do with their business as they like, but I'm free to feel betrayed when they do. >You feel betrayed when a site like reddit says that child porn is bad No, I feel betrayed when reddit, a community that grew because it did not limit expression that was within the law, bans "suggestive or sexual content featuring minors", which is way, way broader than child porn - an umbrella so broad that it even covers news stories about sexual abuse. >but I'd be willing to bet everything that you have a facebook account which sells you, your likeness and your personal data and you couldn't give a shit when they alter their privacy policies. I do have a facebook account, and the fact that I do give a shit about its privacy policies is why I basically use it when there's no other way to get in touch with someone. This is, of course, utterly irrelevant. Why are you even bringing it up?