It's 2014. Passwords need to be treated as a serious matter. Legacy system or not, there is no good reason to reduce keyspace. As others have mentioned, this is a sign that passwords are being made compatible with old phones without these letters available... and likely the passwords being reduced to numbers before storage. The prohibition of special characters also seems to corroborate this. Furthermore, the poster below who showed screenshots of being emailed their password indicates JetBlue is storing passwords either in plain-text, or encrypting them (both just as bad), instead of properly cryptographically hashing before storage. Link bait to boost StackExchange account. There is a prior discussion already at: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7741443 Pay this post no attention. I would argue that every programmer should be at least exposed to some assembly, so you can understand (and appreciate) a little more about how the computer actually does what it does. A great (free!) ebook pdf is "Programming From The Ground Up" on the GNU site: http://download.savannah.gnu.org/releases/pgubook/ SEO tactics and practices change so rapidly... almost any article or book written about SEO is outdated by the time it's released (unfortunately). Tactics that were considered "best practices" even 6 months ago may actually harm your site these days. -- There is no magic bullet for SEO. Typically I'm very anti-regulation -- but it seems proven ISP's need to be regulated to some degree. An ISP should do nothing more (or less) than just pass data from point A to point B (aka. "dumb pipes"). We are in the Information Age and unhindered access to information should be a commodity. It's a conflict of interest to be both an ISP and a content provider. I think it's the other way around ;-P Wait a minute! You mean my ever-increasing ISP fees at my home are not for the ISP to build a better network? You mean to tell me the ISP is now going to charge content providers for the ability to provide me with content that I'm already paying my ISP to deliver? You mean to tell me my content providers are now going to likely increase their fees to cope with this "fast lane"? This sounds an awful lot like extortion, and double billing. ISP's... you have one (1) job. Deliver packets. "I would have done this differently. I would have taken the time to consider the future" Yet she did not consider the future one bit. > Information security and customer data protection are of paramount importance to eBay Inc Which is exactly why we took 3 months to inform you, you've been hacked. It's because we care. Don't you see? P.O. Box should do it... cost someplace between $30-$75 a year for a small sized one. Leo could stay "homeless" if he chooses, but should at least have the comfort of knowing he has a hot meal if he chooses.