The first diagram in the first study you referenced [1] puts the observed rate of myocarditis among patients -without- COVID at 450 per 5 million (9 per 100k). That is much higher than the rate of myocarditis among the entire vaccinated Israeli [2] cohort (125 per 5 million) you mentioned. The issue is that you're not comparing apples to apples. The Israeli data is looking at the entire population that received the vaccine. The COVID study is only looking at hospitalized patients with/without COVID which is a subset of the entire population restricted entirely to those experiencing the most severe symptoms. This is not an easy problem to solve. A more apples to apples comparison [3] puts the COVID:vaccine myocarditis ratio at about 6:1, but it also suffers from a bias. In order to measure those rates they relied on the population that tested positive for COVID. This excludes the population of individuals which were infected with COVID but did not received a diagnosis who presumably also had a near 0 rate of myocarditis. This bias [presumably] becomes more pronounced at lower age groups where COVID displays milder symptoms making it less likely to end up diagnosed. Finally, there is also the consideration that while the vaccines have not yet changed - COVID has. And its likely that the omicron strain will have a different distribution of side effects. It's a difficult problem to solve, and conflicts of interest abound make it all even more challenging. [1] - https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/70/wr/mm7035e5.htm [2] - https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-021-02740-y [3] - https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.07.23.21260998v... It's even worse. You're only counting tuition there: https://admission.ucla.edu/tuition-aid/tuition-fees The current total cost for UCLA is $36,297 per year for California residents, $28,408 if you're living with relatives. That is for the 9 months per year fall/spring session, so summer school/housing/etc is not included. This is also only for your direct educational expenses. In that budget your "personal" expenditures are set at about $5/day which includes entertainment, recreation, clothing, etc. And perhaps the biggest problem of all is that it is intentionally made exceptionally easy to take out additional loans, generally just clicking an extra button while setting up your schedule/financing for the next semester. As most college age individuals (let alone those attending a decent university) expect they're going to be millionaires at some point, it is an exceptionally exploitative system feeding off widespread completely unrealistic life expectations. It's easy to rationalize how much nicer $xxxxx would make your life today, while how little value it will have tomorrow. But for most, tomorrow will never come. > Training on all the jQuery code won’t yet give you an AI that can write React. If AI genuinely took over coding then languages would become obsolete. The most basic turing complete language, probably some sort of RISC assembly, would be all that would ever be needed. But when will we get there? A decade ago it seemed like fully autonomous self driving vehicles were just around the corner. Now? Well that corner seems a lot further away than it did then, simply because the problems getting from 99% to 100% are proving quite resilient. Sigmoid curves look exponential on the way up... I don't think it's about the computing, but about the entire shift in worldview required to accept that what you perceive to be true isn't necessarily so. This is much more of an emotional issue than a logical or analytical one. It also naturally trends towards Betrand Russell's, "The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." It's one thing to state you understand this and another altogether to live it. It's not pleasant. And I find many who even claim to have adopted this sort of worldview are instead just as cocksure of themselves, but instead of meeting other notions with rejection, they meet them with 'compassionate condescension.' When it becomes impossible to be able to reasonably comfortably speak against a consensus, that consensus loses any sort of meaning because it becomes impossible to determine whether it's being upheld by coercion or not. It also becomes completely impossible to carry out science in such an environment because such pressures invariably leak into e.g. universities, career opportunities, grants, and so on. So without being able to reasonably comfortably speak against a scientific consensus you end up with neither science nor a consensus. The data tables they provide information on exactly what the conditions were. The top several (which make up the wide majority overall) are: - Diabetes - Chronic lower respiratory diseases - Hypertensive diseases - Diseases of the urinary system - Ischaemic heart diseases - Symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions - Dementia and Alzheimer's disease - Heart failure and complications and ill-defined heart disease The "symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions" is described here [1]. Basically signs and symptoms of other issues but for which there was no diagnosis made or available. That was marked as one of the preexisting condition(s) for 17.4% of the 65+ years old cohort, and 1% of the 0-64 years old cohort. [1] - https://www.icd10data.com/ICD10CM/Codes/R00-R99 It seems to me that as we reach such levels of advancement that time will gradually start to lose meaning. Even if we continue to die on about a 100 year interval, the fact that during such interval one could experience millions of years of history will again really blur any meaning. It leads to lots of really interesting and fun sci-fi that somehow hasn't really been dug into sufficiently yet along the same lines as the Twin Paradox [1]. We send out a colonization ship traveling at some relatively fixed acceleration rate that (from the perspective of those on the ship) will arrive at their uninhabited destination millions of light years away in about 40 years. Then thousands of years later (from the perspective of those on the planet) we make a breakthrough enabling us to develop ships with several times the acceleration, and send another ship to the same destination. The first ship we sent out may arrive only to discover that the planet is at a late stage of development having been colonized by the second ship of humans tens of thousands of years ago. I mean imagine landing and the humans on a planet are no longer even "human" in the sense that you knew - technological and biological evolution alike leaving you as a relic from the past. Though even for those who do not travel. Imagine yourself being one of the people on said planet. From your perspective, such relics of ancient past arriving and departing, would also be a regular occurrence. The entire idea of time starts to get really strange. Also the above is not entirely just theoretical. For instance the exact same phenomena that bends time every which way, also causes particles in particle accelerators, traveling at relativistic rates relative to their observers, to decay much slower than they would otherwise - which is pretty neat and handy! [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox How is it pretending? If we go back some time there might have been a parallel argument being made where one side was convinced that the solution to enable greater food stability and surplus was more farmers, and the other side was convinced that the solution was better technology. Neither side is really wrong, they just have different perspectives. Most problems can be solved in a practically infinite number of ways. Fear and logic can look the same from the outside when logic dictates caution. Do you "fear" fire? You understand it, and know what you can and cannot do with it. Yet your aversion to ever letting it exist outside of very tight controlled scenarios, and perhaps panic if you saw it spreading uncontrollably quickly, would look an awful lot like fear to somebody who didn't understand what fire was. I think the main difference is that fear is an emotional response. And this important because emotions can often misguide us are also easily exploited. For instance, racism is often a product of fear. People see some group of people engaging in crime at a higher rate than usual, and start to fear all people of this group as criminals even when that fear and prejudice is completely unjustified. And tyrants since time immemorial have used "fear the other group" as a rallying cry for self righteous horrible acts in the name of a better tomorrow that never comes. So in your examples is it primarily fear driving behaviors, or primarily logic/rationality? Here is the 'Paradox of Tolerance': >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.—In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise. >But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols. >We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal. The one thing one may claim is that it is not immediately clear is what he means by intolerance or intolerant groups, yet he leaves little ambiguity in the second section above.