Is there any other language that encodes its error messages so they are 100% XSS safe? I would assume somebody in FB just said the lawyers "this guy is using our API in a way we do not condone, send him C&D so he would stop" and the lawyers made it as broad as possible since if they make it too broad nothing bad happens but if it's too narrow and the guy finds a way to wiggle around it it's their fail. Nobody in FB probably cares if the same guy would ever post a status on FB or share a picture of lolcats. They just wanted the plugin to be removed. If they also spread some fear around so nobody else does it too - it's even better for them, even though it's not what they probably cared about too much. So if such corporation would be public and it would oppose, say, SOPA and I believed SOPA creates great public benefit and owned shares of such corporation, I could sue it for not promoting the public benefit and actually force the company to come out and support SOPA? How that makes any sense? And how the courts would even decide such case - no legal definition of public benefit exists or even possible? If you wanted to make profits and to build a better world, what prevented you from setting a regular company and a charity and have the former donate to the latter? A lot of people donate millions of dollars this way. It looks like it's one of those feel-good laws that everybody pats themselves on the backs about how they promoted public benefit and nobody even thinks about how it would work or what would be the consequences... The thing here is that if they can claim good faith and it is a protection for them, then the whole setup is meaningless - they could always claim "we thought it's a good idea" even if shareholders think it's a terrible one. Public good is a matter of opinion, and anybody can claim any opinion. If, however, this provision is not toothless and useless, then I don't see how it can not create additional potential liability. Of course, it can play both ways - i.e. the management can both claim public good as defense for controversial actions and be attacked on public good grounds for them. It's just an additional complication, compounded by absence of any clarity on the question of what the said good is. It is telling that your document does not give a clear answer to the question of additional liability, basically saying "we're reducing liability, no, wait, we're increasing it and it's a good thing!". That's pretty messed up that people trying to start a business in America are considered criminals. Then again, it's not with the visas only - even being fully legal resident or citizen, you still need papers and permits and licenses to do business, or you're a criminal. It's like they go out of their way to discourage people from doing business. This is completely true. If somebody's house stinks and is ugly, it's totally within his right to say to everybody: "don't like the stink? Don't come to my house!". However, the house doesn't stop to stink because of that :) I think US immigration policies could use a lot of improvement (using more polite expression here) and their implementation, including proneness of some personnel to power trips, could use a lot of improvement too. I myself crossed US border many times (not a citizen) and never had a bad experience, but I have read enough horror stories to conclude it happens much more often than it should have. And yes, nobody forces anybody to come to the US, and yes, it's totally within rights of the US to deny entry to any non-citizen and be as rude as they want while doing it. But that does not negate the facts expressed above, and I think US would significantly benefit if they fixed it. Saying "don't like our border guards - stay the hell out" won't benefit anybody. I don't know. If the candidate can find a code on the net that does what he wants, it's not bad. In some situations, even better than writing the code by himself ;) The topic was not about catching terrorists at all. But even if it were you'd be wrong. I'm sure all the terrorists also used cars and probably brushed their teeth. So what? The point of security is to figure out relevant things - that distinguish terrorist from non-terrorist - from irrelevant. Coming from US/Canada border is clearly an irrelevant thing - millions of people come through and even if one of them is a terrorist treating all of them as a terrorists would be highly ineffective. Moreover, it's even worse than ineffective - it's hurtful. Since the officers can't spend hours on every border-crosser, each innocent they wrongly detain raises the chance that they won't have the resources to inspect the real bad guy, because they were busy with harassing the good guy. The fail here is that they denied entrance to the innocent. Imagine spam filter that would put a lot of legitimate email into "spam" folder - would you argue it's an excellent thing to have because once 10 years ago you had one spam in your inbox - or would you argue it needs to be rewritten and fixed so that the false positive rate would go down? Nobody argues for no border protection at all. But border protection that confuses protecting with harassing the innocent has clearly lost the vision of its purpose and needs to be reminded of it. And if somebody from the personnel can't understand the difference he should be given a job that doesn't involve contact with people - like cesspool cleaning or monitoring early-warning radar stations in the Arctic. For many card transactions the credit card company would issue chargeback in the case of fraud for the merchant, which will end up losing money and paying additional fees. So the losing party is frequently not the CC company but the seller. Losing credit can be a problem too, especially if one has regular bills coming through credit card, which are not problem regularly, but if part of the credit is frozen by the fraudulent activity, this may become a mess. I'm not sure how all banks behave during a fraud dispute, but they very well may reduce credit by the disputed amount until the dispute is resolved, even without the owner having to pay anything. One thing to consider here is that it may be fast advancing because it is advancing from such a low positions. With more than a billion people, Chinese economic potential is enormous, far exceeding any other country. The fact that the have almost the same GDP as Japan while having more than 10 times more population and huge natural resources can be explained only by broken political and economic system. It is slowly moving out towards being somewhat less broken, but one would be deeply mistaken taking this as a sign that one should take it as an example to follow in its current state.