I think if BART owns the repeaters or cell towers etc. then they have every right to turn them off whenever they want. With or without permission from the carriers or occupants. I found it confusing at first but I believe it's trying to say that you don't have to sign a contract to get the basic wifi iPad, unlike with the 7.7 galaxy tab which starts out at $499 with a 2 year contract. If you buy without the 2 year contract it would cost an enormous $699 which is less than the carrier iPad at $629. Be grateful many people don't have these opportunities. We all pay the same for tuition if weren't not from that state. I've suffered working in a restaurant for the past 6 years and low rate college pay jobs. At least we can still afford tuition when a lot of people can't or don't even have the option to go to school. I have always wondered if crimes are getting more violent or if the amount of coverage we give the violent ones has increased. The closest I will get to the news is the Daily Show, because at least they poke fun at the American media for how ridiculous they can be. The pinch and zoom feels much smoother on Safari, it's especially helpful on my laptop when viewing from a distance. Tha being said I'm really tired of being in the "walled garden" I have a Windows desktop and Andriod Tablet that would love to share iCloud tabs and bookmarks. Chrome can do all of that. Glad to see at least one of my senators attended those meetings and doesn't remember being briefed about phone metadata collection (Johnny Isakson R-Ga). But then again the Director of National Intel James Clapper said that he understands that "collect data" would mean they take a book off the shelf and read it. Not that they have a giant bookshelf of data that is possibly yours and mine. Just another politician type doing some CYA. We will see more to come. [1] http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/intel-dir-james-clapper-lie-c... They have an option to log in to the command via a web interface in case you block yourself. Just got graduated and got a job in the software industry. Learned a lot from reading hacker news articles. Thanks HN When I first read this I starting thinking this is a good start but I think these companies are just trying to save face. Now that these programs have been exposed in more light both sides, the government and the companies who participate, are just trying to minimize the impact without telling the full truth about other programs. http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/07/nsa-admits-i... The website is unreadable on a mobile device. I can't zoom out.