The purpose of middle management is to organize and communicate information. With that said, insulating upper management from the rank-and-file can be dangerous. Not wanting to hear what the engineers think is one thing. Not wanting to know is quite another. Any faster? My one reason for clinging to Excel is the speed of computations involving thousands of cells, including graphing. "This could explain the disconnect over cubicles. Maybe the people in charge of facilities, not having any concentration to shatter, have no idea that working in a cubicle feels to a hacker like having one's brain in a blender." [1] 1. http://paulgraham.com/gh.html I'm teaching Python to my kids (ages 10 and 13) right now, after finally ditching Visual Basic myself last year. Of course I'm at liberty to improvise my "syllabus." I decided to introduce lists before program flow. I introduced range() as a way to populate a list. And then we started doing things with lists using constructs like [x 2 for x in range(-10, 10)]. At that moment, my daughter asked: "Can we use Python to make a graphing calculator?" With my syllabus in tatters, we installed matplotlib and played with it a bit. I've explained to my kids that in programming, sometimes we have to look up and use things before we fully learn how they work. This approach would probably make no sense for teaching C, where looping comes before lists. But in my idiosyncratic mental map of Python, lists come before looping. I'm not dogmatic about what first language to learn. My only intention right now is to see if my kids will take an interest in it. In a crowded market, the sales pitch has to anticipate and overcome "negatives." Thus, MATLAB has to be marketed as a "real programming language" to overcome the fear that it will prove inadequate for some task in the future -- especially when you had to beg and plead for the money to buy a license. And amateurs (including me) don't always see the difference between the language and the libraries, so the demand for a "real programming language" results in a huge bloated product festooned with every possible bell and whistle. I wouldn't have a problem with a tool that falls short of completeness (Turing- or otherwise) if it's simple and does something useful for me. I love spreadsheets. In the early 80's, my mom got a subscription to Byte, and I eagerly awaited every issue. My drug of choice was "Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar," which forged a connection for me, between my nascent interests in electronics and programming. I'm not employed as a teacher, but one thing that I learned in a traditional classroom setting was how to teach. I observed fifty teaching styles, and the subtleties of adapting to those being taught. I use those skills every day. If anything, an economy that expects more of us to become entrepreneurs, teaching skill will become more valuable, not less. I'm betting my career on some things never going obsolete, such as the laws of physics and being able to explain a concept to a non expert or skeptic. For one semester, I taught the "terminal" freshman math course. The syllabus that I was required to follow was obsolete by thirty years. The switch to online course should really be accompanied by a vigorous debate over the content that is being taught. I never thought of this before, but the first 4 digits of my credit card number revealing the issuing bank seems insecure to me. That's not a fault of the op's program, of course. While you're at it, add an indicator to show if the data lines are active. Could this be as simple as LED and resistor? Why didn't the MacBook just configure itself? What basic computer skills should everybody possess? In my view, the answer is: None. My rationale is that any skill considered to be universal enough for everybody to know, should be taken care of by the computer -- especially if the computer is sold on the premise that "it just works." I've been hacking since 1981, and I wouldn't have guessed the need to configure the MacBook for a proxy server, or that the proxy was blocking the embedded YouTube video. On the other hand, I want my own kids to learn how to hack. We have 4 Raspberry Pi's in the house. The kids are learning HTML and Python. But why? My motive isn't to teach them "skills," but just to see if it sparks their interest. Also, I think that given the ubiquity of programming as an intellectual pursuit, and its impact on society & history, it ranks as a "liberal art" alongside calculus.