Just read their announcement. They picked hg for two reasons: 1. Google Code is built around HTTP, Git sucks at talking HTTP (it's an order of magnitude slower than hg). On the other hand, HTTP is hg's first-class protocol. So hg's integration was simpler here. 2. Windows still is a first-class platform for mercurial, still isn't for git, and windows users are an important part of Google Code's clientele. > I think the #1 reason is that like they mention git is a second class citizen on Windows. And the second reason is that git is downright slow over HTTP, and google code's built around using HTTP. > It's rare I see a class action suit with merit, and this is one of them. If it was just Apple advertising it, it wouldn't be as big a problem So only partial: the suit against AT&T makes sense (especially if they're advertising it…), again Apple not so much. > Networks would be falling over themselves to cater for iPhone users if there was a choice in the matter. Verizon and Sprint are in CDMA, not GSM… in the US, that leaves T-Mobile I think, which could run iPhones (unless a separate CDMA hardware is created). > My calculations say it'll take 2.7 years to read all that data if you go at 40MBps. 40MBps is very low, especially given the kind of files transferred over a sneakernets (it's basically the best-case for purely sequential transfers): even fairly slow drives (e.g. WD Caviar Green) are going to yield ~70MBps average transfer speeds (and velociraptors are going to be around 100MBps). And it's pretty trivial to parallelize disks over fast (e.g. 10gig or infiniband) connections. Furthermore, 3000 TB is quite "out there" with the current datasets: Google's transfers are still at a few hundred TB (and they do use sneakernets for that). Finally, modern sneakernets tend not to use raw drives: AWS Import/Export suggests full devices (maximum size is a 8U rack), Terascale Sneakernet boxes are a full PC with a bunch of drives and a Gig or 10Gig network card. > Density per dollar is going to be very important for the Van-based Data Packet. The dollar part actually isn't that important, given you can reuse your drives for later transfers (TeraScale's boxes zip around, AWS sends back your storage devices when the import is done) so unless you're hitting a density/dollar cliff, you're probably going to go all density with TB drives and such. FWIW, in 2002 Terascale was already packing its sneakernet boxes with 300GB drives (7/box) > The concept of "free memory" on a modern system also makes no sense. RAM that is not used is wasted. The problem is that the iPhone OS tends to have issues with releasing memory especially in high-pressure situations e.g. games. It's quite frequent that out of the ~60MB non-OS RAM of a 3G a game only gets to use 10~20MB, and lags (or even crashes for the most intense ones) because of that. The initial "solution" was to reboot the damn phone in order to kill the MobileMail and MobileSafari background processes. "Free memory" functions give users the ability to kill those without having to restart the phone, which far shorten the time it takes to "reclaim" all your ram and be in an ideal position to launch a demanding game. And apple's ripping on WiMo's task manager comes to bite the users's asses. > In the mean time all background apps are zapped which includes Mail, iPod, ... Yeah but if Mail (and Safari, of all apps) didn't stay running in the background the low mem issue wouldn't happen in the first place… > They removed ALL of them not just this one. They missed a bunch of them then. Memory Status is still up for instance. Given most mobile devices have built-in AAC codecs but not Vorbis (Android is the odd one out here, I think, probably Maemo as well) if Spotify starts expanding to mobile devices an AAC stream (maybe lower quality than the Vorbis ones) would make sense. I sent a mail to Spotify's support to ask, though they probably won't reply.