There is another level to this anecdote, and that is how HN readers respond to it. It seems that some of them identify with Charles, and some with Alan. Some identify because they are or act like Alan and Charles, or they choose the opposite because they had a bad experience with someone like one of them. In other words, in this case the reader identified with Alan because that best describes how that reader works and acts, and they are just instinctively defending their position, even though, clearly, the parable portrays Charles as the better of the two. (Of course, that could be my bias, as I identify with Charles). It's the low latency that works more than the actual trading algorithm. Algorithms eventually get diluated into the market as there are so many of them. So are you suggesting that IKEA is in the philanthropic business of propping up developing countries? At a loss, they will provide local workers with employment, will hire local construction companies to build unneeded crap just to help them out? Really? I know a large part of IKEA's corporate structure is a non-profit organization, but trust me, that is only to evade taxes. This is a giant corporate entity vs. a giant corrupt government. IKEA is complaining against the complicated bureaucratic nightmare that Russia set up so that it would be easier to extract bribes from companies like IKEA. _Technically_ IKEA is one breaking some local construction safety rules. Somehow I don't see Russians re-writing their crappy laws and regulations to suit IKEA. They might let IKEA ignore some of them... but that is exactly where the bribes come in ;-) So far IKEA is going about it the right way -- shaming Russia on the international level. Great idea! After bombing and raping these people for years, let's now kill their ability to communicate by DOSing their cell network. USA! USA! USA! They have built a section of a brain that has 10K neurons and 30M connections between them and they claim all it is needed is to "just scale it". They might be able to scale the number of neurons to the right amount in the near future (many estimate the number of neurons in the human brain between 10G and 100G). But the biggest problem is the number of neuronal connections. Current estimates on the number of synapses in the human is around 10P (P for peta- i.e. 10^15). That doesn't sound as easy as "just scaling it up". It seems most articles and discussions about the brain talk about the number of neurons and how to get enough processing power to simulate them, the way I see it, the bigger challenge is to be able to simulate the connections between the neurons. The worst part about the polygraph (besides the fact that it is pseudo-science, they migth as well be using voodoo dolls), is that it punishes those who are honest and rewards good liars. Over the years, they eventually they end up with a bunch of lying sociopaths. Once millions of people have bad credit scores and bankruptcies in their credit histories, the social stigma of a bad creditor gets diluted. That becomes a self-reinforcing process. The more individuals default, the less defaulting looks bad. I believe that it was social and moral norms rather than clear cut financial analyses that stopped people from defaulting. It seems those moral norms have changed. People have simply lost faith in the system. They don't care about being nice little creditors, wrought by guilt if they overspent or made bad financial decisions, when the government is handing out hundreds of billions to to-big-to-fail banks. Then as if mocking everyone, banks go ahead and hand out tens of millions as bonuses to their CEOs. I cannot see anyone watching this circus feeling too guilty about screwing up and then not paying back $10000. Everyone, wants a bailout. We've been using CentOS in-house but shipping on Redhat RHEL. I imagine that is fairly common. I wonder if Redhat asked the guy to kill the project (for a small compensation of course), so the only available RHEL binaries are produced and sold by Redhat. We would essentially be forced to get licenses for all our testing and dev machine, which is not cheap. This is definetly troublesome and suspicious. > Besides, the problems now at CentOS are administrative. When the lead developer disappears for a month, without saying anything. Another developer leaves, disgruntled. Nobody knows what happens with the money from donations. Those are very serious problems. The kind of problems that kills a project. I am sorry for overreacting in respect to Redhat. I know you guys are great. We use your product. (Although we do like CentOS more for us dev people and for testing, because it saves us tens of thousands dollars ;-) it's meaningless to say that it's a "new beam of light with identical properties." You can think of it as information (bits). The same information that was encoded was decoded later. It is not as if photons are items on the macro scale, that were somehow labeled (for example, photon #134), then disappeared and reappeared and the scientists compared the label and proclaimed that its the same photon (#134).