I use SoftLayer http://www.softlayer.com/ .. I used to use EV1 but since they merged with The Planet they've not been as good. SoftLayer is made up of many of the "old" The Planet guys and offer some amazing stuff like free private LAN between your servers. Of course you're going to start at no less than $150 per month, and I spend almost $1000 a month, but.. this is business and you have to pay to get the goods. People who run their businesses on naff shared hosting are crazy unless they think the odd hour of downtime here or there is acceptable. Of course, shared hosting or a VPS (my personal recommendation if your budget is small) is a good way to start, but once you make revenue, it's time to upgrade :) Depends on your budget, right? But if it's not non-existent, then I'd recommend SoftLayer (just Google for 'softlayer'). They're formed out of the ashes of the old, and great, management team from The Planet (before it kinda went 'eh') and are good value and really progressive (extremely customizable machines, cheap upgrades, virtual private LAN for all users, KVM for most servers, IPMI logins, open API to control your servers, etc). I moved to them from EV1 several months ago and am totally in love. It's amazing for startups because they offer datacenter level options for dedicated hosting money (it's worth it for private LAN alone, I save tons of bandwidth). If you want more general comments, rather than specific vendors, then... unless your site is entirely local/regional, then always host in the US. Always go for something that's not the cheapest, but not the most expensive. Always search WebHostingTalk.com for reviews of the company you consider. Not a bad read, although I wonder what reality some of these writers live in. If we look at startup participation / entrepreneurism amongst, say, people under 30 years of age, is the percentage really that high on a national scale? If even 1% of 18-30 year olds are opting to run startups instead of getting a job, I'd be surprised (although I'd love some numbers!) It's not too difficult. It's what the E-2 visa was designed for.. for people to come to the US and start (or, rather, "invest in" businesses). All you need is to invest about $100,000 into a company, either one of your own creation, or one you're going to take over, and you're in for two years (and then indefinitely if the business continues to make reasonable revenue). There are no quotas on this visa and application times are very quick, whereas the H-1B ties you to an employer (totally useless for your own company), etc. The L-1 visa is another option if you have a company and you want to set up a US office while maintaining the company in your home country, which can be harder to do but is most likely "cheaper". Ah, I just realized this probably won't work for you. I don't now for sure, but Jamaica probably isn't a "treaty" country, which E visas demand applicants have citizenship of. WebmasterWorld.com by a pretty long shot. I even subscribed for a while. It's the only place I know where the more "silent" SEO people actually spill their techniques every now and then. A lot of the other forums tend to be attention seekers who give good tips but they're keeping most of the gold for themselves. There are quite a few Web based ones already. One example: http://snippets.dzone.com/ Of course, a combo between a Web based one AND a desktop app.. that would be reasonably original. Two reasons. 1) The achievements of modern day scientists appear less amazing than they really are. 2) The achievements of scientists of the pass seem more amazing than they really were. There are quite a few candidates for a modern day "Einstein." Stephen Hawking or Michio Kaku, for example. If you mean YC, as in this site, then always. Never done it any other way. If you mean YC, as in actually in the YC program, then sorry ;-) Heh, I'm going the other way.. Safari 3.1 -> FF3b4 and found the same (or the opposite, depending on how you look at it.) Why the switch? Gmail doesn't work in Safari 3.1! ( http://discussions.apple.com/thread.jspa?messageID=6856943 ) At least, not the Gmail I have on Apps For Your Domain, and it won't let me use the fancy, new one I have on regular Gmail sigh