The org handling my scholarship & job placement were defunded just before I graduated in 1996. This job market here was already one that won't hire w/o a personal into. The only way a coder w/o experience + buddies in HR was getting hired was thru blackmail or ransom. I knew how to do basic hardware & some networking so got a biz license & biz cards and chatted up everyone I could find for 3 years. I went door to door to every business in town. None of them hired me but there would be other people around who thought it was novel that I was marketing like it was 1955. Those people intro'd me to people they knew & that got me established. The 2008 crash sinkholed my clients (car dealers). I started over with med providers but by 2010 the ACA sinkholed my new clients. I finally started writing some code 5 years ago to build blocklists for custom firewalls. > "My biggest problem with it is that the "advanced" operators are extremely buggy. Quotes and minus sometimes seem to be treated more as suggestions than requirements. Other times they return no results when omitting them returns results that should match. Sometimes a term with a minus is instead treated like there's no minus, i.e. ranking results with that word higher. This seems to have gotten worse over time." This is the exact explanation of why I moved away from Google. My searching trends toward very specific terms. >2 years ago, Google started ignoring my boolean operands. It became increasingly difficult to craft a boolean search that Google would actually respect. I finally bailed 6 months ago. By that time, using a minus sign often returned nothing but the results I was trying to avoid. I'm pretty sure Light Vertigo has never been trendy. Tons of folks have used Dark Mode browser extensions for years to stave off the nausea from bright white layouts (and overly-lit rooms!). For us, the widespread adaptation of Dark Mode has been a God-send. Turning down brightness and contrast only works so far. The 'more deaths' conclusion comes from cherry picking the only data that might support red light cameras. The reality is that red light cameras do great deal of harm with increased accidents overall which means a greater number of injuries and property damage. https://phys.org/news/2018-07-red-light-cameras-dont-traffic... Folks who like red light cameras and the profit they bring are perfectly fine the wrecked lives that come with them. That's where but not how. "This trap consists of a particular data pattern. Only with the help of special code is it possible to read this pattern." This is the key part of the story & it's totally unexplained. The blogger "Tony" just dropped it in there with no vetting at all, as if the method was self evident. Such is news in the new millennia. The claim could just be bullcrap. Atari would have known that courts are tech-illiterate and the defendant might not have shown up for the hearings. The single threaded performance of the i3 is about 3% higher than the i9. Factoring in all the cores tho, the i9 performance is about 3x the i3 - but at about 9x the cost. ref: https://www.cpubenchmark.net/compare/Intel-i9-9980XE-vs-Inte... On balance, the i3 looks like a solid chip if a bit pricey for an i3. Preface: I keyword searched for 'county' & 'counties' on this page & didn't see my point raised. The article compares library cards state by state. However, I've never heard of a state issued library card, only county, city or other local municipality. My point is I'm not clear where the researchers found 50 sets of state library card requirements. There's ~3000 counties and at least 4000 cities in the US. Somewhere in those numbers ought to be how many different sets of library card requirements, there are in the US. >The thing is when it gets cheap enough, other players start enter the game too. Companies. Criminal gangs. >Or even private individuals. This last is the worthwhile part. The problem isn't surveillance, it's disproportional surveillance. That is, people in power can only control the public while they retain a monopoly on power. Since bulk surveillance is coming, the best outcome is equal surveillance and equal access. Postscript: Privacy laws tend to lock you and I away from data, not powerful people who ruin lives. On reflection, most adults didn't care much about underage sex until they were able to leveraged it into public outrage - and therefore power for themselves. The proof of this lies with pre-1980s generations of child sex abuse victims, who knew (or quickly learned) to not go to adults in authority - especially police. At best, they could be expect to be ignored, marginalized and/or gaslighted. At worst could be more abuse, even if 'only' verbal, physical, etc. Reality is that most adults in authority didn't give a crap about child abuse until they could use abuse allegations as a weapon. Once they (police, legislators, administrators, etc) gained that power, all kinds of things suddenly became abuse, including consensual sexual activity. "Think of the children" tends to be code for "figure out how to leverage the children". I agree that parents aren't the primary beneficiaries of the power that comes from modern child abuse allegations (nor are non-connected adults). They are a critical source of that power, however. For context, I'd like to note that prior to outrage being the pregurgitated social response for child abuse, parents didn't really have any go-to reactions prepared for them. It wasn't uncommon for parents feelings of shame and confusion to push them toward quarantining their child (exasperating that child's sense of isolation and fault). It certainly wasn't standard was for parents to seek justice for the perpetrator. My 20th century American experience is that authority wasn't there to advocate for children who've been mistreated. Most egregiously, police - who society specifically entrusted with the responsibility of stopping child abuse - weren't known as people that abused children could reach out to for protection. If they had been, child abuse scandals wouldn't have progressed far beyond the original victim. But once child abuse could be leveraged into gobs of power, suddenly child abuse advocates were loudly everywhere.