Users are not necessarily human - they can be search engines, API consumers, etc. What's in the annotation is configuration, not application logic. As such there's no real difference between putting configuration into YML, XML and annotation comments. In response to your 4 specific criticisms: 1. (DX regressions) - in theory yes, in practice the frameworks are good at this. The annotations compile down to PHP which you can look at directly, and you get exceptions if there is something wrong with the annotation. 2. (Decreased readability) - subjective POV. I find it easier, because the relevant configuration is next to the code to which it applies. It also prevents crufty out-of-date comments floating around. 3. (Yet another library) - Yep. No answer there. 4. (Icky feeling) - I get far more icky feelings out of seeing 30 lines of custom written 'setup code'. Annotations help to prevent that. That somebody could be you! Wherever this is likely to happen, I wouldn't use annotations. For example, I use YML for environment specific variables. But I don't need routes or fieldnames to be different only in one environment, so annotations work great there. Isn't it moo? Like the cow? Jakob Nielsen would have a field day with this. A partially-sighted TV license for a B&W TV is £25, compared to £75 for a full colour one. Ebay has quite a few B&W TVs available for £5-10. There are 360,000 people registered as partially-sighted in the UK, although around a third of those are over 75 (and so get a free license anyway). I imagine this must count for a fair proportion of those 13,000 TVs. Do you have a link for that? I've only seen them say "if you need to support IE8, you need to use jQuery 1.9". No mention of a plugin. You explaining it would be more useful than the bonus points. I had no problem just giving my email address. As amazing as Seth Godin is, blindly following (or recommending) every one of his suggestions in every situation is not a good idea, and I doubt he would say it is either.