> The one thing that I've come to realize is that we're losing. The web is now closed. Owned by Facebook and Twitter for the most part. Nah.. They're both losing users. The problem with "modern" internet is, that there's more and more people using it, and that makes the numbers 'weird'. The number of IRC users is probably higher than it was in the late 1990s/early 2000s. But back then only geeks used internet, and only they were on irc.. and now.. a lot of them are still there, just that now there is a bunch of of other people on facebook. As we've seen with myspace, digg, etc., and as we're seeing with tumblr and also facebook now, younger, more tech-savy users have no issues with changing platforms.. from facebook to tumblr to snapchat to instagram to SomethingNew(TM). One "bad" turn of events, one company that doesn't want to sell to facebook, and the "owned by" sentance will be completely different in a couple of years. Yep, it just takes a "NewHotApp(TM)" for the kids to migrate to there, forget about their facebook accounts, and their parents will follow in a couple of years. Considering most younger people don't actively use facebook anymore, their (facebooks) only chance is to buy the NewHowApp company every couple of years (khm.. instagram.. khm,... whatsapp..) But knowing the flaw makes it insecure. Nah, all the old services are still out there and still work. You can still use irc, you can still set up your own mail and web server. There are even new alternatives, from tor to other hidden/dark/free...nets. But people are too lazy, and find the "just use the largest corporate platform" very convenient, especially if it's "free". edit: ...which is a problems, since also your viewers only use that "one big" platform, and don't check elsewhere. This works in a non monopolized system. If you live in a large city with many different stores, and you get banned for one of them for wearing a blue shirt, that doesn't matter too much. If you live in a remote city with one wallmart and no other stores, and wallmart bans you, that's a problem. Yes, there are alternatives, but 97% of the market is definitely a monopoly. The problem isn't you and me, the problem is "the most". In my time, we all hung out on IRC (well, some still do, but mostly for technical stuff). But IRC was like ARP and IP, you needed to set some parameters, enter a server address (that you had to look up in a paper magazone or had to ask a friend for it), you had to join a channel, that you had to find first (listing all channels was useless on larger ircnets), and then you could chat. ...and you had to be online to receive messages, which was a problem back then with dialup connections. Then came "social networks" (myspace, facebook,...), where all you needed to know was "myspace.com", and they offered objectively "more" than irc (chat messages were recorded even if you were offline, photos, profile pages,...), and people started using those. So if you wanted to chat with friends, you had to make an account there. And most people slowly migrated to myspace, and then facebook, and so on. Anyone can build a website, set up video streaming, buy virtual machines for video hosting, etc. But if "all of your friends" (97%(?) of video watchers) open up youtube, and search for videos there, and your video is not there, it's the same if you were alone on an empty irc channel with two other users on the irc server. Youtube is not a chat app, where you have 10 alternatives (whatsapp, viber, wechat, fb , telegram, signal,...), but it's the site where most users search for videos, and if eg. wallmart had such a monopoly as youtube does, if they decide not to sell your products, you're basically fu ked. This is not something a kid learning basic html/js can do easily, since he probably uses windows, and doesn't even know how to navigate in the command prompt. The "click on the html file on the desktop" just works(TM) But.. it's the only thing we have. Until some "pgp alternative" for signing and encrypting emails comes along, and is adopted by "most" email clients, it's the best thing we've got, even if it's "bad". So they can tax (the profits, price difference) when they sell it.