Perhaps he learned something in the last 4 years that persuaded him to allow these things? Or perhaps the president is actually not so powerful as to overturn laws and policies passed by congress? Maybe we should be raging at congress for allowing these things in the first place? In secret hearings and committees with closed doors? Why do they know what castles are without knowing if there are rivers? Peer review is receiving a bad review, no pun intended. Please remember that good journals exist, and insiders know good from bad. A bad acceptance from a heretofore-unknown journal with a seeming credible title is not indicative that all peer review is flawed or done by impatient baboons. And I say this having had a terrible time getting a decent review in recent conferences. But my journal review process has been largely positive, helping to improve my paper significantly, even if they miss some things. Certainly, when I receive a paper to review, I and my colleagues give it our best shot, but we largely work only for the established upper-echelon in our field. I have access to the article. This statement is key: "By increasing libido, higher T may encourage mateseeking behavior." Of course testosterone drops when you find a mate. You don't have to fight for one any more. They go on to show that it further decreases when you have children. Since virility is affected by T levels, it's a good hypothesis that having kids is likely a trigger to reduce the risk-seeking behavior in males after children are born. It's kind of a "no duh" result in that light, and they sought to find evidence that supports this hypothesis. However, they are clear to state that they cannot address causation directly. "High-T men may be less likely to enter stable, romantic relationships. Additionally, affiliative interactions with a partner may decrease T levels, in turn reducing mating effort. We also expect T variation within the group of paired men to be consistent with variation in mating effort, although we are not able to test this with our data set. For example, it may be that paired-male T levels will be highest during times of sexual activity with a partner (as suggested in Hirschenhauser et al., 2002) or that variation in the strength of the pair bond might explain variance in T levels among paired individuals. These are all topics for which longitudinal data would be of great help in teasing apart cause and effect." Science is built on layers and layers of dull data collection (like this one). But yah, a no-duh result that doesn't come through is fun. Exactly, this is an argument against mandating helmet use, not against the personal decision to wear / not wear a helmet. I would offer that the subtle point missed in coding interviews is the ability of the interviewer to judge the flexibility, poise, and social skills of the interviewee. That seemed very important during my interviews. This may be why the best advice is to "talk it out" Any yay-or-nay judgements based on hastily-written program output should be taken with a grain of salt by both parties. Great. So if you run a lot (long distance cardio), you get a marked increase in new brain cells. What brain cells? The part of the nervous system that regulates (wait for it) breathing and metabolism. No kidding. This is like the study [citation missing] that showed a huge increase in brain cell generation for seniors playing wii fit ... in the area of the brain that regulated fine motor skills. The "Brain" is not a general-purpose computing resource. Until someone can show that these skill-specific increases can translate to IQ or (better) improved long-term creativity and happiness, take them with a grain of salt. More bullets for the roulette game. The oil-rich desert version of science fiction is seeming more realistic. Do you really imagine that everyone not in the first world is constantly suffering? That is a first-world perspective: Claiming that only first-world-ers can be happy through adversity.