>To be honest, I am having a hard time finding people to talk about this stuff with. Hi man, I get you. I recently had a long vacation break and started reading lots of things that had in the 'someday' queue. I'm fascinated by all of that but have absolutely no one to talk to about it (they're related to what you wrote, like Ellul). We should get along, drop me an email at alex@ .com ML is the new way to refer to old-school methods such as regression, statistical inference, etc. "Our mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together." "Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to bring transportation—for everyone, everywhere." Yeah, I do not know why but I do not feel very inspired by those ... Not at all. A few months ago I started being extremely pragmatic in everyday life (even against my will which is usually not like that). Things like, say no if you want to say no, answer emails immediately with a sentence at most, find the fastest way to get something done etc... Now I have a lot of time on my hands to do whatever I want, that includes spending the day studying or pondering things which I believe greatly increased the potential of my imagination. Find things that you like and do them, weed out everything else. If you can't shake some of those away, find the most practical way to get rid of them. Good idea in principle, however, did you even try to run a test before releasing it to the public? For a particular term I get the following words having "positive" sentiments: boycott, punishment, greed, backlash, protesters, damaging, upset. How in hell is that positive? Didn't knew Elon was behind this as well. "Close your eyes, honey" Expired SSL. Buterin's attention to detail is why I trust Ethereum so much. Very good idea I love it! I foresee and amazing future for you, just don't give up, keep it going for as long as you can. Cheers! From 2014 to around 2018 I was part of a team that was heavily invested into bringing these concepts to reality. What we accomplished was amazing and I still use some of them tools day-to-day, unfortunately we had to stop. What I wanted to share is that it was extremely hard (and ultimately impossible for us) to accrue a critical mass of people that is willing to use these things AND pay for them. We reached a few hundred paying customers; but we were 6 guys working on this full-time, so that means salaries and overall we were losing money like nothing else. That aside, I would do it again if I could, particularly now that the "standard tools" of the internet have become useless with time. Example, Google never gives me what I want anymore and they're removing the URLs now from the results (why?). If someone reads this and want to kickstart some kind of "internet renaissance" with me, you can reach me here: alex@ .com