The "reverse engineering" clause of the DMCA protects reverse engineering, rather than forbidding it. Take a look at 17 USC §1201(f) ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/1201#f ). The DMCA only applies in the first place if a "technological measure" "in the ordinary course of its operation" "effectively controls access to a work", which needn't always be the case for reverse engineering. The idea that the DMCA expressly forbids reverse engineering is a misconception. Microsoft eventually changed its position on Kinect and never filed a lawsuit over the reverse engineering. So, we don't have a court decision suggesting that there was anything legally improper in any way about the Kinect reverse engineering. Hackers should be upset about §1201 and speak out against it, but not be gratuitously scared off from doing things! It's funny to see this on the same day as Olia Lialina's article "Turing Complete User" http://contemporary-home-computing.org/turing-complete-user/ which argues that speaking of "users" is a mark of respect for their intelligence and autonomy, and that the computer industry is going astray by failing to speak of them. The original article also conflates vegan and raw diets. I am a vegan who enjoys cooking and often eats highly processed foods; in my present environment (San Francisco), I'm faced with the health challenge of getting far too many calories every day, not too few. In fact, creative food entrepreneurs keep making this challenge worse and worse for me! I would readily accept that almost everything about my life is drastically different from the environment in which my ancestors evolved. Those differences seem to have both positive and negative ethical and health consequences. I work with the people developing the SSL Observatory. So far, the Observatory has never been used to discover intentional malfeasance on the part of a certificate authority (though it's found certs that shouldn't have been issued). The Observatory exists, though, because of many data points showing pressures on and uncertainty about the certificate authority industry: successful compromises of CAs, rumors of governments coercing CAs to misissue, some trusted CAs unclear on the concept of what they were supposed to be doing, and other risks. Google's pinning responds to the same set of concerns. One nice change from just a few years ago is that the system is starting to get a lot of scrutiny. The first sale doctrine is statutory as well as judicial. See 17 USC §109 ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/109 ). §109 was part of the 1976 Copyright Act, so first sale has been codified in statute for 36 years. I don't think the Copyright Act suggests that every purchase of a medium containing a copy of a copyrighted work should be treated as a license rather than a sale. Instead, it says (§106) that the copyright holder "has the exclusive rights to do and to authorize" six particular acts in relation to the work, independently of having sold a particular copy (but not, apparently, other acts). (I work for EFF.) This article is a quick end-of-year summary of two issues that have been active during the year. The description of what Kirtsaeng was doing was likely omitted for brevity, not as a cover-up. (The person who asked my coworkers to write these end-of-year posts specifically asked for short, broad summaries instead of detailed analysis.) If you follow the link given in the article ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ), you'll see another article from October by my colleague Parker, where he writes: "Wiley claims that this doctrine only applies to goods that are manufactured in the U.S., and that the defendant, Supap Kirtsaeng, was infringing its copyright by purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States." This description appeared on the same EFF blog (Deeplinks) where the item that you're concerned about did. One of the most important aspects of the Kirtsaeng case that we've tried to get the Supreme Court to appreciate is that the plaintiff's theory would limit first sale in a wide range of situations. (One example is artworks, like paintings or manuscripts, that were produced outside of the U.S. and that were brought to the United States by their legitimate owners, who are not the copyright holders. As discussed elsewhere in this thread, there is also a question of whether publishers intending to sell works in the United States can choose the location of their manufacturing operations to make first sale a dead letter.) So even people who think that parallel importation as practiced by Supap Kirtsaeng is bad or should be restricted by law may have cause to be concerned about the Kirtsaeng case. Those consequences and concerns are the focus of this summary post. Hi, As I mentioned in a reply above, an earlier EFF blog post ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ) on the Kirtsaeng case did describe what Supap Kirtsaeng was doing ("purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States"). EFF did take a position in the Kirtsaeng case, in support of the petitioner (Kirtsaeng): https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/01/eff-asks-supreme-court... (The "urging" there is a link to EFF's amicus brief in the Supreme Court -- https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/PKEFFCertAmicus_firs... if you'd like to read the brief, which was filed together with Public Knowledge and US PIRG, back in January of this year.) Although I mentioned that there are reasons that people who oppose parallel importation or aren't sure if they support it should be concerned about the respondent's (Wiley's) view of the first sale doctrine, EFF's brief explicitly supports parallel importation (see section II(C) of the brief). Reasons to care even if you don't care about protecting parallel importation are found in sections II(A) and II(B). Our brief says: "Unlike the Ninth Circuit’s interpretation, however, the Second Circuit’s reading of Sections 109 and 602 permits no exception for foreign-manufactured goods that are sold within the United States with the permission of the copy- right holder. As a result, absent the permission of the copyright holder, any distribution of any foreign-manufactured copy could infringe copyright." This seems to be a reference to the distinction drawn by the Second Circuit at p. 16 of its opinion: "While the Ninth Circuit in Omega held that §109(a) also applies to foreign-produced works sold in the United States with the permission of the copyright holder, that holding relied on Ninth Circuit precedents not adopted by other courts of appeals. Accordingly, while perhaps a close call, we think that, in light of its necessary interplay with § 602(a)(1), § 109(a) is best interpreted as applying only to works manufactured domestically." And on p. 17: "In sum, we hold that the phrase “lawfully made under this Title” in § 109(a) refers specifically and exclusively to works that are made in territories in which the Copyright Act is law, and not to foreign-manufactured works." In a footnote, the Second Circuit seems to acknowledge that this leads to the exact concern that we raised: "Phrased differently, it is argued that [this] decision may allow a copyright holder to completely control the resale of its product in the United States by producing its goods abroad and then immediately importing them for initial distribution. In this sense, the copyright holder would arguably enjoy the proverbial “best of both worlds” because, in theory, the consumer could not rely on the first sale doctrine to re-sell the imported work. In other words, the copyright holder would have an incentive to “outsource” publication to foreign locations to circumvent the availability of the first sale doctrine as a defense for consumers wishing to re-sell their works in the domestic market. [...] We acknowledge the force of this concern, but it does not affect or alter our interpretation of the Copyright Act." Hence, the Second Circuit suggests that Wiley could control the resale of foreign-manufactured books in the U.S., even if Wiley itself imported and sold them. Please read the Second Circuit's decision, particularly pages 16 and 17. The Second Circuit did not agree with your intuition about this point. You can find the decision at https://www.eff.org/files/Wiley-v-Kirtsaeng_2ndCir_8-15-11.p...