I included a full language specification with my patent application. Reading boring specifications can also be a drag, so I even wrote a version that sorts information by color. Its all available on http://mailmarkup.org/ If you are aware of any prior art please do the right thing. I have not been able to find any, but that does not mean it doesn't exist. Did you bother to even open the spec or were you too busy making assumptions? Here is a link in case the you missed the one on the site: http://mailmarkup.org/mail-documentation.xsd I am going to make the baseless assumption that your intentions were well placed, and happily await a contribution of prior art. EDIT: My lawyers have deliberately asked that I not transcribe the claims in the patent application, but its really not hard to figure out from looking first at what the language does differently from the spec and then glossing over the claims in the patent application. I put this stuff online myself years ago, because I have nothing to hide and want nothing more than to ensure the software is valid and novel. Please feel free to prove otherwise, because either way you are contributing to a software project. Anybody can protect an invention. The average 8K-18K in average lawyers fees is trivial. Building a team and acquiring the necessary funding to launch a business investment based upon an invention is a far greater challenge. Not everybody is at a stage where quitting their job to work on such things full time to build a product complete enough to present to angle investors is a viable option. If it were so simple then every software developer would be a successful start up founder. The intended goal of this thing is to fully describe email threads in a manner that is durable. To my knowledge, even today, there are no structures or grammars that are capable of describing email content and fully retaining their original definitions after full exposure the various software of the email platform. Rich text format comes close, though. Regardless of whether or not the patent is granted I would like to create a start-up to build a new transport medium. It would be nice to have an online software platform built for automation and data integration above all else that allows any data repository to become a possible publication point using just URI addressing. I can see many possibilities that could arise from such a thing, especially if the primary markup language is always immediately accessible. I get really tired of people thinking web === internet. As a web developer I enjoy contributing to projects that help me to identify stupid things, because there is an abundance of stupid in web technologies. I enjoy contributing to things like JSLint and Pretty Diff. Sometimes contributions can be as simple as bug reports or feature suggestions. This kind of information is golden for complex projects maintained by very few individuals. Why bother blaming politics you don't control when instead you can blame the technology that makes this possible in the first place? Support an alternative like http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml Instead of laws and wishful thinking why don't people take action toward an alternative technology: http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml You can tell the people who really care about this subject from those who just need something to whine about by looking at the contributions they make. To be clear Obama is not a member of the Republican party. You mention Obama specifically and then dumping "this political baggage" and follow it up with the "Republican Party".