I was the one who came up with the "Neo900" name and I can say that the inspiration was from Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner names. As OpenPhoenux, Neo900's umbrella project, has Openmoko roots, and given that "neo" means "new", it seemed pretty natural to name the "new N900" as "Neo900". Maemo is run by community, Nokia abbandoned it completely some time ago. a) The only "hackable" baseband processor that matches what you wrote is TI Calypso, and it doesn't support anything more than basic GPRS speeds. All other modems are locked with crypto keys (TI Calypso also had this ability, but for some strange reason it went out of factory with security checks disabled - that's why its the only modem OsmocomBB works on) From Neo900 project there are plans to support "special orders" from people who want to mount TI Calypso on their PCB instead of standard modem. There was already at least one such request. b) Even if there would be some new project for creating "free modem", replacing a firmware in such device means losing certification, which means that device is no longer legal to operate on public networks. inb4 "I don't live in USA, your silly laws don't apply to me" - no, their don't, but similar regulations are present on nearly any place on Earth. Uhm, ad-hoc? Same. >We are simulated. Actually there is a way to tell if the world you're living in is not a simulation. Our world fails this test. What's the deal with this game anyway? It's nothing new, I was playing games based on exactly the same, pretty popular idea, years ago. What's all the fuss about? I started to read that article on a browser without NoScript installed. It reminded me why I love it so much. If you describe something as "a content site", then implementing it as "single-page app" is ridiculous by definition. Content site is not app. Single-page app frameworks are for apps, not for content sites. Kinda similar in its spirit - here's my curses based adaptation for any vt100-compatible terminal: https://github.com/dos1/flasciibird