I don't think anyone has trademarked the name. I don't have it registered and it doesn't show up if I search for it either. I can't say I implemented much but I did design out what I'd like to build (in a dated notebook) and pitched the idea a bit to get feedback. I didn't acquire anything (domain, handles, etc) with the intent of a shakedown (nor is it on my mind at all). I can tell from the domain registration dates that they registered their alternative name after me. My immediate reaction to seeing the competitor was validation, "whoa somebody else had the same idea as me... I guess it's not terrible!" I do really like the name (it's fairly catchy). I think a part of my attachment to the idea comes from that. At the very least it the catchiness keeps it in my mind. Greece has a massive annual deficit before counting interest on existing debt. Beyond defaulting on their existing debt they need to make large structural changes to their fiscal policy for recovery to be sustainable. Otherwise their borrowing costs would be beyond junk. Put it this way, if you make $100k per year and spend $160k, and you have no assets, what bank is going to give you a loan? What's the point of promises being part of ES6? I understand them and use them quite a bit. I just don't understand why they're in the language spec. They don't add anything new to the language ( vs say generators or symbols ). Is it purely for performance? > A modern "new deal" for elder care would also do the trick.. Oh please no! Boomers have already pillaged and mortgaged the futures of the youth enough already. The last thing we need is for them to stick it one more time with a new set of unpaid indefinite obligations. For a simpler approach, just give everybody $X (00 or 000?) either one off or repeatedly. It's as progressive as it gets and at least some youth will benefit. I don't think you have access to the actual private key file so this would be restricted to AWS services like an ELB. With letsencrypt you have the key file as well so you can use it for securing any type of connection (not just a load balancer front end). Is there a way to track uptime across kexec[1] restarts? That way you could differentiate between a hard reboot and "soft" one (ex: automated kernel upgrade). Having a system like that working for a 18 years would be insane! [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kexec That's still broken. They've just pushed the problem deeper. Now instead of having a timing attack on the number of operations in the compare, the timing attack is pushed to the number of bytes that is hashed by sha256. Also, this opens up a new avenue in that now hash collisions (as unlikely as they may be) would be considered equal. > OpenSSL provides the option SSL_OP_SINGLE_DH_USE for ephemeral DH (DHE) in TLS. It is not on by default. If the option is not set then the server reuses the same private DH exponent for the life of the server process and would be vulnerable to this attack. It is believed that many popular applications do set this option and would therefore not be at risk. Shouldn't that be "... do NOT ..."? Edit: Nevermind the double negative got me. Setting the option (which is not on by default) mitigates the issue and they're saying many apps do set it. > Could you imagine if oil prices went up and suddenly that $0.50/gal tax disappeared overnight? Great point. This is the same thing that's happening now with tobacco taxes and lottery revenue. Tax money is fungible so the repercussions will cascade beyond the original programs the money would be allocated to.