Tel Aviv: You should be moving faster. A lot faster. Dublin: Be wittier then smart. Melbourne: I agree. Its a confused message that definitely has to do with sports not clothes. Not exactly the same thing. Spoofing you comp's trade name is pretty much the definition of trademark violation. It (Google's policy) flops around a bit. It differs between countries and seems to get tweaked or turned over every so often. I believe in the US bidding restrictions on trademarked terms were recently removed. But you are still restricted in using trademarked terms in ads. Personally, I agree that restrictions (bidding on trademarked terms) should be removed. I would compare it to handing out flyers on the street outside you competitions' shop. Tasteless maybe, but shouldn't be illegal. Companies don't own the search results, trademark or not any more then they own the street. I don't think that's worrying. If Amazon or Facebook or any other site did it wouldn't even be noticed. I think that's just reaching for a way to fault Google. BTW, an interesting application of personalisation is not so much search ads (They are already pretty much the most targeted ads because search term is enough to target ads with) but content ads (eg adsense). Currently, ads are targeted using relevance to page content/site content or demographics of the users. But search history reveals a lot about interests & could be the key to 'fixing' context advertising (from the advertisers perspective). $4b is an awful lot. Especially since any potential business model is still to be really proven. The sort of targeted advertising they are aiming for is not necessarily easy to pull off. And I think it will take a couple of years to prove it either way. I wonder what this does to their runway? Here's a potentially interesting angle: Digital print isn't killing newspapers. One major barrier to entry (bottleneck) was printing. You needed a certain volume & a certain infrastructure to print papers. Digital print really lowered that barrier. You can now get in at a fraction of the distribution volume. But we haven't seen a proliferation of papers. What does that mean? Could this mean that they are already dead in the air? What're the other options? That the bottleneck they used to control is not something they've been leaning on? That seems unlikely. A good few are not as hot as they used to be. The 'cream' areas, mostly classified ads, are drying up. And they were the areas with big margins. Down here (Australia), 'Fairfax Digital' the online version(s) of 'Fairfax Media' - the 1 ton gorrila of Aussie media, probably has kept it's market share of the key areas online. The have the #1 job site, real estate & they are doing ok with cars, personals, buy/sell and other traditional media cash cows. In terms of market share, I wouldn't be surprised if the (society's) move to online media has not been a net gain for them. However, they were in a pretty cushy position before. They had to compete with 2-3 other media giants. Now they are in constant danger of assault from under the radar. Google maps may make real estate sites useless. It seems improbable that 5 more years will pass & noone will figure out an online dating or car selling or something that will take out their sites. Basically, if I were them I'd feel like it's almost impossible for them to hang on to dominance for long. I assumed that the company was buying back the stock using the company piggy bank. But as mentioned below, maybe this is achieved by direct trading between employees or investors. I'm not really literate in the technicalities but something doesn't add up. The preferred stock deal with MSFT values the company at $15b 'internal valuation' that the shares were issued at is $4b. Aren't these supposed to be approximations of the same thing, roughly? Does that means that they can't go public with a valuation lower then $15b? That MSFT deal seems insane. Facebook would have to be an advertising powerhouse. "The problem is that online news isn't really free -- it requires funding from the dying offline business because online news doesn't have a viable business model." Very True. An online reader is just not worth much. Even if they do get you onto their site. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model. " The business model might just be collapsing. And that does not necessarily mean a new one takes its place. I mean I can't take the 'new music business models' (t shirts and personalised songs & stuff) seriously. Sometimes industries collapse. Print news might be one of them. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model" How about 0 cost (99% of blogs) & 0 direct revenue. BTW, for writer I think the alternative business model is more feasible. Books, appearances, lectures etc. A good few big name journalists could pull this off. Quite a few bloggers (in the business blogging field at least) do.