I think there is this big confusion about jobs and money. And that the psychological view is overlooked. We want to feel important. And we want freedom to do whatever we want to do. While automation gives more freedom, it makes us feel less important? What we can do with a washing machine, everyone else can do too. But the question is, do they want to? With more automation we will see more and more services. And even more possibilities. The reason why you understand this better then numbers might be because you are more visual orientated. The web is for information. It was not made to emulate desktop or mobile applications. That said. Information can mean many things. And there will be hybrids. You can do offline apps in HTML+CSS+JS right now, but it's a PITA: var a = document.createElement("a"); a.appendChild(document.createTextNode("hacker news"); a.setAttribute("href", " https://news.ycombinator.com/ "); If your app contains information, it's best suited for the www. But if it only contains a canvas, it's more suited as a native app. The problem you see is what I like about the language. The javascript languages is great because I'm not forced into other peoples way of thinking. With javascript I can choose my own paradigms. module system: You can implement your own. Node JS has one built in. verbose syntax: Use an editor that support macros. But compared to dot net and Java, the JS syntax is not verbose at all. getters and setters: I actually love not having to to write getters and setters every time I want to add a property. One important part in JS though is good naming. You can't get away with naming everything x, y, z, a, b, c, etc. Once you figure out that everything in JS is objects, it will be much easier. What is happening, but going so slow we do not notice it. Is that the www is merging with the application. What annoys me though, is that we still use "word", "excel" and PDF. Well not me, but everyone else seem to do it. The HTML was a good invention, but too bad so few people use it. Maybe hyper text sounds too old and and maybe a sexier name is all it needs to become popular again. I'd say blame the people that don't want more then 10 Mbit. And think that everyone who has 10+ Mbit only use it for "illegal activities". What's with the Node JS architecture that makes it not suitable for compute-heavy tasks? I'm developing an MMO server in Node JS. So this is welcome in for example Vector calculations. The reason I choose JS is that I can write "dumbed down" code, that just anyone with JS experience can manage. Hopefully, JS will be just as fast as optimized C++ in the near future ... First you will ignore it, then laughs at it ... In Node JS you can spawn child processes. It's also designed to be asynchronous. But what I like about JS is that it doesn't force me into paradigms. And when you run something heavy in Node JS the VM can use many threads. So I think it's weird to say it's single threaded. Aren't all programming languages single threaded then? These losers wouldn't even dare to touch a RL girl. Even though it would be perfectly legal to have sex with someone as young as 16 or even 12 in many countries. So why make their lives any more miserable? Those who abuse girls IRL should burn in hell though. It makes sense so ship an editor with a reader. So that you can communicate both ways, both create and consume. Now we only need a way to share!