GitLab on hosted hardware works great. I maintain two different instances. One of them automatically updates itself, and it just works. I think they will migrate the systems which they host VCSes. Since they may need to make changes in the code to suit them, abandoning the legal stuff makes using, modifying and contributing back stuff easier. Li-Ion batteries lose the ability to provide energy at low temperatures, pretty fast. If the battery is aged, the effect becomes much more pronounced. When using an IDE, memory consumption can be tolerated. Indexers, analyzers, open files, sometimes other tools which run with the IDE. However, to spend 800Mb to change a single file is too much. Atom is not a complete IDE as VSCode or Eclipse by any means. Yes Atom has IDE packages and capabilities are started to be rolled in, but it's too young. God knows what will be the memory usage of Atom when it grows to a complete IDE with project-wide knowledge. Also, having enough resources is never a good excuse for an application to use massive amounts of memory. IIRC uCode updates are volatile. You re-install them to CPU on every boot. OS actually does this for you. Care to share the URL of the video? It sounds pretty fun. Thanks, I'll take a look tomorrow. For more uCode work, there's http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ which contains some interesting bits. I find CPUs fascinating to be honest. While they are complex, they are not impenetrable. Playing with small assembly snippets and simulators helped me a lot to understand them. Also, other architectures such as MIPS and M68K have simpler to understand ISAs which accelerate the process of understanding these small wonders. Electron slow, bloated, uses a lot of resources for nothing. tl;dr: Electron is chromium browser with some disguise. It's not "The right thing (TM)". Atom doesn't use 80MB, it uses 800MB. On the other side, my Eclipse installation uses ~1100MB and runs whole array of analyzers and background stuff that an IDE should run. Atom runs nothing at the back or provides the same functionality while using 800MB. Also, Eclipse is portable around all major operating systems. Resource usage can be justified if the that resources is used toward something meaningful. C is "slower" than assembly, yes; however both assembly can be inlined into C, and magnitudes more can be done with C at near-assembly speeds. I develop in C/C++/Python mainly and in some other languages for fun and curiosity. Python is easy, but it's not as performant unless the underlying library is native, hence nobody is using it if it can't obtain very high performance in my field (scientific computing, HPC, and related areas). Actually, writing a low performance GUI is pretty hard since most of its cycles are idle. If you can write an application with a GUI which slow to respond to low-complexity, common tasks (naive text editing, input, menus, moving windows), something is very, very wrong (to be clear, GUI can trigger resource intensive background tasks, but that's not what I'm saying).