There are likely some blacklists for known fingerprinting libraries. But, there's nothing that can tell you for sure, because it is also possible to fingerprint entirely server-side using the information your browser voluntarily transmits or contextual information about your connection. Edit: nevermind, it seems that “state broadcaster” implies more than I thought. > The only time a voltage sufficient enough to kill you, doest kill you, is when it is only present for an extremely small amount of time and/or not traversing your heart. The reason this is the case is because your initial premise is incorrect. Power kills you. Power equals work divided by time. This is why huge voltages over short periods of time don’t kill you. If you are suggesting that we aren’t able to say we’re at all time lows due to a lack of good long term historical information, then you also can’t draw the opposite conclusion that we _aren’t_ at at an all time low. We simply don’t know. But I’d bet it’s highly unlikely that a lack of measurement and/or recording led to better results. I do agree that trust is probably at pretty low levels — exactly because communication is more accessible than any time in history and therefore people have more opportunity to question authority. But a lack in trust doesn’t translate directly to violence. I think that people are becoming very complacent with distrust. The daily media barrage of reasons to distrust so many things has reached the point where it doesn’t cause outrage anymore. It has convinced some people that distrust is normal. Ease of maintenance is rarely a marketable feature in mass-market consumer products, and most often is deprioritized. A good risk assessment starts by evaluating possible attack vectors before they’re exploited. If you wait until they’re actively exploited, you might find yourself dealing with an incident response instead. Another big component of risk is trustworthiness. You might evaluate a vendor’s reputation, test/qa processes, support channels, and the legal environment they operate in. If you don’t even know who the vendor is, that’s a big barrier to establishing much trust. Not necessarily. Validating the authentication labels on a device might give someone enough confidence they can trust it for their particular threat model. While resellers add a definite uncertainty to the security of the supply chain, I think most people would find them to be more trustworthy than a counterfeiting manufacturer. I doubt intel is doing that in this case, as we’re talking about a NIC and not a DRM enforcement mechanism. ...but even if they are, checking a firmware checksum only mitigates risk if you otherwise trust the hardware. Counterfeit silicon could report back whatever your driver wants to hear. And even the presence of a a genuine intel chipset with genuine firmware doesn’t mean there isn’t a malicious component elsewhere on the board. There’s tons of counterfeit silicon out there. Most of them are just cheap approximations or copies of premium components with the motive to make a profit on their sale, but there’s not much preventing any of them from intentionally or unintentionally compromising their hardware. The popularity of programmable silicon and the standardization of silicon package sizes make this super cheap and easy to do as well. A static page is very cheap to implement, if the implementation has no other context. Large organizations have implementation costs and considerations outside of IT, however. I’m sure they could also change their revenue model, but that costs exponentially more than just changing the website to be a static page. Americans tend to relocate very often, relatively speaking to the rest of the world, IIRC. I think there may be some inherent sample biasing going on. I’m here because some European dude a few generations ago decided to move halfway around the world for a chance at a different opportunity, and I’d bet that influenced the risk tolerance of his kids as well.