This is a preview of the future without oil. The North Koreans lost all their oil subsidies from the Soviets in the early 90s. That's why they had the famines in the 90s, nobody drives cars and why there are no tractors. Scala is actually a better Ruby. All the messy fun stuff that we all love with Ruby like duck typing and monkey patching can be done easily with Scala, except it's all statically typed so it keeps the whole mess under control. For instance, you can have a duck type as a function argument that's contract is it implements a particular method signature. In Ruby there is no type type enforcement so you can get runtime errors when you pass in an object that doesn't have the right method, while in Scala the compiler catches it. You can monkey patch by doing implicit conversions in Scala to a rich type, allowing one to add methods to the Integer class, for example, but if you have to libraries that do the same monkey patch Scala will alert you to ambiguous situations. In Ruby this depends on load order and can cause all kinds of screwy bugs. When I get a compiler error in Scala it's almost always something that would cause a runtime error in a non statically typed language. The downside is that the error messages can be difficult to parse and resolve for beginners. Once I got over the learning curve, I realized that in almost all cases the compiler was trying to tell me something very useful. I do get a little annoyed at all the Haskell/OCaml type nerds trying to do things with the type system that are not particularly practical, for instance: http://apocalisp.wordpress.com/2010/06/16/type-level-program... Some micro pc that can run DD-WRT would probably be ideal. Here's a much better article on alcohol: http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/par7.htm There are much healthier, perfectly legal, and arguably more fun ways to alter one's neurochemistry than alcohol. If I told you all how to do it though, then dumb kids would take it way too far, the moral panic would ensue, things would get banned for no good reason, and I'd have to go back to drinking alcohol. I worked with an Indian guy for a few years. He said that in India it is extremely unusual for a person to not follow an extremely rigid career track. It's the legacy of the cast system pigeonholing people into various professions. In the caste system, your identity very narrowly dictates your job. In the west, job and identity are far more distinct. >“The problem is, over and over again, that many very creative young people, who have demonstrated their creativity, can't figure out what the system wants of them—which hoops should they jump through? I think that's the main problem. The system doesn't know what it wants. Why anyone would stay at a job like that is beyond me. 12 hour days 7 days a week? That's just stupid. Much rather program mind-numbingly boring business apps and go home at 5. No doubt they'll add some special extension that uses perl for the drawing commands just so -- you know -- nothing but Ie9 can parse it. I picture a hashed biometric identifier that goes in the bottom 64 bits of your ipv6 address, every time you do anything online with any conceivable connected device.