> surely no government would ever enact such a scheme Heh. I would not put ANYTHING into the "surely they wouldn't" category when it comes to government.... Oh it was a little funny. Lighten up. Not only writing the code first, but write with the idea that because they're "agile", their code is somehow easier to change 15 times as the complete understanding of the functionality emerges. As a developer on the receiving end of "stories" I find that a few sentences on an index card are, in most cases, woefully inadequate at describing the desired functionality. So what happens is you end up going back and forth to the PM with your questions, which is inefficient, OR you make assumptions to fill in the gaps, which sometimes works out well and sometimes does not. On the other hand I've also had the unhappy experience of wading through dense, arcane specification documents written in stilted language ("the system shall...." ad nauseum) that are ultimately not much better. In the end I think what this illustrates is that writing a good, concise, clear, complete functional specification is not easy. It requires a talented PM and no formulaic approach, whether it is agile or anything else, can get around that. I've seen many routines (functions, methods, procedures .. whatever) that are needlessly long due to overzealous use of the copy/paste technique. But once you eliminate that kind of stuff, I do agree that you can get to a point where you've abstracted too much -- and the actual thing you are trying to accomplish with your code becomes obscured. I have not read these studies, but to me it seems that the defect rate could rise because it's no longer apparent what's interacting with what, and in what order. If I have to hop around to numerous different 5 line methods (often in numerous different source code files) it becomes very hard to intuit whether the code is "correct" or even have any idea what it's doing. "Patri Friedman, a former Google engineer who now works for the Seasteading Institute, said floating cities are the perfect places to experiment with new forms of government." There are no new forms of government. They've all been tried. There are only people ignorant of history. Cute/Fun error messages will IMO get annoying really fast once the novelty wears off. Just like that clippy thing in MS Office. Absolutely false. Nobody in the US has "no access to healthcare at all." Go without != no access to Nothing really new in this post -- but the message bears occasional repeating: ideas are a dime a dozen, it's executing on one that few people can do well.