It seems there are two things going on here. 1. Upset that people are now reacting negatively to this change as opposed to voicing criticism earlier 2. Being upset that criticism exists (2) is the sort of problem I can't help with except to say maybe grow a thicker skin or be a bit more aware of what it was you signed up for, but in regards to (1) - It's important to note that the people heavily invested in your project (enough to follow every new issue on Github and respond to them and have opinions) will be very different from your mainstream users. There is no shortage of people who heavily use a project and yet probably don't follow them in any way. So it's important to note that using that source of feedback likely subjects us to bias. Should I, in making a critical statement, be denied because someone else (or maybe several other someone elses) already have? It seems a bit odd that if I'm a critic that my ability to exercise my freedom there is constrained by whether other people have. They probably get a bonk on the head and checked for a concussion. Better then being hit by a delivery truck I suppose. There's a huge difference in quality between a $200 smartphone and a $6,000 high end DSLR camera. This is concerning. While TLS interception may be desirable by some, this is a dangerous precedent and I hope the de facto standard for all software will be to block and disallow this kind of behavior, and warn when it's been enabled ("This connection is not fully secure"). Agile is a very loaded word. One meaning of Agile is a very specific kind of process, the other meaning and perhaps closer to the original manifesto is what you're describing with the "non-agile" team. Certainly their job isn't to illegally deny him his right to representation or confiscate without returning his headphones? The CC conference is hardly some blackhat meetup. Likewise, Romania is by no means our enemy. So a guy, who has followed the law entirely, coming from a friendly country from a well known meeting, should be denied his basic legal rights and have his equipment confiscated... why exactly? What law did he break? How did TSA (or what you actually mean in this case, the CBP) "save us" from this gentleman? I've been on the opposite side of this. My own experience was that the person suffered from a mix of being a slow typer, and also didn't assemble ideas well before communicating them. For me at least, this was bad enough that I had to write as the person talked and rephrase their words back to them to make sure I had turned it into what they meant. A DM in a chat is precisely the place for those kind of convos (especially the "Well what about X, Y Z.. wait, nevermind, I figured it out" kind of comments which I'm especially guilty of). Just spend some time getting your thoughts distilled down before you start typing. If all websites fall into one of two categories: fast or slow, and you penalize one, it's the same as helping the other and vice versa. I mean, really, that's most of AMP: a restriction on a bunch of elements that may slow things down and a bit of special mark up so things can be further accelerated. If most websites actually did load quickly, then I don't think AMP would have a reason to exist. But if most websites can't manage to slim down their bloat, then one potential answer may be to take away some of their toys (and I'm not saying it's the right answer, just a large part of AMP).