I think the main difference between VeryAnts and these are that those are actually supposed to be useful in some way. But I could be wrong. Do you have any suggestions? I'm all ears Is the source code for this available somewhere? I'm curious about how exactly you're sending the text messages, and I can't really tell anything from a quick glance at the binaries included in the zip. Definitely yes! I'm currently a senior studying CS. Many of my classmates freshman year had never written a line of code in their life beforehand. Now, some of the best programmers I know at my school are those same people. If you're passionate about it and willing to put in the effort, then I say go for it! What (if anything) are people's thoughts on runit? I started trying out Void Linux a couple of days ago, which uses it by default. I haven't spent a whole lot of time reading up on it, but from my initial understanding of it, it seems to avoid the issues that people seem to have with both systemd and sysinitv. (Of course, it might just be that it's not used by enough people for anyone to have strong negative opinions about it) I noticed the same thing while reading it. I assume that this is just a mistake or misunderstanding by the author, and they actually meant "weaker". Of course, switching to a weaker set of axioms would mean that some of the things proved by the old set might not be provable anymore, which still seems like an issue... My Dutch professor in college actually wrote out the "ij", but the tail of the "i" connected with the "j", making it appear to be "ÿ". It kind of blew my mind the first time I saw him write it out haha This is freaking amazing Google Keyboard just started doing that to me, and I can't figure out how to turn it off... > I can walk around a bad part of town at 2am, but if I get shot, I'm still going to be mad at the shooter. I'm not sure calling LinkedIn the shooter in this analogy is completely fair; maybe more like the cop two streets over getting a donut.