law of history: telling people who sit at the bottleneck of a trade network that it's their culture that made them rich will always get you invited to dinner. "The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism", by a bloke named Goldstein, may have something to say about "neofeudalism", but I haven't been able to find more a few fragmented chapters... I have been wondering lately what motivated Japan to join the Plaza Accord. (Germany seems clear: a strong DM made reunification cheaper) A hypothesis of mine is that the "Lost Decades" are only apparent aggregating over the GDP of JP, but that if we slice japanese society finer we would find that some japanese have indeed seen higher growth. Anyone have suggestions on how to go about checking this hypothesis? according to https://eml.berkeley.edu/~saez/moriguchi-saezREStat08japan.p... even affluent japanese didn't get much out of the lost decades. why did they sign? If you want germans and chinese to import your production, you'll need to raise standards to meet theirs. For pork, this has already started happening: Hormel, JBS, and Tyson are no longer taking ractopamine-dosed hogs, even though they're still legal to sell to US consumers. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Space_Merchants for a 1952 prediction of where "the consumption based economy" winds up. the original CNN article is not far removed from the initial attitude of the protagonist... looks like reserve requirements are currently 0% https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/reservereq.htm You can start shorting chinese real estate: I was just reading the other day that WTI going negative had badly burned many chinese retail investors. (as for germany, I'd call that an argument against currency unification ... but that's an entirely different thread) If a country saves too much forex, one can slap sanctions on them for being a "currency manipulator". If a firm saves too much cash on hand, one can find a corporate raider (which the germans and chinese also have) to make a hostile LBO. However, for thrifty households, there don't appear to be any similar sticks, only carrots. How would you propose to incentivise german and chinese households to consume more than they do? S'pore ought to be glad that all the US wanted to do in a recent trade agreement was ("for medicinal purposes only", of course) sell chewing gum? cf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Course (I am still seeking an explanation for Japan's signing of the Plaza Accord that doesn't rely on calling in favours from the LDP. Anybody have one?)