I gnu I had a great quip about his property and identity being open sourced, but can't quite put it together. I hope I don't come off rude, but I don't see anything here that I couldn't get on oDesk. Maybe less. On oDesk, I can pick a language. Here, you don't mention what your skills are. So I could send you 3 problems, one in Lua, one in ColdFusion, and the third a distributed map reduce job for MongoDB, and assume you do them all? Given the grammar and the names on the About Us, I assume I'm paying cheap off-shore rates? What I'm seeing here is a group of folks who want to tackle outsourced work, but aren't big enough or experienced enough to take on full projects. The attempt is to brand it in such a way to capture some of the startup dollars out there. However in reality, it's just the same kind of freelancing that's been going on for 15 years. Click the "raw" link and it's a readable wrapping text-only mode. Why did it take so long? Small team, SDK limitations, funding? I can't imagine that porting an Obj-C code base to Java would take as long as it did. (Doesn't matter how long original code base took; that was development, whereas porting code is more "manufacturing") Not trolling, just curious. Original iPad being junk? There's tons still in service. As a matter of fact, I'd imagine most who upgraded to the 2 or 3 did so due to additional features (camera, Retina), not the RAM. Also, how do I upgrade the RAM in a Galaxy Tab or a Kindle Fire? I think the lack of upgradability is endemic to the tablet form-factor. Would any tablet manufacturer? What do you mean by easily? Recycling is a very industrial operation; it's more than just the neat little recycling containers you see in the suburbs. If iFixit shows you how to do it, you can be guaranteed that professional recyclers can do it. Especially if it's a material of value: they meticulously disassemble dishwashers all the time for the copper contained within. tldr; recycling != recycling bin "Nothing"? I assume you're referring to phones and tablets. You do remember that Apple makes more than iPhones and iPads, right? Despite the attention the new rMBP gets, they are still selling iMacs, Mac Minis, and MBPs that are easily upgraded. Obsolete in 2-3 years? No, those would be Android devices, where a phone 12 months old often can't run or doesn't have an upgraded version of Android OS. However, the iPhone 3GS, released 3+ years ago, will run iOS 6. I don't know of a single product Apple makes that's obsolete in a year: obsolete doesn't mean "doesn't have latest and greatest features". 3GS phones run pretty much all the apps a 4S runs; ditto on the original iPad compared to a new one.