er Warren Buffet learned from a guy called Benjamin Graham who's books are still in print and considered clasics the K&R or Kunth of investing if you will. Try "the intelligent investor." well I wouldn't call a few racks in some one elses co-lo a data center. Well taking just TV Stargate had several very intelligent characters as role models Sam, Daniel, Jonas, Rodney and Jeannie. and NCIS has Abby and Tim. And the BBC's new sherlock also has a hyper intelligent character. Hmm I can't see using a dremel to power a centrifuge working for non trivial lab uses. And as @jlgreco comments elsewhere chemistry labs have glass-working techs that make a lot of the kit - I recall being taught very basic glass-working at school. A Lot of lab gear is very specialized when I worked at RnD organization lab they had 2 wood shops a metal shop and an electronics shop to build one off experimental kit. And we employed Very good guys some of the wood pieces they turned out where stunningly beautiful. I could see 3d printing working for some labs but this would be the very high end ones that have decent resolution and accuracy and can work with a wider range of materials. Big question is would it be that much cheaper than cnc machining or sintering - given that labs have machine tools and technicians to run them. You are wrong in the UK the first two years of employment are effectively at will - at lot of employment rights only accrue after two years. And if an employer pulls a fast one and break the rules on they don't get fined by labor courts as they do in the USA. True but a slipping on spilled diesel and falling down a flight of stairs is one danger still think rigging block an tackle would be much more efficient. not if they are showing contempt of court they don't Could very well be a co-optee which the KGB used to do a lot in the past and presumably the FSB is no different. Lets be honest no sensible Russian is going to say no to the FSB if they ask for a favor. Doesn't work for major cities an example from the UK 2 bed flat in Bedford a 35/50 min commute is £115,000 red lion square near our office its £625,000. Oops I meant Bedford to st pancras the midland mainlines intercity 125 are 35 min station to station. First capital connect is a bit longer (50-55 min) I normally catch 7:30 and am in the office at 8:40.