> Eventually, everything became a big mess and was hard to maintain. You need to architect your application using classes and functions just like in any other language with whatever appropriate data abstractions present. > IMO the limitation really is "all the code can be displayed at the same time" You don't have to have all your code inside a single diagram. Any professional LabVIEW programmer has a rule that a single VI (basically function or method) should only require a single modestly sized monitor to view it, aside from a few exceptions. This is akin to text-based languages having a sweet spot of 500-1,000 lines of code per file and keeping a function within a single screen without needing to scroll. Anything above starts to become unwieldy. The size of a LabVIEW diagram isn't a limitation of the medium just like the size of a text-based programming language's file isn't a limitation of the medium. It all boils down to the programmer needing to modularize appropriately. > it is not scalable well for custom pattern, custom architecture, and Async, operation and functional programming paradigm It is in fact useful for these things. For example, LabVIEW is wonderful for asynchronous code, is automatically multi-threaded, and supports the actor model. Dataflow languages are excellent for functional programming, and this area is relatively unexplored. That is exactly right. I don't understand the dichotomy that arises from text-based programmers. I have written and maintained LabVIEW applications that exceed a 1,000 VIs. I would argue that such well-architected applications are actually easier to maintain for all the reasons that people expound functional languages for. The reason is that LabVIEW is a dataflow language, and so all the benefits of immutability apply. Most data in LabVIEW is immutable by default (to the developer/user). So the reasons why people prefer languages like F#, Elixir, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, etc. overlap with visual languages like LabVIEW. I can adjust one portion of the program without worry of side effects because I'm only concerned with the data flowing in and then out of the function I am editing. Somehow people form the opinion that once you start programming in a visual language that you're suddenly forced, by some unknown force, to start throwing everything into a single diagram without realizing that they separate their text-based programs into 10s, 100s, and even 1000s of files. Poorly modularized and architected code is just that, no matter the paradigm. And yes, there are a lot of bad LabVIEW programs out there written by people new to the language or undisciplined in their craft, but the same holds true for stuff like Python or anything else that has a low barrier to entry. Aren't conditionals and loops easier in visual languages? If you need something to iterate, you just draw a for loop around it. If you need two while loops each doing something concurrently, you just draw two parallel while loops. If you need to conditionally do something, just draw a conditional structure and put code in each condition. One type of control structure I have not seen a good implementation of is pattern matching. But that doesn't mean it can't exist, and it's also something most text-based languages don't do anyway. Here's a picture of what I was talking about: https://i.imgur.com/AgmF87b.png Now, the two while loops, as shown here, have no dependencies between each other and are indeed processing in parallel. However, there are various mechanisms in LabVIEW to exchange data between the two loops, the most common being queues, in which case they process concurrently. You can also have a for loop iterating on an array. https://i.imgur.com/nRgyckx.png In LabVIEW, it's nice because it's trivial to configure the loop iterations to occur in parallel (if there are no dependencies between iterations), using all available cores in the computer. And by pattern matching I meant something like the pattern matching and type destructuring you find in SML, Ocaml, F#, and Elixir. > I have not seen any solution for tracking changes, differences,displaying versions, etc. I.E. git for pictures. LabVIEW has a diff capability, and while working for National Instruments, my team actually had a quite capable custom code-review system built out of this diff. This is an area that is brought up often, but text-based diff tools weren't magically found in the universe. They were built, and some of them are good and some of them not. It's not a paradigm's fault that tools like git were built around the idea that code must be text. I do agree that better tools need to exist though, but there isn't a reason for why they can't. They just need to be built. There are hard and interesting problems in that space, both technically and design-wise. > Some visual languages can turn an area into a 'subroutine', I have not seen any solution to build libraries of reusable 'subroutines'. LabVIEW has a third-party developed package manager in the JKI VIPM. And LabVIEW has features where you can put your VIs and classes into various LabVIEW specific containers, most usually source libraries, that can then be referenced and re-used in projects. Just treat the libraries as modules like you would in any other language. They should contain classes and functions that have a shared or particular purpose. > I think the short answer is that boxes and wires actually become harder to manage as the software increases in complexity. The "visual is simpler" idea only seems to hold up if the product itself is simple Why? Can you give concrete examples of this? I see this sentiment a lot but never any particular examples. When you start off with a prototype in a text-based language for something "simple", you don't extend it by continually adding in more and more input arguments and more and more complex outputs. You breakout the functionality and organize it into modules, datatypes, and functions. Same thing goes in a visual programming language like LabVIEW. When you start adding in more functionality to move beyond simple designs, you need to modularize. That reduces the wires and boxes and keeps things simple. In fact, I liken well-done LabVIEW to well-done functional-code like in Racket, Scheme, F#, SML, etc., where you keep things relatively granular and build things up. Each function takes in some input, does one thing and returns outputs. State in LabVIEW is managed by utilizing classes. > It's not efficient for large scale things. > You will always need non-visual languages to do things in a featureful and scalable way. What is an example of a system that you have developed where things broke down with a visual programming language? I just did this for a simple project. I indeed noticed that the startup time was extremely slow. The subsequent run-time was faster though, although still not that fast. So something interesting was going on via a per-terminal session basis.