One of the huge reasons for manual door control in fires is that the IR sensor to detect if something is blocking the door can't tell the difference between a person and smoke. Door opens up on a burning floor, smoke pours in, door refuses to shut, everyone gets stuck and dies. To the non-firefighters, this is why there are so many signs telling you do take the stairs. Power failures too. If you want a conversation between more than two people, Wave kicks everything's ass. And unless you're the kind of group that's comfortable with setting yourself up a phpBB, I can't even think of anything that comes close. Wave's problem wasn't that it's not useful, it's that nobody knew about it (of people I know, it had 0 adoption outside of computer geeks), and it couldn't integrate with desktop applications. A lot of us are stubbornly hanging on to Mail.app and Entourage because they integrate with our workflow better than web based solutions. If google had come out with a a desktop Wave client that worked with OSX's address book, photo libraries, etc, it would have had a lot more draw. That sort of integration is less expected on Windows, but I'm sure they could have come up with some compelling features that the website didn't offer. Why does your application request access to the photos and videos I've uploaded to Facebook? I'm fine with you having access to my Twitter information, but this seems unnecessary. Rent a storage unit or sell things you don't need anymore? But without controlling their software, Nokia's almost entirely surrendered control over their product direction to Microsoft. Contrast it to Apple, where having their own hardware and software lets them do things like the retina display upgrade. In Nokia's case, MS says "This is what the OS is capable of," and Nokia has no choice other than "Ok, we'll make a touchscreen with some buttons that comply with your interface conventions." They're going from a mobile phone company to a widget manufacturer. It's a position not very different from where Dell, Gateway, HP, etc have been in control of product design, but unable to innovate in ways that would really improve the customer experience. So they're relegated to hardware design (within some pretty narrow constraints) and differentiating their computers by loading some shitty bloatware on and saying " doesn't have a dock on all four screen edges like we do!" There's still money to be made in the hardware business, but it's not something I'd aspire to were I in the cellular industry. It's better than being put out of business, but Microsoft's lack of direction in OS design is likely to hobble them as they try to compete with Apple's ecosystem. I mean, WM7 tried to copy iOS 1 and say "Nah, you don't need copy/paste". Apple's continued to make progress toward a capable mobile OS, and MS still hasn't fixed it. Do you see them having a good chance at competing in the long run? My prediction: Nokia and WM7 won't be able to compete on features or design, so they'll compete on price. As the smartphone market portion continues to grow, a lot of it will be on the bottom end, with people moving from crappy featurephones to crappy smartphones. If they can find a market niche, it'll be the people who just say "I want a phone," and not anybody who knows or cares any more than that. Which is a pretty big market to be calling a "niche," but it's got slim profit margins. Maybe they can make up for it in volume. While I bought Minecraft with the understanding that it wasn't done and I was helping support Notch as he continued to develop it, it's not a practice I'd do for a non-game product. I've spent well over $13 on games and had them turn out to not be fun, or only amuse me for a few days. If Minecraft didn't pan out, I've barely lost anything. If it turns out well, it will be more than worth the money. Were it something important that I needed for my job, or were the cost less negligible, there's no way I'd throw a bunch of money at something and hope the inventor/developer/designer finished it adequately. If someone walked up to you and said "I'm going to build an electric car to compete with Tesla Motors, give me $80,000 and you can have the first one" what would you tell them? EDIT: Kickstarter too. I've invested small amounts of money in things that I think are worth supporting, with the hope that they get finished well. But I'm not counting on it. It's a risk vs reward analysis that I'm willing to try, but only on small scales. I'm sure it can be done (for the majority of cases) without editing any HTML by hand. iOS has text selection, so text styling and linking can work the same way it does on a real computer. For things like image arrangement, that's generally done via CSS by applying a class that already exists. Doesn't seem like there are too many challenges, we just need someone to go and do it and make it look nice. Magsafe goes up to 85W for displays and 15"/17" laptops. zlib didn't have licensing issues, it just wasn't fast enough I assume you mean the Blender 2.5 beta? The UI experience for Blender 2.4 and earlier was the least easy interface I've ever seen. Granted it's fantastic once you know how to use it, but good luck with that.