This is cool, but I feel there still something missing with all these browser based editors. For some reason I still prefer sublimetext2+firebug I had a similar impression. the video looks like the founders really don't know anything about the business they are getting into. The video looks cheesy, like a corporation trying to speak teen's language to sell them ice cream, not like somebody who understands artists. also it was hard to understand what the site does, there is something like a price slider on the demo page but does not slide. what the hell is going on? better read some explanation... the founder probably did many mistakes, good luck next time. this is one boring job. the guy does weird things from time to time. QR codes never became popular here in Turkey. I'm pretty tech savvy guy but I asked all the questions when I first tried a QR code. There was an android appstore that I can't find a download link, just a QR code, I didn't know how to download them and gave up. When I figured out that it holds information that must be interpreted by an app, I was amazed and fooled around to see how amazingly accurate it is at reading it. But still, I see why it never caught-on here. We are a nation used to transfer pirated audio/video files, crack games and just don't expect things to work like "take a photo and a website opens". There is a poster about a concert with a QR code? Just google the artists name with the city name and the first result is the website selling the tickets. Why bother to find out what is that funny barcode, download an app for that? Just google it, you will find what's going on... Oh they did care, that's why they hide and fight back. they are probably just morons filled with hatred and no plan other than "bomb this people". they just assumed that they won't be caught, didn't consider the possibility that they would be identified. actually attempt to hide identity in the crowd would look more suspicious. the idea of hiding in the crowd requires to blend in, not look like you are hiding something. ah, and sorry for the typos. duck duck go cares. they are small but with constant traffic increases. honestly, it is the only search engine that gives me motives to use something other than google. This is one of the things that you know instinctively and you can relate immediately when somebody puts it out in a formal way. Myself and a friend of mine suffer from depression and we both feel much better when we are somewhat tired late in the night. Anecdotal evidence was there, so we both used to get things done just before sleep. they can say it's napster(read piracy) when you are not traveling just for the sake of traveling, you are definitely looking for the comfort of the familiarity. if you are on leisure trip overseas you would not want to have the exact same experience that you have at home, you seek something novel. but when you are doing frequent business trips that you didn't want to go on first place and you don't have much time for anything other than work you don't want to do risky stuff. all your mind is over the thing you are supposed to do and you just want some "home comfort" to refresh yourself and get your mind ready for the task.