Get a lawyer ASAP! When you are an employee, the employer owns all your time. There is no such thing as "spare time" or "side project on my own". That's why employer can tell you that you have to be there and then, can call you at any time and can drug test your to ensure you are 100% committed to the company. It's just modern slavery. Sure you can negotiate such clauses out, but it would be still difficult to claim ownership to anything you make "outside work". For the future - if you are entrepreneurial, create your own company and work on a b2b basis. It is much healthier and you wouldn't run to such problems (or much less likely). This assumes the employer is only motivated by money, but there may be big egos that would sink the ship just for the sake of enforcing the contract. May be delicate and ugly. I think the "end-to-end" statement is also misleading as you don't really know whether the communication is indeed encrypted end to end. If you want true end to end ecryption you can grab a tool that will generate public and private key pair, send public key to your contact and ask them for their public key. Then use tool to encrypt your following messages with your private key and received messages with your contact's public key. Then it doesn't matter whether underlying transport is encrypted or not. Things like Whatsapp give false sense of security. I am pretty sure the messaging can be accessed but nobody will ever admit it. You can make it less obvious that you are sending encrypted messages by using two way binary to English text transcoder, so your messages will appear like an English conversation (although easy to pick as gibberish by a censor) You don't know whether private key is generated in a way that could be replicated on the server and you don't know what is running on the other side. Here in the UK government is pushing no rights employment under guise of fairer taxation. People providing services will be taxed as employees but will not have any workers' rights, including no right to unionise, no equal pay, no maternity leave and so on. Currently this won't affect existing employees, but from April nothing will stop employers from terminating their staff and issuing new NRE contracts on a take it or leave it basis. What's most bizarre is that even the unions are not too fussed about it, it's like they either don't believe this is actually happening or they just don't care. The legislation is in current Finance Bill and so far has met no resistance and likely is going to pass. You should be able to compile and run app that is truly open source if you have right tools and skills. Workers re-hired on a contract could defend themselves against lack of employment protections by working outside IR35 and providing these protections themselves. The change takes this away as only the client will be able to decide how worker is taxed. This favour agencies over independent workers as agencies have more freedoms what business costs they can deduct from tax and what salaries to pay to their workers. This is a seemingly subtle change, that changes from benign to lethal. When this happens people still will be able to transmit encrypted end to end messages, just they will have to encrypt them themselves off platform. I wonder how quickly this is going to be illegal and when algorithms to conceal true message in a regular text that makes sense will be more widely available. We are getting closer to thoughtcrime being a thing How is it even possible to sell products with these parts if you are unlikely going to get RoHS certificates? That's like asking to go bankrupt. You are essentially shifting the problem from entity to entity and from one domain to another. If you self host your repository, your hosting provider can pull the plug and you essentially end up in square one. If you decide to self host, you should consider multi-cloud cross continent and cross political doctrine cluster.