I think that small startups should ignore patents altogether. They cost a lot, detract from your mission (coding) and provide very little. You will not have the resources to prosecute should someone use the patent to steal your idea. The patent will provide no defense for someone else claiming that you infringed on theirs. You won't have the $ to mount a defense anyway. Worse still, the fact that you considered patents may give an aversary the ability to claim triple damages by implying that because you were "patent aware" you must have willfully infringed. Just file copyrights on your code as proof you were there first and leave patents to the MS's and Google's of the world. Use your time and effort to build your product. I'm not an expert of any kind, just my 2 cents. "The Joy of Sex" HA! Check ebay for the next week or so. You might be able to buy it back! Agreed. Whats being missed here is this: Registering a domain you think will be profitable in the future : enterprising. Registering a variation of a domain that someone else just registered because you think you might be able to extort some $ out of them : rotten. No cookie for you. A libertarian would think this kind of thing is repugnent as well. The difference is that a libertartian's first response would not be "we should pass a law forbidding this..." The macbook. Just plain macbook. I have both MBP and MB and I use the MB by far more. Longer battery, cooler running, lighter, no hooks to latch shut - all magnets and here comes the most important thing of all... Sleep. Yes sleep. Before I got macs I didn't think it was possible for a computer to come in and out of sleep so well. You can open and close the lid and it sleeps in seconds! Every time. Open and close it three times in a minute just to jot down a note or two. No prob. I can go days without recharging just popping it open when I need it. Forget to recharge, no prob, it has silently placed a hibernate image on the disk, just connect power, open lid, get back to work. This is a class act all of the way that no other manufacturer has even come close to imitating. Sleep on windows machines is laughable at best. Linux alomst universally bungles it unless you have "lucky hardware". I know, lots of people say "hey my XP laptop sleeps just fine"... No, apples do this spooky good. You just have to see it to beleive it. Get it for the good hardware and good support. Love it for closing the lid and never worrying that your work will be right there for you at a moments notice when you open it again. Photogs are a notoriously conservative bunch when it comes to this sort of thing. Witness the wedding photographer basically holding hostage the wedding pictures for extremely high "print fees" and denying the bride and groom any rights to reuse the pictures of their own wedding. This has been the "industry norm". We were unable to find ANY wedding photographers who were willing to allow us to produce a CD containing the photos from our wedding for the guests, at any price. A few high quality digital cameras and some volunteers solved this problem, yielded outstanding results and saved a ton of money. One more industry bites the dust thanks to greed and an unwillingness to change with the times. Good riddance. Perhaps someone should start a "nuisance registry" that tracks so called "artists" that abuse the spirit of the legal system in this manner. That way the rest of us can systematically ignore their "art" and they can quickly fade into the obscurity that they so richly deserve. This was a "pre-craigslist" affair. There were still dinosaurs roaming the earth!!! Instead we took a "the more cameras the better" tack. Not only did we have several volunteers with expensive high quality digital cameras, we also handed out bags of disposable cameras to all of the guests and encouraged them to snap away at whatever they found interesting. At the end of the night, they returned the cameras. 99% of all of the pictures were crap but among the nearly 10,000 pictures there were astonishing gems that no professional could have captured. It all came out to be less than half of the cost of the lowest price "professional" that we found. The CD was mailed to all of the guests a week later and everyone was captivated by the participatory nature of it all. Everyone has heard horror stories about the pro going out of business, or losing the pictures. When you have 300 cameras, this is not a fear that you have! There's a startup in there somewhere I feel it! Anyone game to develop it? Reboot once a year!? Who has time for that! I've got a few redhat boxes that just celebrated 900 days!