Is that a joke? Why would anyone vote to make that a crime? I through that three felonies a day is an exageration, but I'm definitely guilty of switching train cars. I suspect that while American kids might have been dragged into it by schools and teachers whether interested or not, international kids were all interested in it or at least choosen by teachers as good students. Also, I do not know how many languages do they support. However, if it is only english, almost all international participating kids are someone who learned foreign language. Which rules out worst cases. As far as I know, there was huge campaign in usa involving president and "everybody has to code" slogans. As far as I know, there was no such thing elsewhere. Many COD and WOW players are adults. According to some stats I read, an average player of big single player games is more then 30 years old male. So I assume that many of them will play multiplayers too. Plus, I know many adults that play those games. I'm not sure that COD is "ultra-violent". It is violent of course, but not much more then an average action movie. No, but death in most action movies are much more effective. Meaning they "feel" more real and killed people are more real. Plus, they are often framed in real world like story and often as positive action did by good hero. Killed guys in COD are just pictures - they have no personality or story. The action is in context of warfare and no one there is believably "good" and "bad". Only better at shooting. I do not think you can judge violence in such simple way. To use analogy, the movie reservoir dogs has scene with ear cutting where nobody dies. That scene is way more violent and disturbing then dozens of killed enemies by James Bond. I had multiplayer in mind - most call of duty players do not play campaign. But yes, that scene was debated a lot. I think that scene is something that makes Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 a game for adults, the same way as ear cutting scene in reservoir dogs makes it something for adults. As far as I know, other call of duty games do not have such scene. I may be wrong on that one through. He made list of some of the biggest very useful projects available for free and called that hall of shame. I especially like "Heaviliy-depened upon but abandoned or barely maintained" point. Should we really shame mainteners for not continuing free support of their open source projects? "Heavily-depended upon" kind of suggests "useful for many people". I do not really care whether they do not have time anymore, lost interest or died. It is still better for me if people abandon projects, then if they never even start them for fear they will not be able to maintain them forever. Sadly, middle management in large companies is full of miserable schmucks like this. They tend to get promoted, have pretty good salaries and rather small work-time. It is sad, because good middle management tend to make huge difference. It is exactly the position where these do the most damage. Or maybe Java has more huge projects then Scala or simply different kind of projects. Springs fits some projects better then other projects - duh - and they have to be big enough to make it really useful. I have no beef with spring, found it useful and not that much complicated in the past. That does not mean I'm going to use it in every new project I'm about to start. Because they want to hear yes. So, they will keep looking for it even if you start with no. Woman that wants to study computer science or like coding will have no trouble to go to study it. However, if a girl is not sure what she wants to do, she will almost certainly NOT pick up computer science, because it is thought about as a boy major. Conversely, if a boy does not know what he wants to do, he is likely to go for CS, because that is the "usual" decision. Not every boy who went to study CS was dreaming in code since elementary school. Most of them learned to code in college. However, CS girls I knew usually picked it up because they really wanted to do it.