This has to do with a series of 4chan posts under "anon works IT" https://imgur.com/gallery/B9wqU They do. Recently applied for a position I am somewhat qualified for (all the right resume keywords and x years of experience). Recruiter calls me in for an interview only to tell me the 'client' wants someone with a degree. Degrees are nice to have for getting past bureaucracy. However,I still maintain for IT an programming jobs,the time and financial investment is largely a waste. Identity based encryption. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ID-based_encryption "Identity-based systems allow any party to generate a public key from a known identity value such as an ASCII string. A trusted third party, called the Private Key Generator (PKG), generates the corresponding private keys...." I think it's innovative and a bit of "thinking outside the box". You do need to ultimately trust a 3rd party (same as in PKI or WOT I guess?). This. I live this everyday and they talk about it in terms of "insider threat" and "user behavior analytics". Yes , every last thing you do at work is being monitored and analyzed. You see,I am at a point where I wish it stopped at work. $work these days spies on your off work activities as well. Essentially making you their slave. If you don't experience this,then maybe your company isn't big enough to afford it(or if it is,please tell me more about this wonderful company that let's you do your job without 24/7 surveillance) EDIT:Just search for " user behavior analytics".Orwell would be impressed You can use those APIs but AV and dynamic sandbox analysis solutions look for samples that make decisions based on the return value of those functions. [flagged] I may have gone too far with the trumpist remark,I just saw a close paralell. I did not mean you were one. Anyways,you tried to make the story about the media,how this article is some sort of retribution. Yes I went too far there,I did not intend it as an insult,I only attempted to draw a parallel. Sorry. A person shouldn't have to prove they're not fake,the person making the accusation needs to backup his statement with proof(not speculation). Obviously,there is no reason to even give ear to accusations against her. But,I do have something against using your sex appeal and good looks to get more views,support,etc... A woman wearing skimpy dress,cleavage or breast accentuating(?) Top is just as inappropriate as a topless muscular guy wearing only a speedo and his privates bulging out while making similar tech videos. There are times and places to display what an awesome body you have and how sexy you are(for any gender) That being said,this slander,gossip and spreading false rumors is a terrible thing. Even if she was a "fake" it would still be an unethical and inappropriate response. Frankly,I think the people spreading the rumors are displaying nothing more than their own insecurity. Yeah, I don't have a problem with women in tech at all. They shouldn't have to sexualize themselves for success. Plenty of smart women (including likely the subject of the article) where their work is more than enough to compete with any man's work.