I rather enjoyed "The Truth About Hacker news and Communists." Apparently, "All persons claiming to suffer from hacker news are in fact shape-changing aliens." http://www.verifiedfacts.org/i/hacker%20news/NDM1MTE Good luck to all! Hope the new size works out well too. This seems incredibly unnecessary, especially since I might actually use their exchange if they ran one. (More design chops than most of the abhorrent exchanges.) Though an alert() is a rather inelegant confirmation... This article inaccurately lumps all software companies into one bucket. As rohamg points out, he makes a black and white argument about engineering vs. sales politics, while the reality is that this differs a lot by company. In fact, many of the larger software companies seem to be driven primarily by sales (including, increasingly, Google). At the smaller companies (incl. startups), it absolutely makes sense for engineering to be of primary importance. At this level, being able to constantly adjust to customers' desires is essential, and an engineering emphasis helps with that. This also flies in the fact of the supposed arrogance of engineers. If anything, I think sales people are the more arrogant ones: they think customers just need to be sold on a product, while engineers understand iterating on feedback is key to growth. Beyond being extremely generic, his advice underplays the importance of deliberate practice at coding. Honestly, if you can hack, the jobs will come. Sure, you might need to network a little, but the skills are the basis. Nobody from my school with technical chops is unemployed or without good internships. Meanwhile all the students who network and promote themselves but don't code are stuck in unpaid internship after unpaid internship. Fair enough. I did the same in high school, and it's certainly a good start. However, if people really want to be hired, they should focus on developing serious tech chops. ie. more than just slicing PSDs. While his research is very interesting, I'm not sure Sid Kouider actually can say much about consciousness. He came to speak at my school and his philosophy basically boils down to "working memory = consciousness." However, this definition of consciousness is highly disputed. Specifically, it fails to account for any of consciousness's phenomenological aspects. One might feasibly construct a computer to simulate working memory, but it seems unlikely that such a mechanism would be truly "conscious." Ultimately, Koudier is attempting to answer with science what philosophy hasn't even yet established a framework for. I'm pretty sure increased urbanization accounts for a lot of it. Also, more exposure to international communities where not driving is normal. At least, that's my justification for never learning to drive. All I get from this is: 1) You can use buzzwords. 2) If I can cure cancer, I'll be rich. Great insights there. I wish these courses would be less newbish. I might not know Objective-C, but I know what a variable is.