I wonder what the performance difference would be between using the Python Apache plugin and running qrencode - the C executable ( http://fukuchi.org/works/qrencode/index.en.html ). I know it's not clean to call shell commands from Apache - not to mention the obvious performance hit with swapping environments - but perhaps the ELF vs Python JIT might compensate for this. Also, i'd be interested in a comparison of features between the two. Weird you guys are having problems because it scans perfectly using the standard barcode scanner app on my Desire S (running MIUI): http://www.armyofcrabs.com/qrsnake.png Where does the "CHIP. CHIP, WAKE UP" quote come from. I recognise it, but I can't recall why. Clearly you don't hate software patents because you then went on to justify them. In fact, I think your whole attitude is backwards for the following reasons: While I agree with you that you cannot blame Apple (nor any other company) from filing software patents given the current culture within IT. You can 100% blame Apple for aggressively using flimsy patents to suppress obvious designs amongst competitors - forcing their competitors to deliberately cripple their products or risk having them forcefully removed from market entirely. That is not competition nor is that using patents defensively. What they are doing is exploiting a legal loophole to suppress legitimate competition. Also, the "don't hate the player, hate the game" saying really winds me up. It's basically just endorsing moronic behaviour so long as the culprit doesn't get caught. It's just a retarded view of life in my opinion. It was painful in a desktop browser too. It's ironic really that such terrible layout was born from a document detailing optimal layout concepts Well then the IP address you have for them will be wrong regardless of whatever method you use to store them. Personally I think it's only a matter of time until there's a "hacker" DNS servers for people to completely bypass all this shit. True, but that's copyright IP not patent IP. Because not all Linux distributions follow Linux Standard Base. It would be silly for (to use an example) Arch to have a lsb-release file when it's very method is anything but LSB. So os-release gives a unified file regardless of the distro methodology. In fact this file could easily be extended beyond Linux to any Unix-like OS - which lsb-release would be less practical for. Well for one thing LSB mandates using RPMs: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_Standard_Base#Choice_of_R... Well yeah, that's how Debian gets around the issue. However Arch doesn't have an RPM converter in it's standard set up (or if there is, I'm unaware of it). Personally I massively prefer Arch's package manager to anything I've seen on any RPM-based distro and it seems pretty pointless in having an "alien"-like RPM converter for Arch given how exhaustive Pacman + AUR is. However the point remains that Arch would fail LSB due to this.