Hi guys, this is Simone Brunozzi, the "new hire" at Amazon.com. Second Life is not the new holy grail, I just said that it was a key factor for me. Second Life is still in its infancy, and it's useful only in specific situations. I consider evangelists very important for an organization such as Amazon. They don't have an explicit position on Second Life, though. Best, Hi Spyrosk, the videos will be available shortly. If you want to get updated, send me an email (you find the contacts on my Twitter page, @simon). Best, Simone Thanks, evilswan. Do you have any feedback on how to improve it? I will shortly release a video version of it. Best, Simone Yannis, which service would you like to see covered this way? If multiple ones, which one should have the priority? Best, Simone (T: @simon) The video is now available here: http://slidesha.re/qefqHn (about 35 minutes) Best regards, Simone Since you need money quickly, this is what I suggest: 1) Sell your stuff on Ebay or Craigslist or similar. 2) Find temporary work for a company that pays decent money (Lyft, Uber, TaskRabbit, Mechanical Turk, etc). 3) My favorite: call a good friend, tell them that you need 2k within a few weeks, and offer a written payback promise. This way your friend will not feel in a too awkward situation, and you'll be able to give him his money back. Ask for a 4-month deadline payment, and offer interest (let's say 60 dollars?). If he's a friend, he'll help. If your friend is able/willing to give you only 1k, accept it. And find another friend who will lend the other 1k. It's doable, and there's nothing to be ashamed of. Then find some meaningful ways to repay that debt. Good luck. Hope it goes well. Before thinking about enhancing tranportation, we should ask ourselves IF we need to travel more. In the last five years I took 500 flights (all on economy class except for two), and I also took about 100 train rides. For "short" trips ( Sometimes I see random acts of kindness (like yours), and they still surprise me. I bet every one of us did a few, and received a few. Sown, you should go! Matt, you rock!!!! LOL!