The dmd front end is GPL'd. I tend to learn languages by writing compilers for them. I'm sure that isn't normal . D started 10 years ago. It's not a flash in the pan. Uncaught exceptions are caught by the D runtime code, and the appropriate message is printed. You can declare functions as "nothrow", in which case the compiler will complain about any uncaught exceptions in the function body. You can do "header" files with D, too. They're called .di files and the compiler will even generate them automatically, or they can be built by hand. The compile speed advantage D has over C/C++ is that in the latter the header files must be reparsed for every source file. In D, the header files only need to be reparsed once, and then it is looked at symbolically for the rest of the source modules. D is also faster at compiling because the lexical grammar is designed to require little processing. Since banks are both heavily regulated and customers' deposits are insured by the government, one can expect capitalist market forces to go awry with their operation. The unit test facility built in to the D programming language has turned out in practice to be a huge win. Sure, it's on the basic side, but the advantages are there's a standard way to do it that is little more than just writing out your tests right next to the function needing testing. This convenience factor tends to make a function look incomplete without the unit test. I put mine in the closet, and run long video/keyboard wires to my desk. Works fine. There are limits to unit tests. For example, suppose I have a function I need to be pure (i.e. it does not modify any global state). No amount of unit testing will prove that it is pure. But a static type system check by the compiler can prove it is pure. Unit testing and static type checking have some overlap, but it is not complete overlap. Both are desirable. Length-embedded strings are little better than the 0-terminated ones. You cannot take a substring without copying. The "fat pointer" approach has been used in D for nearly 10 years now, and has proven itself to be very effective.