I liked AbiWord. It was very lean and GTK+ friendly. But I always had little gotchas with the formatting and problems with ODF occurring between word processors that didn't occur as often when originating from LibreOffice. It had the clean/snappy interface that LibreOffice should have had, but definitely not the document feature support it needed. These days, I'm not sure why anyone would bother trying to revive AbiWord. Not that I don't have my fair share of software engineering projects that are specific to my interests, but I personally wouldn't go back to using it or LibreOffice. If I really need a full-blown word processor, Google Docs does everything I need, and their Chrome app works for offline use. Most of the time, I can get away with writing stuff in Markdown. Then again, I'm a developer so that appeals to me. Microsoft Word online also works well cross-platform. With either one, you may not get the best multi-format support, but they're both very dependable IMO. I couldn't depend on AbiWord most of the time unless I knew the same doc would be opened in another AbiWord instance. Web-based technology really is, I think, the best way forward in cross-platform development for things like word processing which are not CPU intensive. People can and should use whatever tools they want to get the job done but, if I was to start a new Linux/CP word processor today, I'd be using Node.js with Babel and make it "Web Native". For some things you'll want C++ but, for me, not this. But best of luck to them for sure. It's been hours and nobody has showed up to call this an atrocity? The JS world really is improving. Anyone else remember Widget Workshop? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widget_Workshop I loved this game as a kid and, while it's not really a programming language of sorts, it's great for getting you to think in a programmer's mindset. Logo bored the crap out of me, but I could make neat things with it. I feel like it was completely forgotten but something like it could have a real educational use today. Can anyone explain why everyone should vote? YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Life is full of trade-offs, and sometimes the choices you make don't work out. The author sounds pissed off because they took a risk that didn't work out, so he's telling everyone that it's objectively "bullshit" to make himself feel better about his lack of success like it's someone else's fault. The fact is that both the haves and the have-nots take these kind of risks all the time, and few succeed. But some do and many still consider the chances worth the risk, despite their failure. It really doesn't have that much to do with privilege, so much as creating a mental fixture from a statement like "follow your passion" and ignoring the fact that all statements are subject to exceptions. Basically, the post reeks of bitter naive white guy problems, and I want my 3 minutes back. The fact that I am even here is evidence that I quit my previous career to pursue a passion. I also don't assume that the same decision would work for everyone. But I'd hardly call it "bullshit". I couldn't agree more. Social media is not directly subject to the first amendment. However, there is a legitimate problem if entities that monopolize a communication channel apply subjective censorship; it's a threat to the first amendment, an American principle, if the mass can't actually carry out free speech. It can be argued that online speech has now been monopolized by a few entities; while I don't think that's entirely true, there's a nugget of truth in there. If Facebook, which now wants to be more of a media company than just a place for cat pictures, controls an obscenely large portion of online communication, that means they(a small number of people in reality) can have far too much influence in political discussion, freedom of expression, etc. While the side of me that's liberatarian says that people can simply not use Facebook if they don't like it, saying that alone is not going to stop the mass in the center of the bell curve from subjecting themselves to censorship, which indirectly subjects myself and others to that same censorship. What can make this worse is the continuing implosion of Twitter. If we want people to have some retain modicum of responsibility(i.e. just unfriend/unfollow/block), censorship that oversteps reasonable boundaries needs to be challenged, and our government can do that if they impose on free speech.(whether or not that actually happens, idk) Well, privacy in the sense that they don't want their mommies and daddies see what they post. Basically, yeah.