"Google's name still comes up when any evil corporate behavior is discussed in any nerd community (not so much non-nerd groups) because of that great catch phrase, especially when Microsoft is mentioned." I think it was Cringely who said something like: "Microsoft's slogan is similar to Google's, but slightly different. Be evil." They didn't bother to ask you whether you already knew RoR? Or they're willing to pay you to learn it? I want to know how you pulled this off. Skimming the article, I don't see how it's feasible to ethically engineer a "human equivalent intelligence". The author talks about engineering a toddler level intelligence, the reasoning being that the toddler program would not be capable of figuring out a way to "escape" its box and getting into mischief that humans would be unable to control or prevent. But the thought of "turning off" a toddler equivalent makes me queasy. Will the toddler think it is a person? What an awful, worse-than-Truman's-World-nightmare it would be for that "toddler" to find out the truth. Could we ethically "turn off" such a program? Even if it knows that it is not human, if it is truly equivalent to a toddler it is almost certain to introduce some kind of ethical quandries we cannot possibly predict before the program actually exists. I do not see any safe way to pursue this project and successfully avoid ethical landmines. I am also troubled by the vaguely utopian hopes this man has for his personal project. Attempts by people to implement any kind of utopian vision tend to end badly. Wil Shipley on unit tests: http://wilshipley.com/blog/2005/09/unit-testing-is-teh-suck-urr.html I think what he's saying is unit tests don't add much if you are doing UI type development. It is hard to write unit tests for UIs (web or GUI), so if most of your code is UI code, don't bother. However, if you are writing a library that will be used by a lot of coders, unit tests are probably indispensable. Otherwise, you would never be able to make even simple architecture or design changes (refactoring). If you have a wife and/or family, keeping the day job can very well be the most responsible thing to do. As far as I know, this is largely an American (U.S.) phenomenon. I don't think many other countries have the kind of disparity between managers and other employees that American corporations have. I have also read analyses suggesting compensation is often influenced by the fact that board members are usely CEOs of other companies who know that their compensation will go up if the compensation of other CEOs go up. If true, that would qualify as "sinister" in my judgement. $600 + ($60 x 24) = $2,040 (including minimum two year contract) So you misunderestimated the actual price. The hole will be shaped something like this: http://www.johnlewis.com/jl_assets/product/230404933.jpg As a parent of young kids, this was the most terrifying part of the article, if this trend continues. You mean my kids will still be living in my house after college, and I'll be expected to go to job interviews and negotiations with them? Bought by Compaq. http://news.com.com/2100-1001-207442.html