You may want to fix the link to https://medium.com/dialogue-and-discourse/anatomy-of-propaga... - yours requires logging in (and having an account). suspended. Collecting email-addresses without being GDPR-compliant is not a good idea in Europe, you might want to add a bit of legal text. The medium account of the article you linked to was suspended, the article cannot be accessed. Product development won't help if people don't know about it. Do more marketing (or start doing it at all). Talk to people that have done comparison articles on your topic in the past and explain your product and its' unique advantage to them (but don't expect them to include you immediately, takes time). Add videos that showcase your product (I'm lazy, I probably won't sign up and figure out how it works and if it works for me). Start blogging more, and offer solutions to specific cases ("I'm a XXX and here's how I used YYY to solve my problem with ZZZ"). From my experience: don't build anything for profit/public unless you have a marketing/sales plan/person. I've seen quite a few ideas fizzle out because all involved were working on the product and none were able/willing to work on getting people/companies to use the product. > but the point is that there's a case to be made for the word "homophobic." Yeah, but that case is rare, while the usage isn't. Homomisiac would be more accurate, though I find that too strong for many occasions: hate is quite high on the dislike-scale, and shouldn't be the first one to go for. > We think of real phobias as something we should tolerate in people and something we should be sensitive towards. That's not the case here. Unrelated: that sounds like you believe that people make a conscious choice regarding what they like and don't like, and to what degree they do so. I'm pretty sure you're going to have a rough awakening at some point. But that's not actually what it's about, is it? "They" isn't to be used instead of calling a female doctor "him" when you know she is female. I've noticed that more and more authors have just started to randomly (or by some pattern that I don't know) use "she" instead of "he" in about half the examples (as in "a user visits our home page. She might be annoyed when she has to wait for multiple seconds"). It works flawlessly and I find it much easier to read than "they" personally. I've talked to multiple people about content that I know includes that and nobody mentioned it in a negative way (but two people liked it). > Would you say that that employee should receive the same amount of tolerance and sensitivity as the one who was afraid of flying? It depends on how much I think about it and who is asking. If anybody who isn't academically interested is asking: Of course not, how dare you even present this idea! Otherwise, starting from the lack of free will, why are we judging them differently, and aren't we claiming that one made a conscious choice to not talk to gay people while the other didn't make a conscious choice to not fly? I'm with you that norms and traditions provide a clear answer, one that I'd most likely give as well intuitively. (And I'd be very surprised if you couldn't treat both with similar methods; neither is treated by firing her.) There is a difference between artificial change of languages and natural change though, isn't there? > I'm pretty sure Jones and co are crazy enough to believe much of what they pubish there. I don't believe Jones himself does, but maybe some contributors do. However: (some of) the audience definitely believes it. When they reproduce it, they do so with the best intentions. I agree regarding mistakes - otoh, being paranoid about making mistakes might be a good thing in today's media. Public shaming (by their competitors) isn't happening / working, that might be a good side effect.