I've been programming for about 17 years and here's what I tell my students: Every program has 2 goals: To explain to the computer what you want it to do, and to explain to people what you want the computer to do. Good code is readable and correct. The first time you encounter a problem, your first idea of how to solve it will be awful. This is true no matter how long you spend thinking about it, no matter how much experience you have. The best workflow involves thinking, then coding, then thinking, then throwing away most of your code and doing it better. You can't find the flaws in an implementation while its in your head - you need to see it on the screen before you can fix it. Your second implementation will generally be better. The best code I've written I've iterated on 3-4 times until it looks simple and obvious. Unit tests will help you iterate - write them before / just after your first attempt at the code. Then when you rewrite the code you'll have confidence that you haven't broken it. You're not writing poetry. Sometimes your code is hard to read because you're doing a simple thing in a complex way. Other times your code is hard to read because its algorithmically complicated. In the second case, spreading the algorithm out over lots of places will make it almost impossible to understand. So, don't stress out when you can't make your code into a haiku. Sometimes you can't - but you should try anyway. The best way to learn what good and bad code looks like is to read code. At first, reading code will be harder than writing it. You should do it anyway. Your own code is ok, but other people's code is better. Pick an opensource library you use and try and figure out how you would write it. Then read the code and see how they did it. Their method might be worse than yours. - But remember, their project is successful anyway. It sounds like the information density of a given syllable is decided subjectively. The subjective measurements are probably not proportional. It makes sense - Imagine if you're tasked with giving a numerical value for how much information is in a sentence. Working through the sentence syllable by syllable and picking an arbitrary 'information score' of each syllable, then adding the information scores together won't get you a particularly good result. The conclusion of the article (that all languages transmit data at the same rate) is supported by the research, but not proved by it. I suspect that if you read the paper, the researchers wouldn't make it sound so conclusive. It sounds like you're not looking for a bold choice; you're looking for language innovation to stop. The only widely accepted for loop syntax is the C-style for loop, which was invented 40 years ago and is vastly inferior to for..in loops, ruby's .each / .each_index and python's list comprehensions. That says nothing of generics[1]. The reality is, we can make much better languages today than Java or C#. [1] http://weblogs.java.net/blog/arnold/archive/2005/06/generics... I totally agree with your premise. I used to work at google, and every time I go back there / talk to my old friends it breaks my heart a little. That said, you've made two claims in your post: 1. All groups will get worse over time 2. Therefore, we should keep government as small as possible The refutation to the argument is that many other modern democracies have (proportionally) bigger governments than the US. These countries certainly get advantages from big governments (like social welfare, decent education systems, state sponsored medical attention, etc) but don't seem to pay much of a cost for it. As an Australian citizen, I will get paid a dole if I can't find work, all my important medical expenses are covered or heavily subsidised, our schools are decent everywhere, and so on. My taxes are a bit higher than yours, but not unreasonably so. I suspect the important difference might just be scale - Australia has just 20M people. Most European countries have similar sizes. Maybe if the US were lots of small countries instead it would work better? Its hard to tell... With redis, all your data must fit in RAM on your server(s). It really depends on how much data your application uses (and how much you expect it to use as you grow). The number of users who sign up in the first couple weeks after a google product goes live isn't predictive of the success of the product. Buzz had 'tens of millions' [1] of users checking it out in the first week after it launched, and wave had well over a million users try it out. Looking at search traffic isn't quite as good as user traffic, but its still interesting. Here's search traffic for buzz, plus and wave on the same graph: http://www.google.com/trends?q=google+plus%2C+google+buzz%2C... This is the search traffic graph of a healthy product (google maps): http://www.google.com/trends?q=google+maps&ctab=0&ge... [1] http://gmailblog.blogspot.com/2010/02/millions-of-buzz-users... > 3) do the exercises that seem incredibly futile in the second chapter, and do them over and over and over and over all your career. I got halfway through that paragraph thinking it was crap because it didn't apply to programming, then realised that you're absolutely right. In programming, the thing we do every day is we write tiny algorithms to do simple things. The abstractions come and go, but the simple "I need to remove a trailing slash on this string" sort of problems are (to me) the everyday practices. Everything else falls out of those little problems - the need for abstraction, the need for tools, the need for tests, the need for libraries, etc. Imagine I offer you two applicants. They're both fresh out of collage applying for an engineering role. The first one has never heard of MVC and has never actually used TDD. But you ask him to implement a binary search on a whiteboard and he goes to town. The other one will happily explain all the details of the visitor pattern, but when you ask him to manually reverse a string in his favorite language, he can't do it. I don't know about you, but I'd hire the first programmer in a heartbeat. Its much easier to learn design patterns when you know how to code than the other way around. Maybe its the same with shading in art, and scales in music. But, thats definitely how it works with programming. I had the pleasure of missing Ted's original post. I read it before this one, and it was pretty misinformed. I could write a similar article arguing that assembly is useless because it takes so much code to implement a web server using it. If your server runs in a single thread AND you do expensive calculations per request, you're doing it wrong. You should be caching results, and you need to either move the processing work to a backend server (written in C or something) or shard the frontend across a lot of cores (multiple processes / webworkers). In any of these configurations, nodejs will work great on the front end. But, most of Ted's post was needless bile. The argument he made isn't justified by the evidence he gave. Don't bother trying to argue with him, its not worth your time. There are nodejs web worker implementations to help with that kind of problem: https://github.com/pgriess/node-webworker If you use webworkers for cpu-intensive tasks (like fib), nodejs will perform just as well as all the other web frameworks out there. I used that to make a demo for my realtime collaborative editing library: http://sharejs.org/wiki/HackerNews The rendered markdown updates live for you and everyone else viewing the page!