Google today admitted to the BBC that "hundreds of the world's best engineers" were indeed out of touch: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/8517613.stm Enron. In the early 80's, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. The method was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. In an early 80s programming article, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. (He referenced the idea again in his recent book Prey.) His BASIC implementation was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. I hate the idea of Flash on an HTML5 appliance, but the article and (as of 10 AM ET) the other posts in this thread miss one obvious way of supporting this with no extra buttons/toggles and no double clicks, click-hold-clicks, or other unusual behaviors. If a user touches a Flash zone, show a cursor, and have the cursor moved by the iPhone's accelerometer. Tap to click. For elements such as the video player example, the cursor (just as on PC) can fade after time, and a tap or shake would re-show it. For most of the scenarios he mentions, using accelerometer to drive a hovered cursor would be a particularly intuitive solution. Sorry, false. We used this in 2003 for commercial purposes, as a way for Site B to verify the user had used Site A without setting a cookie. http://lastpass.com/ Gruber, almost alone in a sea of reporting, manages to mention Apple's action here may be related to Nokia's patent suit against Apple. So rewind a bit, to put this in context: - Apple accuses HTC of iPhone tech theft (2 March 2010) - Kodak prompts ITC to consider iPhone ban (18 February 2010) - Motorola seeks ban on US BlackBerries (26 January 2010) - Nokia sues Apple, says iPhone infringes ten patents (22 October 2009) One test for patents' validity is whether the company is enforcing them. With Kodak, Sony, Nokia, Motorola, RIM, and others suing one another as a business-as-usual step in licensing negotiations, the value of Apple's defensive patent portfolio at the licensing negotiation table depends in part on Apple's perceived willingness to stand behind the validity of their portfolio and enforce their patents. I'd suppose this is a signal to the marketplace not that competitors should create their own original technology, but that if they want to copy, they should license or trade. Sorry, I should have clarified that. I almost mentioned trademark law to compare and contrast. No, you don't lose the patent by not enforcing it. But you can lose the value of the patent both at the negotiating table and in the courts if there's a belief you won't enforce it or a belief you suspect it's unenforceable (e.g., if you seem to worry by using it aggressively, you could have it challenged, and lose it). First, as alluded to in the article, note the word "need": > "Perhaps it’s a by-product of the suit Apple is engaged in against (and initiated by) Nokia. Apple’s counter-suit against Nokia involves some of the same patents at play here, and perhaps Apple’s lawyers have concluded that they need to enforce them against someone like HTC in order to use them in their counter-suit against Nokia." Second, to quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "But neglecting stick licensing has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... When Nokia says Apple can't use GSM, or Kodak says Apple can't use picture previews, you just want them to withdraw those too? When they don't withdraw, will you just set your Mac and iPhone on a shelf till their patents expire, or would you rather have Apple jack up the price to cover licensing, or would you rather have Apple defend the products you've paid for? I don't see this as Apple's "first strike since Apple v. Microsoft". The handheld market went nuts and Apple's been dragged into an existing fray. Cross licensing among competitors has become a kind of CC hedging. Notice that the cross licensing spats involve companies with devices not software, explaining HTC and not Google. This handheld food fight has been going on a while. Apple got a few mashed potato splats to the face. It finally stood up and popped a tomato at HTC, and the rest of the kids realize it's standing there, now just a little ticked off, tossing a plump juicy red Roma in its throwing hand, with a whole pile more on the table.