A bit of a different perspective to some of what Joel wrote. http://positivesharing.com/2006/07/why-the-customer-is-always-right-results-in-bad-customer-service) Apparently not even if you post it three times! I'm extremely excited about this site. Startup stuff has always been by far my biggest interest in Reddit since it launched. As Reddit has grown my interest has faded considerably. Long live YC News! This has got to make PG nervous. How many people's life is he affecting? :-) He's definitely had an impact on my priorities in a very big and positive way. I hope everyone who makes changes based on his inspiration and motivation does it with a clear head and can take responsiblity for the decision and outcome. That movie is really great -- the title is perfect. I think it's basically a lesson in what not to do. Two non-hackers start a company and skip the make-a-great-product stage completely. Watching them it feels like borderline fraud. -- I bought Spolsky's "Aardvark" documentary and enjoyed it a lot, but I wish it had more YC in it. I wish YC funded two guys to make a documentary about YC. If the guys were good at it maybe they could create a product around that. Maybe something that makes it easy for "normal" people to make documentaries. "At the last YC dinner Joe Krauss talked about..." Okay, that's just not fair. Paul Graham _AND_ Joe Kraus? That's like cheating. How much do I have to pay to have these dinners recorded and published on Google Video? I can't be alone in being willing to pay. (Yeah..I know this is one of the big features of YC so probably not willing to allow recording...*sigh*) Definitely search. I use reddit's search feature all the time to find old articles. Brad is definitely my biggest technical role model by far. A completely open source stack: Linux, Perl (Apache mod_perl), MySQL. Besides creating LiveJournal he created Memcached, Perlbal, MogileFS, and OpenID which power some of the biggest sites (even competitors which he is happy about). He probably holds the record for scaling on the cheap. He's also unbelievably steadfast in doing right by his users. He has lost a lot of control since selling to SixApart, but he's still working hard. His blog is super great reading for wanna-be's like me: http://brad.livejournal.com/ The way he tackles technical issues is inspiring as hell, he says "there should be X" and then hammers away non-stop until it exists. MySpace's success came in spite of their technology, not because of it. There's nothing technical at MySpace worthy of emulation. A real technology startup could have done much better. Fox is short-sighted, non-technical, and greedy. They had to buy a start-up for over half a billion dollars precisely because they can't develop software themselves. Some other company just needs to harness the third party sites and build a the big ecosystem MySpace is neglecting to build.