ESR is wrong, Linus is right. The letter should be read in context, and it demonstrates the blunder of ESR. Here is Linus' letter on which ESR responded: http://lkml.indiana.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/0008.2/0201.h... And here are Linus' points, in short: http://lkml.org/lkml/2000/8/22/12 It's not Apple who built on Unix first, it was Jobs, who was fired from Apple. Jobs' work with Next was big part of Apple's comeback. Other Jobs' new decisions provided the rest of success. also re "how well that worked out for Apple the first time" -- actually: Windows managed to imitate most of Mac UI only with Windows 95, some eleven years after first Mac. Before Windows 95, Windows was ugly. Also note that some court decisions in Microsoft's favor were needed in order to help Microsoft imitate Apple in 1995. Absolutely not true that there's no difference. The speed of your desktop comes from using POWER. Today's desktop CPUs alone pull up to 130 WATTS. My desktop CPU bought in 2000 used 30 W. Now even notebook CPUs use more when they're not idle! Now I can come to a lot of web pages where only Flash ads use 100% of a modern CPU! That translates in 60-70 Watts. Then compare all this with the goals for device which should work with battery for hours. > Surely the best argument against Job's position is the iPhone itself. The most important and dominant crossplatform framework in the world is HTML+JS and Apple actually wanted it to take the place of native frameworks. But we all know how that ended and now we have the App Store. And with this paragraph you exactly proved why Flash doesn't have sense on the iPhone. he practically stole the phone and then sold it. he didn't even try to leave it at the bar, to ask the day later the bar people if somebody asked for it (the guy who was missing it returned more times!) he didn't try to return it directly to Apple (And maybe receiving the current generation phone as the present) he obviously wanted to profit by selling it to somebody else, as he asked more media companies! correcting the lies of jessie warden: When I reach his page I see this which hides his text: "Notice JavaScript for Mobile Safari is currently turned off. Turn it on in Settings › Safari to view this website." And I'm surfing his site with Opera on PC. Would you believe somebody of his competence? OK now I know about: "git pull --rebase" If only somebody would explain what this really does! The man pages are not helpful! git-pull(1) Manual Page says: "--rebase: Instead of a merge, perform a rebase after fetching. If there is a remote ref for the upstream branch, and this branch was rebased since last fetched, the rebase uses that information to avoid rebasing non-local changes. To make this the default for branch , set configuration branch. .rebase to true." Oh how clear. So let's try git-rebase: "If is specified, git rebase will perform an automatic git checkout before doing anything else. Otherwise it remains on the current branch. All changes made by commits in the current branch but that are not in are saved to a temporary area. This is the same set of commits that would be shown by git log ..HEAD (or git log HEAD, if --root is specified). The current branch is reset to , or if the --onto option was supplied. This has the exact same effect as git reset --hard (or ). ORIG_HEAD is set to point at the tip of the branch before the reset. The commits that were previously saved into the temporary area are then reapplied to the current branch, one by one, in order. Note that any commits in HEAD which introduce the same textual changes as a commit in HEAD.. are omitted (i.e., a patch already accepted upstream with a different commit message or timestamp will be skipped)." I'm lost! Now can anybody explain so nice like Yehuda did about the workflow, what and why that git pull did "wrong", and what the hell is that that "--rebase" does "right." Especially as here and there "--rebase" is described as something that "doesn't keep history" and therefore "bad." Note that I put "bad" "wrong" and "right" in quotes. I know that's all relative, I just want to get some simple explanation what's going on without reading "recursion see recursion" man pages! Thanks in advance! Why isn't --rebase default? Can anybody explain what it actually does and why it's not default, man pages are not clear to me? Every thing is explained by referring to a bunch of other things and there's not a trace of a simple explanation. OK, but I believe remote repo is there only to be pushed to, so then is there any example of benefit of pull without --rebase if the pull is anyway only done locally? http://progit.org/book/ch3-6.html Says " If you rebase commits that have already been pushed publicly, and people may have based work on those commits, then you may be in for some frustrating trouble." but not how that can happen at all, provided you always "pull --rebase" and then "push", and if that can happen at all, then what to do.