My experience with several of my clients who are paying Google "Customers" proves to me, at least, that Google doesn't consider those who pay for their services "Customers" either. The Customers are Google's advertisers. Granted, my experience only goes up to around 300 seats of "paid for" service, but locating a support resource that didn't shunt me to a FAQ or send me back an automated email telling me that my ticket was closed was difficult. I've always felt like the switch statement's "break" behavior should have been the implicit case, with a statement to trigger fallthrough if you really wanted it. I wonder what percentage of the time fallthrough is actually desired in switch statements. I would assume it's wildly in the minority. The module certainly looks neat, but being designed to use the manufacturer's "secure, reliable, distributed internet service" makes it appear to be useless for disconnected applications. Not every application of Wifi involves networks connected to the Internet. We had a discussion about this over on Server Fault ( http://serverfault.com/q/111813/7200 ) and UFTP ( http://www.tcnj.edu/~bush/uftp.html ), UDT ( http://udt.sourceforge.net/ ), and Tsunami-UDP ( http://tsunami-udp.sourceforge.net/ ) all came up as viable open source offerings (along with FileCatalyst and Aspera in the commercial space). All this makes me think of is "In order to transmit the same amount of information on paper, they would have to arrange for a 747 cargo freighter packed with telephone books and encyclopedias to power-dive into their unit every couple of minutes, forever." I haven't looked at the release previews yet but I can only imagine. The antique-looking Windows 3.1 font control panel persisted into Windows 2000, so I can't believe that we'll be rid of the trappings of more recent versions of Windows anytime soon. I'm a little disappointed with the answers from Zypher (one of the Stack Exchange sysadmins) and Jeff Atwood. Particularly troublesome is Jeff's statement "If you have a 'man in the middle' then there are deeper problems, like, you're using a compromised network." I'd argue that it's appropriate, from a security architecture perspective, to treat the entire Internet as a "compromised network". Admittedly, my use-case for the Stack Exchange sites (specifically Server Fault) is a little different than most people's and I'm a lot more worried about "theft" of my "identity" there than most people would be. Still, though, I'd like to see the answer revisited in light of mid-2012 technology / costs. I suppose I should go post something over there... At least where I am, in the US, hosting your own services at home is all well and good until you become frustrated with the piddly upload bandwidth you get from your ISP and the potential of running afoul of transfer caps. Consumer acceptance of "personal clouds" isn't going to happen if using traditional "cloud services" is cheaper, faster, and more reliable. I don't see that story getting better anytime soon. My personal situation is much the same as yours and it works well for me, too. I question how well, however, it would work for someone who is more into creating media with their mobile phone than I am, or someone who wants to share data from their personal network with friends / family. I don't think it's a safe assumption that the only parties upstream from you are ISPs and TLA government agencies. If script kiddies are hacking major corporations I think it's a safe bet that ISPs are vulnerable, too. Your Stack Overflow "identity" may not be of great value, but it's worth keeping in mind that any cleartext traffic is vulnerable. Being cognizant of sending data over the Internet in cleartext is a good thing, to me.