Also, gvim has more potential keybindings available than vim running in a terminal. Programming wasn't very well paid even when there was no competition from abroad. "someone gripes that systemd has dared to take over the functionality of invoking fsck on disks at boot time before mounting them" This is a good example of what the original article complained about: systemd is a step towards monolithic systems and a step away from the unix philosophy: "The Unix philosophy emphasizes building short, simple, clear, modular, and extendable code that can be easily maintained and repurposed by developers other than its creators..."[1] systemd is feature-creeping bloatware in the Windows mold and it's no wonder a lot of unix fans who value "short, simple, clear, modular, and extendable code" have a problem with that. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy Does anyone have any insight in to why something like runit[1] was never a serious candidate for a sysvinit replacement in any mainstream Linux distro? [1] - http://smarden.org/runit/ This article is just about what you'd expect from a non-technical blog writing about something complex and technical that its readers don't understand and have had no exposure to. It's filled with inaccuracies, misunderstandings and oversimplifications, from referring to vim as vi to claiming that "even the biggest Vi detractor will not dispute that it's faster than Emacs" . In the above claim, the author is probably talking about vim, not vi, and he's probably referring only to startup time, not to anything else. On modern systems any difference (if there is one) in startup time isn't noticeable -- especially if you run emacs in server mode and use emacsclient (of if you just keep emacs running). Startup time just really isn't an issue for most users these days. Much more of an issue is default keybindings (emacs and vim are hugely different here, but the emacs can emulate vim keybindings quite well with evil[1]), the various available plugins available for both editors, default scripting languages (vimscript vs elisp), and the amount of time you have to dedicate to learning and customizing both editors. [1] - http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/Evil "runit/daemontools definitely do things their own way" And systemd doesn't? Who do I trust more with my data? Google or Microsoft? Hmm.. Is it training or is it torture? The article addresses you concern about the affordability of health care: "Cutting costs is now seen as the prime directive in health care. Unwilling to reduce their profits or limit excessive pricing practices, the means to limiting expenses in the healthcare industry is by restricting or rationing care." A bunch of leading questions designed to frustrate the kids. Maybe if they actually gave the kids a manual, the older kids might stand a chance. They could also have showed the kids a game or actually tried to get them interested somehow. In fact, the kids did seem quite interested at first... until their interest was sacrificed for the sake of this "experiment", which already had a sad, foregone conclusion.