For example: flash your own image (without root, you can only flash image signed by T-Mobile/Google/HTC; how good is to have access to source code, if you can't build it and run it on real device?), create VPN connections, write useful bluetooth profiles like DUN (tethering done correctly) or A2DP. What you can do with root access is much longer list than what you can do the Google blessed way. RIL, audio, wifi and accelerometer, to name a few. Additionaly, the entire radio stack is also closed source (it is outside the OS - it runs on separate CPU, is stored separately in ROM and RIL communicates with it using shared memory). Well, welcome to 2002. Symbian/Series60 phones were doing this since then, without any dongle, using application called Psiloc Total irRemote. Do you think that people browsing Dell site are going to type in the ubuntu url? They may never heard of it. On the other hand, Dell is capable to upsell vista with xp. Why are they not capable to offer ubuntu using the same mechanism? People new to computers have no existing assumptions, how the computer should work and in fact have easier time to use Ubuntu than those exposed to XP/Vista previously. Try observing reality around you next time. (Yes, flame, he asked for that. It is amazing what some people are able to rationalize and be rude in the process). Great app, I installed it few weeks ago. But I have a question - do you have some bug tracker, where your users can put bugs and suggestions? I would like to suggest to split the minutes in usage summary by the direction, incoming and outcoming calls separately (in addition to weekdays/weekends as it is now). Well, it is also €15.95. This guy should really investigate others banks, right now he is asking Europeans for $20.70. They left it out for a very good reason. Basically, you have only two ways to notify device on the cellular network about some event: OTA-Push and SMS. OTA-Push is quite nice in it's capabilities, except that you need gateway with your cellular provider (for a fee, of course). The thing with OTA-Push is, that most cell providers didn't implement it since its specification in 2001. The another way to notify the device is sending SMS. They are not exactly cheap either and this may be well the reason, why OTA-Push is not implemented - why to kill the golden goose? There are hacks, that avoid OTA-Push and SMS. You can go ActiveSync route and keep long lived TCP connection open, but look what it will do to your battery. You cannot connect from server to the device. You know only IMSI, but not IP address (that's what OTA-Push is doing: translating IMSI to IP), or the device may even not have IP address or if it has one, it will be behind NAT. So today, you have two choices: killing your battery fast or do with SMS. That is not acceptable to Apple and the networks are not going to change. You better get to live with this situation. Illegal? Yes. Wrong? Not so sure. You should be able to download Queen songs or Steamboat Willie cartoon from the Internet. I see it as a form of civil disobedience against bought law. No matter how many trials the industry goes through, it will be not respected, because it is not balanced. Only if you live in US, or are willing to mess with US proxy. Sadly, most of the world does not live in US and therefore, hulu.com is not an option for them. Torrent is.