FYI: Big Ball of Mud has two meanings. The one author uses and Lisp meaning. "APL is like a beautiful diamond - flawless, beautifully symmetrical. But you can't add anything to it. If you try to glue on another diamond, you don't get a bigger diamond. Lisp is like a ball of mud. Add more and it's still a ball of mud - it still looks like Lisp." - unknown (alternatively Lisp is bean bag because it always returns to its original shape) He uses big ball of mud is a software system that lacks a perceivable architecture. Lisp BBoM is not lacking architecture. In the Lisp use of the term it means that you can extend the system incredibly without losing the "Lispiness". It looks and feels the same after extensions (if those extensions are done right). In Lisp building complex framework don't suddenly turn your programming xml-file configuration and annotating for code generators. This infographic gets metric prefix wrong. Kilobyte 1000 bytes, symbol: kB Kilobyte (kibibyte) for 1024 bytes, symbol: KB or KiB Same for all other prefixes. Kafkaesque. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kafkaesque#Legacy I think this might be good time to mention HiBase and Shades projects and related research for data structures and functional programming environments. http://www.cs.hut.fi/~siva/hibase/ HiBase was project funded by Nokia. The Goal was to develop a persistent functional programming environment with for telecom environments. The reason why it was functional was the observation that in functional programming environment you can model data as graph where references point only backwards in time. In other words, if you just constantly write your data into the database and have smart GC, you can recover very fast from crashes. Just like telecom environment likes it. The project was canceled, some say for reasons to do with internal company politics, but it showed huge promise. It was already 10X faster than competing commercial databases that were tweaked by their developers to perform well in testing. The author argues that when string processing becomes complicated, it does not matter and incorrect results are usually OK. Everybody knows about Bobby Tables? How about Mr. เจ้าพระยาบดินทรเดชา Unicode? What if somebody told you that if certain exotic names are entered into the system by certain input method, government officials can't find those people in their searches, including full text search to a police report? Progressives? Did you know that Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman supported the idea? Negative income tax is one way to implement basic income. There are others. Because they are not the same concept. Universal Artificial Intelligence is not same as Human Level Artificial intelligence. There is no reason to assume that human intelligence is universal. Or intelligence is biased towards picking berries and avoiding bears in three dimensional world. I find the argument for minerals to be off at least few orders of magnitudes financially, >"The Moon is full of resources - mainly rare earth elements, titanium, and uranium, which the Earth is really short of, and these resources can be used without limitation. Titanium is ninth-most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Normal soil contains 0.5% - 1.5% titanium. All we need is energy for the process of separating them. Rare earth elements are expensive but not so expensive that we need to go to the moon. After we have used all conventional mines for rare earth, we can get them from the bottom of the sea more economically (see for example: http://www.nature.com/news/2011/110703/full/news.2011.393.ht... ) Uranium would be incredibly expensive if it would be mined on the moon. In theory HE3 mining could be viable, unless investments in deuterium+tritium fusion reactor that would produce HE3 for helium reactors is better investment.