How so? the inspector in the nightlies is vastly improved over the dev preview, but if there's anything missing you should file a feature request at http://bugs.webkit.org It's improved, the entire look has not been redone -- obviously there's no point in throwing out the good bits :D The actual issue is parallelising it appropriately -- realistically the best you can do (with this approach) is hoist computation into a worker (which i'm working on) and you get hit by data transfer costs at that point as workers do not allow any form of data sharing between threads. I'm not sure if there is any way to feasibly improve threading of computation in a non-shared-state threading model. this sounds just like weak references to me CSS and html both support rgb(), rgba(), hsl(), and hsla() colors in addition to hex... This seems to basically be bitching about 'finally' (which is a perfectly legitimate thing to bitch about) -- but finally isn't java specific it also exists in JavaScript, C#, Delphi, and quite a few others (strangely however not C++, who'd have thunk it :D ) Yeah, I was somewhat puzzled about that title as it's clearly wrong. A reasonable number of these "wtf"s are just more examples of people failing to understand floating point. sigh One question i have regarding these is how fair are the tests, a very quick look at the tests shows for "pidigits" the lua code has the line: require"c-gmp"(g, aux) Implying that it is using the GNU Multiprecision Library for it's big integer support, whereas the JS code has: load('/home/dunham/shootout/bench/Include/javascript/biginteger.js'); Which is apparently a big integer library implemented in javascript http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~tjw/jsbn/ In other words, in at least one of the tests a comparison is being made between javascript and C/C++, not javascript and Lua. One of the big issues is that any JS function can technically walks its own call stack, which makes inlining very difficult, and for many of these tests the ability to inline is actually a fairly substantial advantage. The basic problem faced by a JS engine is that if it wants to be able to inline a function it has to be able to either: * Prove that it knows everything that the function may do -- in effect this means you can't inline any functions that themselves call functions, or any functions that interact with any values you can't consider constant, or identify before you enter the inlined code; or * Have the ability to at any point in time reconstruct the call stack, and all arguments correctly. One of these choices is exceedingly limiting in what you can do, and the other is vastly complex.