Thanks for your kind words. In reality I was somewhat headed in that direction. I started a tech business out of my garage about 12 years ago. Self funded. A manufacturing business. Based out of the US. Tough and capital intensive. After moving out of the garage I grew it to the point of having, under one roof, just about anything you'd need to design and manufacture quite a range of products: EDA tools, lab, prototyping equipment, fully-stocked Haas CNC shop, etc. Then 2008 happened. Long story short, we were not ready for the financial test that the economic downturn brought forth. After twelve long years of hard work the business went under. So, yes, I am basically broke. The problem with launching a robotics business is that it is very capital intensive. And, if it happens to be about humanoid robotics the potential for revenue is fairly limited. Most real humanoid robotics is still in the research domain. I don't know if I am interested in making toys. Maybe I should consider it. Still, making physical products is capital intensive and there's a very long delay between investment and revenue generation. Unless doing something relatively trivial the runway required is orders of magnitude greater than for, say, an Internet startup. My guess is that there is no way to get into humanoid robotics research without a degree. Even if one wanted to explore SBIR funding opportunities you need the legitimacy that degrees provide. I don't know everything. In fact, I am keenly aware of just how much I don't know. However, constant learning is a way of life for an engineer. And that's exactly what I've been doing my whole life. This, for me, seems to be one of those "if you can't beat them, join them" moments. University of Illinois keeps coming up as a good option. Frankly, I am not sure about some of the "easy" programs out there. For example, there's a BS in CS program out of the University of Atlanta that costs $12K for the entire program. A superficial look of at the program gives me the idea that it might just be a waste of money. For reference, UofI cost about four times that much. Nah. Apple should turbocharge education. Education is not free and it certainly isn't open. You pay for it with your taxes; the government decides what goes in the books and curriculum and unions don't let us create a competitive marketplace where bad teachers evaporate from the radar and truly good teachers compete and make two or three times the money they make today while providing a better education. Much like anything that government touches, the system is a mess and our competitors are eating us alive. I'll check them out. Thanks. This is all bad karma for Google. At some point they'll do this to the wrong person and, when that happens, I do hope that they pay the price in mega-bucks. This is no way to treat decent and honest partners. It is, without a doubt, being evil. I experienced another surreal variant of this a few years ago. We had some 200 domains in GoDaddy's "Cash Parking" program. They were there for probably a year when someone made the observation that the ads on these parked domains were all served by Google. Google, at the time, offered something called "AdSense for Domains". We decided to switch all domains to Google's domain parking program and cut out GoDaddy. No delusions here, neither service was going to make any money but it seemed a better idea to let parked domains host relevant ads without unpaid GoDaddy ads. Now, to be clear, when you make this switch Google controls the content on the domains and, of course, they own search. All went well. The domains started to show ads as expected. Then, out of nowhere, Goggle kills our account. No recourse. No intelligent conversations. A totalitarian and decidedly-evil "we are done" of sorts. Not one person from the office clicked on any ads. Far too busy making real money to do crap like that. Several of the domains we parked belonged to clients for whom legitimate sites were being created. Google's actions were brutally violent. There's almost no other way to describe it. Being that they are a de-facto monopoly I would imagine that a time might come when they migh lock horns with exactly the wrong person or entity and end-up on the receiving end of congressional action or some such thing. I really do hope this happens and that they suffer serious damage because of it. It is so ironic and frustrating to come across site after site with crap content full of Google ads and, on the other hand, to see honest site operators being punished by having an important source of revenue cut-off like that. I love many of Google's products but AdSense and AdWords' management, policies and their brutal handling of honest users who add nothing but value is nothing less than evil. Absolutely agreed. That said, Google offered this "AdSense for Domains" and we used it. As a reward for doing so they killed our account. Unbelievable! The bigger question in my mind is: Why use the Apple authoring tool in the first place? Writing a book is a lot of work. It is a huge investment in time and money. I would think that it would be far smarter to author it using a tool that allows output in a myriad of formats. And, yes, one of those formats could be ibook, but not the only one. Pink Floyd Mozart Bach These people need to be found and they need to go to jail for a very, very long time. The best possible response from the hacker community is to help dig these people out of their caves and turn them in. Why? Because this represents yet one more step towards the criminalization of the Internet. And this provides yet more fuel for politicians to get behind nonsense like SOPA. Keep this up and the Internet as you know it today will not be for long. There is no possible good outcome from these kinds of actions. Either we police our own ranks or they will do it for us. The difference is that politicians will use a sledge-hammer for surgery rather than a scalpel. Be the scalpel.