http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Durability+and+Repair "Of course, some problems require greater durability: we would not recommend using it for a bond trading system." I worked for kink.com for 4 years as a lead sr software engineer. We built an amazing platform on jboss/j2ee that deals with fairly massive scale. I finally decided to move on recently in order to get a change of scenery. While looking for a new gig, every one I interviewed with was quite interested to know what it was like working in the castle. Maybe it kept me from getting a few gigs, I don't know, but the reality is that the experience I gained at kink certainly opened up a lot of opportunities that I didn't have before. I'd say don't worry about it and go for the job. One bit of insider info is that porn companies have a hard time finding really good geek talent. So, if you are truly good, and most of you probably aren't, you can use that to your advantage. Good luck on your job hunting. The boring meetings and conflicts only came relatively recently. It used to be a really fun place to work, but some hires which brought in silly cover your ass politics and corporitification (funny word) really put a damper on things. I'm not saying this to be mean, just clarifying the facts from someone who was on the inside. I do love kink.com and hope the best for them. Funny, these AHN's come up every few months or so. I wrote a good portion of the code and architecture for the kink.com sites. Decided to leave after 4 years working there pretty much because my job there was done, things work really well. Despite what people might think, it was not hard at all to find a 'real' job again as my experience working in extremely high traffic environments is desirable. I did the backend stuff, but wrote a lot of the jsp pages as well. It is all Java/J2EE/JBoss/EJB3/Hibernate with some fairly complicated single sign on stuff going on to allow cross domain auto-login. Hi HN. Great responses. The reason for the title of my posting is not to call 'Subversion A Mistake.' It was because of something Linus said in his video (which I highly recommend you watch). Basically, what he said is that if you can't trust your VCS to have the code in it that it should (and verifiable via hashes), then that is everything. I agree. The Subversion Team, who are all great people and _really_ smart, made a huge mistake with adding mergeinfo to 1.5. It is a trainwreck of pretending to be able to do merges reliably, but in reality, it plain doesn't work. I talk about two specific cases where it breaks down in my posting, but there are many more. Subversion has a lot going for it, I just think that the mergeinfo feature should just be thrown out and reworked from the ground up. My guess is that it will never happen as people will move on to newer and better systems, like git. Nice job! This is full of fail. Your email address is not your identity. I must be able to change my email address without having to change my identity. It isn't about being surprised. Apple is still supplying the JVM. At my company, some IT guy sends out an email saying 'don't install Lion cause Java isn't installed and it breaks Network Connect'. It is this kind of unnecessary confusion which doesn't help anyone. My blog post is simply telling people how they can fix their stuff after Apple decides to make things difficult and confusing for people. So then why not remove ruby and distribute that separately? How about the multi-gig translation language packs that I'll never use?