Funny, that's exactly how I work with Fortran (2008). And I have Syntastic in Vim nag me every time I save if I made a mistake that the compiler catches. A great advantage over C/C++ is that even on 30 000+ LoC projects split into many files, compiling from clean takes less than 30 seconds. "implicit none", of course. I beg your pardon? I've used valgrind for this purpose on large scientific codes running with MPI on supercomputers. And that works fine. The PETSc team at Argonne National Lab, who write perhaps the most used high-performance parallell linear algebra library in existence in C use valgrind for debugging. Surely those count as non-trivial applications? Yes, I'm convinced that someone is already hacking away at this. Just look at the state of all eBook DRM being currently broken, and that's a much tougher nut to crack (and publishers have much higher financial gains at stake). Also, since no-one else has mentioned it: analog hole. Michelson and Morley called, they want their interferometer back. (In case this is too much of an in-joke: your theory was experimentally proven to be false more than a century ago.) There's this thing called a "jasager" that you might also be interested in looking into. Particularly combined with airdrop-ng. I was a bit shocked when I learned how that particular aspect of 802.11 is implemented. I'm on a similar kind of program in Norway, and I agree with you. Sure there are ups and downs, but most people enjoy and recommend the experience. Also, don't make yourself think from the beginning that those Ivy League guys are so much better. Go out there with the intention to kick their ass; that's the only way you will be able to do so. My project is part of an academia-industry collaboration which is funded by the Norwegian Research Council and by three external companies, and organized by a university. This particular collaboration is small, I'm the only PhD student, but there are many others, some quite big. For the people who prefer to bikeshed around gender issues and don't know their history of programming languages: this is not just a pun on that book, but also on the essay "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal" published in Datamation magazine in 1983. Which is by the way correct in pointing out that Real Men use neither Vi nor Emacs, but TECO. Oh yeah, and Real Man is a gender-neutral title in this context, like "fireman". This setup should be able to do IMSI catching (total hardware cost $750): http://hackaday.com/2014/07/05/a-gsm-base-station-with-softw... Inverted brewing is by far the best, but if you want to stick with the standard method, buying a metal filter helps a lot. Able brewing sells a very good laser-cut stainless steel one.