Agreed. Totally open office sounds like a disaster. I'm on a team of about 10 people, mostly developers, with a few QA specialists mixed. 3 are remote. At my office, we have normal cubes on the first floor. But, we spend 90% of our work hours in a "lab" on the second floor. The lab has one central conference table, so we're all facing each other. So, if we need quiet time to talk on the phone or concentrate, we go downstairs. But, the default for most of the developers is upstairs. Our analyst splits about 50/50. I really like this arrangement. I find I'm LESS distracted when I'm working in a group, even it we're just sitting around the table and not actually talking or pair programming. Of course, we can also work from home should the need arise. Overall, my employer is pretty flexible about all of this. Correct. PG County is only "low income" relative to its neighbors. If memory serves, it's the wealthiest majority minority county in the nation. Keurig machine in the kitchen here. I'm sure it offends the coffee-snobs, but it works for me (I drink tea, not coffee, so just use it for hot water). "My feeling is that consumers are so used to weird domains at this point that nobody really cares about particular domains..." I'd love to see some research indicating this is true. While I certainly am used to "weird domains", I still often default to .com when trying to find things. If I want to look at Ford's current line-up, my first instinct would be to try ford.com. Of course, that fails spectacularly when searching for Nissan cars. But will Israeli security practices scale? Ben Gurion served a bit over 13 million passengers in 2012. JFK served over 47 million. Sure, but it's located below the donation section, which still claims to be ad free. And the site itself is JAMMED with affiliate links disguised as pretty pictures. She can justify it however she wants, but at the end of the day, she's misleading readers (IMO). I'm pretty sure he's saying the guy/gal working from home with 4 kids running around can't be a productive employee. Which is probably true for most cases. Kids can be a giant distraction. "People said the same thing about the huge, bulky cell phones that came out in the 1980s." And, I can count the number of people I knew with those early, bulky cell phones on my fingers and toes. It wasn't until the smaller, cheaper cell phones of the 90s that everybody had one. Will Google Glass lead to something useful? Perhaps. But, will it be a game-changer today? I doubt it. And he's correct about speech interfaces. So far, all of the readily available consumer versions are horrible. "pot use in Silicon Valley... is lower than average. I've seen ... employees openly smoked pot in the office, ...pot smoked at parties etc. and a handful of friends smoke" Based on my experience in the DC metro area, pot use in Silicon Valley is FAR higher than here. Aside from a few friends who smoked in the their teens and early-20s, I don't see it much at all. Maybe DC is even lower than average because of the high concentration of government jobs (and the accompanying clearance process)? Yeah, I don't get it. It sounds like a noisy restaurant. clang bash bang