Yeah, most of the time when someone talks to me about gas mileage, they're interested in better mileage in order to save money or conserve gas, not to go further between fill-ups. So phrasing it as a 33% vs 18% savings hides that you actually save more gas, and so more money, going from 14 to 17 than 33 to 50. The last one is an issue, actually. The space invader one is the extreme case: it's already a shadow. And the border tricks for triangles are also shadow-resistant. In addition to portability for when you do need/want it, like others mentioned, just plain saving space. If I didn't still want to play the occasional game of Civ V with high graphics settings, I'd love to ditch the tower that sits next to my desk at home. Most web apps have a very low bar of good enough when it comes to language requirements. Especially when solid frameworks have already been written for alternative languages. Right now I'm doing Rails—Ruby isn't the absolute first language I'd choose, all things being equal, but it's good enough that I don't have a lot of motivation to use something else. (Previously, though, I was doing work on ancient Java servlets apps without any additional framework. That was frustrating enough to make me look for something else!) Facebook is already quite (but not perfectly—the big thing I've noticed is that the non-chat "messages" part of FB requires going into the FB app) well integrated into Windows Phone. And unless they have some truly groundbreaking interface ideas, I'd also rather see them continue to work more with MS on integrating into and pushing that platform, rather than introducing yet another one. Also, does RIM have particularly nice phones, hardware-wise, these days? Another reason I'd rather see them work with MS is that then anything particularly cool they bring to the software side could run on gorgeous Nokia hardware. From the link in that paragraph to the Facebook App Center page, it sounds to me like they're referring to the Facebook platform itself as an OS. Which I suppose is fair in a way, with all the services it offers, but it's hardly a mobile phone OS in its current state. When were they not cool? As a teen in the late 90s, everyone I knew had a discman. (Mine was bright orange, and got plenty of comments on how cool it looked. :) ) If it works well enough, of course it will be cool. Once everyone has one to get shit done with, "cool" will be one of the biggest differentiators to determine which one to get. If it doesn't work well enough, then it will be the new Newton—and even then, here we are 20 years later, and tablets are cool. I took my math and CS notes in LaTeX because I hated writing and wanted everything together in files that I had source control on, but I definitely didn't find it faster to type in the equations than write them out by hand, even with a fair bit of practice at Emacs keyboard shortcuts for common stuff. The Subscribe by Email floater is what drove me batty, on a laptop. Stuff floating to the left not apparently docked to anything should move when I scroll! Edit: it's a good list, though. Content > presentation, when it comes to actual reading material.