quite right, but "you are the product" is obviously even more true of Google, selling you to advertisers, right? Microsoft just wants you to want their product. Google wants to know everything about you so they can sell you to advertisers. More and more, to all companies, especially tech companies, we are commodities to be sold. Well, sure, and if everybody installed effective ad blocking software so they never saw a google ad, that would decrease the load on google's servers too. What you're asking for is awesome, but.... it's really hard to do well. The extra abstraction is hard to get right. Instead a bunch of decoupled components playing well together, you can wind up with a bunch of chaotic components having their dependencies changed out from under them, and seriously raising the barrier to entry for newbie developers who need to figure out how to put humpty dumpty back together again to actually build an app. Rails 2->3 tried to the general route you're talking about (but still with language API connections, not REST. That would be even harder in some ways) --- with, well, mixed success. And Rails starts out lower level (much less UI built-ins) than django, another thing that would make it even harder. I've had many failures in personal homegrown projects. :) Abstraction is hard. To do super high level of architecture abstraction _well_ takes experience and skill, as well as more developer resources. It's easy to go off into architecture astronaut adventures, and you end up spending all your development time trying to keep the parts working together, significantly sapping resources to actually, you know, provide new functionality. That said, there is certainly such a thing also as too little abstraction and too much tight-coupling too, obviously. There is a happy medium. Plus, it's actually really HATEOS that gives you discoverability, not just any old REST. But either way, I agree with you, while the theory is that if you do it 'right' one way or another it's self-documenting, I have yet to see an API which doesn't need good documentation to be usable. Well, actually, that's a lie, I've seen at least one: The TinyURL "api". Which is obviously extremely simple. Until I read the comments I didn't get what this was supposed to be --- ghostery for the win, blocks Facebook Social Graph and Facebook Social Plugin. > So even though the row has (from our perspective) a non-zero value, MySQL sees it as matching zero. What? Why does MySQL return the row with 'y' in it (in a 'binary' column) when you ask for "where row = 0'? wtf is going on here? That seems to be the real culprit here. I assume it's MySQL's 'helpful' conversion routines again, but I'm just assuming, I don't understand the details. i suspect a bunch of high profile projects already HAVE fallen apart; they just haven't fallen apart in high profile ways. "Still working on it" messages gradually decreasing in frequency until everyone forgets. The REALLY weird thing is that "cross platform exemption." This guy was NOT doing what that section of the ToS was meant to prohibit. But let's say someone else had an app that really was, that was doing in-app purchases without giving apple their 30% vigorish.... all you have to do is make it for Android too, and Apple will let you? Really? Does this really work? pretty sure it doesn't. The dude is in Europe. Most people in Europe don't even have credit cards, really. Credit card infrastruture is way less developed in Europe. (Let alone 'less developed' parts of the world, which still have developers). The whole world is not the US.