It was a joke. Some embedded processors lack a cache. I think it depends on who you want to hire. Triplebyte does an excellent job of finding people who would otherwise fall through the cracks. For example, as someone without a traditional software engineering background (physics degree from a good state school and work experience in rocket science), I didn't know many people in the programming industry who could provide referals, and my direct job applications weren't getting through the resume screens. Triplebyte has been really helpful for me there, and got me interviews with companies that care more about problem solving ability and are happy to hire someone like me who will learn on the job. Someone who designed the IR for V8 would no doubt have no trouble directly getting interviews with whatever companies they want, and people look you who screen applicants based on experience shouldn't have much trouble finding such applicants. General problem-solving / coding ability on the other hand is not quantifiable on an ordinary resume / linkedin, and Triplebyte's system provides a good screen (within the limitations of a few hours of testing) to quantify that. As far as I know, no company uses Triplebyte exclusively. It just provides a backdoor to onsite interviews with several companies (which was really useful for me cause coming from a non-traditional background I wasn't getting any callbacks from my direct applications to selective companies). There isn't really any downside to giving Triplebyte a go, aside from a few hours of your time. I don't understand this. Do you expect to get hired at companies without ever getting interviewed by them? Triplebyte culls out as much of the process as you can realistically expect to be culled i.e. everything before the final onsite interviews. For me personally though the main value was in getting contacted by companies that wouldn't have otherwise contacted me. I would have been willing to go through technical phone screens for those companies if needed, but not having to do so was an extra bonus. >Almost all other fields are capable of trusting third parties to certify competence. Employers in pretty much every other field complain that credentials are close to meaningless. As a result, they heavily emphasize work experience and demonstrable work accomplishments in hiring. This creates a problem for newcomers who have difficulty bootstrapping experience. Software engineering is unique in that you can at least get some idea of a person's ability through a day of interviewing (whiteboard interviews may not be a perfect measure of competence/ability, but they're way better than what is available in most fields), and don't need to use experience or credentials as a gauge of ability (though they use them as screening criteria to sift through the many applications they get, which is where Triplebyte comes in handy). The fact that employers directly assess the skills of job candidates is a benefit, not a drawback, for the field of software engineering. >Triplebyte's value proposition is to be such a trusted third party for software engineering, since universities aren't. If companies don't trust it, and view people who passed Triplebyte with the same "incompetent fraud until proven otherwise" lens they apply to everyone else, then Triplebyte isn't adding value for anyone in the ecosystem. Triplebyte is adding clear value to the ecosystem by finding candidates who would have otherwise fallen through the cracks and never gotten an interview in the first place, and matching them with potential employers. In my case, for example, Triplebyte has provided value to both me and Asana by matching us up together. Because of my nontraditional background, had I applied directly to Asana, my application would likely have never made it past their resume screen, and they would have missed out on a great candidate and I would have missed out on a great opportunity. One of the things they do is data-mining so they can match up candidates with companies where they're likely to perform well onsite (since different companies emphasize different things, Triplebyte can look through data on how their previous candidates have faired and find which companies will value your personal strengths): http://blog.triplebyte.com/triplebyte-engineer-genome-projec... >What they've realized is the way to hire more is to find the good ones that are sitting in the resume review stage of the hiring process, not getting looked at because they don't have stand out credentials. Yup, I was one of those people whose resume kept getting sucked into the review black hole due to lack of stand out credentials. I understand companies are swamped with applications and need some way to screen applicants even before phone interviews, but it was rather frustrating knowing I would do perfectly fine if I only I were given an interview. Triplebyte was an immense help here (just today I accepted an offer from Asana that I got through Triplebyte). I'm really a fan of your philosophy and what you're trying to do to improve tech hiring, and strongly recommend people (especially those without great conventional resumes) to give Triplebyte a go. Have any proof of this? Not true. You can lower the rate of false negatives without raising the rate of false positives using multiple measurements instead of just one, which as I understand it is what Google does for candidates from underrepresented groups. It will be harder if the parts and modules use ad-hoc specifications instead of adhering to some common framework (e.g. 5v or 3.3v power levels, imperial or metric sizing for drive axles, mounting screws, etc.).