Good APIs are like good code. You don't want to get creative. Instead, you want the API to be usable by being immediately familiar. Follow the lead of popular, well-designed APIs (Parse and Twilio come to mind). You should follow a predictable pattern, which minimizes the amount of time required to learn your API. For example, if your endpoints are in the "/[noun]/[verb].json" scheme, then you should stick to that all the way through. I suggest starting out by strictly adhering to REST standards, and then choose areas where you want to be flexible to increase usability (allowing POST calls to be overridden and interpreted as PUT calls, for example). Check out this checklist: https://mathieu.fenniak.net/the-api-checklist/ I can also enthusiastically recommend Apiary ( https://apiary.io ) for designing and mocking up your API. It's absolutely fantastic. PayPal is accepted in the Play Store. Do some research. You've seen GoldenEye too many times. Evil is selfish, not indiscriminate. Terrorists generally want control over some general area (or their own lives). They don't want to destroy human society. Society is what gives them food, shelter, and all the other things people like to have. What you're describing would take not just one person who wanted to destroy all of human society, but quite a few of them. I'm resisting the urge to offer you a tinfoil hat or ask if you're joking. Instead, I'm going to reason through this. The scenario you describe is unlikely. Before such a global catastrophe happens, it's likely that a smaller catastrophe will happen. Like the Titanic, the world will be shocked into preventative action. Governments will make laws. After that, the difficulty in collecting such massive amounts of information will be greater than the value in that information. Even now, requiring proper software security practices would prevent information-theft from being a viable business. You might get the occasional massive haul, but it wouldn't be an epidemic. Vladimir Putin is mad. He has done much madder things in recent months and years. I recommend BillGuard or something similar for anyone who is worried about losing payment information. Also, use/promote http://twofactorauth.org I like Facebook. It helps me keep up with friends in distant places. If you find it to be pernicious and intrusive, don't use it (or use it differently). Don't impose your dislike on others. "Peeing in the pool" is a great metaphor in that regard. Please let me know the URL as well. I'm concerned that the code base is open to SQL injection. I'm not a Python developer, but it looks to me like you're taking input from the user and putting it into queries without filtering it. That said, my nonprofit helps other nonprofits use technology, and ALL of them want a volunteer-tracking system. This is a very useful, worthwhile project. I tried Sublime and Atom and stopped using them because they didn't understand code. Netbeans has been my go-to editor for a long time now, and the reason is because it understands code better than any other editor I've used. It's actually uncanny a lot of the time. I'm going to try WebStorm soon, but at the moment, Netbeans (with some reconfiguration) helps me work the fastest. Edit: to elaborate a little bit, Netbeans does a great job of guessing types and arguments by itself. When it has javadoc-style comments (for any language), then it uses those. The autocomplete is really fantastic.