Ok, others have tried a little bit of the math, but this is a difficult form for that. So here is a very intuitive (i.e. hand-wavy) way to think about the type of relationships we are talking about. Suppose you have a (finite) cloud of points in three dimensions. For example, a bunch of GPS measurements. Lets just imagine that they are roughly elliptical, stretched out like a football. For simplicity we'll subtract the mean from this, so our co-ordinates come from the middle of this cloud. I can take this set of (x,y,z) points and and find the eigen (which means "characteristic") vectors and values for this set of points. The first eigenvector will point along the long axis of the "football" (right through the pointy bits) because this is the strongest, in some sense, single direction that is represented. It won't be perfectly aligned with a finite number of points... The second and third eigenvectors will between them form a plane perpendicular to this. So essentially what you've done is found a co-ordinate system that is aligned with the data (modulo some details, this is essentially what a procedure called Principal Component Analysis (PCA) does. Now that's the vectors, what about the values? The eigenvalues tell you the relative importance of each direction. If you stretch the "football" out, the first eigenvalue, which was associated with the first eigenvector pointing along the long axis, will be larger relative to the others. If you use a basketball, they'll all be the same magnitude. Does that help? The idea generalizes a lot from what I've told you, but there are a ton of places you can look up the details if you'd like. > That's NOT healthy at all This statement assumes facts not in evidence. There is a lot of argument about what the best distributions are, without any real resolution at this point. The author reasonable chose to target a standard without claiming it was the only way to go. This is what "no real resolution yet" means: every few years we get a pet theory or two. The reason this so easily devolves into a `religious` argument scenario is because the basic science is still too weak. The author did the right thing to stay well shut of all that in this article. It seems that often articles like this overstate their case to the point that it really detracts from the message. There is a valid point, that a naive analysis of linked list vs. static array based on intro CS course descriptions of their properties isn't a good model for what is going on in a modern system. The real lesson is: if you want to achieve high performance you simply must understand the impact of things like cache localization, vectorization, hardware prefetch, pipelining etc., and how your data structure operation will interact with them. "Never use a linked list" is a silly lesson to take from this though. "In these situations, linked lists might not perform as well as you expect" is more like it. "Use the right data structure for the job" is still as good advice as it ever was. Going into a Ph.D for the money is a bit like going into a sport for the laughs. You might well find some, but it's not the point. Synaptive Medical - Full time in Toronto. Newly formed Medical device start up in Toronto, young and growing quickly. We're building equipment and applications for neurosurgical procedures. It's a great group of engineers with a lot of energy and applications we all believe in. Current looking for people in many roles, such as: - Software development - Software test - Scientific software development - Embedded systems - Mechatronics - Optomechanical - Systems - User interface Highly relevant areas of experience for various roles: - Medical device industry - Medical imaging - MRI and MRI physics - Spectroscopy and endoscopy - Data converters (ADC/DAC) - FPGA - High performance interconnects - Realtime systems - Data streaming - Signal processing (image and/or video) - Neuroanatomy - Surgical suite equipment - Standards: ISO 13485, IEC 60601, ISO 14971, IEC 62304 Posting and application details at: synaptivemedical.com (or contact me: simon at the same domain.) I think the efficiency of these sensors is quite good, latest generation full frame camera sensor operate well at lower ligh t than you can see in, for example. Fitting more of them into tiny arrays and maintaining exposed surface is more of a problem, and noise properties could be better. At the end of the day though, there are limits to what can ever be achieved with tiny sensors like we currently see in most cel phones; you can pack things in more tightly but you can't avoid the optical physics. This property is quite intuitive. Small and big here are relative to the variance of the underlying distributions. Simple case: think about trying to decide if as normal distribution has mean 0 or mean 1. If the std dev is 0.001, it won't take you very many samples to be fairly confident to this resolution, but of the deviation is 1000, you'll need a lot of samples. Similarly if the std deviation is only 1, but you are trying to decide if the mean is 0 or 0.001, Far more samples needed. The intuition generalizes quite well. In the OP case, typically requires sample size estimates will be proportional to the square of the ratio between the size you want to measure and a deviation estimate. The article does mention this, at the end of the correlation paragraph. How does this project relate to crossroads IO, if at all?