Remember this is the SECOND time it has happened. Before it was the widespread hacking that resulted in Bitcoins being stolen. And users were never told exactly what happened and what was done about it. People have every right to expect the worse with a company with a track record as poor as Linodes. Sorry but having passwords in plaintext is not a "goofup". It is completely and utterly inexcusable. Storing passwords in clear text is definitely not normal. Also the social engineering implications could be huge. Many people use the same password across various sites so in theory there could be a lot of compromised email accounts. Which could then mean compromised internet banking sites, trading sites etc. I don't understand where you are coming from here. Why do you think companies can only do one thing at a time ? And where have you worked where software engineers are drafting press releases or conducting security audits ? And why shouldn't keeping customers (who have their own apps) informed be their top priority ? I am a former customer who was burned the last time they were hacked and were less than truthful. Now it has happened again and nothing has changed. Clearly non existent security audits (cleartext passwords ?) and still lots of unanswered questions. It should be crystal clear by now that Linode is fundamentally untrustworthy. No. Because Linode has been hacked before and exactly the same situation is playing out. Major compromise and selective release of information. I really do wonder at what point people are going to realise that they aren't dealing with a company who cares about their interests. > Google’s YouTube and Google Display Network have data on how a billion people prefer to spend their time. Have to disagree with you on that one. I doubt many people would subscribe to the notion that what they watch on YouTube is a reflection of how they like to spend their time. YouTube for many is nothing more than modern day trash TV. No I don't. You know why ? Because it never happened. This is very common place and I don't think there is anything wrong with it. What is unacceptable though is deliberately trashing your opponents. > This is coming from the perspective of a software engineer with 15 years of experience. Which makes your opinion actually LESS relevant and interesting. I would care more if this was written by a 50 year old father of two or a 14 year old girl. Those are the people you don't hear much from and whose buying decisions actually matter.