The commisioners only lowered the charges for users in the EU roaming in other EU-countries. For example, if you bought your contract in Germany, you'll have to pay only 0.10 € / minute while you're in Denmark. (Which is quite funny, 'cause I have to pay 0.11€ / minute for calling to other german carriers.) I'm getting here > speed 1640kIPS on the old Nexus 7, don't you mean 8kkIPS? (This value was the average while booting Linux) The best solution would be the one used by Linux: Separate Data and Software. On Linux there is a specific flag that has to be set and is not set per default to make a file executable. So if you run something, you know that you are running it as a program and not opening it as data. Windows on the other hand marks everything as executable which begins with MZ and whichs filename ends in .exe or .com The battery life of the Nexus 7 is almost the same using Desktop Ubuntu compared to Android. Have you gotten all the features, the iPhone 5S got? Do you have the nice blurred Control Center background? Android's Problem is fragmentation, and it wouldn't help at all to just backport some functions to older devices, because then developers coulnd't be sure about tthe availability of any API. Or printing out and handing it over. I'm running Kubuntu with KDE, but fullscreen flash videos are also very bugged, how did you fix them? There is a german lawyer blogging about his experiences on lawblog.de, but aside from him I never saw any lawyer/judge/etc. on the internet talking about their job. I've got a really interesting example of this: I installed for my little sister (12 years) Kubuntu on her computer, now she has used it for half an year and she says it "just works". Using Windows XP or iOS at school is really difficult for her, because it is "so illogical", "nothing works as expected". Firefox with 30 tabs and several Youtube videos uses about 334MB So, while surfing just 5-8 websites at a time you'd have enough memory. Sometimes I'm even using a computer from 1996 which struggles even with xp – it's good enough as a compile server (Pentium II).