Its because the robots.txt file is created by combining a static file ( https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... ) with an on-wiki page so that different language wikipedias can manage the file themselves - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Robots.txt In wikisyntax, starting a line with a space ensure's that its in a pre tag, so this was a way to make the onwiki page show the entire thing in a pre tag and not use normal formatting. This seems to be broken by actually starting a literal pre tag inside the first line, but I'm pretty sure this used to work as a way to display the entire thing in a pre tag. For the curious, the code generating the robots.txt file is at https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... Wikipedia does have that https://haw.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka_papa_kinohi In order for wikipedia's anyone can edit to work, its really important that when someone makes a bad edit to a popular article that it can be removed immediately. This is important both to get things fixed quickly and to make it less of a juicy target so less people vandalize (no fun to vandalize if it doesnt stay up). I suspect latency in the minutes for cache updates would be unaceptable to wikipedia users Yes but if someone replaces the picture on the trump article with goatse, and non power users get this version for 30 minutes until the cache clears - they are going to be pretty pissed and start yelling to power users & just generally cause a PR disaster. Additionally if vandals know their vandalism will stay for 30 min, they are much more likely to do it, which is a vicious cycle I took a latin class in uni. I think it did help a bit because it made me think about the syntactic structure intellectually, where my native tounge the syntax comes intuitively. Not saying it magically made me a super programmer or anything, but i feel like it certainly didnt hurt my programming skill. In canada, its common in a lot of places, but not universal. When I was growing up, we had K-8 in one school, and then 9-12 as high school, although I think my home town now has a middle school system. Its not an ad hominem. Its only an ad hominem if someone makes an unrelated personal attack against the source of an argument. The original argument was that these documents are suggestive of facebook corporate culture/evilness. A counter argument that the documents are cherry-picked by someone with a grudge (which may or may not be true) directly responds to the original claim that you can gleam a fair picture of facebook based on these documents. Thus it is not an ad hominem (that's not to say that it is necessarily a good argument) To do what precisely? Separate the advertisment unit from the socialnetwork aspects of the bussiness? How would that work, the advertisement portion is what generates revenue for the social media product. Usually companies get split up so they cant use their dominance in one area to forcibly move into another area. But advertisements in facebook social network isnt a separate product-its what the social network is selling Also fandom (aka wikia, aka wikicities) Although i agree he's had a lot of underwhelming projects, and i dont see anything particularly special with this one >“I believe the Canada companies … are managed in a way that the administrators simply declare annually NO-ACTIVITY. In other words, they cheat a bit,” So the trick to using canada as a tax haven, is to lie on your taxes? I feel like that approach also works in other countries