Good luck with that. I daydream of a similar path (though Spain/Portugal rather than France). 150,000 people die every day. Check www.breathingearth.net and watch the counts of births/deaths, how quickly they move. Watch the deaths. Try to imagine each one as a real human being with a funeral, mourners, leaving a gap in other's lives. It's hard - impossible? 100,000 people is a _lot_ of people. That's not considering all the suffering that happens before many of those deaths from illness, disease, accident, war, muggings and assaults... I don't think people could stay sane if we couldn't be dismissive (or perhaps, accepting) of mass suffering. I downloaded a Ha, I thought, Vim will eat this for breakfast. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Right, I'll break out the Emacs. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Hmm, what else do I have. Notepad. opened in seconds . :) Promptly followed by search and replace can't insert newlines . :( If 80 in 10000 people who read Hacker News click on that link and 80% of them read all of the page, and 9 in 200 of them would previously have voted up the link and 32% of them leave New York at 14:10 travelling at 55mph, what is the probability that one of them is Bruce Willis? The world is just waiting for Fax-to-Voicemail. Just play the faxmail recording into your fax machine to get a convenient printout of the message! Like an email you can skim read the text, like a phonecall you can be sure it arrived. The best of both worlds! Oh, sorry - the prior probability that any given person is Bruce Willis is roughly 1 in 6x10^9. I can follow the nice, sensible text about how you can take an initial probability of something happening, and a binary test which branches into four outcomes including genuine and false positives and genuine and false negatives, and the ratios coming from the four branches describe how accurately the test discerns the two possibilities, and the more accurate the test the more tightly coupled it is to the thing you are testing for and the more it drives the initial probability one way or the other. "A Plan for Spam" - an initial probability than an email is spam. A test such as "does the email contain 'vi4gra'" and some probabilities calculated from your email archive of how often spam contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and how often ham contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and you can precisely adjust your probability of an email being spam based on whether it contains that text. Training it on your email archive means you can judge incoming email never seen before without being unfairly prejudiced against it just because it's new, only judging it on whether it has spammy characteristics - and Bayes' Theorem applied to your previous email _tells you what it means for an email to have spammy characteristics_, is that right? It seems kind of straightforward, and yet I can't (yet) follow it through numerically so I clearly don't understand it; I may be glossing over big important parts of it. So if 300 people have a 30% probability of having a positive result from a mammography, and 60% of people who don't have a positive result aren't 40% less likely to not have a 1 in 10 chance of already being a winner ... wait, where did the train come into it again? :( If you do that, and load some information from a slow storage device (hard disk), calculate on it for a hundred years, then write it back, load some more, repeat, until you have computed "one planck time" accross your entire simulated universe... ... at what point in the loading, crunching, saving, does the information inside feel concious and self aware 'in realtime'? "If you're investing $500+ in a chair, you'd understandably want to be sure it's "the one"." Really?. Go to ted.com and watch Barry Schwartz's video on the paradox of choice... you will probably be happier with your chair if you have no choice of chair, or choose it quickly and are stuck with it, with no opportunity to change your mind than if you try dozens of them with 30 day no quibble return policies to find 'the one'. That seems an unwise choice... "Bayesianity states that, when you die, Pierre-Simon Laplace examines every single event in your life [...] Then Laplace takes every event in your life, and every probability you assigned to each event, and multiplies all the probabilities together. This is your Final Judgment - the probability you assigned to your life. Those who follow Bayesianity strive all their lives to maximize their Final Judgment. This is the sole virtue of Bayesianity. The rest is just math. One who follows Bayesianity will never assign a probability of 1.0 to anything. Assigning a probability of 1.0 to some outcome uses up all your probability mass. If you assign a probability of 1.0 to some outcome, and reality delivers a different answer, you must have assigned the actual outcome a probability of 0. This is Bayesianity's sole mortal sin. Zero times anything is zero. When Laplace multiplies together all the probabilities of your life, the combined probability will be zero. Your Final Judgment will be doodly-squat, zilch, nada, nil. No matter how rational your guesses during the rest of your life, you'll spend eternity next to some guy who believed in flying saucers and got all his information from the Weekly World News" - http://yudkowsky.net/bayes/technical.html "Is anyone else ever disturbed by the attempts to "make X fun!" by inclusion of cartoon characters and other inanity?" Yes, Mr Lockhart is - "A similar problem occurs when teachers or textbooks succumb to cutesyness. This is where, in an attempt to combat so-called 'math anxiety' (one of the panoply of diseases which are actually caused by school), math is made to seem 'friendly'. To help your students memorize formulas for the area and circumference of a circle, for example, you might invent this whole story about 'Mr. C', who drives around 'Mrs. A' and tells her how nice his 'two piesare' (C = 2πr) and how her 'pies are square' (A = πr2) or some such nonsense. But what about the real story? The one about mankind’s struggle with the problem of measuring curves; about Eudoxus and Archimedes and the method of exhaustion; about the transcendence of pi? Which is more interesting? measuring the rough dimensions of a circular piece of graph paper, using a formula that someone handed you without explanation (and made you memorize and practice over and over) or hearing the story of one of the most beautiful, fascinating problems, and one ofthe most brilliant and powerful ideas in human history? We’re killing people’s interest in circles for god’s sake!" - http://www.maa.org/devlin/LockhartsLament.pdf (which I originally found linked on HN or reddit, and enjoyed reading ... but then what? Where is a near layperson to find mathematical writing that walks the line between Mr C and his two pies, and the impenetrable mathworld.wolfram.com, neatly skipping the textbooks written to look comprehensive to school purchasers, rather than to be useful? ( http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/11/lost-purposes.html ))