We've been incredibly busy working away at a new version of Esquire.co.uk. I think we've really done big things with a small team of just two core developers. Take a look at the site and let us know what you think! When I looked at chemical symbols before seeing this I had always assumed them to be a sort of vague outline of what was really happening. It's amazing to think that the way chemicals bond is the same in reality as drawn in textbooks. Just as an aside Firefox has a bug which means it blurs SVGs that are being displayed at a different background-size than 100% 100% (or equivalent in other units), if the width and height set in the SVG is smaller than the size at which it is displayed as a background image. This happens because Firefox apparently (only for background images) renders the SVG at it's size settings and then scales it for use in the page. This is the same type of issue as discussed in the example - it's a bug in the browser not a problem with SVGs in general. See the related bug here: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=600207 To me the most interesting thing about all this will be the level of integration between the systems and their ability to filter and record information, figuring out who is likely to have done/said/thought what (using very agressive machine learning algorithms) and tying that in to an email address as the key. There is no court order needed from an operative I'm certain to get my Internet history from the fibre optic side; why would they even need to bother requesting info from google etc. directly of they can just start filtering on certain cookies in real time. SSL might be difficult to break, but I can see that you could easily proxy SSL connections at the network level... Maybe someone can explain to me how a man in the middle attack against SSL can be prevented? I always find it funny that taxes are only for the poor as far as I'm aware. In reality speeding tickets aren't for reckless driving they are for funding police departments. The laws we have are and have always been designed to require whole teams of specialised people at great expense to debate whether, in fact you are or aren't in contradiction of them (insert campaign for plain terms legal messaging that is binding). In fact the law is so complex now that if you can pay for the smartest people to get you off the hook on technicalities. We didn't get onto corporate power and influence in this thread (yet) but you get the idea. Is shut up and take it an option anymore when it's looking increasingly likely that governments corrupt and subvert real public debate (infiltrating organisations like Greenpeace with trouble makers), monitor everything you do on the internet and can trace it all back to you, and should the policies change under, say a Nixon, McCarthy or worse you could find the apparatus on your doorstep for a making everyone a suspected terrorist fairly soon. Turnkey Tyranny is exactly the correct terminology. The truth is you can't trust the NSA to do the right thing and anyone with any common sense can see even in very very recent American history the powers of the state were massively abused. Freedom, democracy, these always have just been words to sugar coats a system by the rich for the rich. I the more you look at the system the more you realise that Chomsky is right about power and that you and me all need a fairer slice of the cake (both monetarily and in terms of our say in how government happens). What is good is that the means of production is coming back to the people; I can see the rich and powerful being very scared indeed by this. Within 20 years 3d printing and Open Ecology will have given _you_ the means to pretty much never need to buy anything from the man again. Real communities that live off the grid can happen within our life times (and it not be the most tiresome back breaking work in the world) and maybe we can find a bit of happiness in the joy of being human rather than the endless procession of churning out ever more so that the rich above us can steal it from us. Why would these communities need money? On what basis would they be taxed with no income? We clearly need a new relationship between the people and their governments when this is illegal. How does this raid help a single person and where is the harm to anyone? Can we not have this baked into the law that the basis for any police action should be: 1) harm prevention 2) helping individuals who are being harmed. The law is so complex and pointless at this point that we often forget why it's even there. Who specifically suffered because of this - not even the hollywood studios should be thinking this is bad - I'd like to know. To make arrests/raid homes for these sort of 'crimes' people should need to prove harm (rather than assumed harm) which funnily enough is nigh on impossible when there isn't any. There is far far more harm in the raids than in the original crimes - that's how far gone the law is at this point. > Perhaps you should pay your carers better, so you can hire quality people.... Easy to say things like that isn't it.