University has never really been about real world application. The professors and lecturers that i've encountered are really smart people on the cutting edge of thier fields, if they wanted to lecture about these technologies tey would have no issues. University is really about teaching you the principles which rarely change much, then depending on your course building up to more real world situations. Theres no point focusing a whole course around the newest technologies then having someone not have the flexability to adapt to new changes or work in an older area. they could just captcha the poll, it's not like they really need the random votes of people to lazy to fill it out in the first place. seems like ip authentication is useless now because of the amount of proxies avaliable to people. I'm guessing that this wouldn't be competitive in the market at a higher price point? From a personal viewpoint if I was going to pay for a backup service i'd be open to paying more. I guess free alternatives would make that hard to be a competitive business move though? For many startups I don't really see a great advantage to a formal office setup in the in initial phases. In the current climate where funding is had to come by solutions like this make a big difference. Even if it is good enough, the perception of what is good enough is constantly changing. At a point in the past the steam engine was probably considered good enough. I think it would be a dangerous thing for the technology industry to fall into the trap of thinking what we have is good enough and killing innovation. Even if the product is good enough there has to be a driving force to constantly improve. There is lots of possibility for computing that just isn't attainable with current machines. Things that probably weren't even thought of when we were back a stage from where we are now. Seems there were many advocating real estate as a safe investment during boom times. Just goes to show that there is no such thing as a safe, high growth investment. Gauging by my mostly non tech inclined friends list the average person is only interested in quizzes and top5 lists in terms of apps. Still considering giving facebook a try for promotion of the site I'm working on but don't hold high hopes for a lot of traffic coming from it. Any information source as rich and as useful as this would be impossible for the indie iphone developer to obtain for a decent price or free. Apart from social networking based information which would be a very competative market on the iphone already. I think the real money for the indie developer is in casual games. At the time though the things that were happening with the internet were all largely new concepts. New graduates who had been studying heavily web based technologies would have had the advantage over an older person who may have come from a DOS background. These day's although still evolving I would say web based technologies are a lot more stable. Unwritten hacker news law that every coding horror post has to at least get a mention.