I use Gandi, too, for the same purpose. A bonus is that the corporate proxy at work (which blocks DynDNS domains for reasons that are beyond me) does not mind me accessing my personal server. GitHub has a script for DynDNS using the Gandi API: https://github.com/jasontbradshaw/gandi-dyndns It's actually older. I remember using this in 2007 to write lecture notes in LaTeX in collaboration with a friend (our notebooks being connected by Ethernet since the university did not have WiFi back in the days). > allocating the memory for variables Allocation of N variables on the stack is O(1) since it just moves the stack pointer by the total size of all variables. That's called "Design By Contract". You formally specify pre/post-conditions of functions and invariants of classes (such as "cap >= len" in this case), and have the compiler enforce that automatically, e.g. by inserting runtime checks. > This article is deeply flawed... change in wages != change in standard of living. Measuring "standard of living" is a very hard problem. At least they're being clear about their definition, so I can judge the correlations they find for myself. Not necessarily. If the app changes seldomly, you could reuse a CSS file across multiple sessions, whereas the HTML (i.e. "GET /") is probably always served up fresh. That does not apply, of course, if your initial HTML page is a static asset, too. That always depends on the market. While Chrome leads the US market like IE used to, Firefox is for example the most-used browser in Germany. Maybe it would have been a valuable approach for Mozilla to work with a specific market when introducing Persona, e.g. the big German webmail providers. This fits in well with the "code as craft" argument presented in the comments here. Most craftsmen need to make a living by producing rather boring, functional pieces in a large volume, while occasionally taking the time to manufacture an intricate masterpiece. In this sense, your run-of-the-mill Rails app is the IKEA table of coding. Designing an ergonomic phone interface can be grouped under communication design, thus art. Constructing a quantum computer using optics clearly falls into the physics department, at least until physics spins off an engineering department for quantum stuff, like it spun off mechanics and electronics in earlier centuries. I consider the term "computer science" historically motivated and anachronistic. Similar to how old people would stereotypically describe their child's job as "something with computers", we muddled subtopics of various sciences together just because they're doing "something with computers". With computing technology and methodology now permeating nearly all areas of science, art, and engineering, maybe it's time to tear down the computer science departments and reintegrate their pieces back into the appropriate departments. Or maybe we shouldn't, for we would lose the extremely diverse curriculum that a CS degree includes. I've heard mathematics classified as a "structural science", as opposed to the "natural sciences". Theoretical CS fits into that "structural science" umbrella term very well.