Being able to choose a place to live strikes me as so American; reading the article I realized I've never considered the possibility of living anywhere else than where I was born (Paris). In fact my mother was born less than half a mile from where I was raised, and today I live less than two miles away from there, 35 years later. I feel a little bit like a tree: if I move I'll probably die; besides, what's the point of traveling if you don't come back to your friends to tell them about what you've seen? The "virtual city", however, changed everything; I check Reddit everyday (or more accurately, every minute! damn addiction), watch The Daily Show, read Slate; the problem is I have a hard time finding people to talk about it. "In Boston they ask, How much does he know? In New York, How much is he worth? In Philadelphia, Who were his parents?" -- Mark Twain It's funny how little has changed in more than a century...? I don't know, I never tried. I don't understand why mobile devices have so little "RAM" when they have fixed storage in the tens of Gos that is effectively made of memory chips...? What is the difference between the two kinds of memory, and why isn't more RAM added? Is it a cost problem? a size problem? both? Or is the CPU not capable of addressing more RAM...? I get htmlspecialchars() [function.htmlspecialchars]: Invalid multibyte sequence in argument when trying to access the homepage? http://i.imgur.com/K390I.jpg Although visited links are quite visible on HN, I sometimes end up clicking on articles I've already read; marking them as "hidden" avoids this (as hidden articles are non-clicable). Articles can be "unhidden" ("show" link); hidden articles are remembered between sessions, for 7 days (since articles move rather rapidly on the front page there is little point in remembering the status longer -- should maybe be user-configurable though). The "option[s]" page has just one option for now -- open links in new window. I wrote it for me and I use Chrome; also, it uses localStorage to remember preferences, which is not available everywhere (I couldn't get it to work with recent versions of FF for example). But if there is demand I can try to repackage it as a greasemonkey script (Chrome extensions are essentially greasemonkey scripts anyway). Once it's installed, if you reload the page you should see a "hide" link below each article, after the "comments" or "discuss" link. If you don't see it, it should be either that you're browsing HN on a different domain than "news.ycombinator.com" (?) or that you're using a version of Chrome http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/getstarted.html but some things are not totally obvious so I might compile what I've learned in a blog post, yes! Wow. You're quite the debugger! ;-) It was indeed the problem (you had to have options before you even used it!) Fixed it in 0.1.2.