The specification for this standard, along with the fields, lengths and meanings are in this document: http://www.iata.org/whatwedo/stb/Documents/Resolution792_Jun... Also W/m^2 Really? Mini-hell? He posted a request for the author to take it down, the author agreed in the very first reply to this request, and as far as I can see, it was acted upon in less than 12 hours. The flap that followed was a disagreement about the style of Zed's request. A semantic argument, which is pretty far from an ongoing personal torment. I'm not defending Martin, by any stretch. I'll agree with your assessment there. On the other hand, I don't think Zed should be particularly surprised by his reaction. Nor do I think he's ignorant to its cause. I've had power transfer switches fail more than once. Just because you have a redundancy available doesn't mean you are reducing failure points in the system. "Maybe some people had pointed out the problem and the fix before.." How modest. Or, run egress traffic shaping. Put a hard limit on the upload rate from your PC to your device, put this at about 98% of your actual "line rate." Problem solved? You do the egress shaping at the router, not on each individual machine. And you shape the entire interface, not individual traffic flows. As far as jitter in the outgoing rate, that's what the buffer is there for. What shaping helps you avoid is: a) filling the buffer and those side-effects and b) prematurely filling the buffer at a high rate while the rest runs at a low rate. I've been doing this in my home networks for years, and this is exactly what egress shaping does for me. The local router drops packets, the internal clients back off. The reason he had those problems, I'm guessing, is that he never setup traffic classing filters. Generally, I've never run _just_ TBF/HTB + SFQ. I've always run them hierarchically, HTB on the top interface, then several HTBs feeding into that one. Each of the lower HTB queues has a different amount of "flow" allowed to it. Once you approach it this way, it all works rather nicely. As the multiple queues allow you to spread bandwidth, but also priority into the higher level queue. I can run telnet/ssh sessions during a torrent swarm with no issues.