What are your thoughts on combining the programming subreddit and this site? I know I'm probably just bringing up an issue that has been beaten to death somewhere in a hideously long thread, but consciousness makes me think strong AI is impossible. This is my line of thought: 1. Consciousness is essential to human intelligence, because our great mental advances come from our awareness, and objective description, of our own mind and thought processes. 2. A consciousness is by definition irreplicable, since two different consciousnesses are essentially different. 3, If strong AI is possible (and computational), and there is no essential difference between copies of the same code, then multiple identical copies of the same IA mind can be made. 4. If 1 and 2 hold, then 3 is false. Therefore, strong AI is impossible. If any of these assumption need elaboration, let me know. And please, by all means, direct me to that hideously long thread instead of answering my argument in detail. I don't like to waste people's time. Much obliged. Cool, thanks for the reply. Well, if consciousness/free will an illusion, doesn't the notion of illusion require a consciousness to be having the illusion? And why does it make sense to say we have to act as if we can choose to act in order to act, if it's an illusion? Yeah, I know the arguments in the end tend to boil down to: we're just matter, therefore all intelligence is AI, QED. But, can we go the other way? AI is logically impossible, therefore we're not just matter. That's why I'm interested in the purely logical case for AI here. As for whether it is meaningful to say we aren't just matter, it seems so on the surface of things. Most of oure concepts that we use to communicate aren't material, especially if consciousness is an illusion. I.e. there is no such physical thing as 'red.' Yet, we still seem to communicate quite effectively, even better than when restricting ourselves to purely physical terms. At least in terms of thought experiments, it makes no sense to me. Think about it like this. If I can copy my consciousness and place it in a different environment, then I should be aware of that other environement at the same time I'm aware of this one. But for this to happen, information has to be transported from both locations to eachother in no time. While pretty awesome if true, the laws of physics don't allow for this, as far as I know. So if I said I was going to give you immortality by copying your consciousness, but you wouldn't be aware, wouldn't you feel gypped? I like what they do with microfinancing in india. Give someone a little bit of money to start a simple street business, i.e. food vendor, and only give him a bit more if needed to help his business run. The real problem is throwing money at problems without much thought. We westerners have done this way too much. Kids' creativity and problem solving abilities are significantly underestimated. It would be cool if scientist could record their research in a machine understandable format. Then people could either state their assumptions or conclusions and the computer would provide the other side, or state what information is missing. Oh, I know that scientist currently use computers to prove things. I mean as a general method of organizing and correlating knowledge that anyone could use. I've seen a similar project, an ontological Wikipedia, but it's probably too tedious for the general practitioner. Though I'd agree with his portrayal of 7 Habits. Reads kind of like those How To Get Rich books that are meant to get the author rich.