Quora to the rescue: http://www.quora.com/Twitter-Inc-company/Why-does-Twitter-ne... For real! These guys are masters of the universe. Obviously they couldn't massively overvaluate something. Does giving away half your startup for $1,000 in writing count? 1) I believe your "top 5 highest taxing states" is inaccurate. In 2000, at least, California ranked 19th in combined state + local tax burden according to the U.S. Census Bureau, which is decidedly middle of the pack. Pretending like we're the most highly taxed state in the country is deceptive and gives the impression that good governance (well, bad in our case) comes for free. Note that though the ranking of 19th does factor in our larger economy, it doesn't account for the reality that more highly advanced economies require a better trained and more specialized bureaucracy. So just as we shouldn't be surprised when Sweden has a better compensated civil service than Namibia, all things being equal we should expect for California government to account for a larger portion of the economy than Mississippi's or Oklahoma's, instead of being in the middle of the pack. 2) The Economist is left-leaning? Heh. 3) Most technocrats, be they left or right, absolutely hate the 40% rule as well. As a Democrat, I'd gladly trade a repeal of Prop 98 for a repeal of Prop 13. Hell, I'd repeal Prop 98 just on its own. Government by ballot box is terrible. Imagine a world where California were 4 or 5 separate states. Mendocino to Santa Cruz, including the Bay Area, as one; LA and Ventura as another; San Diego and the Inland Empire as a third; Central Valley, Shasta, etc. as the 4th. Probably would improve governance, as the Republican Party we deal with in the Bay Area would offer people like Tom Campbell instead of Prop 8 NOMers. In state level taxation. State and local taxation and spending, however, are highly coupled, and looking at state level taxation in isolation can be misleading. Especially in the case of California, where local property tax rates were made artificially low, and as a result state income tax and sales tax artificially high. As far as sociology or expose goes, the article is uninteresting. What, a giant corporation uses every legal means at its disposal to make sure it gets only good PR? What, there exist serious race and class disparities in the United States that manifest themselves in the workplace? What, Google has a good PR department that doesn't reflect actual internal practices? Quelle horreur! What's more interesting from a sociological perspective is the range of most of the reactions here on Hacker News, which seem to vary between "he doesn't understand that this is just how things work" to brick shitting freak out ("passive aggressive", "nitwit", "see a psychologist"). If you find yourself immediately jumping into defense mechanisms, stop for a second and think about why that is. I've found that turning off Firebug significantly improves Firefox's performance. Have others had this experience? Well, there are a couple different possibilities here. One would be for him to buy things for himself--this would shift consumption to luxury goods. Another would be to give them to his workers, which shifts consumption to everyday essentials (and, increasingly, middle class goods). What he's done is shift money toward capital investment, which shifts consumption C from the present to (1+x)C consumption sometime in the future. I'm not sure that's a bad thing--it's all about the time discount rate you're using in evaluating the value of economic decisions. Whose consumption is also relevant here, but a century from now the benefits of his forsaking consumption will be fairly diffused. Is this true, though? The unstated assumption appears to be that doing any single thing can be highly parallelized and the window of opportunity is infinite. But reality is rarely that kind. (1) Some things take 40 years of consistent mid-level effort. Even if you could quadruple your effort on it, it wouldn't get you there in 10 years. Building a family, for instance. (2) The chronological window. We live in a unique time in history (as have people in every other time). It's an incredible time to be a web developer, for instance. Ten years from now I doubt there will be as many opportunities. In the 1950's, you had amazing opportunities at being a worker in heavy industry; in the 1960's you could play a valorized role in the space race. Nowadays neither is an option. (3) Age window. Different ages lend themselves to different things. Sure, people in their sixties can run a marathon, but it's a hell of a lot easier to do it in your twenties. And unfortunately many of the things we might want to do are early on in life--people's career paths are fairly set by 30, and we've passed our physical peaks by 30. These aren't hard and fast rules, but they're both very real tendencies that you've got to account for in managing your life plans. (4) Some things actively conflict in more than just competing for your time and dedication. It's impossible to have an undergraduate experience that is both set in a large Southern state university centered around sports and a small private liberal arts college in New England. Multitasking to the point of constant stress can lead only to disaster, of course. The solution isn't to pretend that you'll eventually get to do everything you want but instead to choose carefully what you want most and then do it well.