porn is no longer allowed (well, cannot reach) on /r/all I did not know that aimee was born in 1997, nor can I find when her father's crimes actually transpired, other than that he was convicted in 2018. My initial impression was that aimee was a transwomen well into adult hood (an adult complicit in these crimes). This whole thing is going to blow up spectacularly if it comes out that the father committed these crimes when she was in her teens, and she is a product of being a victim in an abusive household. I don't understand, did she double down that her dad was innocent/what he did was ok? All I am aware of is that she says she did not know it was happening. And frankly if she was only 15 or something at the time, I would likely believe her. I would also leave open the possibility the she was being abused too, and feared retribution. At least with cigarettes, it takes 2 - 4 years to really cement your addiction. Plenty of younger people (well I guess it's with juuls now) tell themselves they can quit whenever they want, and take break during a week of family vacation. No problem, so they keep on smoking. 5 years later when they try to quit they realize that maybe they weren't as bulletproof as they thought. I know for sure it happened to me. Of course caffeine could be totally different addiction wise, and thankfully not nearly as deadly, but just some food for thought. I'm D tier programmer who would easily land a programming job if factorio was the skill metric. I'm not a programmer, I only know enough C to do simple embedded micro designs. Electronics is my jam, so I probably could get much better if I took the time. Small talk and the like is tiring, but getting to talk about your pet project with others who grasp it's depth is a rare and exciting thing, and there is no denying that in person communication flows the best. You can't even do that for civil servants though. The actual number of "encounters gone wrong" vs total encounters is vanishingly small. People think there is an epidemic of police murdering minorities, but in reality the number of unarmed black men killed by police is somewhere between bear attacks and babies drowning in buckets in terms of annual deaths. That's not to downplay the horror of such killings, but to put it into perspective of the pervasiveness of the problem. The media and especially social media of turned it into a full blown public health crisis. I have a friend who bootcamped for 6 months and landed a $130k/yr job at a buzzword start-up doing app development. No previous coding knowledge or really even tech interest. He did accounting previously. He makes 3/4 of what the president of my small defense contractor company makes, a guy who has been an RF engineer for 35 years prior to taking on the leadership role. The two fresh grad EE's we have are both spinning software in their free time to nab software dev jobs over EE jobs, because the pay is often double. You might find this interesting https://inflationchart.com/spx-in-m1 It basically shows the value of the S&P 500 as a function of total cash in the system.