1) Productivity. I get a lot more done. 2) Great UNIX implementation. 3) Great file/user/permission organization. 4) Super-easy backups, with no command line switches to remember. 5) Since I have a Mac, my boss steers me toward fun projects like getting started with iPhone development. 6) Feeling of investing in myself, making a commitment to getting a lot done. Turns out the Mac helps a LOT with that. Can't see the flash preview thingy on the lower right. Can see the other ones. I've seen this before with flash in Firefox. Might be an interaction with the AdBlock extension, which can be uninstalled over my dead body. ;-) When this happens on other sites, I just scroll down until the top of the flash item reaches the top of the browser, and then it displays. Can't use this workaround on your site, because there isn't any more content to scroll down to after that. BTW I don't mean to complain! Nice looking site. I'm just assuming you were hoping for feedback, so there it is. For anyone wondering the other question, what about salaries for experienced developers, keep in mind the numbers others are sharing here are just what was asked for, -starting- salaries. After a few years, the salaries are much higher, but still under $150K. $130K plus options is pretty standard in the West Coast for an experienced developer with or without any degree. Seems to have jumped up some in the last couple years along with gas prices. Google, though, pays less. GroundWork ( http://www.groundworkopensource.com/ ). It uses Nagios under the hood, but I wouldn't want to set up Nagios by hand (without the GroundWork config tools) at a largish site like ours. Are you trying to goad the nyt by aping their design style? Well done, in any case. Love the credibility concept, but it will be challenging to pull off. For one thing, people will treat the 'credible' button as an upvote button, and use it for stories where they agree with the headline or think the headline should be seen by more people. Nothing wrong with that, except that the site isn't providing anything new. Also people can be misled about credibility because the content comes from a branded site they already agree is credible, but that could be wrong too -- see how the New York Times messed up the Wen Ho Lee story. Also the herd tends to miss a lot, so I'm not sure sorting which news I see and don't see based on the (distorted, see above) herd consensus is a good thing. We already have plenty of sites that do that, and they are riddled with rickrolls and two girls one cup. The best Unix machine you can get (things just work, no driver issues) is a MacBook Pro. It also allows you to develop for iPhone, and for Windows if you use Parallels or VMware. If cost (comparing with crappy Dells that come with Vista, egads) is an issue, I invite you to check your wallet for this amazing device called a credit card. It's worked wonders for me. Google Docs. All the little Microsoft-friendly touches and branding tie-ins of Zoho just rub the wrong way. If they are spending that much time making things work well with Outlook, Office, and, ugh, MS IE, that's that much less time they have to make things work well for better platforms, so I don't trust them to keep improving it at the same pace as GD can maintain. S3. I have a script that takes one argument, a directory name. It encrypts the directory name and adds a timestamp, to make a filename that reveals nothing about the contents of the file except for the time it was created. It stores the original directory name along with the encrypted directory name in a local log file, so I can tell what's what later. Then it zips the directory and its contents into a file, names it with the encrypted filename, and does a GPG encryption of the file. Then it uploads it to Amazon S3 and cleans up after itself. All of this is completely automated once I type in the command. I do it for my project directory, which contains all my projects for the calendar year, periodically. After the year closes out, I start a new year and the old files (from previous years) stay safe and unchanged on S3. Over the course of a year, if a few backups for the same year pile up, I usually delete the old ones. I haven't automated that part. This scheme is OK for backing up a few important directories, if they aren't large, like for source code, just what you asked about -- a few hundred megabytes will cost just pennies a month on Amazon. It's not a SVN or GIT solution, but it gives you total privacy, rather than relying on a third party to do the encryption for you. Each idea becomes a project, even if it is a potential project. Projects are under a year (2008) directory under a 'work' directory (where work refers to something I'm working on, as in in-progress, not work as in job). But job stuff can go under work/{year}/projname too. So then I have: ~/work/2006/proj1 ~/work/2006/proj2 ~/work/2006/projn ~/work/2007/proj1 ~/work/2007/projn ~/work/2008/proj1 ~/work/2008/projn etc. Then when something is really finished and polished, I move it to a ~/proj/projname directory. That happens only rarely. I've been reconsidering this and might start keeping everything in its original place under ~/work/{year}/projname The other systems I've tried suffer from not being scalable as the years go by. Periodically I back up each year (zipped and gpged) to Amazon S3 with a script. Sometimes a project will span years, of course. When that happens I decide on a case-by-case basis whether to do a symbolic link back to one original project directory, or whether to start fresh at some point with a clean set of files for that project, leaving the cruft behind but still intact in a previous year. Inside each project I can still use version control for the project. Some projects are just repositories for ideas. Projects can be my own, or they can be me playing with third party tools I've downloaded. Even just a new open source package I'm installing might get its own project, with all files, if it's tricky and I want to make my own installation notes for future reference. All project directories have a notes.txt file (or can have, at least). I have a 'tagthis' script that takes text tags as argument and adds the new tags to header lines in notes.txt in the current directory. Then later I can grep for these tags. Works pretty well so far. It gives me the freedom to call anything, even an idea I don't have time to work on right now, a project and make a starting place for it. So-called projects in this scheme are very, very informal, so it's a very light weight system that doesn't get in my way, yet it keeps everything organized forever. he.net is wonderful, and has very, very low latency connectivity. No fancy GUI control panel (at least not that I've noticed), just plain ssh access to a good shell and you're on your way. They answer the phone on the second or third ring, a real human, maybe because most of their users are good enough not to need any support. That being said, I'm now looking for a new provider too, because they host only one domain for the cheap accounts.