At a high level, because it would have been directly counterproductive; at a low level, because her cover as an attaché of the US embassy came with diplomatic immunity. This doesn't leave the host country totally unable to respond in the case where a foreign intelligence officer is detected, but it does strictly limit the scope of such response; in practice, the most they can do, and from the sound of it what they did in this case, is declare the offender persona non grata , and put her on the next jet out of Sheremetyevo. Of course, there's nothing that says the host country can't put a captured foreign intelligence officer in prison, or even execute such a person outright, beyond a simple reciprocal convention that such things aren't done. The reason why that generally doesn't happen is the same reason why civilized nations rarely visit atrocities on prisoners of war: a country which unilaterally abrogates such a convention risks having its own personnel treated just as badly. In the case of espionage, there's the further, and major, consideration that any abrogation of diplomatic immunity risks a general breakdown of diplomatic relations, a state of affairs which between civilized nations generally presages the outbreak of warfare. Aside perhaps from a few madmen who never approached real power, no one on either side of the Cold War ever wanted it to turn hot, and the entire edifice of Cold War-era espionage existed precisely to help prevent that misfortune from ever coming to pass. Imprisoning foreign intelligence officers would, therefore, have been actively detrimental to the purposes of the nations which might have done so. Only when I want to, which isn't often because it slows me down. Sometimes it's fun to listen to the dialogue, though. I was rather expecting to find a UI library at the other end of that link, rather than a SaaS offering. Having found the latter, I was disappointed, although given what appears to be increasingly typical practice not surprised, to discover that there's no meaningful information on offer about what the service does or how to integrate with it. It should be possible to find out whether and how I can use your service before I decide whether to sign up for it; otherwise, how am I to know whether it's worth my time to sign up for it at all? It looks like the GA script is itself dynamically loaded, by injecting a script tag into the document. Fetching the document via "view source" won't execute this, which will produce a log entry on the server side that can't be correlated with a GA page view. That'd make it possible to identify page loads which didn't execute Javascript, which is a decent proxy for "tracking this side" unless somebody decides to be a jerk with curl and while (1) {}. With a little forethought and initial investment, you don't have to decide between giving up an iPhone and continuing to pay three figures monthly for the privilege of using it. Consider: Sprint - ostensibly free phone, $120/mo for a 2-year contract: $2880 all told, and you don't have a choice but to pay all of it Ting - $500 up front for 64G iPhone SE, avg. $27.50/mo for the same period: $1160 all told, and you can stop service any time if things get bad enough that you have to Sure, if you can't make the initial nut, it's not an option - but you're talking about being suddenly broke or close to it, which is the situation in which I found myself last year, and which motivated me to put some thought into better options for mobile service. The more I look at it, the more it seems to me that mobile contracts, at least in the US and at least for single phones, are every bit as much for suckers as rent-to-own shops are. *(in June) Can't speak for GP, but I experienced a similar moment of "ok now how do i close this again" before realizing I didn't really need to. But that didn't feel quite right either, like a popup that won't go away once its purpose has been served. Or like checking a footnote, and having a hard time finding my way back to wherever it was referenced. I get that what this library does isn't quite either of those things, but it feels enough like both of them that not being able to un-expound feels a little weird. > Oops! Something has gone horribly wrong! Not terribly helpful. Scanning the visitor's /24 without notice, warning, or opportunity to opt out is a dick move. Our IDS probably just lit up like a Christmas tree. One of OP's early theses is that the left is all about economic class, but can't admit social classes exist, so conflates them with economic class in order to talk about them.