allybank, capital one savings, personalsavings.americanexpress.com, and some others all offer >= 1% interest now. Some are >= 2% that I've run across. Still lower than inflation, but better than .001% Increased fed fund rates and tapering off QE has been having effects. Retail customers generally are unaware of this, so retail banks are still able to not pay any actual interest. A lot of the weirdness in the market (from Tesla to GE and others) is due to increased returns from 'safe' investments causing easy money for risky ventures to start to dry up. Expect failures as companies built on nearly free money start having to pay up or fold. Some will survive, many won't. Looks like I was wrong (the >= 2% were CDs) - Marcus.com (Goldman Sachs side bank) is currently offering 1.8% though, so not far off. https://www.marcus.com/us/en/savings/high-yield-savings The Fed had a good graph on the sky high amount of debts many companies are laying on, but I'm having a hard time finding it right now. A bunch of outlets have written on it, here is the first one I found http://money.cnn.com/2018/02/26/investing/corporate-debt-ris... As to how many will fail is anyone's guess. Retail has already started to have a reaping (with help from Amazon). If a trade war kicks off price increases for goods from China, that probably won't help a lot of them. Sub-prime auto market is not doing well either, that should hurt auto manufacturer numbers, but nothing crazy there at the moment. I think everyone is still trying to guess. The problem in California is that none of the folks involved in building it think finishing it would really benefit them. I've had family members involved in numerous public works projects in California, and once they saw the way the sausage is made, all decided to get out. These projects are setup as a way to extract money from taxpayers, through a relatively well developed process now: 1) Write an initiative/tax statement which promises the world. 2) Once it passes, laugh and start doing engineering planning based on the most naive/known to be wrong set of assumptions. 3) Once you hit the first roadblock, escalate it and require change orders ($$). This often doesn't require doing any actual on the ground construction work. In fact, many of these boondogles (Caltrain electrification?) never hit actual construction after 5-10 yrs of this. 4) Redo the entire set of plans at great expense, but without actual forward thinking. Hit the next roadblock, rinse and repeat prior steps. This allows them to funnel billions into friendly firms that produce plans that never get used, doing studies that no one will read. Since no one with any clout actually cares if this thing gets built (not like they will use it, and most of the wealthy donors/voters they care about likely won't either), no rush as long as they have something to point to showing they are doing 'something' Eventually, when the money runs low, make up a sob story blaming someone else for it, and go back to step 1. When someone actually cares, we still build things quickly - the Oroville dam fixes, replacing the I80 overpass when the tanker truck burned it down, etc. The problem is less that we can't build big things - it's that most of the time, we don't actually NEED to (in a real, existential way) - at least in the opinion of those with actual power. FIRE is quite dependent on steady economic conditions (decent rate of return on investments with low capital loss, non destructive inflation rates), and for many they are trading their prime earning years placing this bet that it will continue indefinitely. I wish them luck. historically over the time periods that they are potentially talking about (40-50 yrs), that is a risky bet. They already are, through US sanctions. You can - they are called pink slip loans. The challenge with real assets is they are hard to value, and hard to sell quickly. Therefore the interest and fees charged are higher (also people prone to need short term loans using their car as collateral are also very prone to not pay these loans back). These financial assets can be calculated, sold, more purchased, etc. in known quantities very close to instantly. Standardized financial assets are very easy to move or use in large quantities for these reasons. A 5 yr US Gov't bond is a known quantity. Jeez, his back patio must be crazy radioactive. For those at home, you probably don’t want to be grinding up large quantities of uranium ore on your back porch with zero PPE and no cleanup methodology at all. No transcript was released. A memorandum of the 'recollections of the staff involved' written by the whitehouse describing the call (and widely referred to as the transcript) was released. The actual word for word transcript is still stored in the top secret security system it was moved to when it was obvious there was a problem. No one outside the whitehouse has seen that yet. If you read the actual released document, it has a huge disclaimer on the first page which states this. You can see it yourself here https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/25/politics/donald-trump-ukraine... Uranium is an alpha decay emitter. While it won't make you (literally) glow in the dark, inhaling uranium dust is pretty toxic radiologically and can cause significant damage internally. In addition, it isn't great for you chemically. When it decays, it also releases radon, which causes additional problems. Are there worse things? Sure. Is it safe to be around Uranium dust? No. https://web.evs.anl.gov/uranium/guide/ucompound/health/index...