It seemed very familiar, at least the motions the author has gone through. On my first retreat, after one day, I was absolutely sure that I wanted to leave. Sitting was painful, there was a lot of sleepiness, and I was longing for daily joys such as listening to music. And the mind is very well able to snowball unpleasanties :). After that first day, when I had the first talk with the meditation teacher, he made a joke about my mocking, subtle enough to make me smile. The discontent quickly melted away, and it suddenly became clear to me that I was suffering because I was craving for pleasantness. The following week had moments with intense joy, moments with intense pain. But it became easier to see them without clinging, giving a lot of peace. It's something definitely worth doing. Though it doesn't hurt starting with tiny steps, rather than cold-turkey ;). Indeed. But daily practice is something to treasure :). "Memory is predictable, and with Valgrind not a danger." I find that statement a tad too optimistic. If you use Valgrind continually (and people really should), you do catch memory misuse in normal situations. It does not say much about how well programs function with 'abnormal' inputs (accidents, exploits). Given that bugs do happen, even to the best of programmers, would you rather have a buffer overflow or an exception? It depends on the application and context, but it is harder to answer (and get it right) than the author pretends. Of course, except that many runtimes/libraries handle tripping over array boundaries gracefully, rather than overwriting memory. And some languages avoid null/wild pointers completely. Your programs will still be suspectible to buffer overflows, invalid dereferencing, etc. While, say, Haskell programmers do not have the same problems. Valgrind is no substitute to runtime checks and a proper type system. I'd say: just try it. After reading haskell-cafe for a day, I felt utterly incapable of ever learning Haskell. I started picking up the language using Real World Haskell (quite an acceptable book). I can read most programs now and crafted some short programs. I still find predicting memory/time use under a lazy-evaluation regime difficult. But it is certainly a nice experience ;) It is unlikely that the Berkeley people would've pushed for a completely free (software) kernel without the Stallman influence: "I think it's highly unlikely that we ever would have gone as strongly as we did without the GNU influence," says Bostic, looking back. "It was clearly something where they were pushing hard and we liked the idea." Source: http://oreilly.com/openbook/freedom/ch09.html Or maybe what seems normal to us know, did not seem so normal in the days? I am to young to have witnessed the UNIX industry in the '80ies. I can understand your conclusion and sentiment. It is also a trap one can easily fall into during meditation, and can lead to both the extremes of anti-materialism and pure hedonism, as can be seen also in Buddhist (and other) cultures. This is exactly why the Buddha and later teachers emphasize on taking the middle road. In the end, meditation is observing things as they are, and theoretically you could do this while being an anti-materialist or a hedonist. However, people usually become anti-materialists because they want to block out a large collection of 'distractions', such as pleasanties. They would always be practicing half: such distractions are also part of reality. Hedonists on the other hand, easily become attached to their wealth, making progress in meditation hard as well. So teachers always advise to take a balanced approach to meditation: do not become an ascete, do not indulge too much in wealth, do not be lazy, also avoid zealotry. The mind, and world as it is in the moment provides all the necessary circumstances to learn to understand the mind. Then there is a practical dimension as well: a starving person is probably not able to meditate, a very wealthy person is probably not very willing to meditate. My personal interpretation of Buddhist ethics is, that it is aimed to create the circumstances for as many people as possible to reach enlightenment, and is not an absolute ethic system. And there are also enough 'prominent examples' for impure imperative languages. For instance, OpenMP makes parallelizing some loops in C/C++ a walk in the park, and I have parallelized some of my programs by adding only a few pragmas. The 'FP makes concurrency easier' is a often-used selling point, but I think the jury is still out. First of all, many functional languages are impure, and do not have this advantage in the same manner that e.g. Haskell has. Second, purity can be an expensive trade-off due to the copying involved. For lots of things (e.g. fast linear algebra) you'll still want to work in an impure world. I think a better selling point of some functional languages is clarity. For instance, some class of problems can be solved very elegantly in Haskell and ML using algebraic data types, pattern matching, etc. But then again, some other classes of problems can be solved elegantly in Prolog. Well, what's it worth if you are doing (real-world) number crunching, and your program turns out to be one or two orders of magnitude slower? For instance, after implementing some machine learning software in Scala, I ended up rewriting it in C++, because it was so slow (IIRC the Scala version was 50x slower). The only way you can get down to 'a couple of times' slower is by writing Scala as Java with a slightly different syntax. And since the program does many repeated matrix calculations in a loop, parallelizing the C++ version was done in half an hour (mostly testing where lock contention kills the advantage of parallelization). Yes, I do realize that there are more applications of multicore processing than number crunching ;).