I don't think it should be about blame at all. It's about identifying causes, so you can fix stuff and prevent it from happening again. You can't blame any individual black or white person for what happened, unless he was personally involved in it. But you can identify what happened in specific communities and sub-communities in order to understand the processes at work. If you don't want to do that because some communities happen to be dominated by certain skin colors, you'll never understand exactly what happened. And let's face it, in the US, skin color matters. It might not be right, but for cultural and social reasons, many people do tend to hang out with people of the same skin color, however silly that may be. I love these kind of projects. We desperately need independence from the Visa/Mastercard monopoly over international transactions. I very much like the 0-click results from DuckDuckGo. But if you want something else, Qwant ( http://www.qwant.com/ ) has something similar. (Possibly even better; I haven't compared it yet.) I don't think it's reading the books that people object to; it's giving money to someone who may use it to campaign against basic human rights. Linux was never intended to be truly innovative. It was intended to be a free/open unix. There was a strong demand for an open source unix that could be expanded upon, and there was none, until Linus released linux. There was minix, which was a lot more innovative (microkernel), but Tanenbaum wanted to keep it strictly for educational purposes, simple and easy, and didn't want to turn it into a big system with all the bells and whistles that linux got. Had FreeBSD been released earlier, that might have had the position that linux has now. Sounds prone to crashes. This is not a modern lens. People back then also called it bad. I remember when Windows 95 was released, people mockingly called it MacOS 89, RiscOS 88, or AmigaOS 85. The line between really great and really creepy is very thin here. Yes, I too would vastly prefer working in a diverse work environment that includes women, over working in a place that doesn't hire women on principle, or does hire them, but they quickly flee. But I would not want to work in a place that treats women as a commodity, or tries to attract male programmers with them. It's a matter of attitude, and that attitude does show in the way you present this as a perk. They can't outright refuse to handle DMCA requests, but they can stop automated handling of such requests. If I understand correctly, big content holders get special tools they can use to remove infringing content from some Google services (YouTube at least; not sure about search results). If they abuse that special access, Google can take away these privileges and double check everything manually. That takes a lot of time, and means that the infringing content will remain accessible for a longer time. Ah, but didn't the US also pioneer secret trade agreements?