I'd love a feature like this that I could use with pypy. I don't need 100ms billing resolution, but 1s or 1m would be nice. Does "unified virtual memory and pointer-passing for dedicated GPU" suggest some kind of cooperative paging between the CPU and GPU? But it's not as if the GPU could just fault in pages that it needs on demand, right? It would be really nice if curl took the content-type and results from isatty(STDOUT_FILENO) into consideration when deciding whether to spew to stdout. Well, the messaging is discrete too. Is there any way to measure empirically the safety of a hashing algorithm? This might sound silly, but I wonder what is the environmental impact of absorbing this energy with PV instead of having it be absorbed/reflected by rooftops, grass, etc? Presumably its a net benefit over combustion of fossil fuels. If solar power continues its efficiency pace, should we be concerned with its deployment? The triumphant return of clearcase‽ > You have a fortune-5 company here. Translation for you: They are a very large target for lawsuits. The open source software provides no indemnification. I work for another fortune-5 company who uses linux in many products that we sell. Another well-regulated industry, too. I will concede that the hazards for operating automobiles are well-beyond many other industries' products. I own a 2010 Ford Fusion with SYNC and I really enjoy the features. I suppose it could've been done better, but the speaker-independent voice recognition is stellar. I'm confused: $1000-2000 days? Are you suggesting that there are "many of you" who pulled down ~250-500k USD per year back in the 80s/90s/00s? Which industry(ies)/career(s) are you referring to? Correct me if I'm wrong here, but isn't that only helpful if you have multithreaded python programs? I have found that if my process is too slow, I can consider porting it to numpy/numba, cython, using pypy or dividing up the work using multiprocessing. multiprocessing is barely more work than using the threading module, and completely avoids the GIL AFAIK.