Is it people? Abaco (the web browser shipped with Plan 9) already does what you're suggesting, using webfs and an HTML parsing library. It might be possible to replace that parsing library with a version of Webkit or Gecko ported to Plan 9 in order to achieve "modern" web standards support while sticking to 9P and such for the actual network portion of web browsing. Abaco (the browser shipped with Plan 9) has support form most of the HTML4 spec, but lacks support for things like CSS and Javascript (see: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/contrib/fgb/abaco.pdf ). It might be feasible to swap out Abaco's HTML parsers and such with a "modern" rendering engine like Gecko or Webkit while retaining its webfs-based approach to navigating the world wide web. I've always figured the latter explanation - that the picture from our eyes is distorted like that, but the brain corrects the image (it also doesn't hurt that we have two eyes, where as cameras typically don't; I wonder if multi-lens cameras are also subject to that fisheye effect?). > (even if it lacked the self awareness to feel the pain of running on a 386) Now we know the real motivation behind pretty much every sci-fi storyline involving AI revolts. I saw that; it looks incredibly excessive. If the emulator runs as a Java app, is it really not enough to just download a .jar and run it on whatever OS I happen to be running on my workstation? Or are there so many custom dependencies and configuration requirements that such an approach is infeasible? They could probably shave that footprint down considerably if they didn't bloat it with an Ubuntu VM. > You almost make it sound like proprietary per default is or can be broken while open source is not, that's a bridge too far Personally, I figure it might as well be; no way to fix it. I'd rather drive a beater that I know I can fix myself (or take to a local auto shop if I can't) if it breaks down than a high-end sports car that has to be taken to the dealer for something as trivial as an oil change. No software is perfect (beyond a trivial "Hello, world!" exercise); that's why being able to look for and potentially fix flaws is important :) > The disadvantage is that it's not a nix and you loose the whole ecosystem (no Posix). In my opinion, that's probably a good thing; less baggage that has to be maintained for POSIX compatibility. Remember that Unix was originally designed for large, centralized timesharing systems. It has been adapted to the embedded realm throughout the last couple of decades, but starting from scratch to create an OS specifically for the embedded realm is ideal. > may be probably cheeper to use something like a full-blown small computer (like the rasperry-pi) with Linux on it. In some cases. In the case mentioned by the article, however, a Raspberry Pi (for example) would make for a rather large badger collar. IoT is indeed a pretty broad and vague concept right now, but it already does demand very tiny hardware with size constraints dictating available computational capacity. That's where Contiki comes in. > If you used your preferred mail client, it wouldn't be encrypted end to end. Unless you and your recipient use something like GnuPG. I find that surprising; of all the systems we're maintaining (hospital), our AS/400 is the one system that's been pretty much rock solid. I've generally been a fan of IBM's hardware.