Interesting peaks. A year ago, when I was developing a retro Pacman for cellphones (J2ME) as a university project, I decided to use a text file to store maps. It was before I knew about emacs picture-mode, and I was working on Windows, so I actually used MS Excel for the job. You resize the cells to make them square, insert a formula that will rewrite all cells from a given row into a single string (so you could then just copy a column with those strings and paste directly into Notepad, or something), and then you can use convenient navigation with arrows, tab and ENTER to create the map (also filling entire row or column by one mouse drag was handy). Moreover, if you add "conditional formatting", you can make all different tiles appear with different colors and font styles (like walls with dark background or pickups colored in gold, green, etc.). It's a 2-minutes-to-do, poor's man map editor for tileset-based games :). I often do branch prediction when chatting on IM's, especially with people who type slowly. For example, I ask "How did your exam went?", and before getting the answer, I type (without sending) "Sorry to hear that, but hey, you'll have another chance next week." In general, I just quickly think about possible answers, select the most probable one and type in my response without waiting. Then I get answer from the other person, and most likely send my text immediately. Most of the time, branch prediction works great and it's a big chat optimization. If it fails, it is often of because the other person answered in a way, that my prepared sentence won't fit grammatically (I just edit it), or asked for clarification (I then CTRL+X my response for later reuse and write some clarification instead). I think I've realized it when I started to extensively use Skype chat, which (as opposed to - for example - IRC) shows that a person is typing. When I'm asked a question and then I see that the other person is typing something, I wait with my answer, expecting a clarification or follow-up statement from the person I talk to. I guess others do that too, so I consciously avoid branch-prediction typing on Skype in order to actually get any answer from the other person. Wow... I'm sitting here, mentally mapreducing the HN RSS, barely awake, and then this news item pops up, I load the page and I'm like: "...ee... WHAT?". Then I got flooded by the wave of excitement and pleasant emotions. Awesome idea! :). Though I'm too excited to go to sleep now :(. I learned about Dropbox exactly the way slide 28 shows - heard about it from random source, tested, felt happy and started forcing my friends to use it (ie. to coordinate work for university projects). And the funny thing about those "Dozens and dozens of cloud storage companies" that existed prior to Dropbox (as slides 6 and 7 tell)... personally I don't know anyone who knew about any of those companies. I didn't know any of them untill today and for years I was pretty sure that Dropbox guys were the first ones to get that idea (or at least to get it working). And they did a great job with it. I can imagine reporters using ear cameras. As far as I remember, there was even a scene on Star Trek: Generations movie, when journalists used something similar in principle: http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... and http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... If you could look through a (linear) polarizing filter oriented at 45 degrees from the vertical, you could kill off most of LCD displays. Unfortunately, sunglasses with polarizer are usually polarized at the wrong angle, so you have to tilt your head to see the effect (black screens). Sorry for that, I'll be more enter-aware in the future. > The answer to online advertising isn't to hit more people, it's to hit the right people in the right way. Still, it sounds to me like doing a carpet-bombing to eliminate one building. At least in case of non-AdWords advertisements. It might be a problem with my assumptions. Could you elaborate on the "people do want to see ads" part, please? Personally, I'm having a hard time imagining why people would (actively) want to see (on-line) adverts.