Thanks for your comment. Nr.2 is possible, thus the reason I decided to detach and try to analyze the situation more objectively, and I think in my case the truth is somewhere in the middle. Thanks @maxklein, this is really insightful. You are absolutely right, complaining doesn't change things. My priority in life is actually money (not wealth), since then I can earn freedoms I would otherwise not have, like working on what I like. And right now I don't earn much, but some of the people I work with have been great, so detachment is really hard to achieve. I'm thinking, as other people said, to work on a startup, but until then your advice is great: I should work on improving the team's morale. That would help everybody, including me. Thanks @SwellJoe, This is the kind of advice I searched for. I actually feel like a jackass, but I don't have experience which such conflicts and I let things get out of control. I actually was under the impression that I could change things just by pointing out the flaws. I was wrong of course. Unfortunately I am the type of developer that's interested in multiple topics, ranging from algorithms (parsers, data-mining, inductive reasoning), to usability. And it sucks because I have opinions about everything. Thanks, I would miss Mono. Yeah, but Youtube got acquired, and it really hasn't had a business model. I think this getting big fast is really useful when you want to get bought. From my pov those are anomalies, rather than the norm. For every Google, Youtube and Facebook, there are thousands of startups with similar strategies that fail. I think it is safer to go the long route and start small, working your way to the top, charging a price right from the beginning. If your application is useful, users will pay for it. When you're introducing revenue later, you have to provide extra value. This means more features and so you're endangering your core values. When you're starting to charge for existing features, by limiting the free accounts, you will surely upset your existing users. Google tried to introduce advertising in YouTube videos, and the community was not happy about it ... and imagine a site like YouTube placing a limit on how many videos you can watch. No matter how hooked your users are, you still can lose them, not to mention that popular services like YouTube got cloned and there is competition waiting for those users. People have been charging money or other goods in exchange for products/services since forever. I don't really understand this trend of releasing products for free. The only viable exit strategy is for your company to be acquired by a big player, but if you want your business model to be sustainable you should question this trend. When you're running Linux as your desktop, it's impossible to not hear about them. Their product is based on Wine, which is a pretty decent emulation of the Windows APIs, but it is a bitch to setup properly, so you start looking around for more professional solutions. CodeWeavers, besides their own contributions to Wine, have the advantage that they test their setup against popular software. I don't think he was looking for an original idea. Ideas are overrated and cheap anyway. QA is really useful, but there's a big downside to it. When you have people who's job is to test code, developers get lazy and sloppy. Also, bugs do appear in production if you can release code the same day you wrote it, but you can fix it as soon as you find out about it. In big companies that work with milestones (sprints in agile speak), only really critical bugs can be fixed between releases. Not to mention that most bugs are fixed after code-freeze, when all the deliverables of that milestone are ready, long after you find out about it. So I guess it's best to have QA, but also the freedom to deploy code on production whenever you want.