Updated link: Are you thinking of working for a start up? http://weblog.raganwald.com/2005/03/are-you-thinking-of-working-for-start.html Thank you. If you're saying that AFTER Sequoia has backed a company, on some later, subsequent round people will pay more, I agree that is supposed to happen. But that doesn't mean the company was worth more at the moment Sequoia invested. I think the key difference between your means of valuation and mine is that I don't believe that the "market" is meaningful until the founders' equity is liquid. The "market" is only a useful guide where there is a meaningful correlation between the "market' and the eventual, risk-adjusted value of the company when it becomes liquid. In that respect, I believe that the VC PMV is a better indicator of the risk-adjusted Present Value of the company. VCs spend an awful lot of time and effort researching price, and they don't seem to be paying a huge discount to the risk-adjusted PV of companies they back. The plural of anecdote is not "data," however what I understand is that Angels as a whole are an unreliable indicator. YMMV, but if someone is telling you "We paid a dollar, but it's really worth two," I would keep my wallet locked in a safe. What can I say, except "carry on, it's your money!" But whether you would pay more or not, the subject was contemplating employment with a company and valuing stock options. Never mind generalities. If Sequoia have a wonderful track record for picking winners, I offered another means of calculating the value of the stock based on the likelihood there would be a liquidity event. Here's something to ponder: if the industry gets 20% and Seqouia gets 22% of their investments to a liquidity event, Seqouia is doing fantastically well. 10% better! But: how much does a 2% difference in likelihood affect the value of the stock for employees? Feel free to plug in Sequoia's actual numbers. I think you will find that they do not underpay as much as you may suppose. It would basically be a cheap way of getting in on their fund, assuming the premium wasn't huge. I would love to get in on their fund as well. But my post wasn't about investing, it was about valuing stock options so you could understand what they are worth on a risk-adjusted basis. What's the difference? Remember, when you invest alongside them you get all sorts of extra rights like double dips, convertible shares, preferred, and a zillion other ways to get money in situations at the expense of founders. This is why it is very important not to assume that just because a name brand VC invests in a company that employee options or founder shares are somehow worth as much as you might pay for those same shares if you are the same VC. If anything, employee options are worth much, much less, because VCs can get some of their money back if there is a modest wind-up or merger, whereas employees only cash out if there is a major event. good professional behavior is a must The problem is "what is professional"? here's one view: http://tinyplanet.ca/projects/professionalism.html Treating ppl with civility is a must That ought to go without saying, but sadly... it is rare, especially on the Internet. I rarely write anything with a specific audience in mind, but I confess I was looking through my "logs" and noticed how much traffic I have been getting lately from news.ycombinator.com. This is my way of saying, "thanks!" I hope you enjoy it. If PG has something worthwhile to say, it is true whether he has a vested interested in the truth or not. If it is false, it can be debunked without questioning his motives. Here is what I have observed about people. In general, people with vested interests do not lie. What they do is pick and choose the truths they want to share. So someone with an investment in an online photo editor might say that "people are now writing online photo editing applications," but is unlikely to say, "that are faster and have more features than Photoshop." Is that bad? Of course not. There are this other group of people with no alleged interest in the subject. They are called journalists. And you know what? My observation is that they are much less reliable than peopel with a "vested interest." Yes. That's how this industry works: everything closed, expensive, and exclusive inexorably becomes open, cheap or even free, and inclusive. Just because they're like that in Founder Hell doesn't mean they're like that on Sand Hill Road. You could choose to read the joke as meaning that "They're only like that in Hell" ;-) Many eyes win in blogging as well as in OSS :-)