Is the only innovation in how customizable the UI is? I guess it's way too hard to write a new rendering engine. With the existing ecosystem of chrome / Firefox / safari extensions it will be difficult to gain traction. 7% assumed return is the most ridiculous part of it all. I remember when NYC tried to reduce their assumed rate from 8.5 to 7.5 and people threw a fit ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2010-08-20/new-york-m... ) Everyone has their head in the sand Some people quit their jobs and throw everything into a new, risky venture. This is pretty dangerous, especially for those without wealth. More realistic people work 40-50 hours a week at work and another 40 on their own passions. The smartest find a do-nothing job where they could cash a check for showing up at the office and surfing the net all day (IT, help desk at large organizations) and devote their work time to their own passions. That is the point - the term 'Real Programmer' is meaningless and is merely used to disparage languages / tools / platforms and boost egos. You can look at Mel, a 'Real Programmer', and realize that you can't make value judgements of what true programming is. Programming is using logic to solve problems, regardless of the tools and language. On the contrary, I'm considered a 'good' developer by the normal standards (education / company / title / projects / etc.) and I would consider moonlighting. I usually work another 40-50 hours a week outside of professional employment on my own projects, so doing an app or website for some extra cash once and a while isn't a stretch. I applied. This is perfect, thank you very much, I appreciate you taking the time to write this out. Do you have any recommendations on books to learn about finding exploits in general? My specific skills are in deep and nuanced areas of the Android kernel, and I have some good ideas on potential areas to investigate, but a thorough understanding of the subject would be helpful. It seems like a very lucrative hobby or full time endeavor. I will make a slight derail into H1B's. Anytime that you allow a company to have significant control over an employee's life, such as putting a significant risk of deportation on the employee, you are putting the employee at severe personal risk. This is the central problem with guest worker programs, as you incentivize the company to threaten employees in order to keep them working for you and their costs down. I had an intense argument with someone about whether H1B's were good or bad for the economy. The key point he was arguing was that H1B employees do not have significantly less salary, and they are fully capable of switching companies. In my experience, the primary reason that a company would go through the hassle of hiring an H1B is for cost reasons, because there are enough competent workers locally there to fulfill open positions (at a price), and the quality of H1B workers is generally less than local hires. On rare occasions a foreign worker has extremely unique skills, but this is certainly the exception. Secondly, it is very difficult for an H1B to switch companies, as it's difficult to convince a company to go through the hassle of paperwork / lawyers / cost, so an H1B employee has little recourse for being treated poorly and paid less. Therefore, I'm against H1B's. If we had a more reasonable immigration policy, where people could more easily come to America as normalized citizens, I would be for it. But the H1B and similar programs give far too much power to the companies, which is ripe for exploitation. The problem is that "market price" is extremely malleable, and it's easy enough to tweak the job title slightly in order to change what the person is being paid. As I said, there are exceptions, but in general H1B is a mechanism for importing cheap labor. I've been reading various comments about this around the internet and many people are saying they will stop ordering from Amazon because of it. These white collar workers are highly paid, and not forced to be there. Most of them could easily find another job someplace else (and it sounds like many do). I just can't feel bad for them. If you don't want to work throughout your vacation, go find another job that won't make you work through your vacation. This isn't North Korea, Bezos isn't going to throw you in a reeducation camp. I will keep ordering from Amazon because they provide the best service. Simple as that. That is the same situation at any company with H1B's, and I didn't see anything in the article that mentioned abuse of those workers specifically.