Hello, 1. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: pinch to zoom with touchpads DESCRIPTION: pinch to zoom with touchpad is convenient and available on most platforms. It would be nice to have it on Ubuntu and other distributions, too. It is already available with touchscreen on some applications but not at all on touchpads. 2. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Pixel-perfect scrolling everywhere by default. DESCRIPTION: Pixel-perfect scrolling makes it more easier to read long texts. 3. FLAVOR: all HEADLINE: Parallelize apt / dpkg DESCRIPTION: Installation of packages requires downloading, unkpacking, configuring. Using apt(-get), one cannot install two or more things in parallel. Package downloads could be done even if an installation is already ongoing and requests to install packages could be added to the current installation process instead of rejecting them because there is already an installation running (with possibly priority handling). 4. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: One-click add ppa + install app DESCRIPTION: It should be easy for users to install applications that are not in the repository. One click to add a ppa and install an application (with any security warning that applies) would be a good step toward this. 5. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Stability when resuming from suspend DESCRIPTION: With too many laptops, resuming from suspend is unreliable and may hang. 6. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Higher maximum volume level DESCRIPTION: One thing that is consistent across many laptop, maximum sound is too quiet for integrated speakers. 7. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Make Emoji input and display easy and here by default DESCRIPTION: More and more people like and use emojis. A Ubuntu should handle that correctly. 8. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Show battery usage per application and alert when an application is eating battery (unexpectedly) DESCRIPTION: sometimes, a process uses too much battery and has time to waste energy before noticed. 9. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Remote control without configuration DESCRIPTION: it would be nice to be able to help a novice Ubuntu user remotely, without making him / her install and configure anything, even if they are using a public wifi, with low latency (with a possibility to take control with an ssh-like method). 10. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Bring atomic snapshots to the common user DESCRIPTION: Btrfs and ZFS provide atomic snapshots that can be used to go back in time in case something bad happened. Ubuntu could bring this functionality to the user by making it possible to cancel an update or a configuration, and to protect user's home directory from human mistakes by periodically making snapshots.This would be a useful complement to regular backups. ROLE/AFFILIATION: Kubuntu Desktop user FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Exfat installed by default DESCRIPTION: Many cameras use exfat for their memory cards. Users should not have to install an obscure exfat-fuse package to handle this. (forgot that in my previous comment) A bit off topic but I wrote a very small JS library that uses this exact format 6-7 years ago. It transforms such an object to a DOM tree. This is nice to see somebody mention this format, this kind of validates it. So, thank you! It also accepts things like ["div#123.class-name-1 class-name-2", ["span", "Hello world"]]. You can keep a reference of a node in a Javascript object if needed: let refs = {}; let div = jso2dom( ["div", ["span", {"#":"sp"}, "Hello world"] ], refs ); console.log(refs.sp); // Hello World I've found it very convenient so far and still use it today. This is simple, prodigiously stupid and works in vanilla JS, so this works for me for the time being. Parsing may be complex but in my case, this is done by the Javascript engine, so I'm not affected by this complexity. This is possible in D using /+ comments +/. https://wiki.dlang.org/Commenting_out_code#Nested_comments This allows commenting out code containing comments, which can be useful when debugging or giving usage examples in the code. One small thing that bothers me is the upvote button that looks too much like a button to (un)fold comments, especially when you can't downvote and therefore don't have any downvote button. I just discovered that there is a [-] to (un)fold comments by the way. I would probably just have swapped the positions and use less confusing icons. Another thing is the occasional blocks of code that are too wide and not wrapped, this requires horizontal scrolling which I find a bit annoying, especially on phones. And the text-reflow Firefox extension does not handle this, otherwise it would be a non-issue for me. At the beginning, the appearance of HN seemed raw to me, but I got used to it and like it. The Intel integrated graphic card of my laptop does handle 3 screens fine and I dont need to mess with drivers, everything works well out of the box. I would actually advise against NVIDIA cards unless you need powerful graphic processing or to do GPU computation. Stock rom without root was pretty decent for me. No ads at all. However, I only use free software apps mostly from F-Droid (and uBlock Origin takes care of the web). I knew that this was putting myself in a bubble, but I had not realized that the experience of using a phone for a lot of people must be that annoying. What a shame. Computers should serve humans, not the other way round! I discovered Google Play's App Store on someone else's phone, that was painful and stressful. But what you are describing seems hellish. "Chrome for Android now supports Widevine L1, allowing sites to play encrypted media in a secure way." Really? If I want visitors to play encrypted videos in a secure way, I serve them through HTTPS using a codec that does not have patent issues! Widevine is not a matter of allowing anything. This sentence is an horrible way to describe what it is for. Good article otherwise, except for the annoying top bar. I wondered the same thing a while ago and I would think this is to ease dragging the window with the mouse, which you may want to do easily when the window is not maximized. I'd really like Firefox on Linux to hide the window title bar (at least when maximized) and put the close / maximize / reduce buttons in the tab bar (or make it an option). The tab bar does already allow one to move the window, at least on KDE. Then, Firefox could adopt the same kind of behavior as Chrome for this. Thanks for the tip. I didn't know maximus. Actually, kwin does allow writing rules that do exactly that. However, this removes window management buttons, which I don't use often but do like to have. Extensions did that but are not compatible anymore ans never really had an integrated look. I recognize this is mostly feelings though