Fortunately the authors have addressed this in the paper: "Legality: In general, it is illegal to broadcast random signals on spectrum reserved for TV (or cellular) channels. However, battery-free backscattering devices (e.g. RFID tags) are unregulated and not tested by FCC because the emission levels from such devices is very low [7] and because they are only modulating their reflection of a pre-existing signal rather than actively emitting a signal in re-served spectrum. Ambient backscatter also falls into this category, and would therefore be legal under current policies." And the tolerance levels are not set at _zero_, but at a specific decibel level on a specific measuring setup. (I've been researching this professionally lately, especially ETSI EN 389-401). Pretty much all high-speed digital electronics in plastic cases will be radiating on the TV band, but at an extremely low level that passes the regulations. This system modulates by switching its antenna between grounded and ungrounded. At no point does it inject transmission power into the antenna. Your house is already full of small metal objects that are slightly resonant in the TV band - such as cutlery. You could probably replicate this experiment by attaching a switchable ground to a fork and holding it _right next_ to a TV antenna. Thanks to the inverse square law the effect is so weak that it really does have to be right next to the antenna; in the paper they report no detectable effects at a distance of more than a few inches. It's also worth observing that "culture" tends to mean "people similar to myself", unless more explicitly defined. So it's no suprise that the people who declared not to "fit" are a woman and a skilled manual worker (machinist). The totally uniform power distribution idea only works if you have totally uniform employees. As soon as you have signifigantly different skillsets and workflows - which you need to do different kinds of work - then employees become uncomparable and shortly afterwards unequal. The size of Valve is also over Dunbar's number, so they're beyond the range of what can be organised with informal social operations anyway. I don't know, how many women work for Valve? It's not public or easily googlable information. Remember, the purpose of this proposed legislation is not to be implemented, or to achieve specific results; it's to curry favour with Conservative voters, and especially those who read the Daily Mail. It will be pushed through only to avoid the loss of face that would come from "giving in to porn". (One of the major problems with the Blair years was this kind of closed loop between policy making and newspaper headlines; actual policy impact spewed out in all directions like scattered neutrons leaking from the policy reactor) I don't believe FCC approval alone is the big bottleneck. You need to test its radio emissions in defined conditions, and that requires some expensive test gear (base station simulator ~= $100k), but realistically you need one of those anyway to debug the device you're developing. A more serious problem is trying to get all the relevant firmware and radio software stack without tripping over IP that is (a) patented and (b) will only be licensed to you under NDA. Qualcomm are particularly bad at this. So you need to choose a suitable SoC with favourable IP licensing. Writing your own "baseband" is a substantial piece of work; some people have embarked on it at http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/ Canonical's approach is sound here and their costs are realistic. Getting it done for free by people working in their spare time is very unlikely to happen. The Arduino _board_ is not designed for running of batteries and is inefficient. The AVR _microprocessor_ is very efficient; that article links to http://www.gammon.com.au/forum/?id=11497 which documents a draw of 360uA in sleep mode. Even the 15ma of "fully on" is equivalent to a single LED. The main power consumer in the GSM case is of course the GSM transmitter, so it's no suprise that he can improve power consumption by turning it off. Generally on more powerful machines you take for granted the operating system, firmware and their many conveniences, but often there will be bugs or poor design decisions that increase power consumption by quite a lot. Solidarity first: find a whole load of people to go with, otherwise your "take the risk to be attacked by security forces" is just "suicide by cop". You cannot do this as a large number of independant individuals. You need an organisation, or several; and yes, that means politics and compromise and all the other things about working with people. In sensible jurisdictions you can't sign away your rights like that, although you may pre-agree to binding arbitration or a particular jurisdiction. However, I've not heard of someone successfully suing paypal, even in the small claims court :( Large areas of EU policy show that this isn't the case. There's a valid "regulation is hard on small businesses" argument, but it doesn't apply to telcos, which are necessarily giant businesses. This sort of market is very prone to "gotcha" fees resulting in unexpected huge bills, and the EU has so far done an OK job of controlling them. Why can't it be both?