From the "What you can do" section at the bottom: 3. Purchase a unit and/or encourage others who are able, to do so. Sounds like a scam. Any real breakthrough would be pushing to get major funders on board via trails, demos, etc, and not appealing to a blog reader to buy a unit. The author doesn't really expound why 1password wouldn't work. It's available for Mac/Win and integrates nicely with FF, IE(Win), Chrome and Safari(Mac). That software is indispensable to me, as I often login to numerous dev and test instances of webapps in addition to my shopping and forum sites... I can now have long, secure passwords/phrases that are autogenerated. In addition, with dropbox, I have 1password distributed on all my devices. I avoid the Google problem he mentioned by using separate browsers (ie, FF for work, Safari/Chrome for personal) or separate computers/devices (I only really use Facebook on my mobile). If multiple instances of a particular browser is desired, something like http://fluidapp.com/ or Mozilla Prism could be used to segregate the profiles. In short, the author ignores existing products and is re-inventing the process. Agreed. Any time I can ditch the password, I do. Certs are a pain in the ass to setup, though. SSH without passwords is pure freedom. IIRC, isn't this the case with Google as well (with the triumvirate holding 1/3 each of the voting shares)... the public shares aren't voting shares at all. Look, you don't mention Chrome as your one and only browser, and yes, 1password for Chrome isn't as integrated as for Safari/FF, but you can still use the "CMD-\" to login quite well... what specific issues are you running into? I've simplified your 5-step process to: 1) Click logout on site 2) CMD-backslash 3) If I have only one account, no step 3, otherwise, choose the account for the site I want to use from a dropdown navigable by arrows 4) Browser back button (or keyboard equivalent) to go back one page. Honestly, I agree that the whole issue of managing several accounts on a given service is quite weak anywhere you go... the fact that website/services think you should be limited to one account goes well back before the web (credit cards nubmers per servicer, home phone lines, physical addresses)... in all of these categories it's very easy to assume a given user will only have one account (and it's true for 95% of the populace). Given the virtual nature of the web, it's sad that web services fall into this trap as well (e.g. trying to run several power e-trade pro sessions for different accounts on the same box is an exercise in frustration). You still haven't commented on usage of SSBs like Mozilla Prism for separate site/account combos (apparently, Prism is the only SSB that separates the cookie cache). Hmm... so you can publicly share your mp3s and videos? Haven't we heard of this before (mp3.com)... I wonder how they'll deal with "infringement" cases from the media cartel? As a current dropbox user, I'm a bit concerned about this functionality (since by default public means public but unlisted, it can still be shared). Hope these guys did a bit of homework here. I really like the dessert "structures" - highly informative in a "Good Eats" kind of way. Either they don't get it, or their external message is all you're hearing. If they're not worried about Facebook, they're silly. If Facebook reinvents search (ie, search+trust-web = social search), Google just became Yahoo. Investors have a herd mentality. The whole premise of the article is flawed. Middle-class folks want jobs that can't easily be outsourced so they can build careers and lives from it. Not everyone is cut out to be an entrepreneur, and selling more SUVs and mining more coal isn't going to be enough for the 21st century.