I think the difference between your broken and his broken is that his are actual bugs & crashes and yours are actually more like personal preferences and interface differences. MS Office products are generally rock solid, while OpenOffice/LibreOffice have crashed on me too many times to count. Plus buggy functionality, etc. I might be wrong, some examples from both sides wouldn't hurt :) It's because in this day and age, I shouldn't be turning the lights off, ever. They should be turning themselves off. We humans are quite bad at rote work... Well, even among developers there's clustering. So not many developers are "most productive" using those DVCS. Probably because they have never heard of them or never used them, but it doesn't really matter right now. If your name is Git, you're number 1 in the DVCS space. If your name is Mercurial, you're a distant 2. If your name is neither of them, only a few people have ever heard of you. Sort of like this: http://xkcd.com/435/ And ideally, too, "the little man" should also have a gun, for a course of action against aggressive entities. I'm an European, I guess we just don't get it (the US legal system or the gun laws). Does it work with Cygwin? About Icefrog - I can't really say anything about his programming skills - I think he must be decent since he optimized the JASS scripts used by the Warcraft 3 engine and he also created tons of fun stuff using it. As a comparison, his predecessor, Guinsoo, had created a map with a 10 minute loading time (!). In Icefrog's reign I don't think any map had a loading time above 1-2 minutes on a decent computer. Anyway, getting back to the topic - I don't know about his strength as a programmer, but I think we could all learn from him as a community leader. Anonymous leader, rallied a lot of people around him (a few other coders, a lot of testers, a TON of contributors), gave Dota a rhythm, a release flow that made Dota huge. You'd play the game knowing that game crashing bugs would be fixed ASAP, that game play balance issues would be resolved, that the next version would make everything just BETTER. A ton of dedication and hard work didn't hurt either :) First thing that hit me when I visited the link was a huge newsletter overlay on top of the blog, with the blog grayed out in the background. I think that the blog author might be one of the people you mention (the "viral" kind) :) That's because they don't have nice, human readable COM (and WMI) wrappers. I don't think they had time to implement them - they kept adding more and more from v1 to v2 and v3. Every time you have Win32 spilling over in Powershell, it looks like crap (0xA). The personal license (aka a person owns it, not a company) is €179. From time to time they have huge discounts - they had a Black Friday discount of 75%. Recently there was a 50% discount. Just watch the news on reddit or here :) This is a good article about this problem: http://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-personal-names