I can make a fairly accurate guess of what type of scan an MRI scanner is running by the noise it makes. T2, PDFS, T1, types of gradient echoes etc. I'm not alone in this and know a fair few people who can. I have managed to tell when a scan is badly set up with this technique too, really surprises people! It still used a lot. And they still leak. Or ingestion - I imagine fluid exchanges become a bit worse... Houses were cheap in your Dads day/country! Here in New Zealand average house costs are about 9.5x average wage. I think the average New Zealanders wage would make a US woman feel good. Sources: http://stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/income-and-work/Income... http://www.qv.co.nz/onlinereports/propertyvaluemap.htm America certainly isn't the good guy in the middle east. If there is a measure that puts America ahead I'd like to hear it. This is not, however, a defense of Iran. Can everyone involved be the bad guy? Given that the NYT is reporting that top secret documents were just left in a trailor in Iraq by the ton, I suspect that it's more likely the drone was landed in Iran by accident. I believe it's related to this. Try leaning into the bore fast then pulling your head out, fast. Many people lose their balance temporarily. Something to do with inducing currents in the fluid in the inner ear I believe. A smaller version of the effect causes the sensation that you are moving when you lie still in the bore. Edit: can't get the link easily as am on iPad, but google "MRI eddy currents" and watch a slab of aluminium fall Projectile injuries are one issue. Heating, induced current, hearing loss are others. FDA is investigating setting up a registry for safety problems to help reduce the frequency of accidents. http://www.auntminnie.com/index.aspx?sec=sup_n&sub=bai&#... . There are some shockers out there. Metal detectors on doors etc. Stopping the guy with a pacemaker is important too. If 'democratically elected' is a description that can be applied to the method via which Bush Junior made it to office then your question becomes even more ludicrous. I could be wrong here, but those rates appear to be just for the US. I think I read somewhere that only about half of what Apple has is sitting in the US ($66 billion comes to mind).