Or Phil forgot to set aside some time for band rehearsals despite accepting the $50million...., certainly Trey should not be faulted, he did far more than should be expected and took his part quite seriously.
Hopefully people will start buying from their local butchers. I am quite sure ( as sure as a vegetarian of 25 years can be ) that your local butcher will not only give you the country of origin he will give you directions to the farm where the cow lived a happy life, and it may just be within a 20 minute bike ride of your house.
Woodstock. Festival Express. Both have some great proshot videos. Both have out takes as well of the band enjoying others music-hanging out, as well as previously unreleased video.
There is a small portion of them doing Monterey Pop but their performance has never been officially released due to legal dealios.
The Human Be In. Death Of The Haight Funeral. Few other videos from 68 as well. I have all of the above but in storage, I know Im missing a bunch. Justin Krutzman compiled a bunch for a video montage, great quality.
Grateful Dead Turn On Your Love Light - Woodstock 40 minute pro shot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUeHBtAMifo
Sun Stones. They are a yellowish crystal-mineral stone that glows if held up to the sun. They can be found on a few beaches around town. Ive never seen them off of the island.
I am in the exact same boat. 297 light, never raided. Ill add my details when I get home.
Love it! I havent played DnD seriously in 30 years but man that is the kind of thing I used to dream of, deluxe for us was drafting graph paper that was ruled to to the mm.
1976 JGB is some of my fave music in the world. So damn mellow, beautiful and THAT WHITE TB GUITAR. That guitar tone is just so damn unique and yet quintessential Jerry. They could release the entire year ( if they had them ) and I would be in heaven.
Do you DL Flacs ? If so I can link a ton.
http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=575049 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=570156 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=568483 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=560433 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=546082 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=545856 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=534099 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=533529 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513940 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513842 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513752 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=512150
Hit him up for some tickets next time hes in your town!
I can happily help, really not any different once you are set up. Do you use Mac or PC ? Do you have a torrent client ( a program that Downloads the torrents you click ) ?
Ok, PC is easiest of the two. So the first thing you need to do is right click desktop make a new folder call it Music say. Next DL qbittorrent ( link below ). Install program, click the DL link on any of the torrents I linked, in a moment your qbittorent will open and ask where to dl it to ? Click the window, hit desktop, and your new music folder, ok. Thats it. Qbittorent will run all your download torrents including movies, music, comics, books etc etc. It is lightweight ( will not use up any memory ) and does not track you with cookies etc. qbittorent is very easy to use and completely intuitive, it does not " play " your files, it is just used for downloading. http://www.qbittorrent.org
If you want a great free audiophile program to play your flacs without converting them try Aimp3. It makes most other players sound and look as bad as they actually are. It also plays 24bit, flac, sacd, dvda etc. etc. http://www.aimp2.us/aimp3-download.php
GDT is the most over fluffed under delivering film maker I can think of. Pacific Rim was beyond horrible, ive never witnessed worse dialogue and acting in a movie theatre in my life. I still have not made it through Crimson Peak, its painfully written and horribly acted despite having maybe the best cast of any movie this year. It takes an incredible amount of work to make the cast of crimson peak act as terribly as they did.
I just puked in my mouth.
Mountains Of Madness.
Completely agree, I had not seen a movie that bad since Yor Hunter From The Future and that was 30 years.
If you are homeless or dress homeless you will be left to drink in peace.
I was 16 mid 80s. A group of friends and I had a friend whos parents went away every weekend to their cottage. We had weekly psychedelic experimentation. These sessions started off with a movie being the focus; Altered States, 2001, Cronenberg movies, Ralph Bashki films, blacksploitation films, animated movies like Secret Of Nihm etc. One night it was Pink Floyds The Wall, and the power of the music combined with the substances and visuals eventually our nights became highly planned and focused music appreciation sessions. We started off with Pink Floyd and that slowly expanded to The Grateful Dead. Then we got copies of The GD Movie, RCMH ( Dead Ahead ), So Far etc.
Great post, still the most legendary cockblock of all time!
I disagree somewhat. Not the show, obviously some of the most incredible moments, and that show has brought me to some very special places ( talking to you Christmas Eve 1993 ). Its the sound quality, its just not exactly perfect. If you listen to it side by side with many bootlegs or any other official release from that period you will find the soundscape to be particularly shallow. If you listen on some good headphones side by side with the Charlie Miller remaster of the show ( bonus you get to hear the entire show ) you may hear what I am talking about. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
edit- There is another version where Charlie patched in the Phil bass solo that Phil famously forced Dick to cut. I need to dig in my HD to find it.
Put on some headphones and CRANK this Here Comes Sunshine. You will not be the same ever again. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
I think Phil thought it was a bit self indulgent, but the backlash from the fans that got back to Phil taught him a lesson that the band were a bit too close to the music and that they should take a step back and let the fans have it how it was played.
CBC and CFUV are all I listen to radio wise. Thankful to have these two in an otherwise desolate and hopeless Victoria radio landscape.
streaming is lossy. you would have to dl the show from btetree for the actual comparison.
That was not a fun half of football. Seahawks look flat and uninspired. I expect a diffent Seahawks second half.
We sure did not win that game, The Vikings lost it. So glad we have another opportunity to play again with this group, because this game would be a terribly lack lustre way to end the season.
Only a complete loser headcase would think this win would be something to gloat about.
You dont think 10 points can beat The Panthers ? /s Ya, we need team brainstorming starting right this moment.
When I was 17 I camped out over night to buy tickers to his Glass Spider Tour in 1987 at CNE Stadium Toronto. Despite all the changes I went through in my musical tastes in my life Bowie never left my music collection.
You can not buy meth and crack 24-7 out in Prospect Lake, lets be reasonable.
Try to buy a 10kilo bag of rice, a 10 kilo bag of lentils, a 15 kilo bag of flour and a 10lbs bag of dried beans. Keep those in the pantry for the next 3 months and add them to dishes. We eat a lot of mexican, and I make my own pizza doughs 1-2 times a week ( and scones, banana bread, muffins etc ). Seems to save us a lot of money. # not saying you are wrong, I was back east in Ontario for a month and groceries were %25 less expensive, my guess is wayyyyy more competition is the reason, I have brought this up numerous times here in other threads, but for some reason any talk of more grocery stores coming to Victoria gets people upset and + downvotes.
Its mushy and tasteless, but it is not horrible.
Rebar - Almond Burger is incredible and very filling. Fantastic toppings. No fries though. You can have it with a side chop salad that is one of the best salads in the city though. Ferris Oyster Bar - Their veggie burger is very unique, it is basically 50% sunflower seeds, sounds weird but its good and unlike most veggie burgers it is crispy. The downside is it is kind of greasy and so are the fries but thats ok once in a while. Pink Bicycle - have two, a bean one which was very mushy, and a chick pea one which has a great consistency but a strong taste, cumin maybe ? The buns, toppings and fries are great though.
I did not hate Bin4s version, it was ok, I tried it twice caveat to go, i bet they are better fresh. Costcos is just their version of Moneys Garden Burger, the original is much better IMO, they don't have much taste but at least they are not fake meat which I find gross.
Its a fake meat type burger, TBH that is not my fave type of burger, so I am a bit biased.
Try Rebar, ive got quite a few carnivores hooked on this one.
Dead Beats is a food truck, they do a cashew burger that was pretty good, not sure if they run in the winter, but they are everywhere in the summer, and they have good fries as well. Its a bit small and expensive relative to some.
Looking forward to trying this, thanks!
Will be trying this, thanks! Have never eaten in Logans I dont think, seen some good shows there though.
Where at Uvic ? I heard at one point there was a veggie restraunt there, we drove up and nobody had heard of it?
Dude, you HAVE TO try it!
Moneys come in 6 packs, can get them at Lifestyles. They also have a veggie breaded cutlet at Lifestyles that i like even better, put that on a bun with toppings and homemade fries.
Thanks!
Is it open on Saturdays?
Thanks
Thanks!
Laces
Oh great, thanks!
Is the porta a burger or just a roasted mushroom ? Thanks!
Roast some almonds, peanuts and cashews in a dry pan until toasted then add that to your processor. dredge your patty in sunflower seeds and sesame seeds before frying it up in some EVOO.
will do, making a hit list!
*IF the Queen dies. Not so sure she will ever die, I am leaning towards the strong possibility she is a cyborg.
Jerry once said that if he had to pick just one instrument to play it would of been the pedal steel, but he said to be proficient at it its all he could of played. I often wonder when was the last time he played it, did he have Gris over to the house over the garage and jam out on his pedal steel and banjo ? Did he sit down at the piano and still compose ala he did for Terrapin in 77 ? If so when?
72 Fall Philo Stomps is Phil at his pinnacle ( not that im arguing, 73 is beyond epic ). Philo Stomp -- 10/24/72 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQXy2az5_LA
The Orcas at Oakbay Marina, but it may be best to try and forget that all together ( HTF was that allowed to go on ?!? )
They hit a spring of water that should of been found long before the drilling began. The city freaked, the Lablaws group said fuck you then, kiss your store good bye.
and zero character development.
Oh I get it, and it will make 2 billion. But it will not be a movie, it will 2 hour action sequence. I would far prefer a movie more in the realm of the first two thirds of the Star Trek reboot. NOTHING HAPPENS. Its just great dialogue with character building.
Thanks for giving me permission for skipping the premiere.
In the summer the city does different dance nights outside at market square and centenial square.
They have two fires going at night, the apt building is complaining about how bad the smell is, not sure where they are getting firewood to have perpetual fires.
Jerry ripping Ziggy Stardust out of Space at Redrocks 78. Ooops that was just a dream I dreamed long ago......
Not excited by this honestly. I will get it and listen to it, but not at all what I was hoping for ( full show from 70-71 era maybe one with an unplugged set ).
Bailiff was on CBC APW this evening, remarkable story. With better infrastructure this could ( should ) be more common.
She is just plain AMAZING in JGB 76-78. Jerry said the vocal blend in that period went unmatched his career.
The new owners have done some interesting things preserving the character of the hotel, so far they cut down the iconic trees out front, tore down the rose garden and are now closing one of victorias best known and longest lasting restaurant. Why did they not just build a new hotel, the vacant spot beside crystal Gardens ( budget rental ) has been waiting for a buyer for 25 years.
Mayor was on CBC Monday she said that they are close to a deal for it to be in Esquimalt.
The Cons are really terrible at opposition. The irony, and just general befuddlement is entertaining in a way, but I also feel almost embarrassed for them.
I asked the company as they were cutting them down, as I lived downtown and my children played under the dinosaur trees weekly if not daily. He said it was not in the vision of the new owners. I call complete bullshit on safety.
I thought the ministry was putting everyone up in hotels.
TERRIBLE black Friday and Boxingday sales. I had giftcards and did not buy a thing.
VERY good point, I suppose I can always use an extra external HD.
Anyone know the symbology at work in this painting? I know all Renaissance work was supposed to work on two levels the spiritual and the human.
Minister was on CBC this morning to give some details. This girl is NOT the only person under ministry care living at "tent city". I can not think of a single part of the provincial government more embarrassing than the ministry of children. It is a complete shit-show from the top on down.
Put her in a mental ward if they can not do "anything" else. At least she can get some therapy before she becomes a drug addicted hooker or worse. A judge needs to do something before it is too late, this is a CHILD under the Provinces care.
I do not find this to be true.
This is what your looking for! http://www.gettinhigherchoir.ca/
Blows my mind to think Jerry is playing in a motel bar a mere weeks after the GDs Fall 72 tour.
I get the feeling from bits ive seen and read that this strays from the game in that he flips between different time periods; intentionally or not. Or correct me, maybe that is what the game entails ? Either way I am very intrigued and am a sucker for time travel.
and women. I would rather see a woman as the lead in an action-secret agent-spy movie. Toss in a woman director as well.
Hopefully they keep up flapping their lips because it makes me laugh.
Wow did not realize, thanks for bringing this to my attention.....
Not sure at all about his name but I can describe him, and have seen him as recently as Fall and he seemed to be doing the same scam.
I buy happy meals and hand them out, particularly on holidays when a lot of soup kitchens are closed or have short hours. No possible way will I ever give money.
She is even more famous. She often "marks" people around the China Town gates. Awful person.
Ha, reddish hair 40ish missing a bunch of teeth ? If so, no that is ANOTHER person and she is horribly horribly addicted to meth-crack-pills-everything. I used to live in that area and see her daily and how she is still alive is beyond comprehension.
No, this guy is drug addict thin, pony tail dark hair in a pony tail, always a black ballcap, glasses and possibly an ethnicity of first nations or even Mexican ?
They have been putting BABIES in hotels, check yesterdays paper and news. Weve gone from them admitting 26 cases to over 125 as of Monday ( that we know about ).
You just go enjoy Pacific Rim the grown ups are talking dear.
Vinyl Rips will be around, and im sure they sound incredible. All the other RSD vinyls have been transfered to Flac im sure this one is no different. GL poke around.
VERY EXCITED, woke up at 5am and my first thought in my groggy brain was will The Beast be unleashed today ?
Well, that will spell the END to R rated large budget movies. Fuck you China.
I always wondered why it was labeled Cryptical??
True, but this one always struck me as particularly odd as we know Cryptical is a suite of music, it would be the same as saying --1977 they played Weather Report Suite when they played Let It Grow. - Or maybe I am missing something ?
Right, you are correct, did they ever just do "Cryptical" without The Other One ? I have always refered to the Suite as Cryptical if it starts and ends with Cryptical; Cryptical-Otherone-Cryptical instead of the proper terminology of Thats It For The Other One. I suppose I should re listen to Hundred Year Hall ( or Eu72 Box ) and see if they tease Cryptical anywhere in that massive and dark Other One but I seem to remember studying that very conundrum and coming up empty but it will be a fun exercise none the less.
Nailed it. Sure if you are Cleveland this would be a great year. Not so with this line up. Wasted potential, I hope they fix some things and turn a few people around for next year, this team has one more year before it looks completely different.
I thought that was going to be the case this year, then we played a third of our games like a junior b college team.
Did anyone criticize Coach ? He is by far my favourite coach in the league, that beig said our offencive calls at times were pathetic and the players picked for offencive line were a horrible joke, I am not sure how much of that blame sits on Coaches shoulders, some I am sure. Hopefully these things are looked at closely.
I think you can be thankful that we have a great team and be angry with the team not coming close to their potential. I do not see it as an either or.
I think even public schools would benefit from uniforms. One last distraction, one less thing for kids to be teased about or looked down on for. See the benefit it has done for Public Charter Schools.
How many of these losses were 10am starts ? Pete does not have the Seahawks do early practice, he likes to keep things loose. The players like that, BUT that also means getting up early for the early games already puts them in that foggy headspace.
Send Cam packing, I think his attitude was more of a locker room distraction than theses professionals let on. No way should we resign Marshawn, again I believe there was a lot of back room drama with him we were not privy to because our team is like a brotherhood and most of them are gentlemen and professionals ( in attitude ).
I have tried about a dozen. Go with one without an external power supply. Better to buy a few 2.5 TB ones than put everything on a 5TB and have it fail. BACK IT UP. Over writing is the enemy and can lead to errors in the long run. So in short have a 2.5 HD that you use as your player, this you can delete add delete as you wish, but keep everything else on another HD that you only write to and only connect to add more source material to. I have had amazing performance from the Toshiba, they are very sturdy cased as well. http://www.amazon.com/Toshiba-Canvio-Basics-Portable-Drive/dp/B00N2S6W86/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453251774&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=toshiba+HD
his first line of the morning, judging by those eyes I would say this started the morning before...
When was the last time VICPD handed out a ticket to a bus driver!? They regularly and flagrantly speed through intersections with pedestrians in them. I have called BCtransit on one driver he almost hit myself with my baby in a stroller during a walk signal. Maybe you could take a few hours a month to look at this ....
The TAXPAYER decides where their money goes to fund the type of school their children attends. That is smart and it gives the public more choice and competition is very good for EVERYONE the schools, the teachers and the children. If this topic is so upsetting for you maybe find a different one to rant in ?
I am salty; LOL. I am not religious in the least. I just think Victoria has a generally shitty and underfunded public school system ( most likely all of BC ). I also believe Catholic schools offer in most cases a better education, more specialists, more EAs, more sports and smaller class sizes. I also, unlike yourself am not upset by people having the right to chose religion, chose private schools or to divert their school taxes how they see fit. Not sure if you are a parent or not, but as I said before you seem quite upset by others choices about things that do not effect you what so ever ( edit notice i have said "i believe" where you see to know what is best for everyone else )
"That goes for non-religious private schools. They are "better" because they are better funded because they get donations from churches and have a pay to attend policy. " See above, but I still do not see your point, people should not be able to choose ? Catholic Schools in BC are good for everyone, the people who attend are still paying taxes that fund public schools yet they are not using those resources. If we say closed all semi-private schools ( Christian and Catholic schools ) the province of BC would be in a world of hurt, they are already stretched as far as they can possibly be, we have public schools in Victoria that are literally falling apart, moldy, without EAs, specialists, have little technology infrastructure and the class sizes are out of hand. "and that should not be a thing. Then you get an underfunded military, and underfunded social services because people who don't need it don't want to pay for it. Taxes go towards a "common good" not what you think is good for you and only you." No, you are incorrect. Ontario's model of diverting your taxes one way or the other does not lose taxes for anyone, and that IS a thing because taxpayers decided they wanted it that way.
Good luck getting through the storm!
No, no we do not, and anyone who does needs an education on what a continuing deteriation of the envirement will actually COST. Cost as in dollars, lots and lots of dollars.
Paul Giamati - Page
LCD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Band rocks so friggin hard. Can not wait to see them back on a live stage.
This song was always played epicly.
Thats a shame, I am a westcoaster as well and although I am not the hugest fan there is some incredible gems to be mined in his catalog. Saying you hate Sprigsteen is akin to saying you hate Dylan or the Beatles or MUSIC, he plays in so many different styles there is something for everyone IMO.
Oh, I dont mean to infer YOU hate Sprigsteen, just a lot of "heads" are very closed minded about "other" music, I at one point when the GD were still around fit that category somewhat. Now I listen to all sorts of strange stuff that Pitchfork recommends and revisit all sorts of clasic stuff I never gave the proper time to back ion the day ( 24 bit Vinyl rips have helped greatly with my appreciation ).
Corny ? Sorry brah put down the bong and stop wooking out.
Well now I know its just you; you can not relate to Seinfeld either ? Duuuude you have issues.
Great choice. Much better choice than the 76 show IMO.
Things racists say for $200 Alex.
Saoirse is such an amazing Actor. Ever since seeing her in Atonement, you just knew she was special beyond most. Then Lovely Bones, Hanna and most recently Brooklyn I just get blown away by her all over every time. There was a rumor she was cast in Star Wars then it never happened, would love to see her do one of the solo films.
Just curious, but how long have you known about this guy and why does it always seem like months+ before "you" put out a statement like this?
Yet nurses and hospital workers seem to have a very inflated percentage of smokers compared to many professions. I know it is a stressful job but the irony is insanity.
"some"..../s
Contact these people ASAP, you honestly need help. http://www.islandcommunitymentalhealth.ca/
No, I cant click links from here.
So lets say the first incident happened the first week of December, CBC said something like DEC.3rd, and between then and now 12 (TWELVE !!! ) more incidents happen? Now 7 weeks or so pass and you decide to formally "alert" the city and the media ?? That strikes me as pretty shitty. I do not believe alerting the city and the media about what "possibly" was going on after the 3rd incident would of infringed on this "person's" rights. So as much as I appreciate you taking the time to write that and for being a presence here I am more frustrated now then before. * edit WTF is wrong with you people you think the police have done an acceptable job in their handling of this ???
Nailed it. 12.26.79 has THE Jerry solo, Bob tries to step in chop it down but Jerry just looks at him over top of his glasses and proceeds to melt the entire stage in balls of fire.
Zero pretty much. I dont think they have the speed to pull that or The Eleven off. One mistake and either of those go off the rails instantly.
The seeders at LL will re-up for you. Just go to the forums and make a request, you can even PM some of the people who have upped the other DVDs. I believe just the second set was available, like Buffalo it was a screen feed ?
Torrenting is easy, I will happily teach you and link everything you need and what to do in a ELI5 process ( mac-pc or both ). Why limit yourself by not torrenting?
I would not recommend utorrent anymore it comes bundled with spyware. Are you on Mac or PC ? If PC then for sure qbittorent. It is very lightweight can handle all your torrent needs and its open source so no ads or spyware. http://www.qbittorrent.org/
Are you on PC or Mac ? Ill type up a guide once I know and if you need any additional help or ANY questions just send them mu way.
Sure thing. Ill type it up and post back later!
PC definitely gives you far more options IMO, I have both as well, I prefer PC for torrent.
Ok. So first things first you need a program to "download" your torrents into your folders. There are 100s of choices, most will work fine, but some are heavy on spyware, advertisements and cookies. I have tried a dozen+ or more I believe qbittorent gets the highest ratings currently and that is what I recommend ( link below ). So click the link I give you, then install the program, just let it install in its default program area that it chooses. It will ask if you want a desktop icon and or a task-bar icon, I say yes. It may also ask if you want this as your default torrent program, again yes. OK leave the program be, in fact close it if its open. On your desktop right click and create "new folder" lets call this MUSIC. Click that folder and inside create new folders for JGB, Grateful Dead, Jazz etc ( if you plan on torrenting movies make a separate movie master folder ), nothing to me is more frustrating than downloading a show and not being able to find where it actually is. Close that. OK now you have some decisions, HOW are you planning on listening to this music ? Much of the GD world are Lossless torrents ( FLAC ) , which for simplicity sake means you are downloading CD quality. Some of you may only want MP3, I say that is a shame The Dead tapers taped the music preserving as much information as possible, you may as well hear it how it was intended, but if hard drive space is an issue, or if your only listening to your ipod then maybe MP3 is fine. So I digress, how are you listening to the music ? I have the music on external hard drives that I plug into my laptop or PC and I use Jriver or Aimp3 as my "media player" then the laptop or PC is plugged into my amp. Like your torrent program there are 100s of media players, they range from Audiophile quality to basic players and from free to quite expensive, if you are confused "itunes" is a common media player ( not one I recommend at all even for you Mac people ). Jriver is my fave but its $35.00, what I will recommend is AIMP3 it is lightweight can play anything ( flac, mp3, 24bit, DVDa, SACD etc ) and its free ( link below ). Other popular free media players are FOOBAR and MEDIAMONKEY. Both are great, but I find AIMP3 to use less resources and is far simpler and intuitive. If you are wishing to go oldschool and want to burn CDs and do not want a media player let me know, I can sort that out as well ( Traders Little Helper and EAC ). So skip this step if you have a good media player that plays Flac. If not click the AIMP3 link install it, yes to desktop and taskbar, yes you want it as your default player. Close it. Now lets do a test download. There are 1000s of places to grab torrents, BTETREE is free, safe and legal and have 1000s of GD shows ( all lossless ). So lets start with a GD show ( duh! ). Click the link, once it opens the 4th bar from the top says TORRENT - to the right of that is the torrent name. in this case it says "gd73-06-22.mtx.seamons.92375.sbeok.flac.torrent" , left click that. A box will open and say "open with qbittorent". Click OK. A second box will open this is for its destination. Click "BROWSE". Then a new window will open, on the left side you will see DESKTOP. Click that and scroll though all your desktop stuff until you see your new "MUSIC" folder, click that, inside click OPEN on your Grateful Dead folder. OK. Thats it, in a minute it will start to download. In 15 minutes or so it will complete. Now you have a show, If you have AIMP3, open that. Open music, click new playlist, put the name Grateful Dead 6.22.73 and drag and drop the file onto the playlist. Press play. CRANK IT UP! Test torrent GD 6.22.73 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=516051 BTETREE Torrents ( shows ) http://bt.etree.org/ qbittorrent ( torrent program ) http://www.qbittorrent.org/ AIMP3 ( music player ) http://www.aimp.ru/index.php?do=news&amp;id=27 TRADERS LITTLE HELPER ( convert your FLAC files to WAVE to burn as CDs ) http://tlh.easytree.org/ EAC ( free music cd burning program ) http://www.exactaudiocopy.de/
I have a brutal cold, hope I did not confuse anyone overly, post questions or PM me )
See above, hope this helps
Almost done, will post it ASAP
Wooks should not have to recognize something as paltry as Borders.
Love it! Much nicer than the ones from Deadnet or Liquidblue. Great Job.
Love it!
Check out the BEAST it had become by 1974. Some of the most intense playing they ever did IMO, much like Lazy Lightning a shorter song just bristled with psychedelic fire. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BmbaRH4X5U
The proto-Playin! Ya, its very cool. This album and ACE are worth a good listen. There are some interesting out takes from this album, I dont think they include the horns that may of been mixed in ?
Maybe, but making profit off of fellow heads is strange ( to me )
You may believe that, and you may wish that the Conservatives believe that but c'mon that is not even remotely realistic, and a change that drastic in the party's mantra would make it a new party, something that is not happening.
That is what I am hoping for, the more decisions and announcements the more of the Conservatives radical Christian base that will desolve and look to put their money towards some other party, hopefully this is the beginning of a fractured Conservative party.
Pro tip. Do not let in dogs or smokers. 1 cat can be fine IF they seem like responsible people and pay a pet deposit. Signed former building manager who has had to "fix" countless suites after dog owners and smokers and had even more noise complaints for barking in the night or howling dogs when the owner is gone during the day. As for the smoked in suites many times 3 coats of paint and re-flooring still did not get the stench of smoke out.
Victoria has way too much sprawl for this to work without a massive investment that will not come. You look at a city like Amsterdam ( been many times and to other European cycling cities ) and the key is density and rapid rail ( street cars, train, subway, buses ). The RR takes the cars off the roads giving room for the proliferation of bike only paths. On top of the investment we would need a change in bylaws ( ? not sure if this is the hold up ) to get the the tens of thousands of unused square footage downtown turned into housing to get more people closer to their jobs and in cycling distance of home; talking about all those above retail spaces all over old downtown that sit vacant because they are too expensive to bring up to code and or are not zoned properly anymore. You look at a city like Amsterdam or even a small town like Haarlem not a single old building sits tenant-less, and many of those houses are 300 years old, something is wrong when we have 75-100 year old 3 stories worth of units sitting vacant ( lower Johnson as an example ).
I understand your well articulated points, but it DOES work for many cities across the world.
Ted Talk ( over 1.1 million views ) on traffic issues and what is being done. https://www.ted.com/talks/jonas_eliasson_how_to_solve_traffic_jams?language=en
PRIMAL!
The one they played at the Great Pyramid in Egypt with that 15 minute Middle Eastern spooky jam.............oh ya, they literally forgot to play all the stuff that should of been played in Egypt.
They did St Stephen some justice in NYC.
LOL this made me smile!
This is one of the best Crazy Fingers ☮ Grateful Dead, 6/14/76 - HD/HQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hR41TwJZPsw
Cocker Meenow
Only ones I have found in town that are regularly filled with life are at Cattle Point. You will have to time it after the tide has recently left. By the boat launch.
I love his early singing a lot; Texas Fall 72 Box Of Rain I am looking at you! When he stopped harmonizing post retirement you could really hear his missing elements. Why the hell did they not do Pride Of Cucamunga live at the time, what a great first set song that could of grown in to. Much of his post Dead stuff has been painful to hear ( VOCALLY only I am talking about ), specifically Terrapin, HalfStep and Eyes; ouch. I remember seeing PhilandFriends in 99 ( AWESOME show ) and Phil started singing Halfstep and I literally had zero fucking clue what he was singing let alone what song it was and on most days it is my favorite Dead song.
You had me at " Jerry on his Travis Bean "!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That tone just melts my fucking soul like no other sound in the universe.
I would say Fall 72 is Jerry as the full package perfect player, singer and band leader. His voice is mature and had not yet been ill effected by smoking and drugs. Every year ( and show )from 68-74 and 77 are damn near perfect though and you should explore all of them and stop listening to post Dead all together except seeing them live, that is different.
&gt; The shitty Travis guitar is a minus WHAT THE FUCKING HOLY HELL DID YOU JUST SAY ? That guitar is uber-godly in tone. You can not possibly think that, that is the craziest thing I have read on this forum and even crazier than OP listening to only post Jerry Dead.
78 over 77 Eh ? Interesting. I can barely listen to much of 78 it is so sloppy and the band are obviously using way too much. There are exceptions obviously, but on a whole I can not think of a single show in 78 that compares to even the 10th best show of 77.
Tons of times between 72-75 ish. Not sure if it was ever played by Jerry after he and Merl split company.
I have one near 30 minutes I believe, will have to dig it out.
Ahh OK, makes sense, so maybe 79 was the last one?
Got it the first day it was available, like every other DP. Not a great show IMO. The From Egypt With Love shows in October, those blow DP18 away in every aspect, again maybe thats just me.
Nudes of your xwife or it didnt happen.
Think of what could of been. 72 Darkstar - Jerry melts into an evil Tiger Roar - Out of the cosmic ashes of Space emerges - The beautiful and hauntingly intricate Mountain Song.
At least 100 people know this guy, are his next door neighbor, have sold him groceries, sold him drugs, rented him a steam cleaner, been behind him at the library check out. C'mon folks this is not Mexico City, someone come forward with his name ( or pass it on to your local Asian gang member so they can remedy the situation ).
Phil and Friends did it a lot for a bit, and Further as well.
Thatd be great. I was thinking it would be Texas Fall 72, full run.
pretty much.
Pig Pen was rappin back in 70. Started with the Beat poets.
Blow Away was EPIC. People who didnt appreciate that were just plain dumb.
Dude! Wrong so wrong, that is one of the finest studio numbers they ever did. Could of been a Johnny Cash song.
Some absolutely terrible Grateful Dead fans in this thread, I will assume you are all FTW folks and not actual fans. Really embarrassing thread folks.
Maybe the best Days Between ever. Healy had the sound swirling around and all echoey and haunting, very cool moment.
Not if they can not appreciate the music no. Read the entire thread, honestly this forum has become over run.
Nobody anywhere said you must love everything, but hateing ?? How about appreciating ?
People are seen with a finger in the air during the GD movie which is 74.
Keep everything clean. Have a garbage and recycle bag. Clean the area around you, not just your own mess. It can take the heat off. Do not have "anything" on you.
I would put American Beauty and Workingmans Dead and put them up against just about any other bands one two punch. If they had of recorded all the Europe72 into a proper studio album as was planned they really would be considered as good of a studio band as a live band.
Also be aware there are a group of lowlife wooks who amongst other things call themselves "GD family" they are dirty unwashed flatbrim wearing scummy types. They actually think they "run" the lot. Ive seen them impose everything from lot tax, to flipping peoples tables, to getting you busted by security, to starting fights and stealing coolers. You may think im joking, and I wish I was.
Who are you disagreeing with ? EVERYONE knows The Dead were THE live band, you just can not even debate that. I think it is shortsighted to dismiss their early studio albums, specifically AB and WMD, the Dead were hanging with CSN a lot then - "they taught us harmonies , we taught them how to jam a bit" , and it really shows on those two albums.
Completely.
I respectfully disagree with pretty much everything you typed, and think it really is strange why you do not see why it is a good idea to advertise our inclusiveness in todays world; just look at how many cons voted against equal rights just last weekend.
UNU, do you think that there is a higher likelihood of an American nuclear strike with a sitting Republican President over a Democrat President ? What can you put the odds at ?
&gt; As you guys came off like GD-album-apologists Eh? Those are two great albums, period. Its not live or studio which is better debate ( live , duh ) its those are two fantastic albums that easily reflect on some of their contemporaries, The Band, Dylan and CSNY. also I would URGE all of you to seek out the 24bit AB and WMD, shit is unreal.
Agreed.
Ya, they had a new album scrpted out with all the stuff they had been getting ready for EU72, then they had a big fallingout with WB and said fuck it, we need two albums to get out of our contract and delivered the EU72. Hunter was devastated, this was his OPUS, he had poured his soul into this album of alt-Americana and now it would never be.
Half Step - Dicks Picks 15
Not Fade Away - Dicks Picks 15
Black Mother-Fuckin' Peter - ( played like Dew ) Road Trips Volume 1 Number 2
Wow, I think its in a really old Relix I have. Its an interview or story on Hunter. Ill try to find it and scan it ? I dont think they said exactly which songs apart from that they were all new songs. BE Woman, Hes Gone, RambleRose, Jed etc.
That was a real shame, some of the biggest trees in Saanich.
not at all true. like saying weed is weed.
You should not have to deal with this. Let him know it is not cool. Ask him to smoke outside and maybe buy him an edible from the dispensary, which are far better for apartment use.
We have a lot of ocean and a great university with a renown science department ?
Everything you said is true, but we have had a large contingent of tweaked out violent mentally ill crack heads since at least the mid 90s, they were just all spread out between downtown and beacon hill park and beyond. Having them living on top of each other as in tent city has completely exasperated the problems.
Then your buying some shitty edibles. Not trolling but thats the truth.
Thats certainly 100% incorrect. Not only can it be stronger, or much less so, it can be hybrid, sativa or indica.
I didnt say you did. You are still incorrect though.
Or fine them. We are paying them as is, giving them the day off is not a option.
Or tie it to the bumper for that matter. Leave dogs home people.
It was a really horrible film. The first one was surprising, smart, funny and clever, the sequel was none of those things.
High jerry without glasses really messes with my head. Heff talked about how he was tripping for two days after this "show". Pig was lost in the Grotto....
There are both now. At least two large zip-lines for kids in Victoria, haven't seen these since the 70s. Also a few two story rope climbing towers.
This version is the best they ever did. Hopefully the Texas Fall 72 Boxset will be released soon. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_j3Q5mIE2c
Love the story.
This movie, at the time really got me into documentaries.
So many factors. First thing I would do though is get a copy of the strata minutes for the last few years-ish and read them, it will let you know what is happening with the building ( noise, smokers, repairs etc etc ).
One thing to note is being there is a lot different than judging Bob for all his Bobbyness on a recording. A cracked strained oversung or screamed vocal can seem obnoxious on tape, but they were not playing to tape they were playing for a bunch of dosed out freaks who were screaming themselves and were creating that feedback loop of energy.
Grateful Dead - Good Lovin' - 12/31/79 - Oakland Auditorium (OFFICIAL) Dude is the fucking man, thats really all there is to that. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjshylA2KZo
You do not like Bobs vocals ? WTF, in his prime he was one of the best rock singers, period.
The people behind you willove you /s.
I remember a thread on the Well " Dick couldnt pick a pumpkin" lol.
I like to have the OPTION of seeing the artists I came to see, not some rage-totem swung around in front of everyone.
I get it, you didn't get enough attention during childhood, i believe this is a common issue in wook culture.
Duuuuuude, those are secrets! Just kidding, that place is incredible, just buy and fly, but incredible prices and selection, some amazing hash as well.
This is what you are looking for. http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=561470
Great shots. I couldn't see if you labeled them, did you ? Also on the photography side, I find your use of that reflective surface really distracting, takes away from your shot IMO.
That sounds awesome!
Get a better lock dude, and may the four winds blow you safely home!
Its not like Bobby is sitting on the can making up what things should cost so he can buy a new 66 Corvette Stingray ( thats what Bob does with his money ) , they have a management company who does all this stuff and the band themselves most likely has zero idea about what a tshirt costs and may not even know which shows are being streamed until they see the camera guys at soundcheck.
Oh, nice! I thought in pic one there was one of those dollar store ulocks.
Magic Mushrooms were banned in The Netherlands after a French teen in Amsterdam ate a bunch and jumped off a bridge into a canal and died. A sad case to be sure but tens of thousands of doses were sold every year and incidents were very rare. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/netherlands/3441105/Magic-mushrooms-banned-in-Netherlands.html
Help On The Way ( 4 words but short )
Friends don't let friends mp3.
72-74 Truckins brought some of the best jams the band ever played.
6/18/74 is about as far away from cheesy as you can possibly get. It has more in common with miles davis jazz fusion than anything cheesy. If you can not dig the Eyes you may as well find a different band ( ALLMYOPINION )
This is one of the best concerts they ever played and it is quite the uptempo show. Much of the night the band plays like a locamotive without breaks. https://archive.org/details/GratefulDead6-9-77Winterland
Can you give me an example of the pen that fits ? I still do not get it ?
You are missing out and I feel bad for you.
Post of the day!
seconded.
As a Canadian who voted for Trudeau I am so damn happy with him and his thoughts on this subject. I admit to being a bit impatient, but I understand it takes time for a country as diversified and the size of ours to get things right.
For sure, but I also believe 76 they had to "think" a lot, new material, back on the road as a unit, Mickey having to fit in and the band with him. Again, comparison wise 76 has many magical shows-moments, but by 77 they were so dialed in the music played the band almost without exception for an entire year.
PRIDE Of Cucamunga opener tonight.
No, more like chickens, they fly a lot, just not far.
Mayers "solo" at the mid-end of PASSENGER was fucking napalm level heat. Wow-just wow.
Sooke public dock.
I am a Donna fan, but she added nothing last night, I appreciate the thought, but a young woman with some pipes would of really added another level to the chosen songs.
Something Wicked This Way Comes.
She would be great! A nice extra mandolin to FOD is always appreciated.
&gt; There was a time that I actually questioned Fishman's abilities. Say what? Can you point out a tour where Fish was not on top of his shit ?!? Im also a fan since the early 90s and Fish can ALWAYS be counted on.
Kill Devil Falls
DwD - I swear that song follows me everywhere. If I am at a run, the biggest jam of the run will be ....... DwD. I think this has been the case since 8/2/97.
Stash-Tweezer 9/9/99 Hood, Mikesgroove- 11/23/96
Former landlord here. ( Almost ) forget about replying to ads. Instead pick the 20 buildings you like and accept pets go to them and talk to the manager in person, if they think you are a good fit they will put you on a wait list ( talking buildings here not basement suites ). Every building has a few turnovers every quarter year or so.
The best reason to still go to Amsterdam is the incredible selection of old world hashes. Some of the morrocan stuff is ridiculously strong.
I find it very accurate, atleast here on Vancouver Island.
Well, honestly even that is better than some rando bud pic.
Random sativa, random indica !? Maybe its just my OCD.
Ha, sorry, lame attempt at humour, it was a Seinfeld-ism. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LHhbdXCzt_A
No down side to this. Jelly Penis for everyone.
WOW. The people who live directly next door to this building; The 834 I think, must be freaking out. Most of the buildings units are luxury condos( $300-700k-ish ).
Its a joke, a qote from Seinfeld, cry somewhere else.
Haha!
I know right.
Such a shame this did not become a yearly gig.
You took the time to argue semantics ? Bored much?
Enter Kurt Conners.
What about the fatty in charge, he hates the weed, even when it is for cancer patients.
Bonus points for smoking over water seeing how dry the west is.
Been in that boat for over 30 years. That said Phish is super fun to see live, I do not spin them much at all at home, but they are so great live. Jam starts around 4.5 minutes in. Phish - 1/2/2016 - "Tweezer" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Pi3UQ67Zu4
He really is great.
Check there tour dates this summer, may be close to you.
Even Bill needs to top up his stash sometimes!
Check these out. Ghost is akin to Darkstar in that once the composed section is done it flows into a completely open formless jam that can and does go anywhere, I prefer the dark as Hades ones. Harry Hood is a much more composed number - almost prog rock, but with lots of room to improvise. It also has the most shit eating smile on your face reprise-closing in the catalogue. Phish - 7/12/14 "Ghost" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBssYBEJ_BU Phish - 7/1/14 "Harry Hood" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx1SfR9DV3k
see above, and Im so happy for you!
Great! I could post more links all day. Ill leave just one more for now...the most storied of Phish compositions, and sadly a very rare event indeed. Its what got me hooked on Phish in 91, during an extensive Dead listening marathon at a buddys cottage in a very altered state. Phish - 7/8/12 "You Enjoy Myself" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onq0yTA-J_M
Ya, it was not the TRUCK SET, but MSG and Phish is never a bad time.
After Fall 96, Fall 99 was the best Phish I ever saw. Check out 9/9/99 for a sacred show. Stash, Tweezer, YEM, Ghost all go off the chain.
I wish they listed song timings.
Eh, I see this as fair game, pun intended. Some douche "stole" it from India so fuck the Empress.
Details on strain info ?
Is that the bluemountain sativa ?
Dude, TAXI DRIVER, they know where the weed is. Just go to any hotel, and hop in the first dope smoking looking cab you see.
OP have you tried any of the Jamaican gum hash ? Stuff is very very strong.
A hairy dude, slightly unwashed, maybe a Grateful Dead, Phish or Allmans Tshirt. Even cabbies who do not smoke are asked all the time by tourists for weed.
Does not look like a Coffee Shop at all, wonder where this is?
That is old testament. New testament is far more forgiving regardless of the crime.
Oh, I do not believe God said anything one way or another and I believe the bible to be fully contrived and twisted by the authors, the translaters and ravaged by time.
To your last question, nothing specific, but possibly more focus points ? But in general just up to date technology instead of paying full price for 4 year old tech seems crazy to me.
No reason to try and insult me, or the level of skill I do or do not have, I recieved top in my class marks for two years of a very well regarded photography program ( eeks 30 years ago now...) My wife will be super happy and understanding if I decide to return it and wait a year. I long ago outgrew my current camera, it was all I could afford and processing film for my old minolta was expensive and smelly and it was a beast to carry around.
I bet his name is Chad.
They always roll into the first show early, practice, family stuff etc.
Pink Lady, Jazz and Honey Crisp. My 3 fave apples!
Same boat. Blue Dream is nice, I still avoid it in the evening though. I got some anti anxiety pure Sativa a few weeks back that is super euphoric, rushy buzz, that leaves you with a perma smile. Its called spice2.5 but from what I understand it has not made the rounds yet and may never.
Ontario is already readying its liquor stores for next year, they seem to think that will be the deal in Ontario, it may be up to each individual province how they roll.
Good. Lets stop pretending this is 1970 and that some how fossil feuls are the answer. Lets really lean into solar, wind, tidal power and take a big swing. Lets be a country of innovation instead if chasing the past with blinders on.
11/23/96 is the best version nobody talks about, if this show was officially released people would lose their shit over this night.
I hope your post is on 11.23.96 people need to know about this show.
The song is great, the video is really bad.
Lol post a QP and you do not even mention what strain let alone sativaindica ?
Semantics. We are being left behind and we have the most to lose by doing nothing. http://www.maxim.com/rides/audi-concept-truck-futuristic-concept-2016-6
I respectfully disagree with pretty much everything you say. We can not carry on making choices because "this way is easier and this is just how we do things". Leave the oil and the gas where it is. The UN thinks we will be a super power, an agricultural one, not an oil and gas one. With climate change increasing at an unexpected pace huge parts of the world will not be able to sustain the crops that feed their nations, we need to be ready for that opportunity and become the worlds bread basket. Relying on oil and gas not only compounds the climate change we are trying to avoid it also takes our focus away from change. You need to change your mode of thinking, it is of an outdated outlook that dies not fit with the reality we are facing.
Name checks out.
Germany eliminated fracking. Another positive move. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-fracking-idUSKCN0Z71YY
"On top of that, Canada is at a natural disadvantage when it comes to renewables" I had to read this 10 times to gauge if you were being sarcastic or not. You can not really be serious?
The Emily Carr one is unique, in that its very modern, tiny, and in a mall. Its at uptown. Its so small you have to self check books IN to return them.
Not overly cool when returning 53 books, some of which do not scan properly.
Ha, most of them were of the bedtime story variety!
south-ed.
Business 101 - Know your target consumers.
Came to post this. They used to bake their own doughnuts in every shop, used real whip cream, and if the baker wished he made some specialty items that were different than every other shop (cakes, tarts etc ). I honestly never go to T.H. , i find it disgusting and it kills me thst people think its quality canadian food.
I went through this, with Telus exclusive. It turned out to be a fantastic deal for the first two years and every time something went wrong if you complained you got something else free or discounted ot extended. After the two years sign a deal with whomever you wish.
The pile on joking. You click a thread expecting an discussion about said topic, but no, its 10000 idiots making horrible puns.
Thing is, Ive seen her at shows by in the 89-90 era, she was always with these guys that were friends of friends, and she seemed to get into the shows in every way. This is long before cell phones ruined peoples attention spans in regards to concert going. Buuuuuuuut ive seen her on TV rail against pot, drugs, drug use ETC ETC, yet she claims to be a libertarian ? AND a Deadhead ??? I know for fact she had some ahem "good times " at some shows so stop being such a doubletalking hypocritical $#%* Anne.
I currently go to AAA Dispensary. There stuff is amazing, consistent and well priced. Staff is very friendly. The jamaican blue mountain fire sativa is one of the nicest things ive come across.
Thats crazy, i have to see the quality, 5$ hash ?
Maybe its more a local and family feel, not some big travel thing.
Back pain ( big )yes, headaches yes, occasional migraines yes, Shingles flare ups yes, reoccurring insomnia yes, I could go on. Why should I be embarrassed that something actually helps and I do not need to wait a month to see my doctor and take pills that I am sure are not good for me.
Wooks are wookin out.
Those lawns SUCK. If your going to the show, you may as well see it.
7.8 is only pretty good for you op?
Gross Point Blanc
BACKSTAGE PASS. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmHRcC6PJGk
My pleasure. It was uploaded to some torrent sites with the laser video disc rip which is much better than the VHS copy I had ( and loved ).
Thats the sunshinedaydream aug72 show linked above, youll see. They certainly were dosed during the GD Movie, its the retirement 74 shows. You can see just how lit Bobby is before the encore. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DxUaboLIf6I
Love this movie. It is like tailired made to my tastes which is rare.
Or she could of shown up for rehearsal and worked out any technical issues before going on live.
Depression is no joke, call someone you trust.
PM me your snail mail if you like, and when I unpack Ill try to find you some old lot stickers.
How much was it ? Was there 24 unknown prizes ?
Oh I see, thanks!
Sadly true.
If we all chip in a few bucks we could pay the 49ers to take him off our hands.
I do not think they sold out the Gorge, it seemed half full compared to Phish shows there.
Also check out the Virginia JGB show Bruce sits in for the entire show. I dont have it in front of me, but its an official release from 90-91.
Eh? LOTS of "this tape does not exist" have shown up over the years. Wolfgangs Vault has made a career of it. The Houseboat tapes are another example.
TC did a piece on a couple who had built a tiny home and were soliciting for a spot to park it. The city gave the impression they were changing the bylaws to make it easier for micro homes and lane-way homes to be built, but I haven't heard anything more. Saanich recently said something similar.
This is my desert island show. Somehow overlooked.
They should of tried it live in 74 when they were capable of really doing justice. A real shame. I pretend those 95 ones never happened.
Well one issue is that masters that are 40+ years old and that have been stored in a box in a closet may only get one play back before being unplayable again. Many reels need to be literally baked in an oven to even reach a playable condition before they literally disintegrate. Dick and his team in typical Dead fashion pioneered these strategies to get one last play ( transfer )out of a reel. Around the time of the first two Dicks Picks Dick gave a few interviews about this process. Great read here: http://deadessays.blogspot.ca/2011/02/dick-latvala.html
I do not see homelessness a problem compared to drug addiction. Until the province wants to pay for rehab for thousands of addicts how is this possibly going to work ? It wont.
His father was a big band leader, so I would think music was certainly an inherited trait.
I am in no way trying to change anyone's mind, but check out a St.Stephen and see what you think. Dude certainly has picked up some chops on the way and is feeling IT. Dead and Company - St. Stephen @ Fenway Park, Boston, MA, USA - July 15th, 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXLdBN_L3bE
Eh, we do not need our Oline to gel we need them to pack their bags and find work elsewhere.
Well in the 50s you could buy a house with a years salary.
Almost every show will have tickets at the box office and tickets in the lot the day of. I will bet my very large vintage Dead shirt collection that anybody who can afford face value will not be shut out*. * must be there early or atleast early enough to line up and be willing to pay face value. edit - a double negative that hurt my head reading.
Eh ? Not a fan of her voice personally, but if this makes heads happy, then its all cool in the gang.
Looks like someone did his Dead homework at Amazon! May fucking 26 ? Anniversary of one of the greatest shows of all time! https://archive.org/details/gd1972-05-26.sbd.waddell.89641.sbeok.flac16 Disc 1 - Set 1 01-Promised Land 02-Sugaree 03-Mr. Charlie 04-Black Throated Wind 05-Loser 06-Next Time You See Me 07-El Paso 08-Dire Wolf 09-The Stranger (Two Souls In Communion) Disc 2 01-Playin' In The Band 02-He's Gone 03-Cumberland Blues 04-Jack Straw 05-Chinatown Shuffle 06-China Cat Sunflower &gt; 07-I Know You Rider 08-Not Fade Away &gt; 09-Goin' Down the Road Feelin' Bad &gt; 10-Not Fade Away Disc 3 - Set 2 01-tuning 02-Truckin' &gt; 03-The Other One &gt; 04-Drums &gt; 05-The Other One &gt; 06-Jam &gt; 07-Morning Dew &gt; 08-The Other One &gt; 09-Sing Me Back Home Disc 4 01-tuning 02-Me &amp; My Uncle 03-Ramble On Rose 04-Sugar Magnolia 05-Casey Jones 06-One More Saturday Night
&gt; I'm sure it's coincidence. I do not think so. Maybe we will see this show mentioned in the actual film. I do not believe in coincidence, in the back of someones mind was that date.
Ha, so would I! They are packed up from my last move, but when I unpack them I plan on trying to turn them into a quilt for the kids. Ill take some before and afters.
Depends really. Are you wanting to enter some darker realms ? Or more something to have a big smile on about, or do you want to dance around the living room ? Two From The Vault has taken me a few places over the years, I recommend the multi track recording it literally puts you 3 feet from the stage on an EPIC night summer 1968. Entire show is dripping in acid but The Eleven and Darkstars can make anyone see rainbows ( not a Dark Darkstar ). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqhLkTqCAWU&amp;index=4&amp;list=PLLz4Hsf93zIHorOt-AaKKKgMsHUtAddO9
On a completely different planet I really enjoyed Terrapin-Drums-Space-Other One -Wharf Rat. The Wharf Rat may completely melt your room, be warned! Pro shot 12/31/87 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldiZ1pNA7us
We can not be friends! Check out Brent during Long Beach 81, dude is a fucking acid monster. Try The Wheel-Never Trust A Woman-Jam its just ridiculous *( so is the entire show ) https://archive.org/details/gd81-08-28.sbd-patched.painoman.9572.sbeok.shnf
Came to say this, good intentions and all, but if you ever did banking or anything personal consider that it can be easily retrieved by someone down the road.
OP I do not judge you at all and wish you only the best. Are you using as well as dealing with depression-mental illness ? Are you getting any professional help ? Love and strength to you.
Good for you, that must of been a difficult first step. I bet you look back on this day as a new beginning.
I do not find DP18 inspiring at all, the band sounds tired and in a opium hangover, so we may not hear the same things ( not a bad thing ). I submit 6/9/77 for your perusal, a show full on X factor and group mind. https://archive.org/details/gd1977-06-09.28614.sbeok.flac16
If only Americans showed this enthusiasm in showing up to vote, then maybe the rest of the world could get on with things.
Eh ? You are dealing with a finite amount of homes with no way of making more land to build them on and an ever increase in the population that wishes to live in this area, Canadians and others. Sure there will be corrections, but expecting some huge price drop is quite unlikely IMO.
Relatively no space, of course there are some lots being subdivided, does not change my point.
Man this really sucks. There were times in the early 90s where the Dead were just not feeling it and neither was I, but you could count on the Allman Brothers Band to fucking just grab you by the scruff of your shirt and give you a shake. It was so loud and raw and jammed out, and they were playing these tiny theatres across N.A. just about as opposite within our "world" you could get. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwOXU-Ayt40
I have been there and won arbitration. Bring EVERYTHING, every scrap of paper, receipt, email and photo. Be prepared and it is an easy process. Goodluck.
Ive told this story before, but supposedly Jerry, Billy and Rock dosed with Pete Townsend before this show after finding a very depressed Pete Townsend alone in a park that afternoon.
This has to be a troll post.
Eh, then you are either very lucky or do not travel much. A man of Bobs age and the "bugs" in foreign lands can make one pray for death.
Quit talking please, you sound like an old gossipy woman. Show some respect for his Bob-ness.
Time machine show for me. Never considered Jed to be a standout, will give me an excuse to play this epic show for the 1087th time. An all time Bobby show for you Weir lovers.
This is not a good move and I would think they will change their mind. Comics are their own unique art form.
Wait! So grabbing them by the pussy is not the great intro move I have been told it is ?
The biggest example to me is the Estimated climax on 12.26.79, Jerry is going full plasma torch on jam and Bob tries to bring it to a halt and Jerry just looks at him over top of his glasses and proceeds to burn the stage to the ground. https://archive.org/details/gd1979-12-26.sonyECM250.walker-scotton.miller.89187.sbeok.flac16
Harper seemed to think otherwise as he sent prisoners to "places" where they would be tortured. Sure, we may not of tortured but we sure helped.
Ahh yes, should of poked around. Anytime you see a Hunter Matrix its worth your time to grab it.
My guess is 6/9/77. Any time line on the Bobby beard ? I think he had one on 9/3/77 as well.
Right, sorry if I sound pissed off but I am. You Americans put us and the world in a very precarious situation. Now everyone the world over is waiting with baited breath for the other shoe to drop. You guys VOTED him in or did not show up to vote as the case may be. You guys better get on fixing your latest mess, the rest of the world is getting tired of you lot.
Hums - Just Gotta poke Around....they are "everywhere" and considering they are limited editions I bet few will frown if you "find them".
They should just freeze her out. Never listen to her again, woops your mic is not working dear; NEXT, never give her the opportunity to say a thing.
The prices were insanity. I once was given a gift card, 27$ for a CD, are you fucking joking ? Good riddance to a horrible business model.
Anyone who has lived and or worked downtown knows we NEED more police, a lot more, to deal with the addicts, mentally unstable and dealers.
"Free world" and America just do not seem to go together ATM, but I do get the irony.
You get what you vote for, or do not show up to vote for. I am so sick of hearing Americans complain and moan, where were you ( proverbial you, not you specifically ) in the year leading up to the election, where were you on election day ? It was not a fucking secret what Trump had planned. Maybe you sorry lot will take elections more seriously in the future ?
Do people still do this ? Honestly curious, I THINK I saw my last gooball on 11/23/96.
Eh, is that true, really? Look at Fort Street or Johnson as an example. Remember 20 years ago ? There was nothing being built, nothing. Janion building beside the Blue Bridge is a perfect example, that sat vacant for 40 fucking years, before the city forced a development-sale. I am neutral on Lisa Helps, but one thing I have noticed is a massive increase in much needed development since she took office.
There are or have been literally thousands of affordable condos built in the downtown core in the last 5 years. Poke around, there are-were-will be something for most budgets ( relative to Victorias home prices ).
Wrong country.
Not just any lawyer, the lawyer who withheld the video tapes.
Appreciated!
Is it 70mm ?
Wow, really cool. I still havent seen the 70mm cut, had not thought to see if its been released to digital.
This is one of the strangest books. Really looking forward to a film.
UK Cheese is strong weed, this should be evidence A.
Good for the police. Things like casually texting in traffic causes a ripple effect fucking traffic to high heaven, people need to learn to stay off their phones. I wish we would tripple the texting fine, possibly when the fine is equal to the cost of a phone people will smarten up.
Do not confuse this debate with thoughtful and intelligent points. You are ruining the torch burning and pitchfork sharpening.
Just set up a HOV lane. If you want to ride alone, great, then you are in lane A with all the other singles stuck in traffic. If you have two or more people then you are in the speedy lane B. If you belong in lane A and decide to ride in B you get a nice $350 ticket that goes directly towards some kind of transit fund.
After reading about what is going on in the new halfway house in the 800 block of Johnson nothing would surprise me with some of these people. These are not the sad homeless people of 20 years ago.
That would be amazing! Do people really need to drive down government or wharf streets ? No. If we turned those areas into pedestrian areas with lots more trees and benches, patios and outdoor market spots the tourists would eat it up and most locals would love it, of course those that never go downtown in the first place would bitch complain and moan before burning out in their over sized truck but thats nothing new. Check out Portland for a relatively close example.
We pass this place i think coming back from east sooke park, this post has made me factor in stopping there for a late lunch! What should we order ?
You have a stunning smile, it will do you well in the long long future you have ahead of you.
Oh I am not saying they did, I am just saying it would not surprise me at all if it was true. Until recently I lived and worked downtown, close to you, and there is a very dark element downtown that is very different than say 10-20 years ago.
Also lets go back to no signs sitting on the sidewalk.
Drive downtown, park in the parkade on johnson, yates, fort etc. then go for lunch ? What am i missing that is keeping you from enjoying your afternoon?
Explain it then, i do not see the issue either we have massive parkades, use them ?
You are missing that the future is not sustainable if everyone drives downtown.
I am all for it. Let us show some respect for the first nations who we stole this lovely land from. Why not try our best moving forward to show that we are sorry and more than a little ashamed if passed wrongs? Our first nations are suffering and that costs our country billions, it will take generations to fix this mess, every LITTLE action helps.
Good. I do not want to be linked to Brittish anything, nor Columbus. Let the first nations rename the province if they wish, considering they were here long before us it would seem to be their right.
They should rename the team! Victoria Ospreys!
I do not think we do, nobody is suggesting ignoring our history, in fact the opposite, we should learn from it. That includes respecting those who our history displaced, that displacement ruined generations and generations. I want our kids to know that history and maybe they can be the generation to break through and begin the healing. Small steps.
Not joking, you would have to pay me to eat this swill.
You need to travel more. There are countless cities doing this the world over. What we have is not sustainable, surely you can admit that.
His face is like that from being tortured in a POW camp. I am not a fan of his, nor am I American, but lets grant him a modicum of respect.
Oh I am not saying he should not retire, that is unquestionable.
Or rich people expect to be able to buy what they want and when they want it, and buying the government you wish is no different. I wish I was being sarcastic as it makes me ill thinking about the ramifications.
There is a puppet making and puppet parade for peace every year in Victoria. Maybe someone has a link for it, some of them were large.
I would say now. The university, college and some ESL are done for the year, it gets worse now until september when the near zero vacancy becomes actual zero. See the TC article about university kids living in cars.
I am thinking he dosed. Dosed people get naked a lot.
Ha! I bet you find some songs she can 'tolerate', one thing about the Dead is they were so varied. Try some choice cuts from American Beauty and Workingman's Dead.
There will be 70 full time jobs created with cite c. Post construction that leaves northern bc with basically nothing, so lets not use jobs as the excuse anymore. The north were lied to by the Premiere.
Lets be honest we have a few bike theft rings going on and bikes are not a priority with everything the police have to deal with in this city. In the last year or two there have been two ( more ? ) rings broken up I've read in the TC but I do not read every day. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/bike-chop-shop-bust-1.3876421
The festival downtown today at Centenial Square says otherwise. This city has tons of culture for its size and lack of performance space.
Kids had so much fun here, great design!
That is a bylaw and for good reason.
Its a trap!
A dog may be your equal, that is certainly your call, not a chance is any dog equal to my human family.
Did you show up for the last one? The voting booths were pretty empty as i recall. All these whiners put on a good show complaining 24-7 but then never show up to vote.
This can not be a shock to anyone. This is what happens in every factory farm period. In France they now have CC cameras on 24-7 on factory farms after a bunch of incidents like this. We have to decide that we care about this to make a change, and I get the impression that most people do not.
I can not feel any sympathy for Sears, have any of you tried to use their website !? It seems like it was built in 1996 and has not been updated since.
"IF" they lose power? Does she need her head checked ?
They got some good fluff and are headed to the next show, been there done that.
I doubt they tour this winter, no to fall. I think Mexico is booked for January though, maybe not everyone though.
As apposed to what? The only choices are jail, next show, hospital in a coma, serial killer-alien abduction-eatenbybigfoot. The only likely conclusion is they are on to the next show. Edit - above mentioned a off the road and not visible accident type scenario. A parent could get the police to check if they have used their CC or ATMs.
Its as if kickbacks and bribes do not exist /s.
183 million and it will be considered structurally unsafe 3 years after opening in 2021.
As fake as her acceptance speeches and tears ?
Its the little things.
Litter and dog shit. For such an incredbly beautiful place it is disgusting how dirty bits and parts are. Is it honestly that difficult as a dog owner to pick up your dog shit and put it in a grabage can instead of leaving it, or worse picking it up and tossing the blue bag of shit inthe trees? Same for all the cigarette smokers and their packs, wrappers and butts.
Same, drove me to a feeling of near constant anger, had to move. If you can not call the police on the guy selling meth in front of your home then we are on a bad path.
What about bike lanes bother you?
I get where your coming from. I personally think the city is looking forward and trying what it can to fix an issue before it becomes unfixable. Traffic is only going to get worse pretty much daily until it just stops moving. Getting cars off the road is the only thing that we can do until driverless cars take some of the pressure off. People need to carpool, and the city should start some carpool lanes.
I am all for rail, BUT I am not convinced langford-collwood-sooke people will ever leave their over sized trucks at home. They love sitting alone in their giant trucks in traffic, this is just a fact.
It was a bit over packed imo. Not as bad as year one, but still overly packed ( for a parent with young kids ). They should wrap it around the block or something imo to give folks some breathing room, and more stuff to do - less to buy.
One thing to note is complainers never vote, so ignore their opinion.
Almost everything you listed is really provincial and or federal issues. Victoria already dishes out boatloads of cash for homelessness and drug addiction, these should not be issues a city should shoulder.
I think he looks great! If he wants to cover up his head after all his skull has been through, no biggie.
With what money are we to combat drug addiction and homelessness. This city per capita is already way over spending on both. I am not saying it is not everyones problem, but it is not Victorias responsibility to help drug addicts from Montreal to get clean and to give them housing.
Good. Where is the weed coming from though. They really need to get this "rolling" now to give the appointed growers time to set up, grow, cure, package, test, lable etc etc in time for next summer. Some Sativas take 16 weeks or longer to reach maturity.
Seeya!
So you shoot out someones windshield, beside a crosswalk where she spcould of killed someone and or herself and you do not serve a day in jail. Sounds about right for Victoria.
Your lack of reading comprehension puts you at a near retardation level. Read the article and adjust your helmet.
So because its just a window its not dangerous, holy, this is post of the day material.
Shatter is pretty flat and stealthy.
Why? Because the longer she is in power the more $$$$$$ she makes for herself and her friends, that is the only reason, one more grab at the bag of cash.
It is not as simple as you make it. A 5cm candy could have 100mg or it could have 10mg. Also just because you have smoked before does not have any bearing on how an eadible will effect you and how different those effects are. People are not dumb for not knowing, they are just experienced.
Legal weed and a recipe and you are all set. It will be easier this way in the short term.
Thats just not realistic. Can you imagine if wine or beer had the kind of fluctuations in strength and effect that eadibles do ? No I am not comparing pot and booze.
Its unrealistic to expect that the average novice will research before they make a dosing mistake, if this is overly complicated for you maybe you should check your own dosing because you are coming off as dumb.
Am i the only one looking forward to starting fresh? I do not care about this "old stuff" at all.
You have never bought a 10mg eadible that did nothing ( relatively speaking ) then bought a different brand another day and were rocked !? It is not as simple as all that.
I suffer from anxiety, panic, etc etc. I personally find clear euphoric strong Sativas to be the best thing, day or evening. A hybrid sativa for later evenings. Try Casey Jones, Train wreck, Super Silver Haze, Hawaiian or Purple Green Crack to get that clear headed perma smile and a case of the giggles.
Who is the most dickish?
Listen to Black Peter, its about his "trip".
Heart of Darkness in space? Holy shit, that sounds perfect! Why do we get these type of movies so infrequently ? Everyone gets excited when a new ORIGINAL scifi film is announced, particularly the ones in space.
I work with Muslims every single day many are refugees of some form. They for the most part are the friendliest, kindest, most positive people I have ever met and restore my faith in humanity daily. The racist shit I read reflects on the sad state of the racist not on Canadian Muslims.
I would stop at Pacific Rim and Chestermans on the way to the hotel. Bonsai forrest in the morning then another beach on the way out.
Practical effects that look 10000x better than the green screen crap.
So basically the warship is on the same course as america, and the rest of the world is shouting the warning calls but america being america they just ignore everyone and everything else.
Foot dragging? Seems to me the Liberals are moving this along at a good clip considering all the laws and infrastructure that requires changed to impliment it.
Or they do not want to hand the money to organized crime and cartels. Consider how the illegal dispensaries are being supplied and who actually owns them and where this money is going.
Cartels are not smuggling weed into canada why would they? They will just grow it here. You can not possibly think Jim the local pothead growing 6 plants in his garage is supplying the dispensaries who are selling kilos daily-weekly.
Trixie do you have anything of Jerry's that is particularly important to you? What was your first show, I think I saw you at 12/31/87 ( nice Wharf Rat ).
Sure, if they were supplying one dispensary. Have you been to Victoria and Vancouver? Look I am not knocking the current setup in BC, its near perfect, all I am saying is there is a LOT of money being made and I understand the Federal government worrying about where that money is goung.
My illegal dispensary takes and pays taxes.
Some very good weed.
Melttown has the goods!
Must be a new dispensary that needs taken down...
*exception being Quebec City. I would personally divert some taxes their way to get them their team back.
I went through this with Eatons. It was so fucked up. Not only did the Eaton family not pay us but they kept collecting health insurance from us and kept the money, none of which was returned to us. We did get a tiny portion of our severance, something along .5 cents on the dollar.
The food truck at Finest At Sea. Honestly the freshest thing ever.
I stayed here for a month once waiting for our house, disgusting is an understatement. Apartments smell like a thousand wet dogs and a billion cigarette butts.
Yes I have. I almost deleted my post thinking about some parent now freaking out but having no other choices available, but I still would want to know.
Can I ask why there would be such a statue in the first place particularly at the state capitol which should recognize the separation of church and state? Regardless it seems the man should be commended.
Clark wants an election and quick. Her party is the only one with any money to run an election.
Dafoes voice is taking me completely out of it. They should of used an unknown voice, why pay a well known actor ?
That corner is the grossest of the gross. Hopefully Lablaws is going to take over the block and kick out Mcdonalds to and clean up that area. No way would Apple even consider that area.
Please close the Mcdonalds as well. That may be the dirtiest most filthy establishment n this city. If you must keep the mcdonalds maybe they could put it inside the lablaws to atleast contain the stench.
You really should seek some professional help you honestly sound mentally ill. A normal person does not think this way.
People spend years grinding away on dank memes to get 1/5th the notoriety of that dumb slogan. Please tell me that is not true, or some kind of sarcasm.
I get free samples at the dispensary all the time.
Maybe? I have no idea what will happen here in BC its not like Ontario, places around here are left alone as long as they follow some very simple rules.
Yup, but ask your adult friends how many do. Not very many.
Why has this taken so long? While they are at it put up some more red light runner cams downtown.
What normal people do not understand is how can smart people also be so bigoted closed minded and simply dumb.
Symantics. So because speed alone is not the only issue we should not reduce people speeding? Its the people who use that stretch daily who are doing most of the speeding from my experience and the illegal turns.
Cameras will slow people down over time, once the locals get a few tickets each they will slow down and spread word to their neighbours.
What is your hurry exactly? That extra 5 minutes is nothing in the scheme of things and that is all you save by speeding up 20kmh for that entire " mountain pass ".
Great idea and it is really well used! Maybe tweet Steve, maybe he could have it redone himsel.
Ehh, Phish deserve to be listened to in lossless. I do not understand the desire to have 1000 shitty sounding mp3s of a band that puts so much effort into sounding good.
So if the band said " it sounds fine, lets just use this PA that is about a tenth the sound quality as the one we currently use " thatd be cool? I just do not get it. As fans we expect, no demand the highest possible sound quality live, if not we bitch and moan. Yet to listen back on a show its some shitty mp3 ? What the fuck ? Treat yourself fans, you deserve it. If young people were less worried on how many songs they could fit on their phone and more concern was given to fidelity we would all be in a better place acoustically.
No, their doughnuts are not "pretty good". They are not even baked in store. Calling tim hortons a good doughnut is akin to saying mcdonalds makes good steaks.
Can anyone picture Harper doing this? Harper would of had them turn the hoses on them for trying to ruin his Canada day.
Hey if they sound great to you, that is all that matters I suppose. I do feel kind of bad for you though, as you are obviously missing out on actual fidelity, sort of like that one fiend we all have who thinks he knows about Phish and how he knows he wont have fun so he does not want to come see them live with you - his loss right?
Its so busy on the weekend can you actualy speed? When I worked out that way it was the commuters, particularly weekdays between 3-6 pm who did the craziest shit passing, uturns, speeding, texting, talking on phones etc. honestly dud not feel safe at all.
