With all the salads now, instead of just stacking ingredients on top of each other, they will be arranged on the perimeter of the salad like a [painter's palette (term used in official materials)](http://static5.depositphotos.com/1027218/433/v/950/depositphotos_4330040-Painters-palette.jpg). The chicken will be diced into 12-16 pieces instead of 4 strips. Bacon bits for the ranch salad are discontinued, although stores will have stock to last quite a while (assuming /u/TehWildMan_ doesn't accidentially drop a cambro full of them). Instead, 3 halfs of bacon will be used, torn into bite-sized chunks on table. This solves a problem where bacon bits were often held at room temperature for days before being used on salads. Table assembly is simple. I am not sure on the exact portion sizes, but our store is using two rail-spoons of the asain veggie blend, and roughly 8 orange slices, along with the diced chicken. EDIT: Forgot that an orange glaze will be applied on the chicken. The stock dressing is a mcdonalds-exclusive packaging based off Newman's Own Sesame Ginger, and sliced toasted almonds are included with the salad.
HDMI over gelatinous fruit.
It could be that the register does not have a valid price for a 20nugg2meal large size. At our store, that was (no longer offered) a promotional deal, and the price for the large version was 99.99$. The 20piece meal for one follows the same pricing rules with other value menu items.
Oh hey there fellow 60s.
Save it for when you will need it. You will know when the time comes. These flipcards are extremely rare, but very powerful.
For happy meals, its a small coke "only ice", which we all understand as a cup of water. Otherwise, just break the meal into components and punch in a water.
Tradition, although the registers did allow waters as HM drinks for a year and a half.
Almost as if a grey had intentionally donated a white account with the intention of single handedly ending the button.
Saw it in florida, not sure if it is just a mocha frappe with oreo crumbles, or something new entirely, but excited to see it at our store soon along with frozen lemonades.
I clocked out as soon as I had finished everything I was responsible for. Grabbed a tea and went to the crew room. On the way there, I noticed the bun rack was half-empty. *Crap, I forgot to pull buns*
At least you got overtime. Since I only work 4 shifts/week, that 13 there will probably won't yeild. And even if it did, I am pretty sure someone will "accidentally" screw the time punches, preventing overtime from kicking in (from experience, missed hours payments are ridiculously difficult to get at overtime rates).
Better solution: glyph hacking could have the possibility of returning multiple/duplicate keys.
Our store does a 2/3day orientation program, but the latter days are spent with a few hours on the floor.
Sounds like every organic chemistry test ever. Forgot to study after working a long shift the day before, felt like I didn't know anything, still made an 83. My worst test of them all, but still not bad.
Our kitchen and walk-in has a diamond-knurled-like pattern which helps, but only to a point.
Sexy cashless terminal (although it lacks a pedestal), does it handle NFC and/or chipcard payments? interesting idea of putting the changer on the top shelf. I usually set up with the changer against the wall, the Cashier Pos parallel to the back wall, OT Pos facing me and angled, and the printer wedged betwen the changer and Cashier. I call it the "commander" setup, but battle-station works as well.
As a regular crew member, I don't get enough time on that computer to investigate it, much less extract it.
For anyone curious: Usually, only one of the two POS terminals has a cash drawer. That one can be configured as a dedicated casher (can insert orders, but they have to be cashed immediately), hybrid cashier/OT (can take orders normally and store them), or dedicated OrderTaker. The configuration is done at the time of cashier login. OP's is set up as a dedicated casher (lack of a "reset selected cod" button) Also, about the menu layout, it appears to be standard with no Southern Chicken sandwich, and powerade/lemonade fountain drinks. The colored buttons are probably the sirloin burgers.
Its possible if you wish for the crew member to be pouring 335 degree oil on his hands.
Its also similar to McDonalds makes tea. 4lbs sugar, 4 gallons water, 4oz tea bag.
Ever since their own alternative (CurrentC) proved itself to be vaporware.
Oh holy mother of pelikan nibs. But fortunately, [The Goulets posted a video for this exact situation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpnt18qqrPM) Skip to 1:20
The best part of ACBB is that it can be diluted to hell and back and still be a rich black with a green tone.
Some franchise got upset at the burger king next door.
Placing meat is the hazard under my managers procedure, which for grill crew who place patties two at a time, requires the two patties being placed simultaneously to be vertical. Like this. 4 2 4 2 3 1 3 1. That pattern essentially requires one arm to be above the other when placing patties. As a taller person, there is a lack of vertical space to avoid the uppers when placing the back pairs. I have always used the following pattern, despite for being written up numerous times and suspended twice. 4 4 3 3 2 2 1 1
Three platten grills have the same lower grill area size. The plattens are thinner ,but extend farther out by a few inches, and each platten can comfortably fit a 2x4 grid of 10:1. The back of the plattens are at a lower elevation on the 3s when open, and there is little room for error in placement.
&gt; destroyed a good four to five sections of our home entertainment section In other words, the entire store?
A U.S Quarter. 4-year old me didn't understand money that well.
Personally, a double bacon clubhouse [burger] with 6 extra orders of bacon (21 half strips total).
Or "only ketchup" which imho is just as bad as plain.
Our store has numerous regulars ordering multiple small coffees with 10cream+10sugar.
Fucking campers.
It gets worse at our store: We only have 1 dt register with cashier functionality, located in back booth (The presenter registers can be logged into cashier mode, but can not do anything but recall/edit orders). FC has two functional registers. If lobby is open, if multiple cars are in drive, then the cashier has to run back every time to pay out orders. We recently had a brand standards visit. As expected, we were marked off for not having a cash-enabled presenter-booth register and a broken FC register.
But every organic chemist can fap to [this](http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/introduction-to-chemistry-general-organic-and-biological/section_16/2ec91bbf743862995e7463c78beb8835.jpg) NSFW?
For a kid.
The size of the filet-o-fish has been changed a few times since it's introduction.
The ultimate orgy of organic bonding.
The General manager and Department managers, yes. Our third-shift manager at the McD's I work at is threatening of quitting if she doesn't get a raise above $9.25 by july. She currently makes only a little above $9/hr, and has been with the company for two decades.
And even better, it shows up to work within +/- 15 minutes of its scheduled shift on a regular basis.
The current cook time on frozen fries at McD's is 3:10 at 335F. Hash browns are 3:00 at 360F.
Filet-o-fish, when not on sale, is a challenge for our crew. Second shift has a nasty habit of cooking the patties in batches of 8-16 per tray, two trays in the cabinet, when only 1-2 are going out per hour. I personally instruct crew to follow the goddamn prep/VCMS charts (which give you an approx run size to avoid waste) or cook them to order during slower times. Completed filets also happens to be one of the most commonly wasted items on second shift. Go figure. These days, they are cooked at 350F for 3:25 if you are curious.
Watch_Dogs was actually playable.
Good luck with the foam cups. Sometimes our store runs out and customers get upset enough to demand refunded orders on the spot.
The twsbi vac700 comes close to the size of the 159. I used to own one and at the time, it was my favorite pen.
There are a lot of issues with the registers, although some (such as slowness or the 1-reduction and 0-promo rules) are a local issue. Our biggest complaint is the layout. The main lunch screen has a lot of wasted screen real estate, and is cluttered with discontinued promos. There are two pages for each the deserts and LSM items. All the items could fit onto one page per category, and could be labeled a lot better. Also, both categories are littered with discontinued items. Our registers have 4 pages for breakfast items, plus the lsm items on the LSM2 page. Most of these screens are full, but many items are broken (either inventory-wise or will prevent totaling) or discontinued. Drinks are also a mess. Even the sodas and teas are spread among many different pages. I could go on and on. NewPOS also lacks the ability to create seperate tickets on the same order, and taking large group's orders gets messy really quickly.
Our store stocked those bags years ago. Had a special designation like E-bag if memory serves. Perfect for breakfast platters and oversized lunch orders. I miss them.
How could you resist a surprise belly rub?
Out of curiosity, have you had any luck trying to use nfc tap/pay on your galaxy s3 with CM installed? I really want to change over to CM on my Sprint S3, but I have heard that HCE is not supported. I rely on google wallet too much to give it up.
I begin to wonder, has the Act actually changed anything at the retail/fastfood job level? Other than the available optional health benifits changing marginally, nothing has changed for me (full time worker).
It is [essentially] a continuous conveyor belt. At each end, it goes from vertical travel, around a curve, and back down in the opposite direction. To someone unfamiliar to how these work, suddenly going sideways might be enough to trigger a panic response.
Looks like it. Why some on would be carrying one with them to work is beyond me.
Even better: we flung piss and shit into earth orbit.
Very nice pens. The coloring on the pen body does have a tendency to chip/wear off (mainly at the ends). Also, consider avoiding lamy's EF nibs. I have a few Ms and Fs, and I have love[d] every single one, but I have yet to find a EF that works consistently well.
Most US debit cards are co-branded with one of the major credit networks (Visa and MC primarily). These cards can be run over their networks instead the debit card networks. In this case, the usual rules apply for verification/signatures, but for small transactions, the time spent verifying IDs or collecting signature isn't worth the time. The magnetic stripe does contain a small string of data which indicates to card readers if Pin/Debit should be used or is required. Some credit card reader setups (such as those at mcdonalds) will look at that string, and decide to run as credit automatically or ask the cardholder. Other readers will just ask every time, or automatically use pin/debit for large transactions if available.
What is this "butt to butt" extension you speak of?
Actually, the mobile pedestal is the official standard. Edit [link](http://imgur.com/sZEy5yc,SPSD10x)
Ill give you a hint. Cocks. Cocks fucking everywhere.
Refillable? As long as you have a bottle of ink and a pipette, you can just shoot up the cartridge or eyedropper them.
Tech required essays for spring 2016 transfer applicants. Prior to that they were optional.
When orders are taken by hand, the standard register-printed receipt will not be generated.
Duplicate comment. Please ignore.
This is the only correct answer.
Parking along centennial park drive is free, but very limited. I can't remember many others. Maybe home park? Another option is to park at a Marta station with parking spaces, and riding the train down to midtown or north ave. The cost of parking (free first day, $5-8 per day after) and a round trip pass ($5 plus $1 for a breeze ticket) may be cheaper than on-campus visitor parking. [More information](http://martaguide.com/parking/)
US corporate policy is to always ask by franchise name and to never imply gender. However, asking by toy franchise name rarely generates a response greater than "what" or "its a boy.". Especially when the customer leaves their disel engine on. As enforcement is generally very lax, most order takers, in the interest of speed, will ask by gender.
January is typically a lul for the big toy franchises, so distributing old leftover toys or using a less popular franchise is common.
Yes, although there is next to zero enforcement of this policy.
If anything, this was the most surprising part of the study.
THWG!
Support contracts. For an overburdened IT department, its a lot easier to let Dell take care of it when shit hits the fan on a new rig.
Streetcar time?
Murder city Murder.
And you can marry yourself, be your own children, and reap the tax benefits.
Suntrust sent me a card dated for 6 months. The old card had expired, and they intended [and did] send an EMV-compatible card a few months later.
When I started dual-enrolling my junior year of high school, I realized that nobody really cares if someone walks out between classes and drives off. If someone is near the door, just smile and wave.
Its rule #1 of food pans in resturants. When it comes to 9x4" pans (along with a few other sizes) you will always need N+X, where N is the quanity on hand, and X is some positive integer. Rule #2 is that any pan that is needed for something will always be incorrectly used for something else. This is ignoring the fact that the polypropylene pans in this size are dirt cheap.
And everyone forgets about Carlisle.
All of our pans were Carlisle (except vollrath for steel), but then cambro rolled out their polypropylene line, and we switched all of our non-heat pan purchases to them. Ironically, we have broken more polypropylene pans than polycarbonate.
Shredding hard drives? [There is literally a command for that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shred_(Unix))
First shift generally has enough staffing to deliberately focus on keeping times low. At the end of 1st shift (generally 2pm), many employees leave with few to replace them. This rapid churn of employees disrupts production and service (drawer changes). Changeover (between 10:15-10:45, or 10:45-11:15 depending on changeover time) can slow to a halt if a heavy breakfast demand occurs, or if cashiers start selling lunch before breakfast is cleared out. In addition, changeover is often a break/shift-end time, which pulls employees off the floor when they are needed most.
Our store did 2 for $5 on [big mac or QPC and mcrib when available]+10pc+filet for the entire second half of 2015. A normal Thursday truck had 36 trays of big mac buns, and at least one case of mac sauce.
On a related note: Never trust co-workers or managers either. A few months ago, I was injured at work and did not return for over a week. Due to the nature of the injury, I could not gather my personal items. At the time, a Pilot VP, my phone, wallet, keys, and a flashlight were left behind in the employee storage racks. That afternoon, I called up and asked a manager to secure my possessions, fearing that they would be stolen or discarded. When I returned, I only found the keys. For the next few weeks, I checked local pawn shops and craigslist hoping that something would show up. My cell phone did eventually pop up at a local pawn shop. The other items were gone for good.
As long as the required courses are completed by the document deadline for the Fall semester (generally June 1), there will be no issue. However, you will be required to submit two transcripts: One with your application showing the courses in progress, and then another with the final course grades. If you are taking summer classes, a third transcript will be required after those are finished, but is not part of the application process. Also, you will not be eligible for the April 15 or May 1 decision dates.
OP's post indicates he/she is taking the two required courses (calc2 and phys1) along with two other courses (Orgo and PE). Summer courses (unless they end before June 1) can not be used for the Fall application process, but can be used as transfer credit once admitted. DiffEq is often required for RETP admission, but OP appears to be applying as regular transfer.
A line of defense to prevent bacteria buildup.
I recently switched from VM to Project Fi, along with upgrading phones from a Galaxy S3 to a Nexus 6. Its amazing. Sprint's network (which VM runs off of) is pretty spotty (or complete shit) in downtown and midtown. With Sprint and T-mobile combined, I experience far fewer drops in service. Plus T-mobile has coverage in MARTA stations, which is a huge deal. Considering I use ~1.5gb/month, I pay just about the same (when the phone cost is not factored in).
In passport, go to email preferences. Which option is selected under "email destination". If " an external email address " is selected, mail.gatech.edu may not work.
A plate of bacon wrapped pork chops, served with a glass of wine.
Even if they only included the calculus sequence and physics, it would still make a huge difference for those near the fence.
***PPEEEENNNIIIIISS*** Back to the thread, wtf?
The renovation/expansion of the student center is a necessity that can not be delayed much longer. Every single service that is offered there is overwhelmed and struggling to provide for our current student body. I do not think it's unfair to increase student fees to cover the project after it is already completed. And numerous other colleges have followed a similar process as GT regarding their student commons projects.
For back booth, if we needed a manager urgently, we would insert a skip car marker onto the screen and then pay it out immediately. Because our store has a zero void-order policy, and the fact a skipcar marker looks like a voided order, the marker causes managers to freak out and rush back there. Even in non-emergency situations, that method of obtaining a manager was a hell of a lot quicker and easier than shouting soo loud that lobby customers complain (which I was written up for once).
I remember a similar location (possibly the same) being roped off for some reason a while back.
IIRC for the 84 series, the mathprint OS update included an exam mode which disabled the use of programs and apps. To exit that exam mode, all you had to do was transfer a file to the calculator in exam mode. Which if someone had a cable and a second ti83/84, was trivial.
That's what we generally do for driveoffs, just take off what you can and promo it. However, voids on entire orders are to be avoided at all cost, even if it means cashing out and doing a refund (in the case of a partial payment).
I recognized that math teacher would potentially be a very reliable future reference, and she knew I was very strong with the calculators from a young age. That, and a thirst for some blood, led to that plan being born.
Or in other cases, a mechanical failure causes the platten to release early as a fail-safe, or an uneven load is placed on the grill (two patties stacked), or an inadequate time/temperature/gap setting is used. There are many potential causes of an undercooked beef portion.
No US mcdonalds, franchised or not, has the authority to make significant changes to core menu items.
I took it as an chem elective. Seriously considering bailing out of there if the other options look better. Might as well wait until the drop day.
MoSE and skilles buildings are a fairly long walk (practically impossible) for the 10 minutes given between classes. I could barely manage to get between the basement lecture hall to a Klaus classroom in that time. Same applies for howey and the couch building (which is in west campus right?). Space that schedule out. (Or just drop that econ)
Looks like OP is just pointing out that his local rail transit line has cars designed for cyclists, which is pretty damn awesome compared to standing with your bike in a luggage/wheelchair bay (cough cough atlanta).
In that case, it doesn't matter where they placed. Its too late no matter what.
The Pilot Caviler is similar in length to a VP, but almost as narrow as a pencil IMHO.
If you are using only 40 trips/month, it makes sense to buy fares in blocks of 20 (40 fares for $85) than to buy a monthly pass.
Glad you found out about Artlite. Been there a few times myself and realized how much carrying ink bottles sucks when riding a bike home. Also, congrats on the VP.
Buffalo is one of the slowest selling sauces (for us it's second behind habanero ranch), so it wouldn't surprise me if a manager simply decided to stop ordering it.
Live in downtown (for college reasons), so a car is more of a liability than an asset. Wish inter-city bus service was less of a hassle.
Qi is horribly inefficient, and as such, you would probably end up draining both phones before getting a meaninful charge transferred.
Thanks for your perspective. As a US store crew, the differences between regions/countries can be interesting. Having access to RTH folded eggs and liquid eggs is something I can't imagine working without on understaffed weekend breakfasts.
It's nowhere near as vibrant as some Noodler's inks, but it remains a less atrocious ink than Lamy Blue IMHO.
Even when working on some project bikes, I always stuck to a cheap u-lock and a cable through the front wheel.
Our store gives free uniforms, but will threaten to hold your last paycheck if you quit (within the first few weeks) without returning them. This isn't really legal, so it's difficult to enforce. Youth labor laws in some states may restrict what you can do if you are under certain ages. But generally the rule is no maintenance/high risk tasks if under 18. I started on grill as a shy person, but soon picked up service positions occasionally.
If I may ask, where (spefically in the CRC) were the credit cards/cash taken from? The locker rooms on the ground floor, or elsewhere? Security at the turnstile entrance to the lower/upper floors has always felt like it is very weakly enforced (in terms of buzzcard enforcement), and I am wondering if that checkpoint was bypassed.
Of most significance: Twsbi Vac700 Blue (disappeared one day from my school bag) Lamy Safari (disappeared one day from my school bag) Pilot Metropolitans (one disappeared one day from my school bag, also have had some stolen/lost at work). Pilot VP (stolen/discarded at work) Various Platinum Preppies due to a wide variety of reasons, and a few that no longer have working caps.
Websites have become easier to use over the past decade (IMHO), and sites such as pcpartpicker now exist to simplify the process of buying. Around the late 2000s, we saw a huge trend of moving components formerly on PCI expansion boards onto the motherboard, reducing the number of components. And renember in the p4 days, we had some OEMs try out crazy form factors, making upgrades more of a hassle. We have it ridiculously easy compared to the 1990s. Also, driver setup has improved tremendously since windows Vista/XP.
Ditto. Just got home from a 16-hour shift at work, and WTF just happened. Might as well jump ship as well.
And if all of your friends are in different majors, you will likely never see them again.
Lets say we are at McDonald's. To keep things simple, lets make some assumptions and use round numbers. Beef is $3/lb (price has been a roller coaster in recent years), and a double cheeseburger uses 2/10lb of beef. That's 60 cents in beef right there. Two slices of cheese is close to 10 cents. A bun is 5 cents. In the quantities used, lets assume that onions, pickles, ketchup, mustard, and the paper wrappers cost 5 cents total. Right there, we come up with a food/paper cost of 80 cents. If it sold for a $1.50, and we used a assumed labor cost of 30%, the cost of raw goods plus labor is $1.25, which still leaves some margin for other expenses. But in reality, the profit comes in when someone pays for a side/dessert/drink, which all carry much greater margins. Edit: That beef price is probably insane. When writing this post, I recalled beef prices peaking at ~$3 a while back, and that has been stuck in my head since.
If the incorrect printer is being used, there are two easy fixes. First is to turn off the incorrect printer, print off a receipt on your POS (the one that needs a printer change), which will pop up a selection. Or go under manager -&gt; support -&gt; select default printer.
For the purposes of your GT GPA or transcript, no, it just shows as transfer credit if you meet the minimum. But do keep in mind that many of the financial aid programs that look at GPA will look at your grades in all coursework, even if taken outside GT.
Short flight from Chattanooga to ATL via delta? Costs way more than a flight from Chattanooga to Orlando (or anywhere else almost) via Delta in atlanta. Logic
MARTA is a waste of sales tax.
Probably not, as transfer admissions have been seemingly more and more competitive every year. Barely got in as it is.
Spare parts? Ultegra/DA Di2 drivetrain? You own a bike shop or something?
Check the parts before even touching a Wal-Mart bike. Don't think Giant would be one to this, but if they sold their name for a bike that uses generic drivetrain components, it isn't worth looking at. Would be pleasantly surprised to see standard Tourney components. Crap assembly can be fixed with a few hours of labor if you know what to look for.
Because they can. You either pay what they want, or find somewhere else to buy them
RIP.
Interesting to note a new CCT route (10X). Potentially an easier way from downtown (surprisingly not from ArtsCenter?) to town center (please don't make it peak periods/direction only) ?
Hope counts W's as attempted/paid hours for the purposes of the 127-hour cap, but W's are not included in your hope gpa. You do have to maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress though, so you can't get away with dropping everything on a related basis. Also, isn't a WF assigned to someone who tries to drop after the deadline, or does tech issue a straight up F in that case.
Solution: add more u-locks.
Long answer: Check the equiment manuals and Kay card. Short answer. Dispose of old oil, and remove any remaining debris. On the control panel, enter "level 1" mode (press+hold the buttons between up/down and enter 1234 when prompted.) Enter "deep clean mode". Add Kay Degreaser and cold water to the empty vat. And yes, you can clean baskets/trays. Avoid running the degreaser/sludge solution into the drain pan, manually remove what you can and rinse with water. Or as our maintance guy tried: empty vat, add degreaser+water, and turn on fryers on full blast. Never mind don't do this. The fryers will sit in melt mode forever, and then suddenly ramp up expecting to be filled with oil. Warning: Don't even think about performing a boil-out without authorization from management.
NEW Digital Beets Headphones, with True Binary® Technology. You won't believe it.
Especially Cobb county. Make Atlanta Traffic great again.
Our store has many employees who are inexperienced and/or bad at kitchen or service, and only work where they are best at. We do allow and encourage cross-training, but do not strictly mandate it. If you are proficient in one area, it is in the best interest of shift managers to keep you there. However, things break down when severely short staffed in one area but not the other.
Check your disk usage. I often find that when downloading files onto a hard drive, my download speed is limited to how fast the data can be written to disk, otherwise the client would start using insane amounts of RAM.
Problem with manager-promos is that it slows times down dramatically (at our store, any manager code requirement at back cash creates a typical 2-10 minute delay, which is straight up unacceptable) and/or increases the risk of order inaccuracy. And the most recent versions of newPOS use a store-wide promo/discount setting, so if FC has manager-promos, then DT has the same. Used to be a per-register setting, and the back-cash order-taking register would have promos set to crew, and all others would be locked down. In addition, with the proliferation of the mobile app and VOICE receipts, using the promo key while taking an order, and not at back cash often makes the situation worse.
Our problem is that when an issue at back cash occurs that requires a manager intervention, they will wait until the issue at back booth brings the operation of DT to a complete standstill before resolving the issue (in other words, all previous cars have been served, all orders are assembled, and the line is backed up past the order-taking stations). This also frequently results in cold food for the next few cars, which further aggravates the slowdown. VOICE offers usually either take the place of a BOGO, a $1 discount on a specific item, or a free pie. In all three cases, we have pre-programmed item buttons for those, and are strongly pressured to use those instead of the promo/discount buttons. The typical problem with mobile app offers is when the Order Taker uses the promo key for what is supposed to be a discount, or promos the wrong item, which will have to either be fixed, or let go incorrect. Oh, and dont forget the app-offer-overrides (A large portion of guests will use offers incorrectly, and we will usually give the discount anyway to preserve guest satisfaction).
For the non-value menu lunch sandwiches, it is cheaper to make the fries medium (YMMV), then bundle them as a meal, than it is to order a small fry+small drink with a sandwich, and I suggest that to guests. For breakfast meals, I usually bundle meals together at the completion of a guests order, explaining what I did to give a lower total.
Welcome to traffic hell.
Our store has a 50% discount, but under the requirement that all discounted items be a part of a value meal.
Let's help make 11-23 corncobs great again.
Nothing's happening with the GWCC anytime soon. The Dome site will just be repurposed now that it's life as a event venue is nearly gone.
If you immediately notify a spammer they are no longer welcome, they will just go off and create a new account. Shaddowbanning makes it a little more difficult as they can see still post, see their own contributions, but nobody else can.
Almost at 2k
Wireless charging is significantly slower than USB charging, and generates a ton of heat. And not everyone's usage case allows for wireless charging. The biggest problem is that wireless charging can not be used while on the go, which is why I had to get a new phone when my n6's port shorted out.
Many health departments will dock points (at the very least) for improper reheating of TCS items.
He just ~~played~~ fileted himself
I'm not liking the idea. A bike lock should be simple, somewhat easy to clean out when necessary, and reliable. Expensive, fancy "smart locks" introduction more points of failure or weakness while introducing little convenience or security. As for me, I will likely continue riding with a pair of onguard 8013s (the second stays at home most of the time) and sometimes a cable as well. Whole setup costs less than $50 and will deter anyone looking for a quick bike. Anything else is pointless in the long run.
The App was working at around 3pm EST today.
Thursday at 3:30pm. Not completely screwed over this time
Same thing. Exert dominance.
I have personally never seen a time ticket that mentioned any hour between 5pm-8am. Edit: apparently time tickets for 7pm and possibly later exist.
Thermal reciept paper does not have ink applied to the paper by the printer. It does contain a dye that darkens when exposed to heat. While the heat from a thermal printer head is more than enough to darken parts of the paper, any sufficient heat source can work. Something else that can generate a moderate amount of heat to a specific portion of paper? The friction of a fingernail against the paper. Usually, this produces a rather faint line, but is still often useful for situations where a pen/marker are unavailable.
&gt;Should I go live it up in Mexico or prioritize my academics? You are at Tech. You worked hard to get here, and you pay a lot of money to stay here. Only one choice is obviously the tight answer, and it's not the first.
10/10 creative twist on the overused Jackson Street bridge spot.
*"Detected obstruction of solar radiation".....* *"Nuclear reactor initiated. Estimated run time on current fuel reserve: more than nine nine nine...[error] hours."* *"Your turn, captain."*
Which section? section R is the only one with TBA dates, but it is at GT Lorraine
I am not aware of a easy to execute copycat of the chocolate caramel syrup McDonalds uses. Try what you want, and I had some success with just mixing some ice cream topping syrups that I had laying around. Other than that, a strongly brewed drip coffee and warmed milk are going to be required for a somewhat passable copycat.
Because iced mochas are a thing, we do not advertise iced coffees made with chcocholaye or caramel+chocolate syrups. And while I personally think they don't taste that great, if someone requests one specifically, I will make/sell them. As others mentioned, iced drinks and chocolate syrup don't mix easily. The chocolate syrup is very thick.
Oh the memories that comment brought back.
I removed it from the bottle, and it was extremely thin, and collapsed into a small ball.
Appears to be, and there was a layer of sludge on the inside of the cap when I probed it.
I just want some safe bike routes from Midtown/Tech up into the Northwest neighborhoods.
The issue is uncommon enough where anyone could belive that "It won't happen to me" Plus, I picked up a few bottles, including this one, at just over $6 each from a retailler's closeout sale.
With optional BASE Jumping DLC.
Yeah sometimes you get those who are inexperienced cyclists struggling to maintain a decent pace. What annoys me most is when those people get flat tires, and can't even tell me their tire size so I can get an approriate spare tube and help them back up.
Are you trying to imply that all men can't get pregnant?
I have yet to see a professor that allowed web clickers.
If someone gives me pile of change and tells me it's the exact amount, I usually won't count it out and just gladly take it. However, to anyone who presents a cup of over a hundred loose coins and asks how much it is (this happens more often than I'd like to admit), f*** them. I'm a drive through cashier, not a coin counting machine.
This is McDonald's. Job interviews aren't competitive, and they aren't an exam. At my store, we will generally hire any applicant that looks decent, and just the fact we call up an applicant shows we are serious about hiring them. The interview pretty much exists to give the management team a first impression about who the applicant is. The interviewer wants to answer a few internal questions, most importantly "Do I feel like X would do well in a fast-paced team". Some obvious pointers (from someone who has interviewed a few applicants), wear somewhat decent clothing (polo/khakis are slightly overkill, but don't show up in torn/junk clothes if you can avoid it), don't bring your parents into the picture, don't show up on drugs, don't show up late. Otherwise, be prepared to discuss the role of the job, and answer a few questions about who you are and your goals.
The decision to skimp out on RAM really seems to be one of the biggest problems for me. Apps almost always have to reload if I swap between two, and very long freezes are common.
Older cars could possibly have the lock cylinder forced to turn, starting the ignition. This isn't guaranteed, and is likely to destroy the cylinder if you use enough force. Newer cars often have keys cut in different ways to discourage picking of any kind, and RFID-like chips that prevent the ignition from activating even if the lock is forced.
You are thinking of NFC cards, which can be read at close range, but the data obtained from a read is not enough to clone the card, in a similar fashion as the contact chips in newer cards.
You need buzzfunds to start the washers. Assuming you do, load the machine, go to the payment terminal "the black box", enter the machine number, swipe your card. If everything goes well, it should return the remaining balance. For dryers, you will need to add more time than the 10 minutes (in 10min increments) Go back to the machine, and select the cycle. (for dryers, press the cycle once for every 10 minutes you paid).
The square brackets in a quote indicate words that were inserted or changed from the original. Usually these modifications are used to indicate a changed tense, or to provide information that may have been left out (such as the reference of a pronoun)
/r/holdmyfries
This is a repost of a question asked earlier today, but summarizing. Most incidents involving fatalities are close to takeoff or landing, in which case parachutes would be useless. Accidents involving high altitudes would involve jumping from a fast moving plane at high altitude. It's likely that passengers would pass out either before jumping or mid-jump and not survive. The weight penalty of a hundred parachutes is huge, and would dramatically increase ticket prices.
It looks like these are first aid workers, and may not be able to handle medical transport themselves. For crowded events, space for ambulances may not be available everywhere, but stationed EMTs can assist in situations until transport is brought in.
My public speaking professor openly said that if you do weed/abortion/immigration as a topic for any assignment in the class, and don't make it super interesting with an original point of view, there would be an automatic one-letter-grade penalty on the assignment. Some people still tired, and wondered how they failed the class.
The SAT and ACT are more of a test of one's ability to think rather than a test of learning, and are not tailored for the needs of an individual school district/state. State tests are often highly customized to test performance with regards to a set of standards set by the district/state, and give decent feedback about how well students learned those skills over the year.
Not every single bus stop has the space or need for a full-sized shelter (and some of that is due to our shit sidewalks), and they do cost money to build. While I agree there are many stops that do desperately need a bus shelter, its just not feasible to put one on every single stop.
SMS has two key advantages. First, it can work in cases where a data connection is unavailable, but a cellular connection still is present. Second, it's the closest thing to a universal standard we have by far. Just about every cell phone user can send/recieve SMS, no special apps required.
Are your crew discarding waste without discarding? Make sure adequate waste collection bins (aka 5gal orange buckets here) are present and in use, and that someone counts waste at least every shift. If waste is high, look into the cause. For completed waste, are special sandwiches being made/marked/served right the first time? Make sure grill slip printers work and it helps to make sure that specials are physically isolated from commons. Speaking of this, an overflowing HLZ leads to disaster: make sure there is a balance between kitchen and service labor , and that DT cars are parked when a holdup exists with that one order. For raw waste, make sure that perishables are not ordered in excess, and check the yields on many items for problems. For stat loss, make sure that employees are not making personal food without recording into the register. Once again, run a yields report. Look at which items are the problem. Taylor Blended Ice Machines can require regular calibration checks to make sure you aren't pouring your food cost down the drain. Shakes/ice creams can also be a problem. Check fill levels, and crew procedures. Waste rarely gets recorded in this area, and the raw product is expensive. If there is not a recent mass coupon distribution going on, there should be no reason for register promos to be enabled. For sugar, check tea brewing procedures. Are batches of tea iced out to 4 gallons? Check the ABS ice dispenser, make sure that foam cups are filled to the top with ice. At the very least, run an Inventory stat report over a period of two weeks or a month. Look at the top $ losses. Anything unusual here?
Unused Meal plan swipes expire at the end of each semester. Unused dining dollars expire at the end of every spring and summer.
Yes, in some countries including the US, it is possible to file for individual bankruptcy. Doing so is admitting you have virtually zero non-essential assets, and will make it extremely difficult to obtain credit for a few years.
You monster.
So apparently my school got their hands on some reflective white road paint. They then decided to spray shared lane markings every hundred feet (approx) on a few sections of streets (including every lane right before a major intersection). Thank you for trying to help. Now can we do something about the fact the vehicle sensors do not detect cyclists, often holding them with red lights for a few minutes. But the new markings look pretty. Also, was planning a low-end rear wheel build, and felt like complaining about how expensive spokes were. Local shop asked for $25+tax for a set of 36 DT spokes and nipples. Fortunately, it looks like my build can be completed with only one size spoke (289mm) And a side note to one of my friends. You have an insatiable urge to pull your rear disc brake so firm that you skid every time you slow down, and you have the audacity to complain how you burn 4 rear tires for every front you have to swap out. Lay off the rear brake.
And what about the Muslims who are terrorists. And people's of colours whose lives don't matter because they will make nothing out of it? Don't tell us what we can and can't do.
Can't believe someone would actually do that.
"Backup" meaning "the place I put shit when my phone runs out of space"
Reminds me of my freshwater fish tank. Initially started it with a dozen or so guppies just to get the tank growing, and planned to introduce other species of fish. The guppies had other plans though.
Tradition. The 10-point scale is easy to understand and has been used a lot through most schools in the US. It also works pretty well when assignments and tests are made so that perfection is expected. Although even in the US, many professors use different scales (such as a 20-point scale) or set cutoffs arbitrarily based in the grade distribution of the class.
Find out if your college allows retroactive withdrawals, unexpected surgery that put you of class for a while could be a valid reason. This will allow you to write off the semester without having a bunch of Fs on your transcript. Retake the classes when everything gets better and move forward
While I have never purchased a c-to-c cable from them, I have purchased a lot of products from Anker and have only had one defective product (which was taken care of quickly). They run a bit expensive though.
Can't say I agree too much about 17th between peachtree and Atlantic. At least when I pass by, the bike lanes are rarely obstructed. But then again, we also have the dedicated bus lane for a lot of the lenght, which (unless being violated) is often a quick way around someone parked on the bike lane
Unfortunately, MST relies on a proprietary standard which Samsung bought out.
So you have a two segments of chain still in good condition? Just cut them so that they both have inner links on the ends, and join the segments with two sets of master links, and hope its long enough.
I'll do a hands on comparison when I get home, But from memory, I think the body of the upside-down Metro would still feel skinny and light compared to the VP. But the hand feel of the clip would be pretty similar.
A little tough to tell from the picture, but this doesn't look like its very deep, and could be safe to continue riding on.
From what I assume, the snow storms in the NorthEast US caused some delays over the past weekend. I had quite a few shipments delayed. Looks like Amazon is resorting to UPS next day air for many orders this week, so it's a mess. Before that, shipping times were on point. Another issue I noticed was poor choice of carrier service. USPS bound printed materials is about the bottom of the barrel for them, and I had a lot of items shipped that way over the past week.
When we pushed the Mcpick and All day breakfast over the past year and a half (and the previous menu rationalization that occurred prior), we also killed off a lot of our premium menu items and their raw components. And when we did have a million premium items, guests were frequently very confused by the menu, and often expected items that didn't exist, which lead to a lot of refunds and exchanges. Now with all day breakfast phased in with its full form, I personally expect some new limited time items rolling in and out until the "next big thing" rolls out. Such as the grande/jr Macs that we will be seeing this month
I would get in contact with the director of the bookstore. (michele.gretch-carter@gatech.edu IIRC)The buzzcard office usually isn't willing to cash out card funds, and the bursars office can't help.
A temperature effective of killing bacteria by heat alone would also drain a lot of energy, if not outright killing our own cells first.
Gotta be Extra pickles and onions or nothing for me
Is this a child's cup in a large foam cup? Happens occasionally when crew trys to stuff extra cups back into the turret and drops one into a wrong slot without noticing.
AFAIK, freshman are not allowed to be placed in suites/apartment housing, unless its because all the FE dorms are full. Nor do freshman (and new transfers) get to pick their housing building/room. And if memory serves, self-assignment priority is done by credit hours, and as a rising sophomore, you will probably be unable to find 2 adjacent unoccupied apartments.
If you are asking this question with respect to the music subreddit post, that specific case appears to stem from a moderator logging into a public computer, and not logging out (or using a browser autosave). The attacker was apparently able to retrieve the mod's password (likely through browser autosave), and use it later on.
Well, since OP doesn't make anything clear, here is my first [casualty of 2017](http://imgur.com/a/LfIwl) Pay attention to your tread wear. Continental even molds in a wear indication, which I ignored and wanted to see how far I could push this tire. Exploding tires while stopping aren't fun, and neither is having a panicked pedestrian activating an emergency telephone. Have to put that bike aside until Saturday night because I didn't have a spare ready.
3 calendar days, including the day of first use. So if you use the first trip on a monday, the card is good for unlimited rides until the close of Wednesday's service (technically Thursday at 1am or whatever).
Check out /r/counting. Things can go pretty deep
Canada*
Bluetooth headsets. I've accidentally put a couple of them through a washing machine.
This really should be in /r/techsupport But anyway, if the CD was burned as an audio-cd, there isn't an easy way. There may be a date of manufacture code printed somewhere on the label/plastic, but even that wouldn't provide a good idea of when the disc was burnt.
A professor for a required class the term before the document deadline, for medical reasons, did not finish grading a few assignments/tests, and did not submit grades by thay college's deadline, causing a NR mark. The situation was not cleared up in time to send an correct transcript. If your best SAT score in any part of the test was higher than what OSCAR shows, it could be grounds for appeal, but I can't guarantee anything.
&gt; with an expected 20 year life span Got a citation on that? I'm actually curious here.
Getting an ID isn't free. The total cost of getting an ID can also be disporportioanlly high for those in lower income situations, which tends to mean blacks.
All very-low income people can potentially be affected by voter ID laws.
There is a slightly greater cost to running the lines for a USB3 port, and limited benefit to more than a few USB3 ports. As for desktops with many USB ports, the motherboard chipset may only provide for so many USB3 ports, while providing a few usb2 ports after that. Rather than adding hubs, they may just run a few usb2 ports.
Quick, move everything to North Carolina.
I have worked all different times of the day, but I found myself attracted to "opening" (despite we are a 24/364 store). I never minded showing up at ridiculously early times, take the disaster that is our store after yet another brutal night, do the night's dishes and clean/stock everything, get most of the morning prep out of the way in the walk-in, and be sipping on coffee when the GM walks in at 5:30 when we both know we have a health inspection coming that day. And as 5:45am rolls around, bringing the back booth register station back to life is always fun, and a relief for the third shift crew when they no longer have to take orders and scramble between the front window and front counter registers to pay out every order (second window does not have cash/credit facilities, which a lot of our guests have complained about). 5:50-6am and the rest of 1st's shifts initial crew checks in, and I'm taking a little pride in having the store ready for the peak period, which for weekdays, loves to start before anyone's ready. Having to do inventory early in the morning sucked though, but that's part of life and its critical it gets done.
Oh god, mentioning the forbidden phrase. It's only a matter of time before the 5x guys start leaking into here in dozens
Right before that tire gave in, I was panic-braking after my glasses fell off right before an intersection. And my rear brake on that bike loves to jump from zero to skidding just by looking at the brake lever. Cue ~15-&gt;0mph skid and kaboom.
&gt; They're slippery as hell when wet. They are slippery as hell when dry as well. If you are on a bike on a road where there are dozens of these steel plates in a row, and a car stops in front of you, you're fucked. In my experience, its almost impossible to make significant turns or apply brakes on them..
With the law repealed (hypothetically) insurers are no longer legally bound to accept the under-26 group under a parent's plan. Many insurance companies, seeking profit, would likely drop them quickly. I'm fucked without insurance either way (kicked off my parent's plan at 19, and can't afford my own) but am still strongly opposed to the repeal of the ACA without a similar plan in place.
Perhaps it's a personal reflection of how you feel. Do you ever feel that you are in situations where you can't take control or do something? Even if you don't consciously acknowledge that feeling, it could be manifesting in your dream.
As /u/Indy_101 mentioned, the housing app fee/prepayment must be submitted before applying for housing, and the fee may not be fully refundable depending on how late you cancel the contract. I am not sure if the enrollment deposit has to be paid before applying for housing, but that fee is not refundable, but is used towards your first semester's expenses.
I was about to say the same thing.
The server at the restaurant. I was placing a small order to go, and was greeted and repeadetely harassed by the server while placing the order, and about an hour later before my food was ready, he asked for payment, but refused to take any cards, apparently because he doesn't want to risk accidentally accepting a expense card, forcing me to pay cash. Another ten minutes pass and I have my food, and I felt like leaving a small tip as I walked out, which apparently annoyed him enough to specifically complain about such a "small" tip.
Given how close it is to the end of the month, I would suggest buying a block of 20 trips (discounted at $42.50 vs $50) and then finding a student to purchase a discounted monthly pass
You monster.
The coffee sent US stores shouldn't have changed (unless something happened very recently). Your complaint sounds like a local store issue, of which many factors could be in play.
English translation below:
If you are X$ above a tax bracket, you pay that bracket's percentage on the difference between your income and the bracket level, in addition to the total already owned at that point (the sum of the lower brackets which is presented as a single amount). If I understand your numbers, it's $18k plus 28% of (income-91k)
The 5x has its own issues.
Spotted on the kiosk menu at a store in Atlanta a few days ago.
It's beyond me. I'm not even in uniform or anything. The only way they can for sure is by checking the name on the card's magnetic stripe. One of the employee's mentioned that they signed a agreement with someone else for exclusive delivery rights, which is about the only justification I can see.
A and later B were the primary drives back when floppy disks were the primary form of storage. As hard drives rolled around, the next logical letting was C, and it stuck.
I've had to do this a few times. Take a few plastic kitchen gloves, a worn out pair of fryer filtering gloves, a few trash bags, a can of air freshener, and a full bottle of bleach spray
"Oh yes please, come here clippy" (Then proceeds to grab that stupid office mascot and unfold it into a wire.)
.Compact view for life!
The whole train mechanic was bit tedious at times, but I found it to be enjoyable.
People with pre-ezisting conditions may be a huge liability that you will likely have to pay out, which is extremely undesirable for the concept of insurance (which hopes to take in more than it pays out.)
Is a weight weenie, yet still runs a double crankset.
3s projection usually works by showing two images, one intended for both eyes. For single screen applications, the two images are shown on the same screen. In order to make this work, there must be some way of filtering out the image so that both eyes don't see both sets of images. I do not wish to go onto the specifics of polorazation here, as it's beyond Eli5, but each lens of 3d glasses only allows one of the two polarized projections through. Each eye recieve the slightly different image, producing a 3d effect
That offer appears to be specific to only the listed items, and the register will only accept the offer for those items unless overridden. Also, because I have personally have dealt with this many times before, you can't use a screenshot or printout to redeem an offer.
I'm actually building a wheel based around the 506 hub, and I did not see anywhere advertise it as road/11 speed compatible. Another source says that 11 speed shimano mtb cassettes fit on 8/9/10 speed hubs, but I'm confused here myself.
Teachers who do this, especially in humanities/free elective classes, are the best. I've been fortunate to get away with buying international/old editions of nearly all of my engineering classes (with a few online homework subscriptions *vents*), but having to buy recent editions of books for terminal elective classes sucks badly, and I'm glad a few of those classes have gone book-less. Also, using their own curation of material usually means the professor has genuine enthusiam for the class, and lectures and posted material line up perfectly.
¿por que no los dos?
Except for onions and Mac sauce apparently. About half of the Big Mac's I type in have one of those two ingredients taken off.
In my own viewpoint, anyone who has ever tried to significantly change the status quo has faced heavy opposition from those who support the status quo. Sander's paltform was just that: proposing radical changes to the way the country was currently being run. I was honestly surprised that the campaign managed to make it so far against the establishment candidate, and that the idealogy carries on.
This has become a massive circlejerk.
Coupon/promotion utilization is common. The Big Mac has been on the almost perpetual 2/$5 menu (or a Mac+sml fries for $3.50 deal we did for a week) for over a year at my store, and if guests desire a mcrib/nuggets/filet/qpc/mctriple/or another Mac, they percive a Mac reduced to nothing as a better value than a plain mcdouble.
Oh.
Just get multiple paper shredders. They are very efficient in groups
RIP /u/hooman_super's fingers.
/r/wildlyballs is more like it.
Not to mention the quality/selection usually sucks. At my school, breakfast at the dining halls is primarily undercooked scrambled eggs, vegatarian sausage, plain oatmeal, milk, cereal, yogurt, and a few other rotating options. Everything for lunch/dinner is either overcooked to death or just terrible. And that's averaging a minimum of $10/meal.
[I'll link a CNN Money article that is related](http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/30/news/better-business-bureau/)
Bright colors (except red) typically do not sell very well as compared to greyscale or muted colors. Not that many people want bright colors like green/cyan/yellow, and cars used for commercial purposes are almost exclusively greyscale. New Car dealerships, especially smaller lots, do not want to stock something they believe won't sell at a profit. Manufactures will still make many color varieties by request for those who want them, so there is not much incentive to stock them at dealerships.
My school's library has some (but not all) of the common textbooks available for 4-hour loans. They are not owned by the school, but rather "indefinitely loaned" by a professor/department, but it's something.
We wanted low fares for those who are on personal travel and don't want to pay more than we have to, so we lost a lot of in flight services and got cramped cabins. We also saw a lot of services become paid extras to offer a low base fare. We wanted to show that we are serious against stopping terrorism, so we banned a lot of items, including &gt;3oz liquid bottles. We also got a very notorious security checkpoint system that isn't perfect.
The liquids rule theoretically limits the size of a liquid bomb that can be assembled in the cabin if the plane.
5 10x20's. Just how much was she paying a month for those? And how?
Northside drive bus service finally... Fuck yeah.
Am college student with constant 8am classes, and used to work a job where I showed up at 4:55am. Both times are perfectly sane times to wake up.
Noodler's qin shi huang and Kung The Cheng are both vibrant inks (qsh is florescent pink but easily readable, so it's a wonderful accent ink) with an unusual pleasent smell. Blue ghost also gets a shout out. Not a general use ink for obvious reasons, but I have a few uses for it.
You already fucked up by sticking your dick in crazy, but for the love of God, Don't put a fucking ring on it.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Mudkip.
Iirc the vote was for a four-year extension, so 2020 election.
Adding to this thread, regarding GT housing recycling collection, is Styrofoam (extruded PS) collected? I go through a lot of egg cartons. I also assume that grocery plastic bags are not usable in single stream.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Something's going on behind the scenes here, and it doesn't look pretty.
Unless you have a recirculating hot water setup in your building, the lenght of piping from the water heater to your applience has been static for a while. Heat can be lost through transfer with the sorrundings, and the flow of heat by conduction along a static pipe isn't enough to keep the pipe warm. When the appliance is turned on, all that static water comes out first, and is relatively cold.
Building a wheel. Got everything in place last night, and was up until 2am last night getting the spokes in place. Now just to tension and true this bastard, and eventually move my rotor/tires over.
And tip revenues doubled by 250%
Robert'); DROP TABLE orders;--
Oh, and the transition from being insured to uninsured can happen in an instant. Learned that lesson the hard way with a surprise bill.
Sugar and liquid sugar are not priced in my store's register system (although they can be priced), and by definition, the build of a unflavored iced coffee already includes cream and l-sugar.
In the US, any event that normally would involve the presence of the group of the president/VP/cabinet will have at least one of the cabinet members off-site during the event, so that in the event of a disaster that wipes out the president/vp/cabinet, one member of the chain of succession is still alive. For the most part, this concept is only used for inaugurations, or events where the President addresses congress or the public.
Carbohydrates are only one part of what energy drinks use to boost "energy". Most also include at least one stimulant, such as caffeine, and an arrangement of vitamins/minerals/etc. For the case of low/zero carb energy drinks, they just omit the sugar.
For most states, there is both the federal income tax, and a state/local income tax. Both are filed separately on their own forms, and each may have different rules for deductions.
It's a organized march to demonstrate support for women's rights. The name is pretty self explanatory.
Exactly. The amount of bail is generally set so to discourage the accused from simply running away. If they do not show up to court when asked, the bail money is forfeited to the court.
Bail is usually returned pretty quickly after all required court appearances are satisfied. If the accused is found guilty, the bail money may be applied to any fines/damages/etc.
In stop and go traffic, hybid/electric cars with regenerative braking (using the brake as a generator essentially) recover some the kinetic energy while slowing down, while cars without it (ie gas-only cars) discard that energy as heat. Accelerating from a stop takes a lot of energy, although if you recover the energy from stopping, you have stored a lot of what is needed to get back to that speed.
Often, the slots are arranged in rows of up to ten, but for larger items like chip bags, two slots are merged together to form one big slot, and the second slot is not addressable by keypad. This slighly reduces wrong entries, and allows for a slightly simpler code.
If you are committed to the idea of living on campus housing, go ahead and apply on the housing.Gatech.edu website. The deadline to participate in self-selection is early February. Although it's not guaranteed that as a sophomore that you will be able to find an empty cluster of rooms.
[Call me insane, but I just completed my first wheel build. Cost me a little over $100 for a bike that originally cost ~$300 but oh well.](http://i.imgur.com/0ABmUVl.jpg). New wheel, and new cables in blue, and it looks nice.
Can we have a ponce-style makeover of Northside drive around 10-14 street? Do we really need 3 travel lanes in each direction, despite the innermost lanes being used for left turns (I witnessed two different near-wrecks last night from people almost bumping someone making a turn.). Can we take one lane off each side and toss in a center turn lane wider than a foot, and maybe toss in a 3' bike lane on the uphill direction?
The data itself is encrypted, but if the one node is compromised, there could be a clear record that a packet was sent from Computer A to computer C, in this case the origin and final destination. With multiple layers, if one node is compromised, all that can be obtained is either a origin computer to a node, a packet sent between nodes, or a packet sent from an exit node to a destination. Without compromising multiple nodes, the packet can not be readily traced.
I wish my car insurance was close to a few hundred a year. Maybe then I would actually pay for the state-mandated car insurance.
I really can't say anything for sure other than to pack a ruler and measure yourself. Giant doesn't publish which exact hubs they use on their bikes in this price range. I've seen hybrids (even a few that came with 28/w 32 tires), use 135mm axle spacing, along with a few that used 130mm spacing. I want to say assume 135 unless measured otherwise, but that wouldn't be appropriate.
Demand plays part in the role. Flights between two major cities (such as NYC and ATL, which are both regional airline hubs and buisness centers) are typically expensive because airlines know those routes will be heavily utilized no matter what, and charging a bit more could mean extra profit.
A big fuss over the past few weeks is involving healthcare and reproductive rights. Republican governments in particular have been criticized for campaigning to reduce access to family planning resources, and the recent assult on the ACA isn't helping out here.
There is nothing worse than trying to pedal out of an intersection, only to have your bike chain decide to split as you apply force to the pedals. It's fortunate I had a chain tool and a extra pair of master links stowed away.
Have at least some idea what you want before you pull up to the drive through, and have your payment ready before I see you at my window. And for the love of God, do not hand me a bucket of change and ask me to count it out and return the remainder.
A slice of tomato in a grilled cheese sandwich.
They don't pay the entire cost of construction or operation. They instead sell/auction the "naming rights" for however much someone is willing to pay just as a way to raise money.
And I thought that message was there just to humor us who are handling truck deliveries in the walk-in.
Here in Atlanta, we have a 2-mile stretch of road with a 3' lane with a 2' buffer. Close enough?
It varies day by day. Grill team usually is able to avoid wasting food due to overwhelming, and the vast majority of our completed waste is either incorrectly prepared or incorrectly sent out. However, on days we are understaffed, completed waste grows out of the roof due to an overflowing UHC that results in crew unable to find the right items, and fold not being held warm. Also raw waste is also a concern during the off season for salads. During some parts of the year, we use less than a dozen salad blanks a day, and as such, many customers return/refund salads because they are visibly way beyond shelf life and portions are too small. Shakes/frappes are also a notorious food cost black hole. Incorrect/absent calibrations, frequent remakes, oversized cones, and dropped or wasted product bags (you wouldn't believe how many times overnight and second shifts have left product bags at room temp.)
Regarding the rear cogs, the $33 part is a old-style thread-on freewheel, while the a HG51 is a freehub cassette. They are not compatible, please check which type of rear hub you have (the presence (or lack) of a locking above the smallest cog should be a obvious clue. 8 speed freewheels are very rare, and the linked page indicates it is using a free-hub design. For the chain length, you will likely be measuring and cutting out whatever size is already there.
If both windows have a functional cash register setup, during times where there are a lower amount of employees on the floor, it generally is advantageous to have the cashier at the presenting window so that they can assist up there when there are no active orders to take or pay out. During peak times though, having the second window cashier offers a huge benefit for the store if labor permits, and gives the kitchen a fighting chance when people change their orders.
Their menu has quite a few options, ranging from practically-subway-on-pita to some pretty exotic creations. I've eaten there twice, and enjoyed both sandwiches. Interesting note: my local location has something like two tables in the dining area. The place gets busy sometimes, and it's almost all delivery couriers. Having a simple menu helps there.
As long as the deformed currency isn't used as currency, it's legal to deform currency. The quoted section of code heavily emphasises the word "fradulent". Trying to shape a nickle into a quarter and then trying to spend it is fraud, but drilling a hole through a quarter and using it as jewelry is legal.
I actually owe taxes due to thousands in 1099-misc income. College tuition already ate my wallet, and there's nothing left for uncle sam.
If the "bad" set is older, and we assume the batteries were of similar quality to begin with, and both sets of cells charge to 4.2 normally, its reasonable to assume the older cells have worn out a bit, leading to an increased internal resistance across the cell, which causes a higher voltage drop when current is pulled from the cell, which indicates to a device that the battery needs to be recharged sooner.
Because they have degraded, there is a loss of capacity and to output the same current, the voltage under load drops more (compared to open-circuit).
$100 bills. Who doesn't want to hang out with the guy who wants pull Benjamins out of his ass on demand.
Parking near the fox theater isn't very abundant, and for large events, many local lots charge a lot for parking (anything within reasonably short walking distance is going to be ~$20). However, the Fox is almost adjacent to the North Avenue rail station, so depending on which direction you are coming from, you may have a few options (be aware that rail service on weekends isn't very frequent)..
Started as crew, mid 2013. Kiosks have introduced additional points for guests to place orders, but are subject to human error, and (from the perspective of an experienced cashier) the layout of the kiosk menu isn't efficient. The majority of kiosks orders are without problems, although we do not see in progress kiosk orders on our KVS screens. It hasn't really done much to change our workflow during peak time, and the kiosks are closed down in the late afternoons, reducing their potential benefit. I do not really see kiosk ordering taking off that well. Trying to find the balance between a easy-to-use kiosk menu and minimizing error and order time is a difficult challenge. Mobile ordering should be a more promising idea, but the existing implementations are frequently a disaster IMHO. Our store is facing difficulties obtaining crew members, so nobody is being replaced by kiosks or will be.
No. All I want is a clean, quiet place to get rid of some buisness.
You're an alternative fact.
When a file is moved to "trash" it's virtually the same thing as a library adding a note to the card catalog saying to consider removing the item. When the trash is emptied, the entries in the "catalog" are blanked out. The corresponding data still exists until new data is written in its place, but there is no longer a record that the data exists at that spot.
Every once in a while its nice to see someone else from Atlanta posting here.
There are a few cases where it is dead obvious a fraudulent transaction has occured. Two card-present transactions in vastly different areas chronologically close to each other can be flagged confidently and instantly, as is unlikely/impossible to travel that far. Otherwise, behavioral analysis can flag some transactions. For example, I have had calls from my bank when someone tried to purchase a gift card for a grocery store I don't ever shop at.
&gt; The credit card company is 100% responsible for card fraud. Unless the merchant accepted a fradulent magnetic stripe from a chip-enabled card account. In this case, the merchant eats the loss.
To keep the design simple. A pair of batteries side by side allows both connections (positive and negative to the device) to be on the same side of the battery pack when using the batteries in series. The opposite side of the battery pack, which serves as a bridge between cells in the middle, can become a very simple metal shunt.
Triumphant Trump:. Licorice flavor, dyed orange, infused with Vodka, served with marshmallows and cookie dough chunks.
Insurance. For auto insurance, I paid almost 3x what my twin sister pays, despite the fact she drives a lot more than I do, we live in the same place, she had at least one moving violation on her record, and her car cost more to buy.
A university campus that, during class days, is constant gridlocked with pedestrians, cars, and their own buses.
&gt; add additional parking somewhere else Lol no.
While many printers are not very aggressive with alignment checks (in my opinion, however I don't print with color ink or print pictures.), The point of alignment checks is that the printer can verify and that the printer is placing ink in the correct places on a sheet of paper.
Yes. That most likely does not meet the standards.
Polrobably just assumed the photos would magicially materialize at the store he bought the camera from.
I just checked OIT distribution and saw MATLAB there. I was either thinking of Aspen, or how my previous school handled MATLAB
The exact techniques employed by printers varies from one model/brand to the next, but most 3d printers work by melting plastic to form a complex structure one layer at a time. Fancier models may be able to use multiple materials to allow different colors, or a soluble support material that can hold the structure while being printed, and dissolved off later. Think about it like printing hundreds of sheets of paper, then stacking them on top of each other, and ignoring the parts of the paper left unprinted.
For retail stores and e-commerce, ThinkGeek earned a mention here. A while back, they were extremely bad about overselling their stock, and they never wanted to admit it. A few friends and I ordered a few different things that year between July and November. Not one ever showed up. You know how they tried to cover it up? Shipping a vastly different size/style of an item, shipping a completely different item, shipping an empty box with a packing slip, posting a tracking number that was never received by the courier, to just flat out never shipping one order. Ok maybe customer service will help? Fuck no. They flat our never responded to web chats or emails (and we tried directly emailing executives). The wait times on phone calls were measured in hours (and we all had pay-per-minute phone plans), and we were lucky if the person who finally answerd the calls stayed on the line for more than a few seconds. Only after we all shot them charge backs did they finally offer to help. With gift cards for the full amount minus "shipping" charges.
In order to dispense non-carbonated water, the dispenser needs to be connected to a non-carbonated water line. As such, the water tab has to be either on its own dispenser head (costly) or on the head for one of the non-carbonated drinks.
In case anyone was wondering, if memory serves, for that model of grill, when entering a new product, all letter spaces are initially prefilled with "M", and there is no way to rename a product easy. Also, grilled pineapple, WHERE!?
&gt; Budgets i suppose. Pretty much this. Many school district's school bus operations are severely underfunded as it is. If having electric busses meant busses being standing room only with multiple 2-hour routes, I think a lot of parents would object.
The control panel on 3 and 2 platten grills look very similar, although I will have to say, OP's looks abnormally clean.
[Becuase 1" combination wrenches aren't cool enough apparently.](http://imgur.com/a/DefpZ)
While these offering prices are pretty insane, have there been any completed auctions in this kind of insanity?
Cancer isn't a bacterial or viral pathogen, nor is it an auto-immune disease. Rather, cancer is the body's own cells going rouge.
Find the seller that has what you need. For cassettes, you can find almost anything from Amazon or FBA sellers on amazon. For rims, you may have to branch out to find the perfect rim. For me, I found JensonUSA had the right rim, cassette, and spacer, and hub for my recent wheel build.
They are not rare in terms of scarcity, but the $2 is by far the least commonly used denomination of US paper currency, to the point where there are gaps of years between relatively small production runs.
I'm 21 and as far as I can remember back into elementary school, everything was already far digitized. Neither my school library or local county library used paper cards. Our generation is a little bit spoiled. Being able to search for a book just by a topic/author/title and have a computer spit out the location and availability is awesome.
Depends on your specific model. Both ports could run at the full output of the voltage regulator, one could be set to run at a lesser current, one could be wired to only communicate as one type of charger, etc
The US. However, the player character has gotten bored with the game and decided to tear apart the simulation in a creative fashion
If you are in a situation where there is not enough memory to hold the active tasks without resorting to using disk space as memory, then additional ram would help. With 8gb of RAM already, I do not assume this is an issue if the computer is performing rendering tasks with no other intensive processes going on. Instead, the CPU and storage device are likely bottlenecks.
One of the biggest concerns is accidental overdose of paracetamol (acetaminophen). It's a very common drug, especially in multi-drug remidies, and it's relatively easy to forget that another drug you are taking also included paracetamol
It also raises the question if Sats are subsidized/mandatory on the state. If only students serious about college took those tests, the score distribution would look a lot different from a school where everyone is encouraged to take it.
It was not an employee.
On the 2400 point scale, the sum of reading, math, and English skills(which recently was reverted back to a 1600 point scale), anything above 2000 is very good, and these average scores aren't that impressive, but then again, they are averages of everyone taking the test.
Tax extensions are only for additional time to file tax documentation. Taxes are still due by April 15, and majority of the population has already payed most of their taxes via withholdings.
The popular vote of the nation as a whole is largely irrelevant. Instead, the popular vote of the state determines the voting pledge of electors of the state (usually in a winner-takes-all form). As such, it is theoretically possible for a candidate to get all of the electorial votes with just over half the popular vote, or win a majority electorial vote (as has happened a few times) with less than a majority or plurality popular vote (as little as about 25% of the popular vote can result in a majority electorial vote).
The first month of the semester is the only time I get to explore new hobbies and start new projects. For that reason, it's the time I am happiest (excluding immediately after finals) and least stressed.
Don't think we will be seeing any mega-skyscrapers in that area, but at the very least, [The stitch redevolpment](http://www.atlantadowntown.com/initiatives/I-75_85_Connector_Vision/the-stitch) promises some more mid-rise.
It'll happen. . . . . . . . . . Eventually.
Cost, at this time, it still requires an extreme amount of money/resources to launch something into orbit or beyond. There isn't anything that we need that badly that would justify mining an asteroid/etc.
Damn. That's huge.
So-dimm is an abbreviation that basically means small form factor memory (RAM) module: the kind generally found in laptops.
Dawn or GTFO.
My middle school banned dodgeball (and half of the sports kids played) because someone started bleeding after falling down. This was way after we had to switch to foam balls.
Or that friend who sends a 20-part text all at once.
Also ignoring the fact cables are a wear item that only gets a few months of use (especially since this cable is intended for on-the-go usage) before it eventually gets tossed
Goodwill also fufils a few roles in society. A lot of people do not wish to sort out old clothes and find buyers for them,, so if donation processors like Goodwill didn't exist, those clothes would likely find themselves in a landfill. Goodwill takes their resources to sort and distribute dontations to where they are needed, and presents them for sale to the public. The money raised from sales is largely used for Goodwill's charitable actions.
The only time my store ever had drug tests on shift-managers or crew was when a injury occurred that requires a worker's comp. Otherwise, they are too expensive and useless for regular use. YMMV.
TL:DR OP bet APPL would tank post earnings. it did the exact opposite. OP also used a demo account during his stream.
Being able to sit down or stand comfortably without squeezing something between the legs constantly.
Very few [if any], and usually the enthusiasts who perform these tests are not affiliated with Intel, although may be sponsored. LN2 cooling is extremely unpractical, but is a very effective way of cooling a CPU. These tests are generally a "let see how far we can push this thing before it crashes" test, rather than "how much can we realistically expect out of this thing".
My two cents on beer shops. Hop City @ Krog street market (and their other location) has an extensive tap list, and a nice selection of cans/bottles. Green's beverages is also a good go-to place for packaged beer/wine/etc (bring cash if you stop by Green's). Whole foods also has had a great inventory of CC cans the few times I've gone there.
~~3mm~~ ball end hex keys should not see any significant torque. FTFY. Too much torque on ball drivers is generally asking for stripped parts.
A nuclear weapon attack can kill many different ways, depending partially on how far you are from the blast. Close enough to the blast, you would likely be vaporized/burned/etc very in the blink of an eye. If you feel pain, it would be for a fraction of a second. A little further out, you may die a slow death from extreme burns or being crushed by debris. This would hurt. Even further out, radiation damage would lead to a slow gradual death, which may be painful.
Impact wrenches! Blowtorch welding! Let's do this!
While would you assign them to? A one or two digit emergency number could be accidentally dialed a lot easier, which would create headaches.
The infrequent attendence mishap, while documented, usually means nothing unless it becomes a regular problem.
For the large part, they already do under Visa/MC. However the traditional debit networks are preferred in some cases (ie. Large purchases) because of the lower cost, and as such it sticks around.
Its partially cooked to keep shape, but not fully cooked. That being said, a customer's definition of raw may be any variation of seriously-under-cooked.
And aren't DC-&gt;AC inverters pretty inefficient? That runtime is going to suck hard if a good current is placed on it. Edit: modern ones look pretty efficient.
This product, unlike many things that end up here, is possible, although questionable at the price point. The battery is a 20100 mAh or so, and we could likely expect 60-70 Wh out of a full charge. The ac inverter is limited to less than 100w, somehow enough to power a TV?. But who cares about runtime if we have extra batteries?.
Agreed, the newer Whitehall St DDS is amazing. Fast service, and the ability to print all necessary documents and check in from a computer. Plus, it's connected to a decent bus route (by Atlanta standards). Really saved my ass when my wallet was stolen, and my parents were out of the country leaving me with nothing to prove my identity, and the post office wouldn't let me pick up a drivers license unless I could present a driver's license. By comparison, the location in Rock Springs, ga is still a horrible trailer.
It's a catch all place for all motor vehicle stuff (varies by state). Operations involving a examination or presenting proof of identity must be done in person.
&gt; $1.19 for an apple pie. $1.39 for the vastly inferior strawberry creme! Wtf is with that pricing scheme. My current store charges $1.09+10% for one apple pie, but we waste more than we sell many days. Also, calling the SnC pie inferior is a bold move.
VoLTE and Wi-Fi calling alone have me considering dropping fi and going to T-Mobile once school starts up again . Life isn't too bad in the city without Sprint's network.
The current implementation on Fi is unusable garbage on the networks I've tried it on (satellite connection at parent's home, dedicated WiFi router connected to a multi-gigabit building network, and college campus Wi-Fi.). A significant amount of voice transmitted or received is lost or delayed. And in my primary usage area, the availability of non-lte voice coverage is getting worse and worse as time goes on.
Health department codes can be a real pan in the ass over here, which explains some things.
Yes, assuming the device allows itself to output power when an input is active (which many do not allow). The conversion between battery voltage to supply voltage (5v in the case of USB packs), and the other way around are not perfectly efficient; some loss is expected as heat. Combined with the slight resistance of the battery cells and connecting wires, a self-charging circuit will lose energy over time.
The chances of finding an exact match are going to be slim, so instead, lets look for compatibility. A few things must match, or be close to matched. First is the Over Locknut Dimension of the rear hub (aka hub spacing, the distance between the inside faces of the rear dropouts). 126mm is found on many older frames, 130mm is the standard for road bikes with rim brakes, and 135mm is used in modern mountain bikes and all disc brake bikes. The next is the rim diameter. Since we have a complete tire-rim pair, this should be easier; just read off the ETRTO tire size (usually stated as xx-yyy). We want this to be the same so we can use the same tires on the front and back wheels, and not have to change brake reach.
Those are wear indicator molded in the tread. They exist, and are marked with "^TWI" to facilitate​ easy estimation of the remaining tread life. Once those markers fail to be visibly discerned, there is almost zero tread life left before touching casing.
It's the standard packaging for the fries McDonalds uses (in the US, at least).
This looks like a bent chainring, assuming that the bottom bracket spindle isn't wiggling side to side. (try moving the crank arms side to side, if there is play there, the BB needs work).
Someone really doesn't want to pull out the alignment tool again.
On paper, a 25% discount is given for crew break meals, but under the condition that any and all discounts/promotions are voided, and the discounted order must consist of a drink, entree, and side. This creates many situations where the crew meal discount is effectively negative.
Credit card fees are a small, but significant part of a transaction, and some processors may charge a fixed amount per transaction. Because of the thin margins on some small transactions, accepting a credit card could result in a loss for the business.
You can still upload to more than one person. The idea of a torrent distribution is that there are a small number of initial copies, distributed piecewise to many people, who also contribute by sharing what they get with other peers who do not have that part yet.
Many people I know love to use a 2-hole/mtb style clipless setup, on a wide range of bikes. It's personal preference, but it's something that I think every frequent rider should try out at some point. Note that many road-style clipless systems (like spd-sl), have some disadvantages for urban/commuter purposes. Typically road shoes do not make good walking shoes.
There are a few different standards out there, and some manufacturers calling anything that can provide &gt;1a @5v "fast". Qualcomm Quick Charge uses a higher voltage along the USB cable while keeping current about the same. USB[-C] power delivery supports a similar higher voltage scheme, but also allows 5v@3a along C-C cables.
It looks like you were not connected to a wifi network at that moment the screenshot was taken, and project Fi does not have e VoLTE enabled night now, and Hangouts dialer can not be used to make calls using data over cellular networks. But it's interesting you are being charged a lower rate.
It did propel a 900kg object up 300ft a shaft. Close enough?
Assuming floors are spaced about 10ft apart, 30 floors in 15 seconds (assuming travelling at top speed the whole time) is about 1200 feet per minute, which is in the upper range of elevator travel speeds.
This is beautiful
More specifically, route 42 provides a reasonable frequency route within a few minutes (walking) from the amphitheater. Both directions of the bus route intersect with the North/South rail line. Fare is $2.50 one-way per person, plus fare media per person.
I just did. That's the way I am.
The best case scenario is a few weeks of anal bleeding. Was it really worth it?
Typically, converting from flat bars to drop bars can be quite expensive. STI shifters arent cheap, and are generally only compatible with short-pull brakes, so if the bike has long-pull brakes (like Shimano-style v-brakes), either new calipers or adapters have to be used. Some compatibility issues between road shifters and MTB mechanisms may also arise. A new stem is sometimes required to correct fit.
I can chime in here. At the time of high school, I had a rather large amount (about 50 credit-hours, 4 semesters of full-time college) of dual-enrollment credit. I applied for *transfer* admission for the spring , and then fall, of the semesters after HS-graduation (knowing that I was below average for freshmen), getting declined on the basis of insufficient credit hours (confirmed with admissions). GT requires anyone in that situation to apply as freshmen, or to complete &gt;30 hours after HS-graduation and apply as transfer. Either way, you can bring in earned transferable credits.
Used in debian-style repositories and others, the non-free section refers to packages that do not have source code published under a "free" license. Such packages/software are distributed free of charge, but the source code is not available and/or users are not allowed to modify and create derivates of the code.
I have ridden a chain well beyond the replacement guideline (it cleared the 0.75% mark on my cc-3.2). The chainrings were ok, but the cassette was trashed and skipping under light load in multiple cogs. A worn chain will accelerate wear on the chainrings, but they can put up with a good deal of abuse.
I still miss my old n6, obtained early 2016, and died early fall due to a USB port failure. Wireless charging was terribly inadequate for my usage case, rendering the phone worthless. It still sits on a Qi pad or buried in a drawer these days. The ability to charge with the screen on was a huge bonus for that phone. Despite it's large size, that phone was pretty damn awesome. Battery life was pretty great, and performance was nice (as someone using a 5x these days).
Mine shorted out last fall, and wireless charging was useless in my case, driving me to switch to a 5x.
Oh hey look, it's the one Trump campaign promise that I had some hope for.... And it's a plate of baloney.
Ducks.
Commenting to note that those who are not active in the job market (ie. retired or given up on finding work) are not counted in unemployment statistics. However, the [labor force participation rate](https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS11300000) does look at that idea.
In addition to credit cards, AMEX does offer some charge cards, which are not allowed to be a revolving line of credit: at the end of the billing cycle, a bill is sent for the full amount, and paying anything less than the full balance will result in a large penalty.
The US Constitution does not have any provisions for a recall vote. We can not hold a special election to replace/remove a lawfully elected president from office. Largely, The only way for president to be replaced mid-term is for the president to become dead/disabled, or to be impeached on criminal charges.
You can use it as a switch without NAT, or as a router which creates a private network seen as one device by the outside network. The second option will remove the necessity of device login/registration for everything connected to the router.
With a proper encryption setup (ie html over SSL), the ISP doesn't see the contents of the traffic, only the source and destination.
In this hypothetical situation, I wouldn't even use locks other than the occasional onguard u-lock. If I can't stay with it most of the time, i'll choose a different bike.
Its fairly safe to say that few people alive have ever handled one of those larger bills in normal trade. (keep in mind, in the 30s, $500 was a huge amount of money), and most people grew up without ever seeing one of them. Electronic transactions and killed a lot of the need for them.
I don't think Shimano sells bare rims for wheelbuilders. I could be wrong (I'm more of a DT Swiss fan, having built a few wheels with their rims). Also keep in mind the parts+labor cost for wheel building, even re-using an existing hub, isn't cheap.
We also need someone to go into labor during the wedding.
Outside of major urban areas, the population of our country is typically very low. As such, it becomes very expensive to run trains, especially so of you need to use trackage that is not also being used for freight trains. As such, there are no private operators of passenger trains outside cities, and no profit motive to do so. Amtrack runs trains using shared tracks (with a little bit of government subsidy), but tickets on those lines are expensive, and the service frequency is typically low. Which brings us to a different point: the automobile. A lot of our country started growing significantly after the introduction of automobiles and roads. As such, we developed a really nice system of expressway roads. Some companies take advantage of that to run bus service along those highways, often at a lower cost, higher ridership and service frequency, shorter trips, and with a profit.
Its also important to note that many grocery stores sell bananas by the pound. Target sells them priced in individual bananas, and uses a different PLU for them.
All the &gt;$2 bills of the current generations have a unique color theme to help visually identify them. $5s are blue/purple, $10s are a bright orange, $20s are prominently green, 50s have a slightly red/orange background, and the $100 has a teal background. The $10 sticks out as orange is a color far from the green we typically associate with money, and the $10 does not have a significant secondary color.
The greater the temperature difference between the inside and outside, the more heat transferred through walls/windows/etc (which are not perfect insulators. ). .
My Gameboy has a line or two on the screen that doesn't work right (and I don't feel like tinkering with it), but my grandparent's NES still works beautifully.
This is common for many devices. Electric mechanical devices (and gas devices as well) may not start if initially set on a low setting. Think about it this way. A fan or gas engine can run on a reduced throttle, but if you turn it on with a reduced throttle, it may fail to start up. To counter this, the switch is configured so that the device initially receives full power in order to get the device running, and once it is running to some degree, it can be throttled down without problem.
Can't have many accidents if there's only one train on the line.
Working for me.
To each their own tastes. I personally love their self-titled frosted (not frozen) lemonades.
I was more or less trying to joke about night/weekend frequency, which often is reduced to 24 minute intervals, with the red/green lines truncated.
Well, my store finally made the switch a few days ago. The fallout was what I expected, but mitigated by the fact that Powerade Blue still exists [for now] (few drive through guests accept Fanta orange as a drop-in replacement for HI-C). Interestingly enough, we also got 2.5 gallon BIBs of Fanta Grape. This worries me: The only other logical candidates for removal are Fruitopia SPA, Diet Dr P, and Powerade Blue. Removing any of those in favor of a second Fanta flavor would create even more backlash.
The Floridian was a service that connected Chicago to Florida through Louisville, but was discontinued in 1979 due to low ridership. An attempt to revive the line was made in the early 2000s, but ended after a contract with the USPS was lost. But it all boils down to the fact that there is little demand for such a route, and a large portion of that line has a low speed limit. Operating passenger service means cooperating with the freight company who owns the line, which can result in high costs or undesirable service.
There are a lot of households who get internet through their phone provider, and television separately. In this case, the savings from eliminating cable can be huge.
Well, it was a great run. Thanks for choosing Atlanta, and being a part of our growing filming/entertainment industry.
The [PATH foundation](https://pathfoundation.org) dealt with a lot of the same problems when planning many of their projects near Atlanta, including the widely praised Silver Comet. They may be willing to help out.
Currently on a extended vacation in semi-suburban Alabama. We're not country rednecks who like to fuck cousins. Just crazy idiots with a drug problem.
Having a deadline scheduled during a maintenance downtime, and not providing an extension, is a real dick move. Sorry you have to deal with it. Is there an option of submitting required content directly to the professor/TA? Wonder what the dean of the college would say about this kind of situation.
Have an idea what you want before ordering. I will gladly talk you through the process, but at the same time, you are only taking everyone else's time. Second. I'm not a bank. Unless I happen to have a extra roll laying around, I don't have the time/inventory to count out a dozen dollars in quarters or fifty ones. Anyone who hands me a ridiculously large bucket of change at the drive through and asks for the remainder back deserves a special spot in hell. Oh, and we are a fast food restaurant; we do not cash payroll checks. Quit asking
Have an idea what you want before ordering. I will gladly talk you through the process, but at the same time, you are only taking everyone else's time. Second. I'm not a bank. Unless I happen to have a extra roll laying around, I don't have the time/inventory to count out a dozen dollars in quarters or fifty ones. Anyone who hands me a ridiculously large bucket of change at the drive through and asks for the remainder back deserves a special spot in hell. Oh, and we are a fast food restaurant; we do not cash payroll checks
If memory serves, the student center poster sale is usually within the first weeks of the fall and spring semesters.
Waking up before 4am on a Sunday should be illegal. But I don't really care, as Tuesday and Wednesday are my weekend right now.
Under ideal conditions, my store typically has on the floor some time before open: Biscuit person. Self explanatory, and usually helps the prep runs sometime after. Grill: pulls food stock and tools for all fridges/freezers/workstations. Completes food safety and inital product batches Tabler: Brew tea, stock paper goods, roll burritos, fill and setup sauces, pulls bread, and runs of baked goods and breads. Service crew person. brew tea, towel buckets and sets up trash cans. Ensure all service areas are stocked and ready. Usually takes back booth, and helps prep, including salads and parfaits. This position is rarely filled before opening. Opening manager:.
If you were already given a uniform, wear it. If not, don't worry. You may be asked to watch training videos the first day. If not, the manager will likely have you doing a simpler position such as hash browns, or shadowing someone else.
Our store is a made-from-scratch (aka flour and buttermilk) biscuits store, largely due to highly limited freezer space, and competition from two other big chains (Hardee's and Jack's).
Only the last two digits of the printed number refer to the order sequence number. The first one (or two in drive-through) digits of the number are assigned by which register placed the order. If only one register on front counter is taking orders, all printed numbers will start with that one register's ID. As for why the sequence number is only two digits. Think about it this way. One digit is not enough, as there are situations where more than 10 orders could be pending at the same time, and duplicate order numbers could cause confusion. Three would be needlessly too many, as it is extremely unlikely that a hundred orders would be pending at once. Drive through and front counter orders use different sets of sequence numbers, as sharing the same sequence would be detrimental to both. Having the register ID displayed with orders is very handy behind the counter, as it gives employees an easy way to figure out which register (and by extension, the employee who) placed the order.
Originally, twitter supported posting via SMS, which at the time was the most popular submission method, and has a maximum single message length of 160 characters, and then subtracted 20 from the limit for a username field. That limit quickly became symbolic, as Twitter felt that the community would be best served by frequent small messages, rather than allowing users to create long blog posts. The SMS-induced limit stuck in place.
At some point, I just stopped caring. Usually, I just took a utility hose at the mop sink and blasted my shoes, especially the tread.
Hard drives, and even the best consumer SSDs are extremely slow compared to RAM, in both maximum data transfer rate and latency. Ever noticed that when a computer is heavily using a page file, performance takes a big hit? Despite the cost per GB, a smaller amount of very fast memory, directly accessed by the CPU is a lot faster and desirable than non-volatile storage.
It's a combination of things. A server does require electricity and utility (air conditioning, internet access). Some labor has to be spent in maintance and upgrades and the like. Parts occasionally fail or a hardware upgrade is desired, and those parts cost money.
Android/Apple pay usually allow you to just use a fingerprint scan (if configured and hardware is available) or a lockscreen pin/pattern.
We had NFC payments roll out a decade ago. We decided they were too modern, and a lot of places turned them off in favor for two-way QR codes, which didn't pan out like we had hoped.
On the merchant side, until late 2015, there was almost zero incentive for merchants to accept chips, and no legal requirement. We also have an infrastructure issue. An embarrassing amount of retailers still rely on dial-up/DSL/Satellite internet connections for card processing, which are often slow or laggy.
My first store (suburban interstate exit): Except for some insane limited-time specials, Sweet Tea, hands down. No other item had people pass by for a tray of it. $1 large Coca-cola products shook that up a little bit though. The store I'm at in Central Al has a more even product mix. mcdoubles and nuggets (in part due to McPick 2/2.50 and $5 meals) see a disproportionate share of the kitchen table.
The DCB has lost a lot of it's significance over the years, especially when the mcdouble has held the $1 price point or a spot in McPick. Screen estate is valuable both on the digital menu boards and on the drive through panels, so it is rarely placed on either. However, it has seen a few notable special promotions of it's own.
Generally yes, unless the rim is extremely wide (usually not an issue), or an odd bead seat diameter. (559mm is common, but there are some odd sizes).
Where are you coming from? Bobby Dodd is pretty close to the North Avenue MARTA rail station (and you will be walking with a bunch of other fans). Marta offers free daily parking at many stations, many of those are easily accessed from 85/400/20. A round trip fare would be $12 for two people including temporary fare media, which is worth avoiding the clusterfuck that is parking/driving before the game. Tailgating around campus, including the fifth Street bridge and Varsity parking lots is usually pretty active for a few hours leading into the game.
I believe the official vendor was present on Techwood drive next to the stadium in game day, or at one of the earlier spring games.
Well, farewell [eventually] to T-Square. You [and your shitty UI] will [not] be missed
It has been a while since I've looked at the pricing, but the cost of the parts that typically fail or go missing on the ketchup/mustard dispensers isn't that much by themselves. (The springs that I see are typically missing run about $2 each in a older catalog) However, just about every store would not see those parts as a reason to place a equipment order by themselves, or care enough to keep a set of spares available for when they do fail or get loss. It's more of an issue that nobody cares enough, unless complaints are filed, or corporate is visiting the store.
Harbor Freight's new Infinity-Point^tm combination wrenches.
Stuck with 5/0.4 out here, with significant downtime during peaks. Wishing for anything.
Shifts at work, frequently 10+ hours with no breaks or sitting down, and only the occasional second of leaning on a wall.
If you can, shift and pedal so that you are coasting when with a little bit of crank movement (In other words, slow enough that the freehwheel does not engage.). There might be some slight additional wear from repeated shifting under heavy loads. The bigger short term issue is a tendency to fail to shift. Rear derailleurs don't care too much, as they operate on a part of the chain with less tension. On the front however, trying to downshift under heavy load can sometimes lead to overshifts off the chainrings, or in either direction, a failure to shift until load is eased off.
Current employee chiming in. Many stores have excess frying capacity, allowing one vat to be kept at a higher temperature. Stores that cook fish at their fry station have an obvious choice for a ADB hash brown vat: the other split vat. Cooking single hash browns isn't hard, and one can easily grab a hash brown with tongs and stuff it in a paper wrapper without dumping it into the fry bin. It's still a few extra seconds of labor, but not much.
Sander's vs Clinton. We need to rig the primaries harder, dammit.
You do have the option of using the new wheel, providing the rear spacing is the same and they both are rim brake wheels. Of course, this would break compatibility with your shifters unless you are using friction shifters.
On a different note, the charging port on my n6 died, and I initially decided, since cost to repair was about the same as a new N5X, to get different nexus phone. I'm still neutral on the purchase, as the ability to charge with the screen on was a huge usability point for me. Performance is about the same between the two.
Just about every car has some form of sensor that determine how many revolutions per unit time a wheel is rotating. (It's also a key requirement for a lot of safety features). Given the assumption of the stock tire size being used, the current speed can be easily figured out from the product of the tire's circumference multiplied by the rotational speed.
If a pedal came off like that, it is possible that the pedals were not tightened down during installation, and the crank threads may be damaged. Still worth a shot though.
Disc brakes are the new thing in the road bike space, but not without some notable controversy. Chris Froome (of the British Team Sky) is one of the hottest athletes in the pro circuits.
If you are in a full-academic calendar, yes you can access your room at any time over winter/fall/spring break, with a few exceptions (housing has sometimes temporarily moved winter break residents for construction and etc)
The idea is that the register needs to know that scanned items are bagged, and only scanned items are placed in the bagging area. This is a key feature to minimize casual theft by bagging items without scanning them.
The exact implementation may vary, but generally 1.) Yes, the employer usually provides the benefit directly, often as a company-issued transit pass 2.) This may vary 3.) Lets say a pass costs $50. That $50 is deducted from the paycheck, and is marked specifically as a non-taxable benefit, and you do not pay income tax on that specific $50 of your total income.
I'm almost sure this is the W Hotel's helipad. (Which would explain the giant "W", and the fact this was taken facing north from the northwest edge of the Peachtree Center area.
Antibiotics are usually prescribed for at least a week, even if the patient feels better, to minimize the chance of a rebound infection, or the development of a resistant strain. Some other drugs, such as antidepressants, take some time for the effect to be noticable.
Many stores have a crispy chicken biscuit as a menu item, alongside the McChicken biscuit or by itself.
Even better: "[very very very very] LIGHT ice." The ABS doesn't recognize that instruction (possibly except for teas, which are extra ice by default), and manually intervening is difficult. And in the other hand, those who desire extra extra ice. At my old store, I had customers complain, that after handing them a cup that had so much ice that the lid was trying to form a dome, that I didn't put enough ice in the cup. One time he was so mad, that I decided to pack a tea cup with a ridiculous amount of shaved ice, filled it with the two ounces of cold tea that would fit. She still had the audacity to complain that it wasn't enough ice.
Interesting bot.
The apple lightning cables especially appear to be designed to look pretty. As evidenced by a lack of strain relief, and thin wires/insulation, little consideration was given for the lifespan of the cable; essentially a consumable.
Regulations are a huge issue for the concept. Unless you can abuse the "dietary supplement" category, pushing a drug to market requires a ton of safety/efficacy studies, and approval from regulatory bodies (such as the FDA). Even then, it may not be available over the counter immediately. Prescription-only status would kill the concept quickly, and going straight to OTC status is very difficult.
Here's a mess that has annoyed some of my crew. If I wanted to write a book about how not to run morning shifts, I probably could. GM gets chewed out by higher powers for multiple morning kitchen crew blowing 10+ hrs/week overtime. Proceeds to resolve this by cutting shifts without replacing them, completely failing to realize the reason why overtime is being blown, and instead making the problem worse. But hey, labor looks nice and times are skyrocketing, so everything's fine. Someone decides that the store needs to open earlier in the morning. No additional crew is assigned, existing openers get the additional time added to their schedules. Problem is made even worse. Solution is proposed: employees responsible for prep items work alternating days, staging items well beyond their intended maximum hold times. Problem is slightly resolved, but item quality and health standards fall through the floor. Another plan: find a few new hires, put them on a breakfast peak kitchen floor staffed by one trained employee. Wonder why they never showed up the next day. Policy requires that final paychecks can only be dispersed once all lent property (uniforms) are returned satisfactorily. Gets into dispute over employee who had said uniforms confiscated by police. Said dispute gets violent and sends one innocent employee to the hospital. Outside of labor: Store does not provide reasonable safety equipment (can openers, bag cutters), and as such, loose knives are everywhere. Metal and plastic pieces in food has been a complaint on VOICE at least twice in the past month. Crew is generally not trained on safe knife handling; accidents are common. Kitchen has a single trash can and no waste buckets. Cleanliness during peaks is an oxymoron. Oh, and vats are almost never skimmed/filtered. No intact vat skimmers are available in the store either. Oil life is absolutely terrible despite fully functional fryers (except one broken hi-limit sensor and terrible recovery times).
If it is/were possible to enter the atmosphere at such a condition, relative to the earth, you would have zero lateral movement. In other words, relative to the earth, you would be falling nearly straight down, and that generates a lot of resistance and heat.
Cost and time. Many toll roads are shifting to not even taking cash at all, or at least having only a few cash lanes. Credit cards are time-consuming, and a alternative of having users use their phone to pay on the spot isn't a bright idea.
Probably steal some prescription drugs from a pharmacy. Not to resell, and just enough to cover my expected needs for a few years to avoid paying out the ass for monthly doctors visits.
From what I heard, the entire car that he was using was confiscated. Something about evidence in a felony crime. (That being said, it was his word of mouth, I can not verify is it actually happened or not)
The upper level seats at pretty much any stadium are going to be decently steep.
Depending on store, $10, maybe a little over with tax, can buy a lot of nuggets.
Delivery services have to pay drivers, which is a huge expense. To cover this, large fees must be charged, or the driver expects to be able to cover multiple deliveries per trip and per hour. In urban areas, with a close distance between the pickup point and customers, along with a high density of customers, delivery can work pretty well. Outside of cities, the long trips between pickup and delivery points may result in cold food, and a huge delivery charge.
South Korea is a very small country with a large population. Thus, the cost of laying infrastructure is often lower than sparsely populated countries. DSL is still very popular, and very inexpensive to provide to dense apartment.
Complete with a mild "fuck you" to any cyclists who travel the area. There goes our quiet road[s]
There are at least two different cable pull ratios in common use, the "short-turns" ratio used on road caliper brakes, and the "long pull" seen on many mechanical v-brakes and disc brakes. Mixing the two can create some interesting situations. Short pull levers with long pull brake calipers results in a situation where the brake lever is unable to move the caliper from rest to actuated unless the rest position is very close to the rim.
Sanitation is a huge issue in my experience with lobby dispensers. For a store with a very high dine-in traffic, a dispenser was a godsend, allowing guests to get as much ketchup as they'd like without breaking the bank, hassling our employees, or creating package fragments everywhere. However, the drip pan needed cleaning every few hours, and cleaning the equipment and cabinet needed to be done regularly. Somehow, some slime would build up over time, and that smelled really bad and attracted a lot of pests if left without cleaning for a few weeks. Insects weren't a huge problem, as we had a newer building and a solid pest control plan. Oh, and people who would pull out the drip pan and use the cabinet under it as a trash can. Poor design indeed. Although I am really a fan of the larger packets Chick-fil-A and a few others use.
Exactly those.
As someone who has taken a friday night greyhound ride a handful of times, it's not that bad. The fares are decent, stations are overcrowded but comfortable, and the ride itself isn't bad if you ignore the occasional child crying in the seat next to you.
The argument of a higher tax rate than 40% for incomes greater than $500k or so is a political issue, beyond the scope of eli5.
GPS does not rely on cellular networks or wifi, as it is a purely one-way communication. If a gps location was recently obtained, the phone can store that along with the photo.
Costco faces a issue there: they are required to allow non-members to use their pharmacy, but charging non-members a surcharge wouldn't be seen as fair [or legal]. Although they do hope that if you use their pharmacy, you might consider getting a costco membership someday. Otherwise, people like you are just a little cost of doing business.
PayPal charges a fee on most buisness transactions. For the large part, person to person transaction are subsidized to build brand visibility loyalty despite the competition.
Given that this is an adjustable bottom bracket, I want to assume this is an square taper BB (as this appears to be a modern low-end bike), in which the Park CWP can remove both arms
Darwinism at it's best.
So in other words, we are transforming the Phillips arena into the next PCM, but without the offices.
Had an unwanted day off today. And it rained hard.
Call quality has not gotten better, in fact, for many cases, it's gotten worse, and many times I find myself in lte-only service. Without VoLTE, it's terrible. I'm dealing with very frequent missed calls with no notifications, and when a call does connect, neither party can hear each other. Price has remained constant. Wish domestic data rates were slightly cheaper. My N5X does not fit my usage needs very well. I'm seriously regretting not buying another N6 when my first had a charging port short out. And the future for mid-budget Fi phones looks bleak, with the used 6p market unattractive, and no price cuts on Pixel 1s.
"Fingerboards", often know under the brand name "Tech Decks". You know something was ridiculously popular when the school banned them and suspended students on sight for having them.
Oh no.
Generally yes. I've used Shimano and FSA external bottom brackets in bikes that originally shipped with 68mm cartridge units.
For longer than I cared to admit, I ignored the domain name and assumed this wasn't satire.
