No trouble with its water resistance?? That seems like a bit of a dangerous trip for an Apple watch.
Haha as an incredibly inexperienced paddler, this was my first thought!
Have you personally tested this? Because that's good to know... if it's true haha. Doesn't say that on the website.
Honestly, you should try cutting out carbs and dairy from your diet. Cleared up my eczema in only a few months! It sounds hard, but it really isn't after the first couple weeks.
Seymour Hersh's story about how the killing of Bin Laden was a lie. Not because I think that the story about killing Bin Laden was true, but because I really believe that he died of health problems between 2003-2008.
I don't see it... what are you referring to?
Thanks. I just bought the PassportPlus plan from AT&amp;T, and I'll be turning all of my apps off. I was just wondering if bluetooth can draw data for whatever reason. Like when my watch does heart rate, or checking the weather and other things it does in the background, can that consume data even with my phone not using it? That's my real question.
Fucking THIS! We just need to learn how to be skeptic about a fellow subscribers post without being a dick about it, while also not calling anyone who disagrees with a post a shill.
Agreed... They are just two cheeks of the same ass.
Rothschild is back now...
They are the reason for all the US interest in Syria right now, so you should probably care.
&gt; Note that none of Obama's executive orders would have prevented attacks like San Bernardino, Paris attacks, etc. No laws are going to stop the FBI from orchestrating these reminders of "WHY THEY NEED US!"
I mean, Oz may be a hack, but he did get a lot of shit for speaking out against GMOs.
If it isn't true, then why get all butt hurt about it and reprimand Lorne Michaels???
Really glad they don't come to /r/conspiracy for that...
Therizinosaurus, also known as a Deathclaw.
Two cheeks of the same ass
I thought it was "all for the old people"?
Just look at all that asbestos on the piping.
They can smell the menstruation!
Can you provide an example of some videos that you consider "CGI fakery"? I too am genuinely curious.
He said "front page"...
And if you like this, then definitely read Graham Hancock's new book, Magicians of the Gods. Mind = Blown http://www.amazon.com/Magicians-Gods-Forgotten-Wisdom-Civilization/dp/1250045924
Someone should let B.O.B know that.
You mean all of the data that NASA "lost" in the 70's? Yea, totally verifiable. Or what about the "moon rocks" that we brought back? When Holland tried to verify them, they found out it was nothing more than petrified wood. Where is this "verifiable evidence" that you speak of? Not trying to be a dick, genuinely interested.
You clearly have not done any research into this topic if that's all you think the argument is based on. Sounds to me like you are putting way too much emotion into your argument. If you are actually interested in having a civil conversation about this, give this a read. It's long, but worth it. http://davesweb.cnchost.com/Apollo1.html Edit: Or just downvote me... that works too.
I appreciate you taking the time to read this and respond. For the record, that link was just part 1 of 13 (just click next at the bottom of the page). The rest of the parts are extremely informative, and covered many points that I had never heard before (including your question about the pictures taken). The author does a great job at explaining his theories, the debunker's arguments, and why they don't hold water. Please keep reading, because there is a ton of scientific analysis to challenge what was done.
Or are they just trying discredit all of what he says by using his belief in flat earth?
Greatly appreciated! I'm still completely on the fence about this whole thing, so it's nice to hear some logic from either side.
I am also at work. Will respond later, otherwise my entire day will be shot.
Shooter 1: "Great idea. I'll check Facebook."
Executive orders.
Nowhere ITT does anyone call it a false flag. Just because this community entertains the idea that these events could easily be scare/control tactics, doesn't mean "actual bad things" don't happen. Bad things happen. Everyone should still ask questions. If no one does, then what's stopping TPTB from actually committing false flags? The MSM has become the most controlled, unreliable source of information there is. Just because they say something, doesn't mean it's true.
I never said a thing about Obama. Also, you seem to be uninformed about how executive orders work. http://www.cnbc.com/2014/01/28/executive-orders-what-they-are-and-how-they-work.html Looks like now you have learned something intelligent and useful today. Edit: Changed misinformed to uninformed
Obviously a complete gun ban would not be tolerated, but that's not what I worry about. It's the small, incremental actions that creep closer and closer to a complete gun ban. And while I agree with you a lot of people said that about Obama, Hilary has been WAY more vocal in her career about being anti-gun. It's pretty much the only opinion that she has been consistent with. (For the record, I'm not a Trump or Bernie supporter either. Gary Johnshon 2016!)
Spreading irrational fear is pretty much the name of the game. "Social control is best managed through fear". And at this point, I look at anyone who is a die-hard Republican or Democrat the same way I look at super religious people. They're just different sectors of the same organization. Or, to put it more eloquently, they're two cheeks of the same ass.
Too true, sir.
Religion or race doesn't matter to me nearly as much as the amount of media coverage an event receives. Anytime there are non-stop live feeds on every single channel, rampant speculation, and no visual evidence besides a bunch of clips of cops playing on a loop... Then you should start asking questions.
Have you read Magicians of the Gods? It's Fingerprints but with updated material/findings and theories. Totally recommend!
I just want to add one thing to this discussion. My biggest problem with the "mainstream theories" is not so much the plausibility of the mechanics, but more with the academic community that governs the theory. This video should illustrate my point. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ziu2ygE_Wc What you see is Zahi Hawass, the worlds most respected and renowned Egyptologist, throwing a tantrum about Graham Hancock's presentation for the debate they had planned. Once I saw how closed minded and arrogant this guy was, I realized how much closer Egyptology is to a religion rather than science. The idea that his entire life's work has been a lie makes him completely closed to any new ideas, even if they are based on newly discovered evidence. I now assume this to be true for most (if not all) other areas of academia. Also why those who propose alternative theories are cast out of the scientific community, like they try to do with Graham.
Well what's your explanation for Göbekli Tepe? Edit: Feel free to respond whenever, I don't feel like getting into a discussion right now either.
Where did you see that it was an automatic weapon? I've been trying to find out if it was or not.
One way that something like this could be possible is if only a small amount of people that were actually in the club that night were in on it. Guy comes in with an AR and starts firing off blanks. Everybody is terrified and starts running for the exits. Once outside, they are no longer able to witness the events within the club. Obviously a decent amount of people would need to be involved, but that would be way more likely than everyone in the club being in on it. That way, there is at least some aspect of legitimate panic/fear/trauma/etc. because most of the people there just thought they escaped a real shooting.
That's what I figured, as most AR-15's are semi-auto. With such a high death toll/injury level, that makes me even more suspicious.
Probably just a ploy to get more time.
I completely agree, I was just stating how a "hoax" scenario would be possible, rather than a false flag.
Doesn't matter who wins, neither Hilary or Trump will be good for the people. If you really want someone who will (at least seriously try) to make a difference, Gary Johnson 2016!
That I would just chalk up to eyewitness unreliability. Embellishing the story for the cameras. Regardless, this entire situation is sketchy as fuck.
Interesting, it was there yesterday... Wish I could remember #5.
You're hurting this entire sub's reputation when you say stupid shit like that. Can't tell if you're serious or just trolling intentionally. I get what you're trying to argue, you just need to get a lot better at arguing/debating.
I don't need any evidence of dead people to tell you that you're shit at arguing your point. Be less abrasive, less emotional, and don't immediately result to insulting anyone who disagrees with you. If there is anyone here who needs to "shut that trap of yours" it's you, kid.
Apparently, everyone in Orlando still uses flip phones? I mean, come on, the most basic phones now have better cameras than what these videos show. Nobody with an iPhone got any footage??
&gt; Show proof or shut the fuck up There's some proof for you right there. You sound like a 13 year old in remedial English.
You should really turn this into its own post. Very reasonable and well said!
I would argue there is an equal amount of evidence for this event being a false flag as there is evidence that it really was just a "mentally disturbed gay Muslim"... Just saying.
Look around you, the evidence to the contrary is mounting. Things get more and more fishy with each new piece of data that is coming out. That being said, still not sure either way.
That's pretty cool actually, what app do you use?
We need to be careful with how we treat the trolls though, who are here strictly to make us look bad. Everyone must make an effort to downvote the obvious trolls, and upvote the logical/reasonable comments here.
I'm not saying that there aren't ever legitimate times to discuss criticisms of Israel or Judaism. I'm just saying it shouldn't ever look like every post getting tied back to THE JEWS like you see somewhere in almost every thread on the FP
I mean... yea that would be the obvious answer. I'm just proposing the idea to you that it wasn't just an innocent mistake made by a common user. Just go look at the post. The comments section should be sickening to any true r/conspiracy user.
Check again. If nothing looks wrong there to you, then you are part of the problem.
Excuse me?
Yet you feel the need to complain on both of them?
Noooo don't tell me that, I love Tim Robbins... I refuse to believe it!
That's one of the problems with the whole "crisis actor" idea. It's impossible to tell who (if any) are crisis actors, and who are just attention whores that lie and make up stories strictly to get their 15 minutes of fame. I would argue the latter for most of the time, but would not totally rule out the crisis actor thing either.
Two of the highest quality comments I've seen here in a while. Just awesome.
I've searched everywhere for a screenshot of any post he put on FB, and one doesn't exist. The only source I've been able to trace the information back to is a law enforcement official in Orlando said that Omar had 4 FB accounts connected to him, and that they deleted everything. They have now requested FB turn over any information that they gathered on Omar.
I have no doubt that those responsible for creating the fake phone call will possess the resources to produce an incredibly convincing fake. Otherwise, they won't risk being exposed and would likely just never release the tapes at all.
Facebook, Google, Snapchat (facial recognition data)... you name it! The problem with all of these companies is that they provide their services for free. As the old saying goes, "If something is free, you (your data) are the product being sold."
Investigative reporter Gary Webb was shot twice in the head, they ruled his death a suicide. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Webb
You're damn right!
While I agree with what you said, that doesn't mean everyone who does that is a paid accomplice of the state for an anti-gun scheme.
It would make sense for them to secure a situation like that. But what happens if I have a legitimate injury, unrelated to a mass casualty incident, and go to that hospital for medical attention? Will I be turned away from entry? Or will I just be put in the queue behind the critically wounded?
That sounds sketchy to me.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nayirah_(testimony)
They don't want military veterans with prior combat experience on the same team as the citizens, in a revolution scenario. They'd rather take their chances with the regular citizens who have guns.
Superstation95 again? Who are they?? And how reliable are they?
That's like, the definition of what the Second Ammendment aims to protect
I'd tell you that you're mistaken. Not all are, sure. But saying none of them are is just inaccurate, sir.
I'm not on board with the hoax theory for this one. My money would be on FBI informants helping that kid kill people, then pinning it all on him when it's over "in the name of ISIS". Boston though... now that's a whole different story.
What if he called 911 to say that the FBI was trying to frame him for killing people and that he knew they were going to kill him...
Did you even attempt to read any of the links I provided?
Yes, everything in the calls except things like private information of the caller (name, address, etc.) http://www.miamiherald.com/news/state/florida/article83831332.html
You're very welcome! Another suggestion I have would be to check out the Audible version (if you're into that kind of thing). It is narrated by Graham himself, which made it SO MUCH BETTER the second time I read it. The material can get pretty dense at times, so hearing Graham read it was helpful and awesome. Now reading/listening to one of his other books, The Divine Spark. Also would recommend.
Everything is in the FBI's jurisdiction if they want it to be. The case gets taken out of the hands of city/state police once the feds step in and deem something a federal matter. That's how they are able to control the information from all of the "situations" that they involve themselves in.
"Mr. Bush, you don't live there anymore..."
If he's a fan of the Cockmeat sandwich. Edit: I was just quoting Harold and Kumar people, no need for the downvotes.
As much as I'd like to agree with everything you're saying... I still find it extremely interesting that this innocent "pizza shop owner" also happens to be the 49th most powerful man in DC?? Why? Source: http://www.gq.com/gallery/50-most-powerful-people-in-washington-dc
Absence of evidence does not = absence of a crime. While I agree, most of the "evidence" p-gate people are using is compltely speculative and circumstantial. However, there are plenty of pieces of information that have been uncovered that are indeed, HIGHLY suspicious, and therefore should continue to be investigated. All these people claiming that this is a completely crazy bull shit theory have not looked into it enough to see the tidbits of disturbing "coincidences".
http://www.dictionary.com/browse/patsy
Wow, ok now I'm starting to see what you mean. Before I was confused by the same thing as u/marko34. Is there proof that Comet is now using the part attached to it?
I will edit this response when I get home from work. I plan on giving you the examples that made me start to think that there is likely more too this whole thing than people are saying. Edit: Sorry everyone, forgot to go online when I got home. And I am now at work again, so I will post more when I am not at work. But to get you started, look into: -the connections between the CPP "shooter"'s dad -The actual photos from Alefantis' and company's instagram accounts that everyone found so disturbing, like the dick cumming pizza slices. (unfortunately, you'll have to look pretty hard as they have done a good job "scrubbing" these images from the internet). -high amount of connections to people involved in charities for disturbed or troubled youth, or Child Protective Services, or the Haiti organizations that work with unfortunate children. I'll be back later with references for the people who try to dismiss these. DISCLAIMER: I'm not stating anything to be explicit truths. All I'm saying is that there are certain parts of the story that make you wonder if these people might be on to something. At the very least, deserves to be looked into by proper authorities, rather than amateur investigators on reddit.
Link is no longer there anyway.
This video smells like low tide at the pier... way too perfect for what TPTB want right now. Further strengthen the racial divide, demonstrate how "racist" Trump voters are with the comment sections of any post involving this story so far (it's BAD, like too bad). I'm not saying these deplorables didn't actually kidnap the kid and torture him, I'm saying I'd bet the farm someone put them up to it... Edit: spelling 2nd Edit: ITT- "A theory questioning the mainstream narrative, in a subreddit for conspiracy theories? Downvote!"
I'm very familiar with inner cities, and I agree with pretty much everything you just said. However, I do not think it would be difficult to convince/entise/instruct these kids to do this, and promise them money and "immunity". Do you think it would be hard to find people in the inner city of Chicago that share their beliefs and are violent enough to willingly commit such crimes with permission and payment? Staged does not mean fake.
&gt;who the fuck is dumb enough to facebook live stream this in the first place? One thing that many inner city black kids know how to do pretty well is how to not get arrested. Dealing with cops (especially white), knowing the laws commonly broken by peers, it's sad but true. I find it highly unlikely that not a single person in that room seemed to try and hide their face from the camera, or even say "are you fucking stupid?! We're all going to jail if you put that shit on FB!"
What you just said is literally TPTB's entire goal. You should try to stop looking at this as placing blame on the left or the right, or the right winning, or the left is wrong... that's all a show; a distraction. The ones calling the shots are all on the same team. And their goal, is to divide and concur the people as much as possible in order to decrease the likelihood of a collective revolt.
No, I don't need to meet him in person or get a DNA test... just see him sign something with his PGP key. It's actually an extremely simple request (which is why JA did it in the first place). Have you seen the video of the technology that can manipulate YouTube videos live as they played and make it look like the speaker was saying different words? Too lazy to find it, but I gave you enough to google it. Shit is pretty scary. Even scarier when you consider if they allowed us to even know about that technology, how good are they now?
PGP key.
Captain Crunch?
That seems to be because you are already informed enough to be suspicious of an event like this. To everyone else still asleep to what our gov/TPTB are capable of, this looks way worse. Also, the racist comments I was referring to was on Facebook, more so than reddit. The flood of hate and racism that filled every post on the girl's FB page was ridiculous. Almost to the point that it looked orchestrated.
This is directly off of wikileaks.org when you click "Submit": &gt;wlupld3ptjvsgwqw.onion &gt;Copy this address into your Tor browser. Advanced users, if they wish, can also add a further layer of encryption to their submission using our public PGP key. Still totally in use. I read an interesting theory that this whole anti-PGP angle was a narrative pushed by TPTB, in order to keep wikileaks operational as a honeypot. If they don't have Julian's private key, they still wouldn't be able to open any files that are submitted to WL in the future. Would make sense for whoever is in control of WL at the moment to dissuade future leakers from using PGP.
By releasing his private PGP, it would be easily verifiable as the correct and functional PGP key for Wikileaks with available PGP tools. Then they could immediately change it to a new key. Obviously this hasn't been done in the past, because that would be a worst case scenario, which Assange has referenced in the past. &gt;Stop reading headlines and start researching. I recommend you do the same.
Unless the shitty people don't go to jail... Then I really call bullshit.
&gt;All this is for is to bring sympathy to trump and his followers. The reactions to this even on social media is making a lot of Trump supporters look really bad/racist. If anything I think it's just to further push the race war theme we've become so accustomed to. We will be able to get a better idea after we see the media coverage and fallout over the next few days.
I would think it'd be a little more direct than that. As in, someone in that room was an undercover "asset" that enticed them to commit the crime, or someone offered to pay them all (or at least promise they won't get in trouble), etc. Brainwashing soley through search suggestions and youtube recommendations seems like it would be harder to pull off. That being said, god knows how far MKUltra has come since it "shut down" in the 70s. Could very well have that ability now.
Interesting! I always remember Cap'n, but I'm with you on the Mandela thing and the Berenstein thing, so I guess the individual realities are independent of one another, rather than half of the people all think these things, and the other half thinks it's these other things.
Those bombs could have still been made though, right? Personally, as crazy as the idea is portrayed in today's media, I'm a big supporter of all teachers, principals, and basically anyone that is responsible for the safety and well-being of children should be required to take firearms safety and training courses, and designate certain classrooms to include a gun safe (preferably hidden) and a trained firearms user (aka the teacher that took his mandatory safety and proficiency training courses). This would also be the case for the main office, cafeteria, and gymnasiums. The problem with counting on police to handle the bad guys with guns is that, a lot of times, too much damage is done by the time they arrive and are able to help. If teachers were able and capable to take immediate action, many lives could be potentially saved. Not to mention, there would also be a benefit from just putting a system like this in place. Currently, all schools are "gun-free zones", meaning a psychopath with a gun knows that his only real threat is maybe the school's correctional office. So if you were a psychopath with firearms, which school would you rather target: A. Gun-free zone with single armed citizen until police respond to the scene. B. A school where you know the teachers have been trained to properly handle and use firearms, and that has X amount of gun safes throughout the building. Definitely might make you think twice about targeting option B.
Still seems to me like the having them dig the hole and shooting them method would be way more cost effective than the gas chambers would have been. Imagine how much more time and manpower it would have taken just to empty the bodies out of the gas chambers after every round of gassing. Now you've got to transport the bodies and still either bury them or cremate them. It's also surprising to hear that Zyklon B was significantly cheaper enough than bullets to prompt them to switch their mass genocide tactics completely. Now, if you had said bullets were more scarce/valued/demanded in Germany towards the end of the war (at a time when virtually all of their supply lines had been sabotaged and the entire country, SS included, were starving), that would have made much more sense. Edit: Spelling
You could start with trying not to be such an asshole.
Could you please, as rationally and calmly as possible, give me any evidence that supports the idea that Trump is "far worse" than Hitler? Or even comparable to Hitler's level of evil?
Couldn't have said it better myself.
You're mindset is harmful to America.
Well Amen to that bro! I could not agree more. But saying that a specific group of people, in any context, deserves to die is absolutely not a belief that anyone should have. Short of a specific group committing an act of violence directly against you or a loved one, that's at least slightly understandable. Do you personally know any Trump supporters? Or even just people that voted for him because Hillary was worse? What has "the right" ever actually done to you personally? The way you express hatred for Trump supporters is borderline disturbing (if you are being sincere and not trolling, that is). It sounds to me like you're right on the edge of understanding the real enemy, but are getting hung up on Trump supporters for some reason. I recommend taking that last little step over the edge.
Sorry for the story, but: Have you ever met Trump though? How can you have so much hatred for a person that you've never met? And here's the thing you seem to be missing... Trump is your best bet to bring down the whole system. Now, before you shut down that idea, think about this for a second. The MSM essentially is the establishment, right? They have completely become the unofficial 4th branch of the US Government. Agreed so far? Now why would the MSM/establishment/biggest doners fight so ridiculously hard for Hillary Clinton? Because she represents status quo. She represents the idea of keeping this filthy, corrupt, dysfunctional, and unequal system that we call "government" running as smoothly as possible. Trump on the other hand (maybe not the best guy, sure) is diving headfirst into the highest level of office obtainable, with promises of shaking things up within the system (draining the swamp, etc.). In order to combat his rise to power and try to prevent any swamp drainage from occurring, the MSM has continued their onslaught of anti-Trump propaganda at full clip, even having to stoop to levels of passing blatant lies off as truth (working with Russia, sexual assaults, etc.). Don't you think, if Trump really was this evil, racist, power-hungry billionaire, with no intentions of tackling corruption or helping improve the lives of the American people as a whole (not just Trump supporters), the establishment would accept him and not care all that much? Instead, we see the MSM doubling down on ridiculous claims, launching even more attacks, and further attempts to mislead the public about the future President of the United States. They are terrified. All of them. Politicians on the left and right. Corrupt big corporation execs. Media moguls. Oil tycoons. He is a threat. I really hope at least some of this reaches you next time you see the news shitting on Trump.
Again, we agree on something. The position is as ridiculous as the Queen of England. Now, I'm not for total abolition of government, as I feel it can serve a useful purpose for certain tasks. But yes, I completely agree that we need to dismantle a large majority of it. You see what I'm getting at here though? Our opinions seem to align on many of the issues we discussed, yet you have already pigeonholed me as a Trump supporter. To be clear, I support whatever candidate the establishment hates the most. In previous years it was Ron Paul. This time around it just so happened to be a pompous ass. I don't have to like the guy to like the idea of not having a god damn politician-lawyer in office.
First you talk about having enemies is harmful to America, then you say you feel Native American's deserve the land back, all the while only showing intense hatred for one political party? Makes absolutely zero sense to me man, you're all over the board here. And for what it's worth, I agree, the Native American's rightfully do deserve their land back. The extermination of the natives was far more appalling than the Holocaust, or the ethnic cleansing of Palestine... yet we celebrate it every year as a national holiday, complete with fictional stories about cooperation and giving between the natives and settlers. &gt;Youre a trump supporter, so you know what i think of you. So, are you saying that if someone isn't a staunch anti-Trumper, then you already know everything about them and wish for their death? Do I seem like a typical "Trump supporter" to you? I just don't get it.
1. It's at least a good thing that you don't watch the news, but it sounds like you're sources are still very much a part of the MSM machine. 2. Agreed, he probably won't end the system as it's allegedly "too big to fail". However, will he throw monkey wrenches throughout the gears of the system, and piss off a lot of powerful people? Totally possible, and that's at least a step in the right directions. 3. Still blaming him for using tax loopholes is how I know you're still very much getting your information from the MSM. He has talked at length about how one of his goals is to go after these ridiculous loopholes that only benefit the ultra wealthy. 4. He's 100% different than every single other candidate we have ever seen in this country. HE'S NOT A POLITICIAN. He's not a military serviceman. He's a business man. And I'm not even going to bother trying to explain to you the ways in which he is very successful (because you'll just give me the same 4 examples that the MSM hasn't stopped screaming about since 2015 i.e. Trump University, going bankrupt, not paying subs, etc.)
Completely agree. However, that does not mean that all teachers cannot still be required to at least attend a safety training course and even proficiency training. Obviously you wouldn't want to force the use of a firearm against a student/intruder on anyone. But they should all still at least learn, just in the name of preparation.
Interesting, I didn't realize it was a myth. I know that they had many Jewish "guards", some of whom treated the prisoners almost worse than the German soldiers. Talk about fucked up! Really does go to show you: &gt;Never underestimate the human drive to survive. Great quote.
But see, so am I. Could you explain to me what exactly it is I've said to earn the labels you're throwing at me? What have I said (in all of our conversations today) that makes me sound like a "broken brainwashed" person?
Well, again, I agree with just about everything you said haha. Except the claims about me believing in the system and being a cog. I have no faith in the system. Deep down, I know trump probably won't change much. I just think that if there's even a chance of him improving things, then I'll at least abstain from shitting on him like the rest of the country. And I despise the bullshit two party system, which is why I'm a registered Libertarian (didn't even vote for Trump!) That being said, how do you manage to live completely outside of "the system"? How do you survive? How do you avoid paying taxes? Many of us are forced to participate in this bullshit system, but hardly think it's an efficient or ethical way to live life. You've just gotta do the best you can with what you've got. And when shit hits the fan, I'll be standing right next to you with the militias of the American people. Just know, in the future, you can't always judge a book by its cover, even if that book says something that's pro-Trump haha.
This is how we all should view any "Breaking News" from the MSM. No ones saying it's fake, just suggesting to remain open minded as you absorb all of the facts that will be reported later. To assume this is real this early on in the story and with this little information is equally as absurd as believing it is fake this early on and with this little information.
Not even close. One is a grieving father of a young child who had been taken away from him earlier on that same day, and the other is a news anchor reporting on a sad story and most likely laughing at something that was said by someone in the control room. One had a severe emotional connection to the event, the other had none.
Oh I know exactly what video he was referring to. My point was that for Robbie Parker, that is incredibly suspicious and disturbing for him to be laughing at such a difficult time. The anchor on the other hand, had no emotional connection to the news she was reporting on. Her laughing could be from any number of reasons, most likely someone in the studio making a joke. To me, that is more likely than the idea that this story just made her so happy she couldn't contain herself.
Did... did you even read my post? I was very clear why these two cases are not the same thing.
What I want to know is where did the thumbnail picture for this post come from? The picture shows (what I assumed was some kind of "art display") what looks like a "kill room" with plastic covering the walls, blood splattered everywhere, and body parts on the table next to a knife. Every video posted in the comments as "mirrors" just link to videos that are old and have been seen before. Does anyone have any information on the actual video that was originally posted here with that thumbnail picture in it?
Then please explain to me what you are seeing, because I must be missing something.
Dude are you just arguing with me for the sake of arguing? The point is, the father's smiling and tearless statement about his son is **suspicious**. The anchor's smile before reporting the news story is completely irrelevant. Are you **suspicious** of her for anything? Do you think she's involved somehow? What does her smiling/laughing mean to you? I just feel the comparison is ridiculous.
This. So much this. Why can't everyone view our current situation like this? None of us have the answers... let's just wait and see what happens before freaking out and getting angry at everyone who disagrees with you.
You should try smoking weed. I hear it's great for treating paranoia. Edit: /s
I want to say I saw it somewhere on r/conspiracy, but I can't remember. I'll see if I can find it.
Must have hit the front page. You can usually tell once all the gold starts flying around.
Honestly, I'm just glad it wasn't with underage prostitutes or anything creepy sexual like that. Lots of people like getting pissed on though.
It happens often whenever we hit the FP. They'll go away eventually. Just try not to feed them.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Happy cake day, sir.
I always thought the self-replicating robots would come from another solar system, in an attempt by some other advanced civilization to try and "rid the cosmos" of any potential threats (aka all other lifeforms). The robots would just continue to duplicate and spread infinitely throughout the universe, consuming/destroying all organic lifeforms in their path. The idea that this would be started on our own planet, by our own government, is even more terrifying. Edit: spelling
His month-long information blackout due to his internet connection being cut was a big red flag that something might have been going on. It now seems like we have enough information to prove he is most likely fine, but to say that people's concerns for his safety and the continued legitimacy of WL were nothing but "creating elaborate theories with no evidence" is completely disingenuous. &gt;BUT GEE, I WONDER WHO WOULD HAVE SOMETHING TO GAIN BY REPEATEDLY SUGGESTING THAT WIKILEAKS CAN'T BE TRUSTED What would the government benefit more from (if they were capable)... A campaign to have people not believe in Wikileaks, or subverting WL and becoming the gatekeepers of a source with 100% accuracy rating, and an excellent honeypot for catching would-be leakers in the future? Not saying that these people were right, but I am saying that they were not "obvious shills" as you claim. In this case, it was indeed healthy skepticism.
You're still clearly missing his point. It's not pointless. It would add further support to the idea that he is indeed fine and not under duress. If these videos are being faked (not saying that they are, but it is still a possibility), then they may not have his PGP key, which means they wouldn't be able to verify that it's him. Just saying that it won't prove anything, and continuing to NOT post it is way more suspicious than him posting it for people to verify, regardless of it's reliability as proof of life.
Trump's position is similar to that of abortion, which is "Let the states decide". It's not like these cabinet picks will have full control to ban it everywhere, but I'm still not happy about this one. My state will be one of the last to come around. We still don't allow liquor sales outside of state-run establishments for christs sake!
&gt;when you have Senators and nearly every major news outlet confirming the confidence in the source by the CIA/FB Just like those WMD's in Iraq, right? Oh wait...
This is one of the most important issues in our government right now IMO. If this can be done, this would be massive.
During the inauguration is my guess. Big media spectacle live on air. Just like JFK. Edit: JFK was not killed live on air, just very publicly. However my previous statement still stands.
A post calling all conspiracy theorists the "dumbest people on the planet" gets 31 upvotes in a subreddit for conspiracy theorists? Yea, because that's organic and totally makes logical sense. /s Edit: Now up to 86 points, while I get downvoted into the negatives for pointing out the hypocrisy. Edit 2: 147 points now, and -1 for me. Almost out of the negatives now! This is absolutely ridiculous.
Because he's a part of the brainwashed majority. He's not here for real knowledge or learning or serious discussion, just here to push how "right" he is because he watches CNN.
&gt;people on this ~~sub~~ thread FTFY. The good regulars of this sub are not about that Cold War life, just the trolls that have invaded since hitting the FP
Better to have one instance of collapse, rebuilding, and recovery, rather than just keep going under this bullshit system that we know doesn't work properly for the people. Currently, we hit a sizable recession every 15-20 years due to the Feds control over the money supply. They can do this all they want, consolidating more and more power each cycle. We need to bite the bullet on this problem once, so we can chop the head off of the snake that is the Federal Reserve. If auditing the Fed would cause a crash, that means it would be a necessary crash, because they are just lying and bullshitting the public to allow it to run at all.
Which is why I originally said "established longtime" politician. The lower on the totem pole you are, the more expendable you are. The ones that get busted for corruption are the lower level peons. Very rarely do high level politicians get hit with corruption charges (charges that actually stick, anyway). Those big name politicians you've been hearing about on CNN and CSPAN for the last two decades? Yea, they aren't going down for anything less than video evidence of them murdering someone on the steps of the Capital.
You clearly don't come here very often. Posts are flaired like that regularly, for posts involving both sides of the isle. It was flaired "unverified allegations" because that's literally what it said in the article. Can't speak to the political motive of the mod that did it, but it's not like he was necessarily wrong for doing so.
Because fuck those "profitable companies". The only reason they are as profitable as they are is because they are practically robbing us consumers blind and "getting away with murder". Putting smarter regulations on the pharmaceutical industry is a good thing for the American people. The whole reason Obamacare is such a disaster is because the bill did nothing about the ridiculously inflated drug prices in America.
Yea there is, but find it yourself. I'm not doing the work for you because I don't really care that much. There were several creepy forums and posts on a boylovers thread or some shit like that, where they are clearly using (C)heese (P)izza as code for child porn. I don't know anything more than that.
&gt;I didn't think so. Anyone that uses this in an argument, immediately comes off sounding like an arrogant ~~prick~~ douche. Just for future reference. And duh, obviously you "didn't think so", because no one would. If he did that, then yea we can have a discussion about how this is a problem. But he didn't, he went after big pharma. About time someone with real political power did!
No, but I am implying that we may very well may see a change in how our government runs overall, under a Trump presidency. Not necessarily better or worse, but unconventional? Quite possible.
Or possibly he's just waiting until the 21st to actually call bullshit?
You're shitposting right now! You waste your time responding to this, but can't explain your own points that you made in other posts when asked to elaborate? Proof that you're not here for hopes of a constructive conversation, you're here to derail the conversation, and to shitpost.
Right?? I even put a disclaimer and still got downvoted! Edit: Love your username... They're killing me too
http://www.ancient-code.com/the-mysterious-waffle-rock-americas-ancient-boulder/
The 99% did have an option, but he was cheated out of the opportunity... and we can all thank Hillary for that.
If what you're saying is true, then do you have an explanation for why every globalist, politician, and MSM corporation are trying their absolute best to discredit, de-legitimize, and ultimately hinder Trump's rise to power? The only logical conclusion I can draw from it, is that he is a true threat to the status quo.
Now I would totally be in favor of THIS post getting it's own sticky. Couldn't have said it better myself!
Even if that were true, I don't see why it would even matter. You think sex parties/orgies are a rare thing in DC? Is anyone really shocked that a billionaire has participated in some of them? Now, if it's a sex party/orgy involving underage prostitutes, or even young children, then we would have something to seriously worry about. Otherwise, who gives a shit?
The thing that confirms this for me the most (and the thing that I've yet to hear a valid argument for) is that the "establishment", as a whole, is working so hard against him. Why would they do that if he was a "plant" or just another "puppet"?
#MarryMeAbbyMartin
Down to help moderate it. Check out my post history and let me know
Can't a guy dream? Let me dream damnit!
The sad thing is, even if Trump did try to take on the banks, he'd be JFK'd so fast his head would spin back and to the left.
Glad to see a comment like this getting upvotes. After hours r/conspiracy &gt; 9 to 5 r/conspiracy.
It would be a giant first step. I recommend you read up on why people like Ron Paul (and now his son) have been pushing for this to happen for decades. It is absolutely no way, a "ridiculously silly idea".
Climbey makes me overestimate my dyno abilities IRL
Especially funny coming from one of the most annoying/ignorant shills on here! He's actually the first user to be so obvious about it, that I finally learned how to use RES to label people as a trolls. Best to just not argue with them.
Much of the evidence is deemed classified, thanks to laws that were put in place both BEFORE and after the SH shooting took place. The law before had to do specifically with the release of evidence for crimes involving minors. Just another sketchy piece of the puzzle.
If you want to go with a ridiculous answer like that, then sure. How about a day when your insurance company can charge you higher premiums because you purchased cigarettes, or sugary foods, or McDonalds, or alcohol, etc. The point is, it may not be useful to many people right now, but it could serve a greater purpose in the future.
...for now, while cash is still a thing in this country. That's all I'm trying to get at really. Not to mention, even with its current instability, I still think investing in bitcoin is a smart idea, as it will likely hold relatively stable if the dollar were to collapse.
Way to add something constructive to the conversation. /s
&gt;they'd have over 50% of the world's operation... As opposed to what though? That's where we're heading already anyway. Bitcoin would at least be a truly independent, international currency, valued the way currencies are supposed to be valued.
You removed the post that reached 459 points on the FP, because of three other posts with the same link, all under 39 points? I hardly call that a "recent POPULAR duplicate".
Could you please direct me to the one that is more popular than this one? I'm trying to get some information out of the comment sections.
&gt;Greenwich Representative Town Meeting board member... GOP politician? Hardly.
Not really. Only good for small bits and pieces of information that you can use as reference points of things to look into further.
&gt;"Your honor, this guy is a creep. Look at these pictures from the internet." I believe you're conflating a trial with an investigation. One does not require a lot of concrete evidence to initiate, the other does. Are you aware there is a difference? You can be investigated because of a minor error on your tax returns, or because you look slightly like someone else who is wanted for a crime. Bringing an investigation to trial requires legitimate evidence, and enough of it to convince a jury. See the difference?
Happens to the best of us.
You strike me as a person that has never listened to a conservative radio talk show or media outlet in your life, so please tell me, who exactly is promoting this idea? The only place I've heard this idea being spread, is by the LIBERAL MSM telling everyone that this is what conservatives think. Every single conservative and/or Trump supporter that I've ever met knows that not being "PC" doesn't mean you can illegally grope women. Not being PC to them just means thinking the 628 gender pronouns and sexually identifying as a toaster is just utter nonsense.
From who? Actual real world Trump sopporters? Or MSNBC telling you how Trump supporters are doing that?
Looks exactly like the display in the lobby of that one Black Mirror episode!! She even does the same thing, swipes it with her hand and they all scatter then rearrange themselves! Season 3, episode 6 I believe. Edit: Yep, it is http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfWV_hUgpVE&amp;t=36m55s
David Rockefeller
Collective access to all the officers body cameras could catch too much of the setup for a FF. Even though they'd probably just refuse to release any of the ones that showed anything importantly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GZFHLAcG8A Edit: I came back just to show you this, as I'd like to get your opinion. This is by far the most reasonable breakdown of why people are still talking about this theory. Try going into it with as open as a mind as you can, and let me know what you think.
Completely agree. IMO, anything that is widely reported by our MSM is fishy AF to me. We all can see what happens to the real information that they don't want us to know about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GZFHLAcG8A
I can see that. Let me ask you this though, do you think there is even the tiniest chance that some form of illegal activity is taking place either at one of these locations, or with one of the main people being accused?
Totally reasonable viewpoint, thank you for your response. Edit: This is not /s
I just feel that if police in this country can open up an investigation on your everyday American with nothing more than an "anonymous tip" that you are doing something illegal, then it is completely ridiculous to claim that nothing exposed so far is evidence enough to at the very least investigate. But because this guy is the "49th Most Powerful Man in Washington", instead the cries for an investigation are met with a patronizing claim that that is just "fake news", and there is no need to investigate these innocent restaurant owners. I don't know, the whole thing just smells like a cover-up to me. And the fact that DCMP told the public that they looked into it and concluded it false, when they really never even investigated it, is even more sketchy. Edit: I'm also very open to the idea that it could just as likely not be sex trafficking, but still be some other form of coded illegal activity. Either way, an investigation could easily be conducted at this point.
Try looking deeper into any area of study deemed by the mainstream as "pseudoscience". "pseudoscience" = "We (academics) don't like your idea because it contradicts a lot of this information that we already have and we refuse to change" Pseudoscience is to the scientific community, as "conspiracy theory" is to the government/media.
It's not a secret... They are all literally out to get him. By "they" I mean the MSM, and anyone that watches/listens/reads the MSM.
Fingers crossed!
Obviously no child sex ring would be the ultimately preferred outcome. My fingers are crossed because if there IS an elite child sex ring (which all signs point to existing), then I sure as shit hope that every single one of those POS is brought down by a Wikileaks release.
The Watchers?
Lol enjoy your downvotes for speaking the truth!
How about the fact that the exact same logo appears in the music video of a creepy band that frequently performs at CPP?
He won't. He's not here for knowledge, he's here to feel superior.
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/franklincoverupexcerpt.shtml
Neither is your trolling.
You joke, but I wouldnt be surprised if that is the true endgame to all the "Russian hacking" nonsense. What happens when "Russian hackers" put child porn on every single computer in DC? The waters are instantly muddied, and everybody becomes innocent.
Are you aware of what just happened with the South Korean President?
Sadly, half of the country would be super happy, including the media, that I think they would just spin the story to be some "lone wolf", and everyone screaming that it was the government will just be discredited. We've all seen what happens when the MSM wants a narrative pushed...
As has been glaringly obvious with the whole "Russian hacking" nonsense, as long as the MSM keeps saying something, it really doesn't matter how many Trump supporters don't believe them. Doesn't matter if they have proof. Eventually, the un-awoken masses will buy whatever narrative they sell them.
Because that "corporate donor class" was pushing SOOO hard for him to defeat Hillary, right? Get real. I'm not even saying that you're necessarily wrong, but to say that at this point with essentially zero clue about how these next few years are going to go, is just your partisan mentality getting the best of you.
Lol wait seriously?
"I've instructed my AG to immediately begin the prosecution of Crooked Hillary Clinton. #MAGA"
Gaming seems to be the biggest common connection that I've seen.
So you never look at your screen? Fascinating
This is definitely interesting. Just another "coincidence" adding to the massive list of shit we still just can't prove.
See, here's the problem. The thing that I am most skeptical about more than anything at this current moment in time, is the Main Stream Media. They just spent the last year lying their asses off trying to prop up one of the worst presidential candidates imaginable, while simultaneously propping up the three candidates Hillary had the best chance against, Ted Cruz, Ben Carson, and President Trump. Then, after they successfully got Trump the nomination, continued to demonize him via every form of media at an unprecedented level, while refusing to cover any of the ridiculousness that was the DNC's entire 2016 presidential race. So forgive me if I'm skeptical of your "skepticism". I think we all need to collectively chill the fuck out for a few weeks and see what happens. Personally, I liked his message at the inauguration, and I like how he handled Obamacare (didn't fully remove it) and TPP. Two things we would not have seen under a Clinton presidency. I'm so tired of people coming to this sub with accusations that "isn't this sub supposed to be skeptical of our government??!??" Yea, as far as I've seen so far, the establishment fucking lost. If that starts to change, I'll be the first one to call bullshit. But for now, there's way too much hate for anyone to even believe this could work.
How can you just change it to "secret soda" without changing the meaning of the movie?
The point is, the media has so thoroughly presented the guy as the most terrible human being imaginable, an inconceivably racist and misogynistic white man that is unfit to serve as president. This was the persona they created for him for months, so now that he has won, millions of women are outraged that this demon is now their leader. Have you ever met the President? Has 99.8% of the women marching ever met him? No? Then everything that you think about him is a construction of media. "But I can just SEE what he said for myself!!!! They are HIS words that the media is repeating!!!" blah blah blah. Out of context quotes seem to contradict his personality compared to EVERYONE that meets him. I know I'm wasting my breath, and you're just going to downvote me with all 5 of your accounts, but at least I tried. I'm not supporting Trump. I'm supporting whatever is worse for the establishment. And right now, at this moment, he has yet to do ANYTHING that the establishment is in favor of. As soon as he does, I'll grab my pitchfork.
&gt;His team has consistently communicated with Russia Is it such a bad thing that we avoid another Cold War? Edit: Oh I'm sorry, I get now that you are in the "Trump is a Russian puppet" camp.
Would you be opposed to that?
&gt;downvoting all dissenting opinions with my 100s of accounts That is literally exactly what you do. Very smart accusing others of doing it before they suspect you!
https://redditcommentsearch.com/ Check out u/alllie post history. Starts 22 days ago... with a post in r/conspiracy calling out someone else as a shill. LOL!
Your 9 year history is BS. You first started commenting 22 days ago. Anything before that is you spamming anti-Trump articles all over Reddit. It's not hard to physically go back and see this. Well, it's a little difficult, because even though it's only 22 days of reddit history, you do quite a lot of Trump bashing every day.
No, your COMMENTS only go back 22 days. After that, it continues to go back another couple months of shitpost after shitpost on r/conspiracy r/news and r/politics, with just enough random posts so that people don't catch on to your sole motive. The only one pretending here is you.
It does that when reddit successfully identifies a troll account.
Sounds like you are the one that doesn't understand reddit. &gt;it's because Reddit will only show you 1000 comments/posts. Ten pages. Funny, where'd you pull this bullshit information out of?
&gt;You are arguing about something that is meaninglsss Funny, that was my exact thought after reading your comment.
I like this quote a lot.
Same here. That's the most terrifying part! Just because the guy hasn't done anything as of yet that I didn't like, doesn't mean I'm a blind follower. But if the liberal shitposting continues, I'll be likely to miss it when/if that time comes.
I was just trying to **help** find a potential solution! Lol, but seriously, touche sir. I agree with you.
This is one conspiracy I wish was discussed much more on this sub. Not only do people not discuss it often, but a lot of people still tend to look at it with the same dismissive stance they have on Sandy Hook or Pizzagate (both of which are sketchy, and far from "fake news"). The Boston Marathon bombing has so many ridiculous holes, lies, mysterious deaths, and many other abnormalities that all raise the false flag alarms. If you have yet to look into it, I highly suggest that you do. Although, the longer you wait, the less evidence you will eventually be able to find. Look what happens if you go back through r/conspiracy for good videos and articles about the BMB, what will you find? Video after video "no longer available", and article after article removed from the website. Same goes for Sandy Hook for that matter.
r/conspiracy remains critical of power, especially the MSM. Sorry for not pushing your anti-Trump agenda hard enough, but I'm still trying to get over all the lies the media tried to tell me for the last year. So excuse me if I don't jump at the chance to parrot the Trump-bashing talking points plastered all over NBC CNN ABC CBS etc.
If you are inferring that the media was fair to Trump this past election, then we have nothing further to discuss, as that would very clearly imply which of us is "more objective". See, here's the biggest problem that the left doesn't get. If they continue covering the President with this absurd level of hate/criticism/disdain, and going after him for the trivial bullshit they have been complaining about, then a lot of people aren't going to be paying attention when they cover a story that actually matters! You muddy the waters enough with "He's a Russian puppet!" and "He paid prostitutes to piss on him!" and "Grab her by the pussy!", then no one will listen to you if he starts stripping American's of their rights, or starting a war with China, or ya know, real problems.
&gt;I dont care if they were fair or not. You are the one not being objective because you feel as though he was treated unfairly, you are giving him a pass. What? This literally makes no sense to me. Giving him a pass? For what? And you don't care if they treated him fair or not? What? As for Obama, yea, I watched that entire shit show too. As he was praised and cheered into the presidency, and then given a Nobel Peace Prize for authorizing more drone strikes than anyone else in history, while the MSM remains silent. &gt;Christ listen to you. At least someone is, because you sure as hell aren't. My point is, both sides need to be watched carefully and OBJECTIVELY. That is impossible from happening when 98% of all media leans to the left, and constantly projects their biases into the reporting.
Are you claiming that the media does not lean left? Because otherwise my statement cannot possibly be doublethink. A better example would be: &gt; Im all for fairness but the logic of counteracting some injustice is stupid and it leads to people making excuses for him when they otherwise shouldnt. Like, what? The only time you'll find someone like me "making excuses" for him is when he's being unfairly treated by the media. If he starts trying to pull shit over on the American people, then by all means shout it loud and clear on every media station available. Instead, we have a system that has created so much hate for our sitting president who hasn't even really done anything that bad yet, that half of this country is almost hoping for him to fail. Even when he does something good (like finally ending TPP) the level of hate is so high that the opposing side refuses to even say, "Ok well yea, I do like that". Edit: added a comma after Like
He should at least give Assange a pardon and a Pulitzer
Commenting to read all this ridiculously helpful information later. Thanks!
Just for the sake of argument, is there any possible explanation that could explain the statement? Either typo or a different meaning? If that's the sole reason all these people are calling it a hoax, I'd like to at least try and analyze the odd statement before dismissing the entire document.
But if you even try to point that out to them, or saying anything other than believing the report is 100% real, you are immediately labeled as a troll for T_D and downvoted to hell. Sad day when politics has become so ridiculously polarized that there becomes no such thing as common ground. You're either with us, or your with THEM.
First off, "Dubbya" was most likely just a useful idiot. Cheney is suspected to be the real mastermind. Second, did it ever occur to you that the Bill Clinton scandal was created and promoted by TPTB for something he did? Pissed off the wrong people, tried to changes things too much, etc. The fact that the only evidence was a cum-stained dress that Monica saved for exactly that reason screams honeypot to me, rather than just some idiot of got caught. Third, a 10,000 man operation is a completely made-up number. But regardless of that, are you implying that our government is incapable of performing covert operations without controlling the operatives or the information that they share with the public?
What makes you think an "insane" amount of people had to be in on it? How many of them would have been high level government employees vs how many of them would have been regular people? There are people coming clean. This lady was a CIA asset that was arrested for speaking up. And the reason you have never heard her story, is because our government job does a fantastic job at making sure you never see it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxFYPpObtog Our government still officially maintains that JFK was assassinated by a "lone wolf" named Lee Harvey Oswald, despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary... you really think they can't keep big secrets?
How about that fact that arguably 90% of the country doesn't even know a third tower fell on that day????? Like what?
Snopes is about as reliable as Esquire or CNN.
And this lady! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxFYPpObtog
Seriously, what is this r/politics?
Conspiracy theories arise out of one thing, a lack of information/transparency. A massive portion of relevant evidence from 9/11 was withheld from the public, like the black boxes of 3 of the planes, security camera footage of the Pentagon, security footage of a single hijacker boarding a plane, the physical remains of the building (aka the evidence) was hastily removed from ground zero and was quickly disposed of. The cherry-picked facts and leaps of logic are exactly how you ended up believing in the official story, because you didn't question your government. And you have the nerve to come here and tell us that our ideas are stupid? Questioning your government is far from stupid.
Could you please explain why his story is wrong with a little more detail? I believe you know what you're talking about, but your statement about the energy transmission laws has got me confused.
Wow, it's absolutely amazing how many times I see this exact same uninformed reasoning as an explanation for why the official story is true.
You literally didn't respond to a single word of my comment. You just made your own assertion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxFYPpObtog What about people like this? She's been speaking out, but I'd bet my house that you've never seen this seminar. My point is, just because you don't think there are people speaking out about this, doesn't make it true. Half of the cover-up effort is preventing leaks, and the other half is addressing any of the leaks that do. Whether it be suppressing the information, discrediting it, or murdering the leaker.
&gt;Do you see what the problem is? The entire theory relies on baseless assumptions You are the one making most of the baseless assumptions here, beginning with &gt;The incident was unremarkable to the witnesses and nobody made a connection until now. Comments about this by other redditers seem to indicate such maintenance is not common. So surely someone would have pointed out the suspicious timing of this incident already? Just because this is the first time you are hearing about it, doesn't mean that people haven't made this connection before. I'd heard about this many years ago.
&gt;Wouldn't there have been some evidence? Wires, detonators, residue, etc.? This is a whole different topic all together. The cleanup effort was incredibly sketchy, not to mention hastily done. Look into it further. &gt;At least 1 person would have said something. At least 1 person has said something. Actually a lot of people have. But part of the cover-up effort, is covering up any leaks as well. Here is one for example, ex-CIA asset. Listen to the first 30 minutes of her story, and decide for yourself if you think she is completely lying and telling a made up story, or if she's telling the truth. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxFYPpObtog
I'd argue that there is no longer such a thing as a "reliable" source. In order to properly inform yourself, you must try and gather the views of both sides of any topic, and analyze each side's arguments based on merit, supporting evidence, and basic logic. Which sucks, because most people barely have time to stay "informed" from their go-to news sites, let alone aggregate news from everyone and draw conclusions accordingly. Easiest way to do this is to at the very least, verify the sources of whichever MSM corporation you choose. Try to get as close to the primary source as possible. For example, if you're reading about a recent study that says X and Y, go read the study that they link to, rather than what some random journalist's opinion on the study says.
&gt;and only answers to the President? If they even would have to answer to the President... Or if the President even knows about them...
Who do you think is conducting a larger propaganda and misinformation campaign in the US, Russia or the US?
&gt;I was using their as a possessive to point that it's their victim complex I'm pretty sure that's not how that works. You could have said "Their narrative that THEY'RE using to push..." A good way to test if you're using Their properly, is to replace *their* with *our*. If the sentance still makes sense, then you're good. &gt;It's a narrative ~~their~~ *our* using to push their r/The_Donald victim complex narrative Just saying.
Do you have a problem with that?
Nothing wrong with speculating that these mass shootings are potential FFs until proven otherwise, rather than just believe what they are telling you is true from the get go.
Haha and I'd say that the US propaganda campaign is the one telling you to worry about the Russian's propaganda campaign, therefore, the US one seems to be winning. Not saying either of us is right or wrong. But that is how I currently see things.
Everything is a Rich Man's Trick Edit: https://youtube.com/watch?v=U1Qt6a-vaNM
Ahh I now think I get what you mean after seeing another users response to your first comment. Just seemed a little out of the blue from the OP. Sorry for being vague.
&gt;They've all got so much dirt on each other, nobody's game enough to prosecute. This is the biggest problem with the massive sweeping surveillance systems like the NSA/CIA/FBI have. Good luck trying to reign in the power of any of the alphabet agencies when they can literally get dirt on ANYONE they want. And if they can't find any dirt on you, they can always just kill you instead...
Try doing what people on bicycles do... Just yell "On your left!" Then you quickly pass them at twice their speed before anything gets awkward.
Someone should really open this and tell us all what's inside...
Twitter is giving me an error. Did anyone archive it?
Wouldn't surprise me one bit. Although, if this isn't a hoax and some verifiable evidence is released that connects Rich to Wikileaks, I am going to laugh even harder. It's the lynchpin that the entire Russian hacking narrative is based on.
Lol, I'm sure they are /s
Wait, what about Rainman?
I'm not happy about it. Especially when this story is a non-issue until further evidence is presented. I was "spoofing" my caller ID since 2008. It's terrifyingly easy to do.
No need for gilding a post to discredit it when the sources they listed were CNN, ~~NBS~~ NBC, ABC, Washington Post, etc. The post discredits itself (on this subreddit anyway, becasue people are smart enough to know better than to blindly parrot what the MSM tell you).
Not agreeing with a BS agreement like this has absolutely nothing to do with being pro-Trump.
Try spamming this same exact comment a few more times, that should help. Edit: /s
I think both of your statements hold true. Yes they didn't have the appropriate weapons (or other means) to enforce the law, but they also aren't technically required to protect you in that situation AFIK (is there a Hippocratic oath for police?) Either way, what we really need to be careful of are the solutions they'll propose to "help prevent something like this in the future", because you know it damn sure isn't going to be arm the police. Much more likely to be things like more surveillance, police checkpoints at large public places, etc.
Dear god, what I would do to see what is in those emails... obviously there's shit on there so damning that it was worth the risk of wiping them with bleachbit after being subpoenaed for them. Guess we will just have to wait and see. Even if this is true, my hope in the FBI actually doing anything with them is still very low.
None of that has anything to do with where my hope is placed. As I said in my first post, we'll have to wait and see if any part of this story holds up (doubt it). But I very much still want to see what's in those emails.
LOL I was thinking more CIA, but what you said was way funnier. Took me a second to get it
I'm more scared of this than I am of terrorists.
"Let's Get it Started" was an officially released and more PC version of the song in 2004. https://www.quora.com/Why-did-the-Black-Eyed-Peas-re-record-Lets-Get-Retarded-to-Lets-Get-It-Started-and-remove-the-epilepsy-reference Removing a line about the CIA being terrorists at a benefit concert for an act of terrorism is certainly interesting, but not at all surprising either. Wonder if they made the decision themselves, or if they were "asked" to.
Life insurance.
The asbestos is far more surprising than the condition of the exterior. Edit: spelling
If any post should be stickied, it's THIS one. Everyone who is here should be united in this cause.
That's the whole point.
Sadly, most people are so anti-Trump that they can't even see that what he's doing here is a GOOD thing for the US. But rather than actually look into it for themselves, they just listen to the news tell them how stupid Trump is and that he doesn't believe in global warming. This is only the second thing that Trump has done that I really agree with. The first being officially pulling out of the TPP. Edit: I'm not saying that he never said he doesn't believe in global warming, I'm saying that is not the (admitted, anyway) reason for him pulling out, so bringing it up on the news is misleading and simply conjecture.
&gt;How is destroying the earth GOOD for the US? This could not be further from what I said. If you think that renegotiating the Paris agreement is "destroying the earth", then you must have no idea what you're talking about. No where did anyone say they are down for destroying the earth, including Trump. Renegotiating a shitty deal is GOOD fro the US. Trump never said he was pulling out and never signing anything, and wants us to keep destroying the earth. All he did was recognize a shit deal (not surprising for a life-long businessman) and say that we no longer agree to the terms until a new agreement is reached.
Agreed, but did he ever state that as the reason for pulling out of the Paris agreement? No. Therefore, the MSM using (admittedly his own words) in this case is dishonest and intentionally misleading. Edit: spelling
But when the government does it, it's called "neutralizing an enemy of the state".
This. Also so they can gain support for locking down the internet in order to "prevent terrorists from having a safe space". FUUUUUUCK YOU, keep your damn hands off our internet freedoms.
Problem. Reaction. Solution. It's an age old method of population control. First you create (or facilitate) a problem, the public then reacts in anger and fear, then the government proposes new measures to "increase the security of the citizens" aka strip away more freedoms and give the government more control. I find it shocking that more people aren't at least skeptical when they hear about a new terrorist attack. Very few people here are shouting "IT'S 100% A FALSE FLAG!!!!". But remaining skeptical while examining the story is much better than believing that it's 100% real right off the bat and getting sucked into the emotional reaction that TPTB are looking for.
If I see one more person here try to parrot the same bullshit that they're currently saying at CNN or The Washington Post, I'm going to lose my shit. Meanwhile, if you try to question those people, you immediately become a "pro-Trump alt-right fascist Russian bot shill" because you disagree with the MSM. Seriously, fuck this place anymore.
You can't spell
&gt;That does NOT mean "the CIA can put anyone's fingerprints on anything" Sorry sir, but you are 100% incorrect. &gt;The CIA’s Remote Devices Branch’s UMBRAGE group collects and maintains a substantial library of attack techniques ‘stolen’ from malware produced in other states including the Russian Federation. &gt;With UMBRAGE and related projects the CIA cannot only increase its total number of attack types but also misdirect attribution by leaving behind the “fingerprints” of the groups that the attack techniques were stolen from. https://wikileaks.org/ciav7p1/ Edit: To be fair, u/verello is correct that they can't do it for ANYONE. But they 100% CAN do it for several types of Russian techniques.
&gt;Let me educate you a bit.... Maybe more people would listen to you if you were less of a condescending douche about it. Edit: That being said, what did you mean by: &gt;and can last for hours or even days in a distinct formation What kind of distinct formation are you talking about?
I was mainly taking issue with your statement that I quoted. Which means the only thing we are arguing about here is your use of the words "anyone" and "anything", in which case I agree you are correct. Edit: Actually, I just now noticed that you were correcting the guy above you, not saying that they aren't capable of doing it at all. My apologies.
Doubling down on being a condescending douche, eh?
Ok, then my question to you is; what about the "contrails" that turn from a tic-tac-toe pattern to a completely hazy overcast covering the entire area of the trails? Is this something that can be explained and demonstrated in these distinct formations? Asking you honestly, because I'm no specialist like you seem to be, but I have heard other specialists say that's not normal for condensation trails.
Does anyone have a legitimate argument that contradicts this quote? It's a great quote, but I have no basis to verify anything he said. But I've had the exact same thought before while looking up at the sky. Multiple planes will be visibly 10,000 or 20,000 feet lower than one another, and all have persistent trails. With my limited knowledge, that doesn't make any sense.
Thank you for doing this, I was having trouble seeing exactly what OP was talking about. Now it's staring me right in the face! Looks like an intentional obfuscation to me.
http://fotoforensics.com/analysis.php?id=0294b85cd8141f06781945ae0a30d016a18f35e3.7058545&amp;fmt=ela Very interesting. Edit: Check out the crazy weird symbol at the very top left of the photo (right where the cliff starts) and a tiny bit to the right from photo's edge. Can't tell if it's a symbol or a pixelation.
&gt;Man, what a reply. You're the type of person I want to grab a beer with. My feelings towards pretty much everyone in this thread right now.
So many great responses here, everyone seems to have already said anything I could add. One thing I haven't seen though is people making the connection to which groups would benefit from improved relations with Russia, and which groups would suffer. It would make sense for people like Trump (and his many friends in the private sector, mainly real estate) to be in favor of doing business with Russia, as there are probably MANY mutually beneficial business deals (real estate, resources, cooperation in other areas, etc.) that can be made between our countries. On the other hand, you have TPTB, who are mainly motivated by the control of fossil fuel markets (and maintaining the strength of the petrodollar), and the Military-Industrial Complex. Both of these would face a serious potential threat if Russia and America were able to finally put the Cold War to an end (because, apparently, it's very much still going on). Not to mention, it would lessen tensions with pretty much every other "enemy" CNN tells us we have, since most of them are just proxy enemies, except maybe North Korea (why do we still hate Cuba again?) Personally, I don't think Russia meddled in this election any more than they have for the last 15 elections. The Russian theory being concocted to justify the Dems' loss and delegitimization Trump's win seems like a much more plausible idea. Did Russia support Trump? Yea, probably. But only because he knew Hillary and her group (and I don't mean democrats) had raging war boners for Russia, and we're beating that drum before the election even started. Idk, just some of my thoughts. Didn't do too much thinking m, so if anyone sees something they don't agree with, please let me know. Great post OP, really wish posts like this didn't get buried. Especially compared to all the absolute bull shit that rises to the top here.
Thank you for doing this! Didn't have time when I posted earlier.
Haha thanks, I feel the same way about your OP. I couldn't agree more that this shit is absolutely fascinating to me.
I try, but I never end up going back to my saves until way later. If I comment, I'll see it the next time I check out my karma
I'm pretty sure either of those can get you either of those haha.
We need more people like you
Thanks for the link, but it doesn't address the simultaneous persistent trails at significantly different altitudes. That's what I'm wondering about the most.
I'm pretty well versed on both sides of this debate. Not totally sure what you mean there about the patterns being a distraction. Could you please elaborate?
&gt; rucking Wow, I'm totally going to start doing this. Never knew it had a name. Thanks!
Yes, but I'm talking about simultaneously. I don't think anyone is arguing that they can't happen at different altitudes. It's when they are occurring at the same time at different altitudes which I find interesting and would like clarification for.
Downvoted for speaking the truth I guess?
LOLOLOL Did you just legitimately try to use Snopes as your source?? That shit may pass as legitimate over on r/politics, but people here know better.
Not so much stupid, but "willfully ignorant"
Are you really naive enough to not think Google would quickly and quietly revert their algorithm once people started calling them out on it? Then all they'd have to do is get a BS "news" outlet like snopes or Huffington post to write an article "proving" that those pesky conspiracy theorists were wrong, and mindless Americans such as yourself will just defend them because they told you to. Nothing in that Snopes article proves anything besides what Google says they do. Your blind trust is telling.
Wow, you literally didn't address my point at all. You just restated the same cookie cutter response that you did the first time. I don't give a shit what the vote totals say, everyone seeing this thread knows which one of us is full of shit.
Apparently my qualifications are better than yours, because that's one weak ass excuse for why the FBI decided to trust a third party's report rather than look into a national security risk themselves. &gt;And nah, /r/conspiracy is not your echo chamber you are dead wrong about that too. Yea no shit, that was very obviously sarcasm. Seriously, what the fuck are you doing here?
Interviewer: "So Alex, you did it! How insanely crazy was that?!" Alex: "I mean, it was pretty chill, I guess." (probably) God I fucking love this guy
I refuse to play any table game at any casino that uses an automatic-shuffle machine. Same goes for the automated roulette tables, and any slot machines. I'm supposed to just trust you that these easily gameable electronic devices are legitimate and that you want me to have the best chance possible to take away from your profits? Fuck outta here.
Finally, something all of us can come together against. It's amazing how "conspiracy" minded the rest of reddit becomes whenever the topic of free and open internet is brought up. I love seeing everyone agree on things I agree with for a change.
Not speaking to any other point besides the one u/ducttapehampster said about Penn State being a cult, he is absolutely right. It is very cult like, much more so than any other school I've every seen. 50% of my high school went to Penn State, and nearly every one of them exhibited the same changes in behavior and maintain a level of school pride that rivals most religions.
There's plenty of reasons people might be interested, a big one being the hole it would put in the Russia hacking narrative. Or the reverse happens, and they prove he was mugged with surveillance tape, then that would lend a lot of credit to the Russia hacking investigation. My point is, being vocal about supporting the investigation into his death isn't inherently right, nor is it inherently pro-Trump.
As much as I love this place, I could not agree more.
That's fair, there is a lot of that going on. But for all the partisan fear porn, there's also a lot of good work being done connecting other dots.
But for some reason, if you question the time they used that number in WW2 you're an anti-Semitic revisionist promoting nonsense conspiracy theories...
Never even knew there was any comedic value in getting chickens!
Clitcoin?
You're describing the difference between a hoax and a false flag. A false flag is an event that happens under false pretenses, or the narrative is shaped by the media to fit an agenda. A hoax is essentially the same thing, but with an event being staged rather than actually happening. Two biggest theories for hoaxes are Sandy Hook and the Boston Marathon (which if legitimately looked into, using he right sources, both are extremely interesting cases).
Am I the only one that has a problem with calling vanilla ice cream "milk"?
You are very mistaken sir, the leading conspiracy theory behind SH is a hoax, as in no one died, except maybe Adam Lanza (if such a person ever really existed at the time). Plenty of evidence out there to support the idea, too. The really good stuff just gets harder and harder to find each year. Edit: Wow, so many downvotes, yet only one comment asking for more information, and nothing else? Typical for this topic. People just try to downvote you without actually challenging the ideas and supporting evidence. Even here in r/conspiracy.
I can send you some links when I get to a computer, but in the meantime just go watch We Need to Talk About Sandy Hook on YouTube. Some of it has bull shit arguments that had been legitimately debunked, and some of it raises serious questions that are routinely ignored and dismissed, and anyone asking gets lumped in with the "crazy conspiracy theorists".
I have to disagree with you here. Some of the arguments presented seemed reasonable at the time, but further investigation proved that they were incorrect. Nothing in the video is intentionally fed as bullshit, hence why I felt the need to give the watcher a warning that not all presented arguments still hold water. Others still do. Do you dismiss CNN and NBC and New York Times and Washington Post completely because they have gotten things wrong in the past, aka spread bull shit?
&gt; just pointing out ad hominem. Appreciate it, as that's exactly what it was. It's ridiculous how many downvotes you get whenever your start raising questions about Sandy Hook, yet no one will ever try to rationally argue why they don't believe it was a conspiracy. Instead, you just get lame ass ad hominem attacks and MSM talking points, which then get 10+ upvotes even if it's deep in a thread. Without fail. Very strange.
This was my first thought the second I saw that theory gain traction. (However, if we live in a simulation, then the flat earth theory makes perfect sense, so I still don't rule it out completely. Just like 99.2%)
&gt;Those people are insane and cruel You cannot possibly lump together an entire group of people based on the actions of a very small few of the "insane and cruel". Is harassing the families cool? Fuck no. Is the theory that it didn't happen insane, and therefore everyone who believes it insane as well? Fuck no. If the town, state, or even private businesses ins some cases would just release some BASIC evidence that most of the time should be public info anyway, then many (if not all) of these theories would go away. The problem is, they just hide behind the victims and say it's too painful for them to release that information, so we're not going to. Then the family is subjected to some "insane and cruel" treatment by people that want more evidence, which could have totally been avoided if they had just allowed public records to be seen by the public! That event is one of the sketchiest conspiracy theories I've ever seen. It has the most inconsistencies, blatant examples of censorship and concealing evidence, and glaring irregularities that have led so many people to question it. To dismiss all of that and all people who entertain the idea just because you don't agree with it is "insane". I know I'll probably get downvoted like crazy for this, but I cannot stand seeing how unfairly this topic is treated even in a GOD DAMN CONSPIRACY SUB. People calling the idea crazy get hundreds of upvotes, and anyone saying it has some merit gets downvoted to the negatives.
Still though, can't release a single shot of anything? Kids being evacuated, Lanza pulling up in the parking lot, police entering the school, NOTHING??? (Do you want a lot of conspiracy theories? Because that's how you get a lot of conspiracy theories.) Please name me one other mass shooting where they undoubtedly had surveillance video, yet not a single frame was released to the public (actually asking, because now I'm curious if there is a precedent for this).
&gt;"facts" You seem like a totally open-minded person that is actually looking for information that may change your view on an issue, and isn't at all condescending. /s
How is it disgusting? Because it's cruel to do to the families? What if this argument is exactly what they knew they would be able and planned to hide behind? Is it still cruel if the families were complicit in deceiving the entire world? While I am strongly against going after any of the families personally, we shouldn't be forced to not ask any questions because it might hurt their feelings. But with the incredible lack of evidence that this event occurred as we were told, there's no doubt that people are going to come up with their own theories about what happened. If that's painful for the families, that's fine, just don't read them. Don't pay any attention to them. Don't try to argue with them unless you plan on providing evidence that has not been released before and would actually answer some of their questions. Instead, we have the entire MSM (and even the entire conspiracy community apparently) saying that even asking questions is cruel or "disgusting". No one who questions this event is a "foul human being" like you've stated. Maybe the people that go to the families in their personal lives and shout insults at them and call them liars are foul human beings, but people simply ASKING QUESTIONS does not in any way make them a foul human being.
Hundreds of witnesses? Where are you getting that idea from? Just because hundreds of people were on the scene after the event occurred doesn't mean they witnessed anything. Not even EMT's were allowed inside the building to physically witness the victims. All but 2 children were pronounced dead before even leaving the school. There is so much about this event that does not make sense, that I can't even begin to explain how they would keep it quiet without a lot of background (which if you are legitimately interested in, PM me). But to answer your question, Pearl Harbor seems to be pretty well covered up still...
Great addition to the conversation! Your contribution is greatly appreciated. /s This is the kind of shit I'm talking about, what purpose does your response serve besides to try and create the idea that anyone who believes this is "off their rocker"? Absolutely nothing. You didn't offer any counter arguments, or reference anything I addressed, or ask a single question to try and at least see where I'm coming from. Nope, just call me crazy and move on. That's the right way to have a discussion.
Which would make sense if this held true to essentially every other mass-murder or terrorist attack. And while I agree they shouldn't show it on the news and "glorify" it, that's not an excuse to withhold it in any form whatsoever. Also, if they wanted the conspiracy theorists to go away, all they would have to do is release SOMETHING that they've already deemed classified, and many would disappear. Although now, so much time has passed that if they did release something, everyone would then question the validity of it because they waited so long. The point is, the police and the town are responsible for these conspiracy theories being created in the first place because of how much evidence they hid (even things like public records) *and the lack of evidence that they provided. Edit: *
There's also Canacoin, THC coin, Tokes...
Agreed. I'm not certain enough to say that it's an obviously fabricated event, but I'll say with damn certainty that the story we were (and continue to be) fed is a fabrication. Even worse, virtually all of the people that vehemently argue the idea and will result to insulting you for bringing it up, have never even come close to seeing what I would consider REAL evidence (by real I mean the shit that you will not ever find on the first 20 pages of youtube or google).
This. I don't deny the climate is changing, I deny that TPTB are actually looking out for "all of our best interests" in doing anything to change it.
And people say its Russian-Trump bots that brigade this sub... yet look at how your logical post is doing compared to the completely biased and blinded posts above and below you.
Glad at least one other person was able to appreciate that sweet sweet irony before they deleted their post haha
I completely agree, and I've contemplated that argument a lot. Just as I have seriously contemplated the official story actually being the official story. And after all is said and done, and all of the pieces of the puzzle have been examined, I lean most towards the hoax theory. But I am in no way certain about any of my ideas. I try to be as fluid with them as possible, so that if I'm presented with legitimate evidence to the contrary I won't dismiss it out of bias. But I totally see what you are saying.
I'm so in! I've been thinking about doing something like this for a while now, glad to see it's already been started.
&gt;that hasn't been around here for quite some time Sounds like you don't check out the /new section too often. I find plenty of great posts that never end up getting more than 20 posts, when they really deserve to be on the FP. But generally speaking, overall the quality in posts has declined significantly.
Exact same thing can be said about people who believe the mainstream as well. You can pick and choose what's real according to their biases. Some won't believe anything that they say on Fox news, while others won't believe anything said on CNN. Seems to just be human nature.
Good catch, that's actually very interesting to note.
This is by far the best bot I've ever seen so far.
Same goes for news sources. If I see anyone talking about "credible" or "legitimate" news outlets, I know they're still missing the big picture. Anyone who's been here for a while knows that they are all full of biases and BS, and each source needs to be analyzed for quality on an individual, case by case basis. Edit: Wow, a lot of MSM fans here in r/conspiracy today! Thanks for the downvotes guys
&gt; stay shleep bro See, that right there. Being condescending and snarky to people that disagree with you is not how you go about changing anyone's mind. If anything, you just solidify their own idea that you are the one who is wrong. Even though your point is valid, people will dismiss you when you go about it like that. Not trying to be mean or anything, just trying to help make this sub a more civil and beneficial place for all. There's enough snark elsewhere on reddit, this just isn't the place for it.
Best way to deal with a liar is to calmly and rationally demonstrate that they are lying. The second you start insulting people, you lose at least half of your credibility, even if your points are valid. Just trying to help you out man, it took me a while to realize this myself. Edit: And if they continue to lie and start insulting you back, then it's most likely a troll and you shouldn't even waste anymore time arguing with them.
&gt;u know nothing about this. go back to ur hole. That's insulting dude, whether it's accurate or not.
I'm not implying anything, I'm saying that no matter who's publishing a story, the credibility cannot be determined until you read and analyze each story on an individual statement. Just because a story comes out from the NYT or WSJ doesn't inherently give it any more credibility than a story from anywhere else.
Lol I know right? OP must be dead on
Well good luck finding that video on any website you consider to be a "reliable source".
Politifact is almost as bad as Snopes, just FYI in the future. Pretty much the entire first 2 pages of Google are "establishment" outlets, depending on what you're searching for. Google will often lead you astray when it comes to learning things TPTB don't want you to know about.
We should really get a petition going or some way to make it easy for people to fight this. Sadly, I don't think many people realize yet just how important it is to stop this madness. This is equivalent to net neutrality, if not more so!
I'm not saying he never takes a crack here and there about unimportant things like ripping her for her age, lack of "coolness", etc. I'm talking about the real issues that were actually damaging to the democratic party, would never be brought up. Could you please link me any specific clips of him covering the DNC leaks showing that they were rigging it against Bernie? Or when he once covered the Podesta leaks? I'd appreciate it if you could, because I'm trying to think back and I don't recall ever seeing him cover those for more than maybe a quick 30 second blip for him to tell you it's not important or not true. They were never one of the " Our main story tonight"s that he does which are 20 minute in-depth analyses, nor was the TPP. Again, I'm not saying I don't like him for ripping on Trump, because he's extremely rip on-able. But to play favorites to one side like that makes the show more akin to Real Time with Bill Mayer than it does the Daily Show (under Jon Stewart anyway).
Wow, couldn't agree more with everything you said actually. Thanks for the corrections. &gt;If you are looking for unbiased news coverage, I think you are better off foregoing TV all together tbh. You can say that again!
&gt;Now, you cross a border, fail to report it, and it becomes a potential target for CAF. And if you DO report it, it becomes a potential target for capital gains tax... seriously fuck these people.
Just because nobody uses AOL to access the internet anymore, doesn't mean it wasn't a good investment in the early 90s.
If it would be possible to have upvote AND downvote totals, this sub would instantly become 1000x better than r/conspiracy.
This is the third time I've seen this nonsense. For all they know, a covert Russian spy infiltrated the DNC and installed something like a keylogger into the hardware, or something else involving hardware. There's no way they would not inspect the physical hardware of a potentially hacked machine. A Russian hack is a massive national security issue. The fact that the machines were not turned over to them is completely bizarre.
BIP 148 could change all that. Whether for better or worse, no one knows yet. We'll have to wait and see!
It sickens me seeing what your post gets compared to the other 95% of the posts in this thread. You are 100% dead on. It's even more infuriating watching them try to pull their classic forum sliding tactic of accusing T_D of doing LITERALLY EXACTLY WHAT THEY ARE DOING! Like, seriously fuck these people. Fuck the super pro-Trump people too, but fuck these super anti-Trump doucebags twice as hard.
For what?
Wow how does this kind of stuff go unnoticed?? Great work OP. If you don't mind me asking, what lead you to this discovery?
You're right, that's why I wanted to know what lead OP to stumble upon this interesting tidbit. Whatever it is, I'd like to start doing/reading the same myself.
But wanting peace makes you a Russian operative, apparently.
Bombshell if this is your first day on r/conspiracy maybe! ;)
&gt;You can't actually BELIEVE that story if you look into it the tiniest bit. Try telling that to a New Yorker... they'll just call you crazy and then get super angry and defensive about it. That entire city lives in one gigantic bubble of obedience to authority and media. It'd be funny if it wasn't so terrifying how brainwashed an entire city can become.
&gt;24 hour hate cycle Even in 1984 it was only 2 minutes of hate!
&gt;Both are imperfect, but I don't like coupling them together. They are not the same, and are flawed in different ways. This sounds like what someone still trapped in the illusion would say... You don't like coupling them together because you still agree with one side more than the other?
I'd bet the deep state has dirt on everyone who matters to them.
Very interesting... I'd never come across the Trentacosta's connection before. Thanks!
Why is it always the people who seem to know the least about what actually happened on 9/11 that try and tell people what happened on 9/11? This argument doesn't apply to Tower 7, which was the furthest building in the complex from towers 1 and 2, which collapsed (symmetrically into its footprint) due to fire damage caused by falling debris. Come on. There are other arguments for why this one didn't fall, but that is not one of them.
&gt;You fucking people are so credulous Right back at you, buddy! You'll believe whatever the government tells you, apparently. So much so, that you'll make nonsense straw men arguments about the terminology used, rather than the actual content of the argument. Throwing government/MSM talking points into a post won't lend it any validity. You fucking people are so credulous
Thank fucking Christ
Commenting for later
So you're 95% democrat... great. My previous statement still stands, you're on a "team". The only reason I might lean more "right" is because ~~of~~ my background in Economics allows me to understand how unfeasible most solutions are that democrats propose (the answer to fixing a poorly run government is NEVER more government). Other than that, I support whoever is promoting the more "free" position in any debate. Anyone promoting more control over anyone else, whether it's censorship of speech, raising taxes, telling a woman what she can or can't do with her own body, telling me what substances I can and cannot put into my own body... if the goal is more control, then fuck them. Once you look at it this way, you start to realize that is exactly what both sides are after, only difference is the specific topics.
THIS so hard.
Is it possible to have total upvotes and downvotes visible to all subscribers? In the name of transparency, I believe this would be a key factor to help deter vote brigading. Let's see what posts are controversial vs just uninteresting.
Add to this list, use the fear that's generated to greatly increase the ability to control the people, especially the children. Public schools are turning into prisons, mostly in the name of Sandy Hook.
I think the only conclusion we can really draw at this point is that what they told everyone on TV about what happened that day, is far from what happened that day. That much I'm fairly certain about. Whether anyone died is still up for discussion, but I side more with the idea that no one died that day (except maybe Adam Lanza... even though the Social Security Death Index (SSDI) listed his death as the day BEFORE the shootings occurred? Just another "computer glitch" I guess...)
One thing to note about We Need to Talk About Sandy Hook, some of the arguments they use have legitimately been debunked since it's release. Many have not, but be careful about the ones that have (like the number of Christmas trees behind the firehouse, for example). If you try and use one of those arguments when debating someone, you'll hurt your case and cause them to assume all of your other arguments are false. Overall, still a great doc.
&gt;Existing in a system that exploits its workers doesn't mean we should vote for the policies that screw us over most. What do you mean by this?
&gt;We 100% did not have the tech to fake the photos and video from apollo Way to keep an open mind... /s Rather than try to gather more information, you decide to just spout back your completely baseless claim with 100% certainty? The level of certainty you have in your beliefs won't serve you very well in the conspiracy realm. And come on now, you're saying that we 100% had the tech to go to the moon and back 8 times, successfully landing 6 of those times, all with a 100% survival rate... but we didn't have the technology to fake photos and video from Apollo? There's an entire chapter on the video and photographic evidence in that book that goes deeper than just the shadows going different directions. Once again, I recommend you read the book before trying to keep defending that you're right. It doesn't take very long.
Are you suggesting that the Russian's didn't do exactly the same thing after WW2? You think America managed to exclusively get all of their scientists and secret space tech? The Russian's were easily 2 years ahead of us in all aspects of the space race for over a decade after the war. A large majority of all the "firsts" that took place in space were done by the Russians. Then, out of no where, we are able to achieve something that the Russians tried and failed to do over 100 times (costing the lives of many astronauts), with a 100% survival rate, all on previously untested technology? Look, I'm not saying that either of us is right here. I'm simply saying that you cannot possibly KNOW that you are right, especially when you are this defensive about the subject and clearly have not even gone over the evidence to the contrary with an open mind.
Totally agree with you there. Really optimistic about the space race being reignited hopefully between private corporations rather than governments. (Side note, wouldn't you think they would at least plan some test flights to the Moon before just saying "Fuck it, we're going to Mars!")
&gt;If they are just on this island though, where is NASA's money actually going to? Same place it went during the Apollo missions and the Star Wars defense system...
Haha I'll put way more of my faith in Elon Musk than I will the US government.
Can't wait to watch this video when I get a chance... I really hope it's legit.
&gt;The butt of the joke is racist misogyny not "liberals upvoting anythign anti-trump". I'd say its 50/50.
Your comment just made me realize that I'm already totally addicted to checking my Blockfolio app...
More like she's among us, amiright?
I'm having trouble understanding why this comment was so heavily downvoted.
I'd call bringing more pot into America a humanitarian mission...
But it's cool because Iran and Russia are the evildoers.
But if he crashes it, then they can just get the new and improved model for the bargain price of $101.2 million! More idiot pilots = bigger defense contracts
It's not even protocol in Minnesota! The guy was doing it out of respect (and more likely fear of being shot, sadly). http://concealednation.org/2015/07/do-you-have-a-duty-to-inform-when-carrying-concealed-we-look-at-all-50-states-for-the-answers/
That's when you bring out your gun...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNo_dzgznNI Please watch this video. It's fascinating as shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNo_dzgznNI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNo_dzgznNI
I think it's more the "official" timeline of human evolution that they are worried about, rather than being concerned about lending credence to the bible. That's why people like Graham Hancock are challenged so viciously.
I love this video! I spammed it like 3 times ITT before seeing that you posted it.
&gt;Can you give me an example of a free market occurring any time at all in recorded history? Crypto-currencies... for the first time in history, we are witnessing the closest thing to a free market that has ever existed. Decentralized blockchains are the future.
When is that ever the case in biology...?
Splicing pesticides directly into the DNA is totally the same thing! /s
Or try Primal Blueprint by Mark Sisson. He has an episode on JRE about it if you're into that show.
I buy a pasta that's made out of black beans, stuff is awesome! Tastes damn close to pasta (I'm Italian, can confirm)... looks like squid ink pasta though. Easy for me to get over, not easy for some.
Can't even tell if you're trolling at this point or not...
Yea, because the GMOs of today are 100% the same as the stuff they were doing 30 years ago, and they aren't experimenting with new techniques at all... Thanks for at least letting me know that you're trolling (and if not, then too dense to converse with), now I can stop wasting my time.
Makes sense, you're one of the few good users/mods here we have left...
Amen. Almost makes me want to look into flat earth more because of how closed minded he is on other topics. (Not really)
Aaaan now I know this threads been brigaded. Once I see a rational comment like yours in the negatives, I know to just walk away before I start arguing pro-establishment trolls who downvote people for being open minded. Chemtrails must be real based on how hard some people defend that they're not.
So a healthy diet will prevent small pox?
You give me stick and rock, I make fire.
They are if you use government to enforce them.
I've always learned that to be standard size for a 4x4 in the construction industry.
I was kidding
And still doesn't know what it means? That's even worse
Can someone explain to me why anyone would trade these on exchanges when they could just buy directly from Bancor? If Bancor can create an unlimited amount of tokens with the smart contract, what's the point of exchange?
RemindMe! in 1 month.
For conspiracy based shit anyway... Wikipedia is still great if you want to know about stuff that no one is trying to hide, like, animals and such.
LOL wow that was rich. Thanks for the good laugh, I really needed that!
Also something slightly reptilian.
That's super encouraging to hear.
Sooo just because you think it's fake...
I thought this was weird as well, interesting theory!
Look dude, I didn't even read the thread. I just saw the title of the post and thought it was weird there was a post suggesting we break the rules was on the FP. I see now that you said screenshots in the title, but that didn't even register at the time. Which means that if this isn't what you meant in the post, then you worded the title in a way which could be misleading to people that don't click on it and actually read it. Therefore the people calling you out on it still have a point. Looks to me like the reason your responses are getting to heavily downvoted isn't because of brigading, it's the way you're going about it. I'd recommend trying to avoid going the angry route and insulting people, and stick to calm and concise rebuttals. You make good points, but no one will listen to you if you're a dick about it. I know this post has been deleted, so I'm just writing this for you really. If you don't agree with what I've said, reply or PM me why. Trying to be an ally here, not an enemy.
&gt;All that fuck does is play viral videos and smile. That's it. Que laugh track. His standup is fantastic. I'd recommend any of them to people who have only seen Tosh.0
And I trust that when HE of all people says he's found something truly dark on the internet, it's pretty fucking bad. That guy has probably seen more fucked up shit than even r/WTF has never seen, given the nature of his show.
Yea I remember there was a lot of protest against these "smart" meters when they first rolled them out. Besides the reason that the article talks about, another reason was that now we have to rely on their technology to provide us with information like the amount of usage. Now, just like say the meter in a taxi or automated gambling machines, we have to trust that programers don't try to fudge the algorithm in the cab driver/casino/utility company's favor. I also remember hearing something about how the way that the smart meters transmit data constantly, whether through wifi or something else I forget, but it was/could potentially be dangerous to our health? Idk, I'll look for the link if anyone's interested.
Quality shitpost, sir! I just don't know if this is the place for it. Try r/conspiracymemes (at least I'm pretty sure that's a thing)
I can't read 4chanian, does it even specify what the code is for or what I might have to do with? Or did someone just post that image that probably has a clue in it and a string of binary?
Yea, my first immediate thought when reading just the headline in your title was, "I don't buy that for one second!" My guess is either A. Some national security type bill is about to be voted on or about to be introduced that they need to garner support for, or B. They're being investigated for child porn or some other type of illegal activity on their servers, so they're trying to negate the investigation by claiming that they've been compromised and that ISIS must have planted all this child porn on the servers! Either way, I don't buy that it was radical extremists trying to take over an Ohio based .gov site and spread their message. ISIS is waaaay too convenient of an excuse for so many things now, and they only BARELY have to prove or justify it.
Most likely yes to all of them, each acting in the interest of the unknown entity that controls all of them. TPTB, whomever they are, wanted Kennedy dead for the same reason they wanted MLK, Gandhi, Malcom X, John Lennon, Tupac, Bob Marley, etc dead... they all had the power to positively change the world. And typically speaking, what's good for the world, aka the people, isn't good for those at the top who are trying to control the people. Every one of those inspirational people had the ability to help break the chains of control that TPTB have spend centuries building for us.
Meh, I don't know about this one. I see how his statement contradicts what was said in the press conference the day of, but it's still a big stretch to suggest that at no point would the father see his son's body before being embalmed (although I wouldn't be surprised for this event, given how bizarre many other aspects were). Unless the guy was saying specifically that day, he held his son, in which case that would be very strange. But he precedes the statement with "I buried my son." which he obviously did not mean on the same day.
You're talking about the Mossad right? ...ooooohhhhhhhhh
Because everyone knows you can trust government agencies to self-report their expenditures... /s
Is there any information about who has been known to engage in targeting individuals like this? Any kind of proof of a gang stalking operation like this in the past?
That the DNC leaks came from Russian hackers and Seth Rich's murder was a completely unrelated failed robbery. *Disclaimer: This issue has nothing to do with left vs right to me, please do not try to make it about that.*
Apparently that guy would have been dead within minutes, tourniquet or not (unless professionally applied). Can anyone corroborate this?
Im confused, what do you mean by pushing a false narrative?
That does not explain the large number of views. Hypothetically speaking, let's say these channels actually are for pedos to skirt around the laws and have access to legal videos of their fetishes... would you still be ok with it because they aren't doing anything explicitly illegal in the videos? Something is seriously off with these channels. The fact that you're here to immediately dismiss it as nothing and insult the people posting about it is also disturbing.
Yea right... "Whooping cough". I've seen enough movies to know that they won't get any volunteers if they advertised $4499.33 to he deliberately infected with a new strain of virus we're testing to roll out on the public so we can sell them the cure. Yea, I'm good thanks. On the other hand... that's almost like, 2 Bitcoins...
&gt;Possible damage control by DNC: Releasing documents already known to be leaked in a controlled fashion to bolster Russian hacking narrative. Interesting theory, hadn't thought of that! Almost seems too smart of a move for the DNC.
Oh absolutely. Being skeptical of the mainstream is in no way synonymous with being open minded. But I'd still argue that there are more people who are aware of that, and actively try to become more open minded in the conspiracy community than elsewhere.
The climate change research from the 70s discredits itself. I'm not aware of a single projection that turned out to be accurate. And I'm not "anti-climate change"... I'm just saying that absolutely NO ONE knows, or is able to know what the future climate will be like. They have guesses, estimations, predictions, but that's it. The guys 100 years ago were wrong, the guys 50 years ago were wrong, but all of a sudden NOW we know we've got it all figured out? Nonsense. Fight human pollution! That's totally fine with pretty much everybody. But when you start using be government to impose laws on people to do so, then we're not doing it the right way.
More so now than it used to be, but yes we sure get a lot of them. Not to point fingers or anything, but it looks to me like most of them are anti-Trump types that started coming here when the MSM started turning everything Trump did into a "conspiracy". But there's also plenty of pro-Trumper's that are here because they believe Trump is on their side, working against TPTB to expose all the conspiracies we discuss here. It's always disappointing to see. At least with the pro-Trump people, they aren't just spewing MSM propaganda like the anti-Trump people do.
I've always heard people suggest this, but never really looked into it myself. Is the reasoning behind it because the only evidence we have for it existing comes from the government? We're Hiroshima and Nagasaki just heavily firebombed rather than nuked? I mean I could see it, just a little confused on the logistics behind why some people believe they don't exist.
Yea and what year was that heart attack gun again?? Just imagine what they have now...
So then it's just a coincidence that Debbie Wassermann-Schultz looks that much like a reptile? /s
Sounds like the perfect group of patsies to me. "These people set the fire because we didn't act fast enough for them, so they set the fire themselves! Sure their concerns about the hazards were accurate... but that fire wouldn't have ever happened this badly if they didn't start it!"
&gt;but some things you have to say 'come on' to people who are in denial or looking for conspiracy. Be careful though with this line of thinking though. There have been multiple times where I thought I was being rational in my immediate rejection of a proposed conspiracy theory, only to later find out that there was actually some merit to the argument. Some things are so "out there" that even the most reasonable conspiracy theorist will laugh at without even giving the idea a chance. We must be vigilent in discerning the theories that sound batshit crazy on the surface, but have evidence to support it, and actually crazy theories that are either disinformation or just those in denial or looking for a conspiracy. For example, this idea that nuclear bombs aren't real. Do I think that's true? Right away, my mind says "that's bullshit". But do I cast it aside and deem anyone claiming this is crazy? Absolutely not. I'll first try to gain an understanding for why this person believes something ridiculous, and evaluate the theory based on the supporting evidence (even when it's circumstantial).
Oh well that makes total sense. I'd wager that this was probably the prime motive, gaining credibility being second.
Wait what??? Got a link? Because I'm pretty certain that's not true... otherwise I'd have bought some from there years ago. The only thing I know of that you can get on eBay is powdered Acacia bark so you can make DMT yourself. But FUCK that shit.
Lol, savage
How is it disinformation? https://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2006/15mar_moonquakes &gt;Furthermore, shallow moonquakes lasted a remarkably long time. Once they got going, all continued more than 10 minutes. "The moon was ringing like a bell," Neal says.
Yes it did, according to NASA. Not sure what that other guy is saying. I've always flirted with the theory that the moon is an artificially constructed object which was placed there in order to originally terraform the Earth. We know it influences things like the tide, but it could be serving other purposes that we can't even fathom yet. Who or what put it there, is then the real question. Aside from the potential of a hollow core, the most intriguing aspects to support this theory are A. the moon's orbit and rotation, which have multiple irregularities from most other satellites (like the fact that it rotates at the prefect speed to only ever reveal one side to earth). The wiki is pretty interesting https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orbit_of_the_Moon And B. It's distance from earth is very close to appearing as the exact same size as the sun when viewed from earth. This is why only a small portion of the world are able to witness a total solar eclipse when they happen. Just some food for thought.
Good looks, u/HelperBot_
I like your analogy, and I agree that the cost of going to the moon is very high compared to the potential gains (that we know of anyway). Hopefully we are nearing the point where this kind of travel will be more affordable as new technologies are invented, like SpaceX's Falcon rockets. As for your other point, I see what you mean, but it still does not make sense that no one has even attempted to leave low earth orbit with a manned mission. Other countries who may be behind the US in the space race would stand to benefit from achieving something that hasn't been done in over 40 years, in order to prove themselves as a world player in the space race (like China, India, Mexico, etc.) Technology and rocket efficiency has significantly improved since the Apollo missions, yet not one country or organization has enough money to even attempt leaving low earth orbit just once? America was able to do it 7 TIMES! If it was so expensive that no one since has been able to afford it, then how were we able to afford going that many times? We even started bringing collapsible transforming Moon-buggys! &gt;What pushed humans to the moon wasn't the science, it was the Cold War propaganda victory. That's exactly what I think the whole thing was, a Cold War propaganda victory. They faked going to the moon, and instead used that massive budget for god knows what (same place the money from the Star Wars Defense System boondoggle went I imagine). And why would the Russians just completely give up after that if they were already so close to doing it? Especially during the Cold War, where both sides were extremely paranoid about the other's weapons capabilities like with the whole Sputnik thing. Wouldn't they want to make sure that we weren't putting nukes on the moon that could be launched at them undetected? Bear in mind, I'm not trying to say that this is 100% fact, this is just my belief based on what I've seen and read over the years. I appreciate your counterarguments, as I enjoy having my beliefs challenged.
I mean, they're fooling themselves pretty good
&gt;No-one cares about anything they produce except those who have locked down their minds to the point where nothing can get in or out. LOL is that what CNN told you?? Or was it the Washington Post...
It's crazy how many upvotes all your comments get, despite the fact that the people who agree with you aren't even in here yet.
The fact that this is upvoted so much speaks volumes. Just because the left happens to have a lot of actual conspiracies, doesn't mean this is T_D. Just because many of us think the conspiracy theories about Russia and Trump are bull shit, doesn't mean this is T_D. That argument is getting really tired. Are there some T_D trolls here? Absolutely. Are there even more left wing mainstream pushing trolls here? Absolutely. If anyone reading this is under the impression that this subreddit is "T_D 2.0", then you need to seriously take a step back and realize how locked into the whole left/right red team/blue team paradigm you are. Edit: Let me rephrase my analysis on the types of trolls here. T_D may have more physical users trolling here, but that's because they get banned or deleted not long after they start posting. The left wing trolls who push mainstream talking points on the other hand, they get to stay around til they become minor celebrities around here. They commit the same types of abuses that others would get banned for, but continue posting each day with impunity. Just my observations in my long time here, personally I'm pissed at both sides for what they're doing to this place. We need something to unite everyone against the real enemies.
&gt;So according to you they created and propagaded the idea I thought that was the Chinese?
&gt; I've found most of the ~~trump supporters~~ liberal progressives here are political neophytes. Either too young or just ignored the world around them for most of their lives. This can be said about anyone that's on either side of the charade that is two party politics. Please stop this nonsense. Everyone should hate CNN. If you don't then you're intentionally living in the bubble that TPTB have created for you. Hating CNN has nothing to do with being pro-Trump, just because pro-Trump people also hate CNN.
Reference: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=375643.0?red
Definitely going to read this. Edit: For others interested, found a PDF https://www.reddit.com/r/SacredGeometry/comments/2xxdpr/a_little_book_of_coincidence_in_the_solar_system/
Can someone explain why they are giving away free Lumens for doing this?
Jesus, just look what it did to the price! Nice to see that honesty is valued in the crypto community.
Lol what is "This is gentleman"? I kinda have an idea just based on context, but I don't think I've seen that one specifically before.
Yea if it's for beginners, don't want to waste my time
Lol totally didn't even realize that! In that case, thanks for the PDF
&gt;**CNN reports factually** and Trump supporters live in a fantasy land Sounds like you're both living in a fantasy land.
I love proposing this idea to people framed this way. In 30 years, I hope we're looking back at how FUCKING RIDICULOUS the whole system is, and wondering how anyone would buy into such a scam.
Bancor?
Pettis is fake news?
Who's to say that the GDP growth and 100 years of incredible prosperity and technological growth wouldn't have occurred under a decentralized system like cryptos? Economic growth doesn't need shady banking practices to be achieved. Granted, it may have been necessary in the past, but everything after the removal of the gold standard is just a complete and utter scam IMO. (I may be completely wrong here, but I don't believe I am. If you have issues with my statements, I'd love to hear them!)
&gt;But if you follow all of the allegations and "evidence" you either hit a roadblock or come to the conclusion that all it was made to fit a narrative. None of the clues fall into place unless you ignore common sense. You can really make anything sound shady when put into the right light, this seems to be nothing but conjecture with the information that we have. Like the whole "Russia hacking the election" story? Edit: Oooh I really must have struck a chord with the r/all crowd here today with this one.
Reasonable and logical approach to the issue that suggests there's a possibility to this theory... DOWNVOTE! Everyone knows this is fake news and it was all Russia and the DNC would never do something like this /s This sub makes me sick during the day...
Fucking LOL. The guy who's blatantly wrong has more upvotes than you. Seriously FUCK THESE PEOPLE
USA Today - everyone's favorite go-to source for conspiracy theories! /s How do you people not see that if the MSM is pushing a "conspiracy theory", 99% of the time it is complete partisan bullshit? Edit: And same goes for whatever bullshit Fox is saying, don't try to lump me in with the opposite team, as I think you've both got your heads in the sand.
Imagine how many total upvotes his comments actually got... So glad reddit doesn't tell us anymore
Also ITT: People trying to push MSM propaganda as conspiracy theories.
Jesus Christ, what the fuck are you even talking about? You just projected so much unfounded bullshit onto my beliefs system which could not be further from reality. I'm not even going to attempt to counter your bullshit, since it's extremely clear to anyone reading this that you're not here to be open-minded and discuss ideas; you're here to tell everyone how right you are and how dumb they are for disagreeing with you. You discredit yourself with your own words, no need for me to waste any of my time. I don't argue with crazy.
Ohh that all sounds very interesting! Know any good resources where I can learn more? I'd Google it myself, but ya know... that place is becoming more and more censored by the day haha
At this point I just keep commenting in the hopes that the real users here understand that vote totals mean absolutely nothing anymore. When reasonable arguments are deep in the negatives, and the sensationalist MSM-supporting comments rise to the top, in a fucking conspiracy sub, on posts that are nowhere near the FP... you know some serious fuckery is afoot. Great username by the way.
Judging from this comment, I can tell you do not have a strong background in economics. You can believe me or not, but I'm about as anti-big corporations as I am anti-big government (should be evident from my history). Oil and gas are dying, good fuck em. We should cut all the government subsidies and divert them to renewables. But you know what's really profitable for the government? More regulations. Taking more money from corporations and giving it to the government won't solve climate change in the slightest. You know what saves money on healthcare? Not letting the government run it. What they need to do is remove the CRAZY amount of regulations that have already been in place for years, allow for real competition and let the free market do its job. Regulations only work when they are done with solely good intentions, by honest and good people... does that sound like our government? What we currently have is not a democracy, nor a free market. Don't let the state of our current system confuse you on the viability and efficiency of basic economics. The answer should never be more government. But the answer should never be pro-big business either.
&gt;bring their thoughtful discourse, an open mind and critical thinking skills in. So much this. I mean I couldn't agree more with all of your post, but mostly this. It's the #1 thing missing from 75% of the interactions I see on here every day. Seems to be much better usually after 8PM (until the waves of downvotes come in the next morning)
Would you acknowledge that CNN has proven to edit and manipulate video and therefore has zero credibility? Bear in mind, I don't really give a fuck about James O'Keefe, nor did I need any of his videos to know that this is exactly how CNN is run. However, if being caught selectively editing something one time years ago is enough to give you "zero credibility", then that without a doubt eliminates all credibility of CNN. Edit: Also bear in mind, the main people making the claim that he's full of shit and has zero credibility are the MSM... ya know, the very people he shows in a negative light. So you've also got to take the criticisms of him with a grain of salt.
Is that an alien titty?
Money is the root of all evil
Damnit, you got me. Quality shitpost.
So in your mind, anyone who believes in a conspiracy of any kind is immediately lumped into the category of "conspiracy nut"?
More like "Not So Secret Aid", amiright?
The DNC emails and the Podesta emails. They point to it in their own words. DWS and Donna Brazile were directly implicated in collusion.
Lol ahhh the words of a man with no argument and a lot of hypocrisy.
