Saint is taller. That looks a lot like Hard
With the imports, NA lcs has a stronger lineup of mids than EU
Having one of the most veteran players in Froggen to help and Rick fucking Fox will be hugely helpful for him and Hard
I imagine Rick Fox will take a hand in mentoring or managing them yeah, or he'll know how to pick out a great coach with his background
EU players are still a very small portion of the total players in NA. This joke is pretty forced
Historically EU has really good mids while its NA's weakest role in regards to native talent, most eu imports are mids as a result. Top is the other weak NA role that has a lot of imports. Look at something like adc and you'll see more NA players. It's a bit early to say TSM is the strongest.
That's not saying much since there aren't many NA rookies. I don't see Remilia or RF being better than Moon, Stixxay, any of the TLA players
TL's shot calling has left a lot to be desired. I'm not sure it will be a big downgrade with Dardoch
Top 5 Korean mid
Statistically Gamsu was pretty bad. He had a large share of the team's gold yet did really poorly in his stats. He was a mediocre player with flashes of good play
Zion preformed on Coast despite a bad team. Altec preformed on Winterfox despite a bad team. Gamsu was part of Dig being bad. Dunno why you're so upset over the fact that a player might not be that good
I'm on my phone but http://oracleselixir.com/statistics/na/na-lcs-2015-summer-regular-season-player-statistics/ I imagine you can get to spring from there too so you can look at both splits. Click top laner and go to town. Thanks for being condescending though, mature way to carry a conversation
I feel like RNG might be a smart team even if they lack outright talent. I could see them taking wins off smart play rather than smashing lane or mechanical outplays
You'd hope he would have the self awareness to improve on that after seeing how it works against him
Trundle as flex for top and support. Beyond that good list
Seriously. "NA has no talent" "challenger players? Team will be shit" "Lol imports dae 2 eu" It's a damned if you do damned if you don't. Try challenger talent and you're laughed at or called weak, if you import you're part of the problem and memes are posted
It's 2 years to be a resident right? So Ninja could not be considered a resident until Summer 2017 unless I'm mistaken
Yup. No one is gonna say "I might suck as a top."
I just want a keyboard that puts comma and period to the right of space. Having those so easy to access is the thing I miss most from android
You're right, the Danish flag *is* pretty great
This comment is lame
Fnatic made him a big offer so money isn't the motivation
Maybe the king of a very small, inbred kingdom
Elements vs TIP is the MyM vs Coast of this split. Gotta love races to the bottom
I believe Baby changed his name to BIG, going by his Twitter and the Echo Fox announcement
Both have sizeable fanbases
Not even Piglet can bypass the Gatekeeper
Riot will blur his face. The mystery will continue
I agree. If you put someone like Febiven against CS mids he'd crush them into a new reality. Alex beat CS mids but rarely crushed them to the degree that I would think "Old Alex Ich is back." Alex still has to prove he is a relevant player
TL is one of the the most transparent League orgs. I imagine other orgs have issues as well we're just not privy to them
NRG? GBM and Impact are world class, Altec potentially is as well also. If Moon and Konkwon can keep up then that's a really strong western team.
Sure, but Impact likely can communicate well enough as he's had to communicate in English for a year now. GBM won't have good english but Konkwon is fluent in both English and Korean and can easily translate. NRG will have vastly fewer communication issues than the Chinese teams did, and the team has strong players to build off of.
I'd argue that Sheep has never been good in competitive play.
He changed back to Selfie as according to him there's negative memories/emotions attached to the Kori name for him
How is YS after money when Fnatic offered him more money than TSM did?
Any player: What player(s) are you most excited to go against? Any of the coaching staff: What do you think will be the biggest hurdle to overcome to catch up to and become one of the top teams?
Any ideas for how they could buff Dragon? It seems like even with number tweaks only the 1st and 5th stack bonuses are important enough to fight over. Would you prefer they rework the stacks of 2-4?
When will GBM start streaming? He seems like he'd be a blast to watch
We just need the LCS to incorporate coach-initiated pauses so if you see someone start to tilt you can pause, run on stage and tell them a random fact.
Thoorin usually does it in an entertaining way, he can burn people really well. Soaz and Amazing just get whiny.
Sorry you have to experience that. Riot seems to be trying hard to fight it with their detection systems and the like, at some point all you can do is mute and report. If someone is impacting your enjoyment of the game then reduce your interaction with them as much as is feasible.
I've tried before and it didn't really work. Maybe it's possible in some way but i'm inclined to say no.
Nice editing and music! Thanks for sharing =)
Are you referring to your taskbar being on top of your game? The way i've found to fix that is to switch to fullscreen real fast and then back to borderless.
LS may also be biased since he's worked with and coached Moon. I think Moon will be good but i'm not sure he'll be the next big superstar in NA. He was good in challenger but didn't do anything that blew me away.
Oh, that's not good! Sorry you had to experience that, man
No problem! Summonerschool is great. I've been playing since closed beta and I still find myself on there quite often. I'm Ruran in-game if you ever need another person to play with.
I must have just hit bad times then, I got trapped in D for a good 20 minutes due to how slow traffic was going in and out of it, not to mention the people driving slower than smell hoping that a spot would open.
I talk to Miguel (the guy who runs parking services) fairly often and he makes it sounds like they aren't allowed to ticket until a certain date. If you get ticketed before that you could probably get it dropped.
I consider a 9AM class super early =P. If you're getting there that early then you'd be fine yeah. Past around 11ish the only consistent parking I could find was the park and ride.
If you'd like to save some money just search for your book name + .pdf. You can usually find free ebook versions of your textbooks.
I think he'll do well but I don't think he'll dominate players like Impact or Darshan.
Eh, more koreans than euopeans. That's worse for Huni since Koreans are the ones that tilt him.
I'd put Sneaky above Forg1ven personally. Sneaky has consistently performed even on the world stage
I'll go ahead and say that they probably have a bit more merit and insight than the average random redditor
I don't think playing the game is necessary to have a deep understanding. Some (most?) of the best coaches in history aren't people who played that sport. Monte doesn't play League much at all and has a deep understanding. Thoorin doesn't understand the game on a complex level but he does a lot of research to the point i'd say he has a decent understanding of the macro game.
1. NRG 2. TSM 3. IMT 4. C9 5. Echo 6. CLG 7. TL 8. DIG 9. RNG 10. TIP I really think Echo Fox will surprise people.
He was offered a job as a CLG analyst iirc.
This is the clip you're looking for I believe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3qNH4zSndA
New players don't play with smurfs...
You're out of control
New League champion: Ronald McDonald
I doubt any region could support 20 teams without having a massive, massive disparity between the top and bottom teams. Especially the west where it's usually 4 teams or so on top and then the rest are a step down.
He's only human. I'd be a hypocrite too if I was staring billions of dollars in the face
Thanks for your insightful contribution to the post
Yeah, there's two very different ways to take it: TL is challenger-level atm, or TLA is LCS level. Chances are it's a little of both since Fabby mentioned that they also do well against other LCS teams.
9pm est iirc
yes
I think that's the goal. Hai just wants to retire. He's a bandaid until Bunny is ready to take over.
I can neither confirm nor deny
Braum is so good against MF.
HE'S ONLY PLAYING ON SATURDAY MOST LIKELY. RF HAS TO GO AGAINST A MOTHER FUCKING WORLD CHAMPION
EVEN AGAINST CRIS RF WOULD GET BOOTY SPELUNKED SO HARD THAT RENEGADES WOULD BE THE FIRST TEAM WITH 2 FEMALE PLAYERS
He should have just picked up Cris instead of Smittyj. Cris completely outclassed him.
NRG at least had an excuse with missing 2/5ths of their roster, one of which is part shotcaller (Impact). Dig though.... oh my
He actually looked good, it's the first time he's ever had a strong team around him.
NRG had to play with 3/5ths of the Team Coast roster that made it in via the promotion tournament. They'll be able to play with Impact and Moon tomorrow.
It'd have almost no impact I imagine.
What argument? I don't recall Riot ever bringing up viewership numbers as the reason for NA on weekends. If they did, can you link me?
Get ready for an entire split of people bitching about the days that EU is on. These people act like it's personal. It's such a nonfactor. I don't watch OG vs FN and go "damn, this would be better if it was on saturday!"
And what time would you like NA to play on Thurs and Fri? They can't do the matches at 3PM PST, viewership would drop like a rock due to school and work. If they do it later than that they start to lose a large chunk of EU audience due to how late it'd be.
We had a Cris!
Yeah it's unfortunate, that was a really bad game from Shrimp, he's a beast but that was not his match. It's funny that even feeding he was doing more than Kirei pressure-wise and in team fights. I'm excited to see how NRG does with the full roster.
It was a good showing from him. Probably nice to actually play a professional match on a team that's not hot flaming garbage.
I think Shrimp just got screwed by a combination of being on a feast/famine jungler and lan jitters. That was a very uncharacteristic game from him.
It's the lesser of two evils. EU losing some NA viewership is less harmful than NA losing both EU and NA viewership. With EU being ahead timezone-wise to NA it becomes a logistical nightmare to try and schedule NA on weekdays. They would either have to sacrifice nearly all EU viewership and put it in the evening, or they would have to put it at a time where neither EU or NA can watch it very well. Screwed either way. EU being at their current time is good for EU viewers and also gets some NA viewers.
Archon and Empyre of NRG also said yesterday that working with Cris was great, that he's hard working and has a great attitude.
I'd say they were tied, they play different roles. Aphro is a playmaker and he was fantastic at it last year, Adrian is more vision focused and had great statistics on top of it.
Chances are if we see Dominate swapped out we'll see Matt swapped in to make up for Dominate's lost shotcalling. Dominate's shotcalling doesn't seem great lately but some shotcalling is better than none.
Matt will also bring better shotcalling than Dominate which is worth the hit to synergy for.
TSM has growing to do but I don't think Immortals is overhyped. Every analyst and scrim leak out there says that Immortals is really good. Huni + Reignover is just such a strong core for a team.
Worth mentioning too that Saint now has it in his contract that they can't sell the LCS spot unless Saint gives permission. I doubt strong Korean players like Police and Eve would join if Saint didn't assure them that they'd get to keep the spot.
He's on Saint's new team which chances are will make it in to the LCS. It has some really strong Korean players on it and Saint seems like a good coach.
It was in one of his streams, can't supply a source sorry. No idea which one it was and it'd be a nightmare to search for
He looked better in that game than he had in over a split. It's a good sign even if it's only one game.
I'm surprised Steve isn't playing that role to him. Steve seems like he's willing to make the hard decisions, so if Piglet was having an attitude problem he'd be willing to crack down on him.
Honestly, I wouldn't mind seeing them just completely sub in all of TLA. Youngbin and Fabby would obviously be a step down from Fenix and Piglet but having a team with cohesion and no ego problems could be worth it.
Quas made a decision to change his life some as he had been suffering from depression and some other stuff, he wanted to try being more outgoing and confident and etc. In trying to make that change an 'incident' occurred which resulted in his suspension while they sorted it out. Quas then decided to completely retire and pursue a medical career.
RF crumbled against a world champion.
It helps that Impact had more kills and farm than RF.
Morg was also a weird choice, Braum would have been smarter imo. Wonder if that's a consequence of Remi's champion pool.
Didn't say good, just what Remi feels comfortable playing.
Sorry, yeah. Impact didn't win because he's a world champion vs a challenger player, it's only because Fiora. So broken!
The game with two of their players missing? Impact is also a shotcaller so they lost half their shotcalling.
If Fiora is as broken as you say then why didn't RF pick Fiora? So either REN lost by not reading the meta right/RF's champion pool not including a 'broken' champion, or Fiora isn't broken.
I doubt the same would have occurred if it was RF on Fiora and Impact on Mundo. RF just looked outclassed.
Braum would bring better zone control with his ult, synergizes really well with Lucian and his shield would block more than Morg's.
Holy SHIT Dardoch
Hopefully. Matt is on point with his play.
Dardoch and Matt really impressed. I hope TL continue to use them!
Matt was damn impressive.
Piglet, Dardoch, Matt and Lourlo trapped in the Fenix prison.
I feel like Matt and Lourlo also did well. Fenix was the weak factor in that match.
You can tell Immortals is a good team by the fact they didn't get down in the filth with TIP and just dominated them on every level.
Your flair makes this comment even more funny.
By all accounts the manager has abandoned the team. Alex Gu supposedly went back to China and left the team high and dry. The translator had to pick up the pieces and is trying to run it now.
They're missing two of their players and having to move one of them to mid, but even with their main roster I expect very little. They're going to be fodder for whoever ends up as the #1 CS team.
Ironically enough Alex Gu abandoned the team. The translator is having to try and run it now. TIP doesn't even have management at this point. It's the dried out husk of a team.
It's been run by a series of sketchy Chinese owners. I guess that's a curse of sorts
Not anymore, they changed it
I think WT fits the aggression better but Pob isn't Febiven level yet
If TIP somehow pulls out wins and avoids relegation I totally expect him to rematerialize and pretend he didn't abandon the sinking ship
He's probably making bank back in China
Eh, GBM is on a stronger roster. It'd be a downgrade to move to TL
Matt is also a shotcaller. If you drop Matt and keep Dardoch then TL has no shot calling
Dig is good when Kirei is on Elise. He has to show he can play some other champs
They're still making changes to it. Smarter to limit how many regions have access while you're still tuning it
http://www.modelmayhem.com/1808997 this is her i believe source: http://miyashiro.typepad.com/my_weblog/korra/
Matt is nice to listen to. Speaks clearly and with confidence and actually answers the questions. Also his voice is like velvet on my ears. He could be a radio announcer. Edit: Dominate said "I don't live in the house anymore so I can't really judge." I wonder if that's a sign that Dardoch will be fully taking over the starting position?
The difference is that the power rankings last season had most EU teams above NA teams. After all the EU trash talking, putting NA teams above EU teams causes anger
Bunny is really tall so he probably fills those shoes already
I play a game for the game, not the client.
Last season and with Peke. You're saying current OG is just as good as Worlds OG from season 5?
It'll be interesting to see if TL tries having the full TLA roster play one week in the lcs.
Those are aspects but I'd never switch games for a client unless I flat out enjoyed that gameplay more. The game is 90% of my time in league, not the client.
Matt also looked quite good and brings shotcalling
The money from selling the spot is pretty nice too though.
I'm convinced Regi has a thing for Danes.
I know, it's a joke :p Denmark produces an insane amount of talent despite it being pretty small
The import restrictions are blocking him from building his Danish empire
Oh, well, that's why he didn't sign Freeze
Considering that configuration of players had 0 matches as a team and two of them had never played a professional match beyond challenger, they did pretty damn well
His comment becomes unintentionally hilarious when it implies Fabby is on another level from Piglet. #FabbyWorldChampion2016
He seems like a nice guy but Bodydrop struck me as the weakest part of NME last split. If they keep him I hope he can step it up some. Edit: Well that's some timing. He just announced he's no longer with Enemy. https://twitter.com/LoL_Bodydrop/status/689998118805508096
He's been on pretty bad teams. He looked pretty good in his NRG game when he didn't have a raging dumpster fire around him.
It was his first LAN game ever, not to mention his first non-challenger professional match. He did really well, just needs to keep his head a bit better and go less ham.
Yes, I believe there's no overall 'worldwide' power ranking for that reason. It's contained to just the individual regions and switched to a tier system rather than a numbered ranking.
That's certainly possible but power rankings about about the now, you can't really factor in what might happen to a team in the future when doing them. As is stands, H2K looked the best in Europe as of week 1. This might massively change in the coming weeks if OG get back into form and such.
I think the reasoning is that H2K played harder teams than Immortals did. Immortals looked really good but they had a fairly easy week and have to look that way against stronger teams for them to be called S-tier. If I recall, Immortals plays NRG and TSM this week, those teams will be a better test for where Immortals stands.
Sorry, I was only able to catch NA and EU this week so I can't really speculate one way or another why he put ahq as s-tier.
Unless i'm mistaken, the translator had to pick up the pieces and is trying to run it now. LMQ/TiP has such a history of sketchiness.
Cris has a pretty bad perception around him but between his high ranked accounts, strong performances in challenger, and various people vouching on his behalf (Dyrus, Brokenshard, Saint, Empyre, Archon, etc.) I think Cris could be really good if he was on the right team.
Ah yeah I probably should have clarified that he goes by Wolfe now. I edited that into the post. Thanks!
and water is wet. Coast having the #1 spot is implied in all tier lists. It just gets tedious to type it every time.
I think Ember's support staff will also play a big part, it's pretty extensive. Enemy is a relatively smaller org and can't go as crazy with infrastructure as Ember can.
They'd probably move Dominate down to TLA
Doesn't it get tiring to constantly shit post about NA vs EU?
He and Impact are the shotcallers
He's a Dig sub atm
Except it's because All Stars. Ignorant salt strikes again
Makes sense. You can do analysis any episode, but you can rarely get insight from a long time team owner.
Chris Badawi. (Ex?) co-owner of Renegades who was banned from being an LCS owner for a period of time due to poaching allegations.
It's a heart breaker but also understandable. Look at the roster that played. It was Dardoch's and Matt's first ever LCS game. Heck, it may have been their first LAN match ever? Lourlo also only had one game under his belt. 3/5ths of the team had 1 or less professional matches played and that unique configuration had 0 scrims together as a team. Considering that, it's damn impressive they did as well as they did.
They'll probably just have Smoothie play with TLA.
Top also requires a deeper champion pool which would be difficult for Hai if he can't spam solo-queue.
Wonder if he was suspended by Riot? When ive seen him in streams he seems to be pretty toxic and ragey
Also, I forget which interview it was but someone was talking about how shotcallers tend to prioritize their own lane. Like a top lane shotcaller will call for more ganks than a non-shotcaller would. With Matt shotcalling from bot that means more emphasis will be placed on bot which is really good since Piglet is a really good carry.
I imagine the main weight behind it is that Matt is a shotcaller. They need someone to take over in that regard since Dominate was the shotcaller. They don't want a C9 situation where suddenly the team has no idea how to play.
Probably. I doubt they'd try to have Matt play in two different leagues on two different teams at the same time, it'd be stretching him really thin. The big worry though is that Matt was TLA's shotcaller. This could seriously tank TLA if they suddenly have no shotcalling and have to play teams like TDK and Apex.
Piglet wants to go off. Dominate became more and more passive and -- while a solid player -- didn't really seem to fit with how aggressive Fenix and Piglet seem to play. I think Dardoch will be a massively better fit.
Planning for network load is incredibly difficult. For example, look at how many MMOs buckle under the weight of release despite all the stress tests and preparation. Even WoW with 10+ years under it's belt still is sketchy for a bit on expansion release.
Also, who is to say this was even ready for preseason. It's easy to say "lol dumb Riot, just release it in preseason and all this is solved." when the customer has no idea what is happening behind the scenes.
sOAZ looks like Napolean which can be attractive if you like commanding men.
I'd say top is stronger than EU atm. Huni, Impact, Darshan and Hauntzer.
Forg1ven hasn't proven himself internationally.
It's not amazing but it's definitely good. If it were any other CS split I think they'd easily win, it's just unfortunate the split this roster is built is the strongest NA CS split ever.
I really hope the same doesn't happen to Dardoch. He's such a promising and aggressive player. Seeing him become a ward would be a tragedy.
I've seen a few comments with rumors that he was banned for being so toxic/rage-y in solo-queue but definitely nothing concrete. Dig said they'll give more info Monday iirc.
Oh we're talking about the CLG match? I think Balls will be fine. He rarely outright loses lane, he'll usually go even or stays relevant in farm even if he's behind at first. Unless he's put into a very bad matchup I expect another lane to be the deciding factor in CLG vs C9
He really stepped it up in the off-season. He was crushing it during the HTC Ascension and CS qualifiers.
My roster is almost all NRG players and my subs are Fox players. This is quite the pickle.
Matt's voice is like velvet on my ears. He probably keeps the team from tilting just because they're so relaxed listening to him.
I don't think that was all on Loco's shoulders though. Lustboy began to decline some, WT lost confidence, Dyrus was struggling to keep up, etc.
I imagine the long term goal is to get a new coach. Loco has outright said he'd prefer to be doing content creation and not coaching, and he was sort of a bandaid solution when the previous head coach didn't work out. Loco can fill the role while they look for a permanent head coach for the long term.
Having good top and jungle synergy is really potent.
&gt;I really hate how this sub has become a place to trash on EU fans so much. You honestly think EU is trashed more than NA? Do you *read* threads?
Wasn't trying to claim that at all, sorry if it came across that way. My point was that I see way more EU trash talking NA than the other way around.
He was on a team with Darshan and Doublelift. You really think he was going to get to play a carry champ with those two on the team?
TL got reverse swept
Yeah the top 2 teams don't have any EU players so not sure how they're currently the reason NA is stronger
Rush is mechanically better than Moon, but Moon is a better fit for this team so i'd say it's an upgrade in the jungle just due to playstyle. Moon is a supportive jungler which is fantastic for players like GBM, Altec and Impact who are not super aggressive.
KFO realized he'd have to play against Impact and pretended to have a Visa issue to avoid the stomping.
Dignitas has an arguable upgrade in the top lane (BillyBoss &gt; SmittyJ imo) and RNG has to play with a downgrade. I think Dig takes the advantage.
Yeah, i'm really interested in seeing the bottom lane. Piglet has been on fire the past two matches and Stixxay is fairly inexperienced, but so is Matt.
Spring 2015 playoffs I believe. I thought they had been reverse swept in the gauntlet as well but I was mistaken and that was a 3-1.
Anyone looks supportive next to Rush =p His challenger play doesn't really reflect his LCS play. A jungler like Moon, despite being good, isn't going to be funneled resources over Impact, GBM and Altec. Those are three very good carries. The same was not true of Rush where his playstyle is entirely oriented around being a carry. In his C9 introduction video he even said he joined C9 over TSM because they would allow him to play carry champions. Moon imo is able to fit that 'backseat' playstyle with more ease than Rush can, which is good on a team with the players he's with.
He was the Rush of midlane. Zirene called Rush a honeybadger for a reason.
Definitely this. I can't count how many comments I saw that Adrian wasn't that good and his statistics were just inflated. Even if his warding statistic was inflated from Rush not dropping many, he had really good stats in other categories as well.
I thought C9 learned at IEM to not pick Nidalee. Also, Trundle against a team with only a single tank?
How do they do that though? They're starting from behind and have to train up Bunny just to become competent. Meanwhile, every other team in the LCS will be also improving, but they don't start with this big of a detriment. I'm not sure C9 has the breathing room to just play Bunny and hope things improve unless they're willing to play in relegations.
Jensen is just playing such weird things. He was never really known for his Ekko or Ezreal.
He's part owner of C9, it would be a big hit to his own organization if he let them get relegated.
Didn't realize Hybrid had such insight into the scrim patterns of NA teams. It's super impressive that a handful of EU players are making scrims that much more effective and somehow boosting Immortals and NRG.
NA tops man...
Don't forget Lourlo, Moon and Konkwon who have all looked solid as well
I mean, Jensen, Sneaky and Rush are all pretty good.
NA tops man... Edit: God forbid I make a joke that paints NA talent in a positive light =p
Yeah, it's easy to win in EU
I wonder if they'll try to swap in Zig for tomorrow.
The way it's sounding, Scott may be gone longer than a weekend Edit: my phone corrected SmittyJ into Scott. I'm going to leave it
Yes. Cris is good despite what Reddit says, plenty of players and actual analysts have vouched for him. Police and Eve are really good. That's the foundation of a strong team. Keane is the only one who might be an issue on the team
Because the visa issues have thrown things into disarray
Then how did those players win against Gamsu?
It's a joke, it falls apart if you look too deep into it =p
Don't think it's for revenge, it's to make sure it doesn't hurt others.
Gate at least has solo-lane experience since he started as a mid laner. Feng was a support/Bard main wasn't he?
I think his issue is that his LAN jitters combined with his lack of synergy with the team. Once he got behind he didn't know what to do to come back (doing it in the LCS with a cohesive team is much different from solo-queue) and this resulted in him being on a completely different page from the rest of Dig.
I think NRG will be good competition. NRG looked good, Immortals just played their comp better, NRG didn't look outclassed.
A poke comp has very little room for error and Immortals picked a comp that can match it and destroy it if the poke comp team falters. It came down to team cohesion and Immortals came out ahead.
More specifically, he doesn't have the right type of visa. He (and Rick Fox and Riot) could get in massive trouble if they continued to play without having the appropriate visa
TL needs to go into damage control mode if they lose this match. Swap in the entire TLA roster or figure out what is going wrong behind the scenes, they're worse than even TIP right now.
Correct. Unless i'm mistaken Hard, KFO and Froggen only have tourist visas. They need athletic visas.
Froggen, Hard and KFO could get in massive, massive trouble with the government if it was found out they only had tourist visas.
Froggen, Hard and KFO only have tourist visas. They need an athletic visa.
His snitching may have saved their asses in the long run so can't fault him too much.
Lourlo and the other damage dealers aren't playing badly, they're just not working together at all. Lourlo has some great ults... but when none of the team is around. Piglet and Fenix are playing well, but they have no team to utilize that power. It's crazy how no one is on the same page.
Everyone involved would have gotten in deep shit. Hell, I expect Riot to eventually fine Echo Fox, the quick saturday ban was the "oh shit" reaction after learning the situation.
Cool fact, 7/10 players in that game were only challenger players last split!
Likely same visa issues that Echo Fox has. He might have a tourist visa when he needs an athletic visa
WildTurtle imo. He's been on point this weekend.
They could just switch around the dragon buff order. Make the current 1-stack buff a 3-stack instead and vice versa. This would put more emphasis on dragon if they wanted to get the stat buff.
Teams take away Alistar and Thresh and Remi plays Morg despite her not being the greatest in the meta. Why not Braum against a poke team?
Freeze wouldn't fix Remi and Crumbz playing very poorly.
TIP had literally 0 games played together, both import players had just arrived and were probably jetlagged and Gate isn't even a top main. TIP has excuses, but Renegades... goodness.
The concerns people had are looking true. Ban out Thresh and take or ban Alistar and she falls apart.
That's ruthless by Gate. Also, he looks like a mix between Scarra and xwx.
She can only say that for so long before she needs to reconsider her choice of being a pro gamer. I get being self-conscious, but step up or step down.
Just look at the team comp though. Morg counters magic damage and CC. Nidalee was literally the only AP champion on TiP. Braum is fantastic against poke. He could stop rockets, Varus arrows, Nidalee spears, GP Q, but instead she went with Morg.
Generally the support requests when to be lifted. I doubt LoD would have thrown Remi into fights if she wanted to disengage.
There's also some decent overlap between top and mid atm. I imagine as a (previous) mid main he can play Ryze and Lulu who are fine top. Probably stuff like Vlad as well.
It's almost like Morg is a terrible pick against an AD poke team. Unlike, say, Braum.
It's worrying that REN is going to live or die by Freeze carrying. That will never be a strong team.
Morg can be completely useless against certain comps, a comp like TiP's for example. When TiP had already grabbed Alistar there was no reason to put priority on Morg. I'm not entirely sure that she just didn't hit a wall her champion pool and was forced onto Morg.
The support generally requests Fate's Call usage. Lemon used to say "up, up, up" when he wanted Sneaky to use it, for example. Most likely those poor Fate Calls were on Remi and not LoD, Lod is not that aggressive of a player as to try and engage like that.
The lack of Hai causes C9 to be shit, not Bunny.
Her Thresh wasn't that great when she played it in the LCS. Her play has been all around poor so far.
Hoping that a single player can pull out some wins is a terrible long term solution. I imagine that'd also burn out Freeze eventually, there's no way he wants to be on Copenhagen Wolves v.2
True but I imagine with Remi being the team's main initiator you kinda just have to trust in her decision-making. It would start causing trust issues if the adc will randomly overrule one of the shotcaller's calls. The saying is "5 players following a bad call is better than 3 following a great one"
TiP wasn't a cc based team comp. The only cc they really had was Alistar, their game plan was to poke and siege which Braum is fantastic against. If TiP was playing a pick comp I could understand the Morg but she was useless against what TiP was running.
If he can grow a fro that magnificent he'll be my new favorite player.
The weaboos were right all along, always choose Asian female in the character creator
Really great is a stretch, they lost one match and had an incredibly long and sloppy match against TL
My guess is either toxicity in solo-queue got him banned, or he was shitting the bed in scrims
Hint: SmittyJ is European and Gamsu isn't
On Elise. He has mechanical talent he just needs to display it on more than one champ
Based on two games fresh from challenger with nearly no team practice?
I'd love to see this team full of no-names somehow be a dark horse. They're exciting to watch since they're such an unknown quantity.
Unfortunately REN is import capped with Freeze and Alex Ich
He could pretty easily go to NA. The top teams aren't really looking for junglers though so he'd likely have to start in challenger or join a lower tier team.
There's not a lot of EU players in NA, regardless of how it seems at first glance. Enemy is the only CS team with a EU player (Obvious, their Jungler), and NA LCS only has 8 EU players in it.
He can play in the LCS, just not the EU LCS. If he wanted to he could pretty easily join the NA LCS (or CS) but relocating across the world is a huge commitment.
Unless I miscounted, 32 if we don't count the 5 extra members of TL and BunnyFuFu
There's no way. Uproot their entire broadcast studio, their entire staff, 50 players, casters, etc. etc. is out of the question.
Except they're massively different.
Don't you mean Darshan National Park?^Sorry ^dumb ^joke Really cool picture!
It's nice to see teams taking a gamble on challenger social media talent
As someone on the east coast, 6PM PST is brutal.
I mean, he's quite a good writer if you've read his stuff.
The only team they have a chance of beating is C9 if they play Bunny instead of Hai. With Hai there's no chance. Maybe against CLG if CLG fumble the early game like they did against C9 and CLG underperforms. I fully expect to see a 1-7 Renegades. They're a one-threat team and that single threat can't even play atm.
That's the big mistake people make, they don't actually put in effort to improve. Grinding solo-queue will help you improve some, but actively trying to improve on your mistakes and learn how to be a better player is much more effective.
The application to join TSM is just two questions: rank and nationality.
You're playing at probably the lowest population time. Some east coast is just waking up and west coast is asleep. Last night around 9EST I was having 1 minute wait times as mid/top.
It's a pretty big drawback of them trying to make a squad that is korean as possible. There's probably not many big talent players in NA that can also speak Korean.
League is the most profitable f2p game in the world. Dynamic queue is clearly the death blow for it.
Moving away from Adobe air should help that.
Why would it be? That'd clash with the entire rest of the visual design
Lcs isn't metro, Metro is a very specific design guideline
Blade and Soul feels just enough like an action game that I start to compare it to them, but it's not good enough combat that it stands up to those games. Something like Skyforge feels more like PSO and is easily separated in my mind from single player games. Every time i've played B&amp;S I just want to go play a single player game with better combat, I never have felt that way with other MMOs. Might just not be a game for me though, as much as I enjoy the art style. I enjoy the minute-to-minute combat of Skyforge or even WoW over B&amp;S
He and SmittyJ should form a toxic team
His behavior on team number n was just a mistake, he'll mature and finally be a team player on team (n+1)
Apologies are easy, actually changing something is hard
You sound like you're projecting some hate for Riot into this comment
I'm so scared to start any C9 members. If Bunny plays they'll be terrible point-wise
Unrelated meme at it's finest
Prototype for adc and.... I can't think of a toxic mid off hand.
Just completed discrete math. Please no more induction proofs
Yeah i'm impressed. His accent isn't too bad either.
Piglet has always been very hard on himself. I imagine even though TL won he was still very unhappy/critical of how they played.
Thoughts on TIP and their surprising week 2 performance?
On average, how many chat messages does it take for you to cause the complete mental and emotional collapse of an allied player? Could you also do this in a team environment?
Jensen has good references though. Rush would happily vouch that he's a toxic eu boy
Being a rager in solo-queue doesn't necessarily mean that they are that way in a team environment.
more people should be like Rush and learn to be a kind boy
The Elephant's Foot is actually just the harddrive that contained K0u's chat logs.
I think TL can actually be one of the best. They obviously have the talent, they are just struggling to perform on LAN. It's really not too surprising if you consider that 3/5ths of the team was in challenger before this split. This team is full of players new to the LCS.
You only really have two options: Contact support and hope they give you another chance, or make a new account.
Yup! There's no guarantee that TL will ever be able to convert it to LAN, but for now i'm willing to chalk it up to how many rookies they have on the team.
It's probably shallow of me, but I liked watching a mostly all NA team beat up a team who only wants Koreans.
NRG didn't try to built a Korean only roster. Moon is about as un-Korean as they come. 3/5ths of NRG are native NA players, and Impact and GBM are trying really hard to learn English. TDK feels like a team that wants nothing to do with NA palyers and Seraph still does interviews in Korean despite being here for years.
Replace Kez with who? He might be the only resident high ranked challenger jungler in NA who can speak Korean.
Seraph can speak English (hopefully, he's been here years), Kez can, Ninja and Ohq can learn or get translated. Would have been smarter to grab someone like Xpecial than Bishu.
Imo it would be smarter to give up on the Korean speakers only requirement and grab a better jungler and support. Have Seraph translate in-game if need be but limiting themselves to only players who can speak Korean massively limits their player options.
I think i'll pass, thanks! Regular induction proofs weren't the bad ones really, it was strong induction that gave me nightmares.
Nope, it was COT3100 at my uni
Ouch, kinda dickish by Gravity/Echo Fox to keep Move in contract limbo.
He and his sick gold chain
Ah the Paragon Maneuver
Scrapped
It was never officially announced, just various Riot comments have mentioned they went back to the drawing board on him. The kit didn't pan out and they might try again at some point but he's low priority atm
They should pick up maplestreet just to give him flashbacks (and get an upgrade)
Hopelly Deilor can motivate Gamsu to learn english because it seems he learned almost none despite being in NA for a year.
It's interesting that Spirit and Reignover appear to have opposite trajectories. Reignover was mediocre in KR and earned the nickname "GameOver". Spirit was fantastic in Korea. Over time Spirit has declined while Reignover has gotten better and better.
I think they would have been fine if they have retained either Yellowstar or Reignover (since he learned to shotcall) but losing both took fnatic out at the knees.
I imagine it's especially hard for Bjerg as he was the shotcaller for so long. Ignoring the call you'd want to make and trusting in someone else's is incredibly hard.
Just loudly moan like a water buffalo in heat and an employee will direct you to the right area
MaRin was their shotcaller iirc. That's a rough player to lose.
Visa issues like Hard and KFO
Unfortunately anyone who wants to play in the NA lcs and isn't from the United States has to have the athletic visa
I don't use many 'metro apps' (not sure what they're officially called?) as I mostly use my Pro 3 for note taking in class and coding/projects while i'm on the go. I didn't go for the finger print sensor so it was $130 and with how much I use it i'd definitely say it was worth the money.
NA LCS is USA LCS and EU LCS is Germany LCS when it comes to visas =p
The LCS only broadcasts at 720/60 so your's should look that good or better if you're maxed out at 1920x1080 and running at 60fps
Both the 4's type cover and pen are fully compatible with the Pro 3. It's probably more expensive though. You could get a 3 type cover for cheap these days, I'd recommend the 4's type cover by far if you'll be doing much typing
I know! It was a surprise to me as well, but a very pleasant one. Fits the 3 perfectly and is many multitudes better.
TSM has been looking better and better. It's going to take time for a team full of veteran players to learn to work together. New TSM isn't like the Fnatic roster Yellowstar built where he had a lot of rookies who are easier to mold and teach.
Gamsu isn't a NA top laner though? Not sure what this comment is about
The only western ADC shotcallers I can think of are Mash and Nien (and Zuna, previously). It seems like a thing to avoid.
It's not intelligence imo, it's how much an ADC has to focus on already. Last hitting, lane pressure, the enemy adc and support, the jungler, your own support, wave control, etc. Having to also pay attention to every other lane and make calls is super hard to do.
Wow, I never noticed that.
I'm tall so I've never really had an issue with it on my lap, I have more than enough room for the kickstand. Overall it's definitely less convenient than a laptop in that situation due to the kickstand being required. Smaller people (i'm 6'3 for reference) might want to consider a different device if they'll be using it in their lap a lot. It'd definitely be near impossible for someone short to use comfortably in their lap I imagine. If they weren't trying to do work though they could just unsnap the keyboard and use it as in tablet mode. Getting a lap desk to extend the surface area you could place it on would also be a fix.
A good way I saw it described was: The iPad Pro is a tablet that can act as a laptop sometimes, the Surface Pro is a laptop that can act as a tablet sometimes.
Yup! I love taking notes on it. Unfortunately my handwriting is just as bad on a Surface as it was on paper
It should be mentioned that for the Surface Pro line it's less convenient than a laptop if you don't have a table available to place it on. Unless you're tall you may struggle to use it comfortably in your lap for work since it requires the kickstand. In every other situation I've found it better than my old laptop.
I enjoy the new pen more, but it's a smaller upgrade than the type cover was. The high friction pen tip is a joy to use and using the other end to erase like a normal eraser is natural to do
Yeah those NA players of Froggen and KFO
I'm sorry i'm not sure.
Oh jeez, yeah I can't imagine it being very usable in your lap at 5'2. I have over a foot on you and I feel like my lap is just big enough that it works well.
Yup! Pro 4 type cover works 100% with pro 3
Sub-EF didn't look bad last week, they just struggled to close out the game (which makes sense since it was nearly all challenger players). I think they might honestly pull off an upset.
Kobe's "uuuuuuhhhhhhhhhh" after the game was perfect.
Yeah because EU was so much cleaner this week [](#face-ok)
Oh please, EU had quite a few clown fiestas this week as well.
Fnatic flair and trash talking NA. Where else would I assume he's from?
How so? I don't remember going into EU threads and saying stuff like "lol eu is so bad"
Rush is a kind boy, not a troll
He and his baller chain
Impact didn't look so hot, hardly was only Moon's fault
Seriously. It's only natural that Turtle looked terrible on late-2015 TSM. That team was super passive in every single lane, where Turtle is one of the most aggressive ADCs in the west. That's the world possible team style for him to be on.
Renegades as a whole is mediocre. The only one who looked decent that game was Alex. Alex and Freeze will have to carry that team if they don't want to be relegated.
Copenhagen Wolves v.2. It hurts to say that about a team Alex Ich is on, but his solo-kill on Pobelter this match was the first time he's looked good this split.
It's like a Chinese team transplanted into NA. So exciting to watch.
I feel like Pobelter might be a bad choice for fantasy. He's a great player but a lot of the kills will be funneled onto Huni and WT.
That's pretty much it imo. mid/late 2015 TSM was incredibly passive which is a really bad fit for WT. The combination of a team style that fits him and increased motivation brought back beastly WT.
I don't believe Riot drug tests pros. I imagine if she outright told them she'd get in trouble but if no one said anything she could probably get away with using them
Freeze would have to 1v2 for that to be the best botlane in NA
What even is this comment? I like Immortals, not sure why you think i'm salty that NRG lost?
Beating all the shit teams and losing against the best teams would still leave them as a middle of the pack team. That's pretty damn good for a team that was expected to be the worst team to ever play in the LCS.
He's the love child of Scarra and XWX. Finally my fanfiction comes to life.
I think you mean the spring split, they were relegated in the summer split. Yeah T8 was an all-around solid team in spring, nearly the definition of a middle of the pack team.
I never said Turtle looked terrible, I said he didn't really mesh with how TSM played at the end of 2015.
Ah yeah I meant relegated as in they had to play in the relegation tournament, not relegated as in dropped out of the LCS. I apologize, that was poor wording by me!
Are you just ignoring the actual meaning of what I wrote? Someone looking terrible does not mean they are terrible, which was the entire point of the post you quoted out of context. I love how redditors can pull part of a post out of context and pretend it proves their point. :D
Silly google, [this is what an adder looks like](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a9/Full-adder.svg/300px-Full-adder.svg.png)
The Rush hype is for when Rush is not playing Nidalee. My Rush hype goes on pause whenever C9 locks in Nidalee due to Lemon having an unfortunate aneurysm during p/b.
He was TLA's shotcaller so I assume he's also TL's since Dominate left and he was TL's previous shotcaller. Feeding has nothing to do with his overall shotcalling. Also, they straight up talked about Matt being the shotcaller in the most recent Rebirth.
Probably going to be downvoted since it goes against the sentiment in this thread, but i'm the opposite of you. Been playing since closed beta and for some reason i've hit like a second wind on league this season. I'm enjoying it the most i've ever enjoyed it and I might actually hit plat this season.
Scrims? Get in contact with other high level teams. Create a website with a list of high level teams looking for scrims and contact them. It's a minor and solvable issue.
How would ranked 5s be different? You'll also encounter a wide and fluctuating skill gap there. It was a pretty bad ladder, Riot even stopped using it for Unversity and Challenger stuff. Putting in the word to find good scrim partners is much more beneficial than ranked 5s would be. Also, this is still talking about the top 1% of players, something that has no bearing on a vast, vast majority of reddit users. Seeing them go so up in arms over it is strange.
But you can lol. If you're in Diamond and playing like a gold or plat player then people will know you're boosted. If you're playing up to the standards of your rank then, tada, you are proving that you got there based on your skill. You very much can prove it's legit by your play. How did you prove that you weren't boosted last season when you could just have someone log in as you and boost you? What you're saying is silly. The fact that you're in, say, diamond and playing like a diamond player will show that you got there based on skill. I don't see what's difficult about that concept.
That's what they're talking about. Chances are the 5v5 queue had far less players than regular solo-queue. Once you get up to the higher ranks this difference in population becomes even more pronounced and it becomes difficult to find a quality match for a team. This would become even worse in the case of a server like NA which is smaller than other major servers like EU and KR.
The scramble of people instalocking the champion they want to play is always funny in blind pick. It's like musical chairs with roles.
It may be a result of how their scrims went, or how well Inori is adapting to competitive play, same with Slooshi and Nien since they took a prolonged break.
I think he needs to go to a team with a strong coach who can get him under control. I think someone like Rick Fox with so much competitive and life experience could be a good influence on him. Dardoch to Echo Fox pls
Oh, that's awesome then. Hopefully he can develop the potential he saw in Moon. It will be interesting to see what the team's dynamic is since they have one less carry threat on the team.
If there were any other viable places to discuss League i'd abandon this place in a heartbeat. It's so frustrating to read lately. I want to discuss the game of League, not read post upon post of bitching about the game. Can't wait for LCS to come back and give some distraction.
Doing some extra design work on a feature means it's on fire? What?
Yeah, I've tried the TL forums and some other subreddits but they're just not active enough, unfortunately.
It's time for the glorious return of Ocelote
Wait, people dislike LFR? I use it a lot :x
Considering LCS spots are selling for $1 mil+, all the sponsorships, salaries (especially in places like NA and China), contract buyout prices, massive venues and viewership numbers, League *is* a multi million dollar industry? FWIW I agree, they can't only prioritize pro players, but the esport side of League is *huge*
Oh I know, but he definitely hangs around and seems to have an active hand in the team. I imagine he'd be someone to step in and know how to handle a young, skilled but headstrong player like Dardoch.
But premades don't always effect you either. The matchmaking system accounts for people queuing together, though not as aggressively as it should. In many cases you'll still come out with a balanced match even when you're against a premade, and you'll also benefit from premades. People are making it out to be a bigger issue than it is, and in some cases using it as an excuse for why they can't climb instead of looking at their own play. It's a new and fresh excuse for elo hell.
He regularly posts pictures of himself at LCS matches and with the players. He's busy no doubt, but he seems to be around the players a decent amount. He even posted pictures of being with them in Korea during their bootcamp.
I don't think he's an official coach, no. His understanding of League is probably pretty limited. I based it off just seeing a lot of pictures he posts with the players and such, he even posted some from being with them at the Korea bootcamp. He was coached by one of the best basketball coaches to ever exist. I would hope that he could impart some of that to his players.
I didn't mean babysit Dardoch, it could even be giving the team coach some guidelines how to deal with a player like that. He has a lot of experience in traditional sports, most League coaches in the west have almost none. Rick Fox might have a better idea how to deal with a player like Dardoch than a team like TL, that doesn't mean he has to sit there any babysit Dardoch. He runs his team based off his knowledge.
Yeah that's definitely a big issue. I hope their solution to match those players against harder opponents works.
Please, let us have one safe zone where the solo queue drama doesn't reach -.-
Memes are dumb and people like those. Thought maybe they'd not take a joke about Ekko's ult so seriously :p
Oh well
Yup, you're right. I'm a dummy -.-
Did you respond to the right comment??
What could they possibly offer diamond+ players to incentivize support? They don't care about IP at that level.
Player since beta here. Can confirm I've come back after every break. I've played this long, it would take quite a bit to make me not play
So your only evidence the game has peaked is they didn't put out numbers? Yet Riot had their highest profit year last year, Worlds viewership keeps breaking records, and they just opened a new Japan server. None of those sound like a peaked game.
They fixed support quite a bit by making them have higher gold income. How would you make them more fun?
Oh I definitely agree for under high diamond, its just high diamond+ where it doesn't work, but unfortunately thats also where the issue is.
In solo queue you didn't choose your role...
Its summer and all the kids are going full force on the hate train.
Oh they can, but they usually can't dedicate entire days to it
Riot is a big company, people come and go all the time. Same for any game dev company
Who else has left besides Lyte -- who had been taking a break for a while -- and IronStylus?
Nick Allen? He landed a big position at Twitch. After all the community flak he got, getting a higher position AND out of the community eye must be a big career boon
I'm not so sure. With how strong cs seems this season he'll probably focus on that. Reapered probably has the main team under control
Since Dexter declared NA resident, isn't Dexter the NA Dexter? EU stealing our interviewers!
Oh god we've reached recursion.
I don't think reduced AA range really classifies as "clunky", it's not like they're changing animation time or adding a delay to an ability. It just makes it riskier for him to go in for cs.
I think i'd prefer that over damage nerfs. It increases the risk of picking Fizz. You struggle in lane but you can snowball very hard due to your damage. Having a bad laning phase *and* less damage would make his viability as a pick even worse. You can play around a bad laning phase, making up for lost damage is harder. It emphasizes his weakness while keeping his strength.
More than them have spoken out. I just used them as example. Hell, Goldenglue was even speaking out against it and he's far from a big name. Riot has never gone against a pro for criticizing them, and plenty of pros have done so
Huhi doesn't take an import slot. Hes been in NA for a long time
Its running at 30fps instead of 60 I think.
Yes, they do. Fairly certain hes counted as an na resident.
On twitter the producer said they'll be going back to 60fps soon.
He said its 1080/30. I believe it used to be 720/60. So they're bumping up resolution and then frame rate later. Probably not doing both right away at the same time. Def looks crisper
He trained in the Gravity chamber
Analyst*, Analist sounds.. like something else :p
Yeah seems that way to me as well
Very narrow view. The western regions are a minor part of League esports. The east -- Korea and china -- is where the majority of the millions of views come from. NA lcs is back to regular numbers atm, and both lpl and lck have had no drop in viewership.
Not surprising looking at the teams.
They are holding multiple games simultaneously, so multiple streams.
Truly the dream team
Best of 3 format now. Not enough hours to run them all without concurrent streams
Lol it takes longer than that to develop a system like dq
He also said it again today. If you see Dash's face be ready for spoilers.
I remember all the comments about how it was Froggen and 4 bad players when the roster was announced. Seeing the team come together is cathartic
Reapered did a lot of work to help them get over losing Hai
Not always good for the viewer, but I bet the teams appreciate it even if some of them are boring!
They actually put up a fight and didn't look like headless chickens. Its a clear markup from the last time they didn't have Hai. Calls were being made and people followed them
Dardoch was their shot caller. Lost talent and shot calls.
Based off the C9 video series and different results from last time they didn't have Hai. They look much more competent as a team.
Mastery is coming to aram...
B... but I thought evil Riot was stiff arming all the pro players and teams to talk positively about dynamic queue?!
They talked about it and confirmed it like a week ago.
TL looks so bad without Dardoch. Its sad.
Tl suspended him until week 3. If they cave and bring him back before then, TL's leadership will look really weak and lack conviction
Yup. I'm torn on it.
Fantasy site says he's suspended until week 3 and unlikely to play until then. I was going off that, my bad
These answers won't be biased at all with the narrative on this subreddit. Spoiler : people who didn't quit will respond to the poll since its another avenue to bitch about dq
Those things aren't mutually exclusive
Ahh I miss the old Jesse Perring memes. He still works there iirc
That bad team just beat CLG
GBM is trapped in elo hell though
Technically he got banned because he wouldn't stop running an org :p
Do you still play WoW? I'm really looking forward to Legion. IT KEEPS DRAGGING ME BACK IN
I'd put Aatrox's weapon at #1. Isn't his entire lore about how strong his weapon is?
They even had some challenger talent for a bit. Iirc Morning and Licorice were on the roster, two promising players. Then they just brought in experienced players and dropped them. I was looking forward to them getting to develop under a player like Hai.
Oh he can definitely carry, but Rush hard carries imo. Even when Meteos carries its about him getting his team ahead where Rush will 1v5.
Honestly I'm not so sure. Dt and Nova both looked pretty strong. I don't know that C9C can run over them.
The community uses the phrase competitive integrity far, far more than Riot ever has. Its a meme that people use to bash Riot even when they didn't use it.
Hard, Big, Stixxay were all good rookies. Not superstars but lcs caliber
&gt;I don't get where all the hate for Frnic is coming from. He has looked Daley the past couple games Interesting take on spelling.
Assuming direct control!
I wonder if Tl will try to get a sports psychologist to help him?
I can only assume that they had more success with Inori in scrims and thats why they let Zentinel go once Inori is cleared to play. It'd be cool to see a team with new talent succeed, but I agree they probably don't do well
Cs teams, tla and maybe lower ranked teams like Echo Fox
Can't really draw conclusions from one bad game. Everyone has those
Is GBM secretly a lizard?
Ah, yup! Thank you, it was driving me nuts trying to remember.
OHQ went against the Gate Keeper and was found lacking.
Antenna has been crashing so much for me lately. Every hour. Tried reinstalling and no luck.
Keith has good mechanics, but competitive is a whole different beast. He needs someone to guide him and help him develop, but the team is full of rookies except Froggen.
Yeah they looked to be on the upswing at the end of last split, a borderline playoff team that I expected to move up to being middle of the pack. They pulled a T8 and their performance dropped off hard.
He's like a more extreme Hai when Hai was C9's mid. He brings a lot to the team but at some point his drawbacks are just too much. He's getting exploited. He also doesn't have Hai's highs.
At the end of Hai's tenure his mechanics were lacking as was his champ pool. Hai brought shotcalling and leadership, but he was a weak point on the team in mid.
League is back above Overwatch if I'm not mistaken
No, they're referring to Electric Light Orchestra
EF definitely needs a better coaching staff. 4/5ths of the players are quite new to competitive. Cop is not the coach to develop talent like KFO or help Keith convert his solo queue skill into competitive.
Piglet -- a korean -- also picked up his play quite a bit after coming to NA.
I've gotten raged at and met way more trolls in Overwatch than I have in League in the past year. People in Overwatch have a strange obsession with calling others "faggot"
time for the annual "league is dead gaem" train!
Pros in other games like CSGO do this all the time. Why is it suddenly bad for the game long term when it's League pros doing it? It's a pretty clear line. You get on a challenger team, you then get access to tournament realm and you can join these in-houses.
When Piglet was in Korea before coming to TL he was at the low point of his career. No top teams wanted him. He came to NA because TL was pretty much his only option. Last split he was playing *really* well, he looked like one of the top ADCs in the west. That's a big improvement from when he joined TL.
Any chance we'll see videos from you that go in-depth on a team and their issues? For example, I'd love to watch a video that really breaks down Echo Fox and what their major issues are and their strengths/weaknesses.
Give him a year or two and he can become the Seraph of EU
That's true, but Pob also can't really go full carry style like Perkz can imo. Perkz has that Bjergsen-factor where he can just take over games. Pobelter isn't that type of player. I'm not sure it's fair to really compare them as they have different strengths and roles in the team. Immortals isn't as mid focused as G2 is.
Kikis was the obvious weak point on G2, but he wasn't a weak player imo. He was solid if unremarkable. I think him looking relatively weak on the team is just a testament to how many strong players G2 has.
\#80MinutesTheDream
I still remember people screaming about how the Viktor changes would ruin him and he was going to be terrible to play.
&gt;froggen and even is a sven one trick at this point Are you okay, man?
I think you vastly overestimate how many people know about and care about GamerGate. A vast majority of the people who play games have no idea what it is or who Zoe Quinn is.
That'd actually be really rad and a nice gesture to the budding Japanese community.
Same boat here.
Never thought I'd end up thinking that EnVy came out ahead by having LoD instead of Freeze.
This is the EU we know and love. Every team beats each other and in the end Fnatic will win.
No, they didn't. They wanted them to share play time. Pobelter didn't want that.
They're not *that* bad. They still put up a fight. They'd still beat the weaker teams.
I think Monte was right. He said they're a decent team but as other teams get it together they'll settle around middle of the pack.
Hell yeah!
I explore this exact question in Chapter 4 of my fan fiction
Lulu trap confirmed.
Yeah, it's a super unfortunate and outlandish way to die.
IMT vs G2 is still my most desired matchup in the west. They're both so aggro, it'd be an exciting match.
Tirion has been eating his veggies.
Didn't retire he's no longer with Riot
Sorry its not so simple to say Trick &gt; Meteos and Sven/Mithy &gt; Sneaky/(Smoothie|Bunny). I think it'd be a really good match. I think they're about even in strength. I don't think any lane would outclass the other except maybe Impact would beat his counterpart atm.
Not sure why you're being downvoted. It's a fact that if you cut off the 3rd game from bo3 you'd end up with a lot of ties. Its bad reasoning for regional strength.
Ahh there it is, was waiting for the classic "dying game!" comment
Mostly the second. I don't think C9s bot would outright lose as Sneaky is very consistent and rarely gets behind, I think G2's has an edge on them -- but its not a great way to gauge a team matchup.
Oh shit, that'd be awesome. Difficult to time, but awesome.
I mean, not if they ever want to play competitive.
I doubt most of them go pro to make big money.
Depends on the person. I imagine the average lower ranked lcs player could make more money going to college and getting a job. Some are driven by the desire for competition and pro gaming being a dream job
