Flair removed. No longer a NiP fan. My 3.5k mmr pubs have more discipline than they have. I've been criticizing their Yolo style for a long time on this sub-reddit. I can not support a team that is unwilling to learn from their mistakes,
The exception that proves the rule!
As EE mentioned the other day, if Korea rises in Dota we are all lost!
Cheer up! We're not being deadly serious here. For the record I have a degree in Mechanical engineering.
The only way they could win yesterday was by NiP giving the win to the.
Yeah, it really should just be west and east in regions (NA in the same as the US). As I mentioned to another poster though, ping is the bottle neck.
They picked Jugg earlier in the qualifers and won so it's not that he's suddenly a bad pick. His biggest issue is his mana problems.
DotaPit 3 has one of the top 10 highest prize pools in a Dota tournament ever. It's baffling that it has gone to such absolute arse with this in mind and all the raves it was drawing for its organization earlier this season.
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN???
Play more WD and ES. Good aggressive supports are rare in low level pubs.
There's no questioning Qojva's skill but he seemed VERY off at time in the Ti qualifiers. Given Black's Gosugamers interview on some communication issues in the team it feels fairly obvious that his uncoordinated plays were the cause for some grief.
You are missing the point. It was the boring meta I was lamenting not Chinese Dota. To not offend anyone sensitive I'll remove the "chinese" word.
The Roman Empire is a better comparison, bringing stability and rulership but often through costly tribute and submission.
Love the work you put in, but what is a "Point of Interest"? Is this an addition by yourself or something that's actually in the game?
We are not talking about the same thing. Triss explaining everything to Geralt about his past in W1 would include tons of stuff that does not contribute anything to the plot and story of that game. It would only serve to confuse a player that hasn't read the books. I believe we have to accept that this is a game design decision rather than something that is supposed to reflect on her character in the game.
I dunno. Whenever I see Jennifer Connelly on screen I think "ass to ass".
You keep missing the point, the entire amnesia part in W1 is a designer vehicle for giving players of W1 a fresh start regardless of whether they have read the books or not. It is not a reflection on any of the characters in the game.
Techies now also confirmed to be a pro-Dota cancer as well as pub cancer. Versus a 4-melee line up versus only a support ranged Lina it was a great pick though. Secret's drafting is just levels above the rest of the competition.
Saw one when I was hunting the forktail with Eskel as well.
I have to say this sounds... odd. Sweden is hardly known for stringent or bureaucratic visa requirements.
He's actually a friend of Loda so I don't think that's happening. Also did you see him as a panel member for DreamLeague? Not the dramatic type.
What you experience in the dialogue in W3 is that the characters talk to each other like they have an actual history and they are friends. Even if the observer (ie the player) might not know the circumstances of a particular situation the in-game characters doesn't go off on some monologue where they address the air for a couple of minutes giving bundles of detail that everyone in the scene would already know. When a game does those things to me, I feel as if though it is treating me like I'm lazy, stupid or both (looking at you DA:I).
All the people complaining about the curved nature of the Griffin armor needs to check out historical armor from Europe rather than the stylistic ones you'll see in Hollywood movies. My best recommendation is the Metropolitan museum in NYC that has an amazing collection of medieval armor.
Even though I'm an Alliance fan I think this was mostly on Sumail doing some very questionable plays. [A] was extremely fast on punishing him when he was out of position.
Wish granted.
And accurate.
NiP throw incoming. When they get a slightly bad start they panic and try to just fight from behind to catch up, which means they just end up feeding and losing faster. As I've said countless times on this subreddit, they completely lack discipline and resemble a pub stack in these situations. You can see it clear, NiP are just running right at a LC now that's 10k+ ahead. LC doesn't even need to initiate. They are completely unable to grasp any other tactic than teamfighting or ganking.
Anyone got stats for Earthshakers being played in a core role? I feel that every time it appears it's extremely underwhelming compared to a true offlaner.
Infinite loop. Lucky I'm not OCD.
How does that saying go? He/she has a good set on her shoulders?
[A] picking Io+Tiny first and showing that they yet have not absorbed the meta. And just like the last time they ran it they go all utility outside Loda and Pajkatt. The result is NiP getting Leshrac and QoP AGAIN. [A] being draft hipsters while NiPs draft is as usual far easier to execute. **But** then another classic NiP mechanic strikes. Always trying to take every fight and throwing bodies in even when they've taken causalities.
Lol? They placed #2 in a LAN where they just beat out VP and EG.
Void is actually very fine and balanced right now. A situational pick but still viable in the right situations. The time where you pick him to get 4-man chronos however is past. These days he's better utilized to spend his ulti as soon as it is up just getting single pick-offs.
Secret is the obvious favorite. After that however it gets very murky fast. The Dota scene just now is just so incredibly competitive currently! We saw this weekend Alliance and Fnatic beating EG, LC and NiP ousting VP. Does this mean VP and EG all of a sudden are tier 3 teams? No, there's just so very little margin for error in today's tournaments.
&gt;Techies. 54 matches, 63% win rate Techies players have no friends.
Ah, an indoctrinated victim of the patriarchy.
I don't get it?
Byline: We are never ever getting back together.
So what if he touched some children, he's still Michael Jackson!
Exactly... hence the confusion.
Literally Stannis Baratheon.
How did WR escape?
They are a new team every month!
While I applaud CDPR for bringing us such a great game with a well-deserved high score a part of me is sad. Metacritic scores sadly are a metric for bonuses at many game developers. This has led to massive inflation for game scores in general. Old coot coming out now, but I remember a time back when GameSpot was good and their 75% score indicated a game that was close to great. These days a 75% score is a massive flop. Anything below 90% is basically a disappointment.
Yes, because I disagree with the score. I think W3 is one of the top 5 RPGs I've ever played (I've been around since the C64) but it is not 6% removed from being the perfect game. I can't think of any game that is.
I'm still waiting for someone to make sense of an AC ending.
Are you not trusting me when I say that's my opinion? Anyhow, you're missing the point, it could be any game in the 90% range of which there are tons, it's the game score inflation and the inability to really discern between game that's the issue. Since just about all AAA titles land around that score range.
I greatly enjoyed this... but please never say YOLO again Soe! Also, Cap's nipples. Btw, when will we get more claymodel vids?
A save game editor for this game is badly needed. Nexusmods, make it so!
Alliance being drafting hipsters again. It's like they willfully draft heroes shit in this meta to prove some kind of point (and failing at it).
All top teams abuse the meta, it's the smart thing to do if you want to win. The scene is so competitive today that the slightest edge sets you ahead.
Daedalus on Gyro instead of satanic. NiP throw incoming. It's like they have a mental aversion for closing out games they are leading. The kings of bad late game decisions - they are more interested in not losing than in winning.
Changing players is a long way from disbanding. At MLG they also defeated, Mouz, Fnatic, VP and Alliance who had earlier eliminated EG - so again, twitch chat level reasoning. EDIT: Lol I see you now only have 5 reddit posts, all saying NiP should disband and negative karma. I kinda regret even opening this discussion you're obviously just an angry hater.
But they didn't disband, which is what I was making a point against.
And I was specifically protesting about the disband part. As stated.
As Edgar Allan Poe noted, the best way to hide is in plain sight.
#productionvalue
Dota 2 now banned in Australia. They have shit servers anyhow.
Finally I code my hero to get a hissy fit if I click him 10x times! Oh Tides of Darkness... how I still remember you!
The exodus to HoTS is nigh. Dota Reborn won't be able to stem the tide.
Let's see, assuming 20 armor an extra 102 points of pure dmg is something like 180 regular dmg no? It's not MASSIVE for the late game, Tiny/Medusa and their ilk can reach those figures as well through items.
IT's funny, if I could skip the first half of Velen (up around til after the tower of mice) I would probably start a new game. Now I'm not so sure. I want to try Pillars of Eternity, it's supposed to be very old school. I guess I should finish DA:I first though. It feels like a chore though, got bored with the grind around the desert.
I'm sure they didn't qualify for any other reason. Kids seem to think that the only possible position a team is in is either Tier 1 or complete trash while in reality the EU+CIS scene is incredibly competitive and the top 15 teams in the region all being able to take games from each other.
You need to work on your reading comprehension. You also need a hug to deal with all the anger in your life.
7.1Gb Time to draw a pentagram of goat's blood on the floor and offer up my souls to the dark gods of bandwidth.
One of the biggest LAN's in the world, played in Germany. Not a single German player (kky doesn't count). Feels like there's a lot of room for growth here if the game would take a bigger hold in the country.
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/daffy_fapping.gif
Got me there. I always thought he was Swiss for some reason.
I don't know what Loda is doing any more. It's like he's playing another game while the rest of the team are all pulling another direction. If he had only shown up for that fight on the bottom Radiant Tier 1 tower they would likely have wiped EG and finished the game early. His jump into the Rosh pit was also pub level play.
"That's no lassies. Lassies got titties"
Draft and Loda's inability to carry the last year are the source of their issues. Akke, Bulldog, Pajkatt could still fit on any world class team. Mad actually plays good as a #4 but if his drafts can't get better he has no place in the team.
A plea for nuanced and reasonable discourse on Reddit? Good one!
CM's "balloons" aren't appropriately big.
AKA dirty console peasants.
Gift me Arcanas before you Del plz.
I don't agree that is the case at all, and I don't think it's any point going into the details of it since you immediately assume you've been a fan longer than I. That tells me it'd be the typical expect internet "discussion" not going anywhere.
He's mostly goofing.
Why Scythe though? Just for the control?
The management "Jacob" he speaks of, is that Maelk?
Nah, it's just Bulldog's online persona. The man is an entertainer and businessman.
You listen to him.
We can tell you love him but let's stick to reality a bit. His total earnings come out to 200k http://www.esportsearnings.com/games/231-dota-2 Isn't it embarrassing just throwing out blatant falsehoods like that which can be easily debunked?
I suspect all of Fnatic has signed.
The very concept that earnings are a definite measurement of a players skill/success is such a flawed notion to begin with that I can't take it seriously. Ti4 Newbee are the highest esports earners of all time so I guess they must be the best esport players of all time amirite :)
I'll give you a pass since by your own admission you struggle with English. So I'll explain that winnings and earnings are two different things.
If you only move in lanes, then Techies holds little power to you. The thing is that Techies should be counter-picked like other heroes relying on a narrow set of factors. Death push really cripples Techies, especially if he has a slow start with a late lvl6. Without map control Techies is the most harmless hero in the game.
I know some Wallons who would claim that to be an exaggeration. You love each other right?
I guess someone at NiP are celebrating this good news, with the unfortunate leave of Limmp recently.
Their fans are pretty used to it.
I bet they'll send a card to s4 and peeps.
And here I thought RTZ was the Kanye of Dota, but it was ppd all along!
Did you read the link? This was on his 5.3K smurf where he was being experimental.
Everyone pretty much agrees that the romances in W3 was one of the most lacking parts, for both Yen and Triss and how they interact they feel tacked on.
Ah, my mistake, I got the butt ugly Nightstalker immortal yesterday that I considered cashing in that I probably got it confused with.
Time to bet all the Maseratis on NAR and read a guide on how to DDOS. I can learn on 4chan right?
His squishiness makes him a liability in low to mid brackets however as he requires very careful positioning.
If Sing Sing can do it, then so can I. Right?
Dota hats rotate more €€€ than Greek economy.
http://www.twitch.tv/handsken/b/672397863 Can't recall the exact moment. He said it in Swedish when talking to Friberg/Xizst from NiP CS who he was stacking with.
Chaos Knight is the strongest of the fundamentals. AA is entropy incarnate. Weaver creates worlds/realities (there's no definite support in the lore that he created the universe though, seems like a misconception)
Batrider would like a few words.
[Nice la](https://i.warosu.org/data/tg/img/0210/25/1349633011941.png)
That's the joke
I know Llama will be casting a bunch on her channel. https://twitter.com/LlamaDownUnder/status/682972266552897536
Scientist here, I need more research material.
It's however greedy and provides little to the rest of the team. Maybe pubs make it work since there's little team play but I doubt pro supports will be using it.
Most notable opinion is probably the LGD pick over Liquid. Losing that Frankfurt early qualifier series to Alliance was just so disastrous for their invite status.
London Conspiracy won a close game versus PR in R64 which was definitely a Game for the R32 or even R16. Overall they've really cleaned up among tier 3 teams in Europe since transitioning from HoN back in October.
E Wolves and EnemyGG meeting already in the R32 is a shame. They are both among the top 4 for the entire American qualifier.
Given how strong LC have been lately that looks unlikely though.
Sad to see London Conspiracy being eliminated by STARK. They were super unlucky with their brackets having to also meet PowerRangers early. I have no doubt they'll be a force to be reckoned with in the next qualifier.
Bulldog is doing a very informative stream of the Steak vs Kaipi game currently. Breaking down plays very thoroughly.
STEAK = COOKED
Will be fun to see how ppd tolerates Thorin/Lewis.
4CL would undoubtedly have received an invite to the regional qualifiers had they locked their roster with a random support (after EGM left) so this result isn't all that surprising. They deserved their first place.
Aggressive tri-lane with a Puck? Someone explain that to me.
That's starting in the wrong end, a better way would be to have international qualifiers regardless of region.
This game reminded me why I'm not missing Tinker.
A pretty good 5th pick if the enemy doesn't have mana burn and lots of melee.
Harpy Stormcrafter just seems so rare to spawn though.
CK 15% winrate despite tons of buffs. I suspect he's going to be the cancer of 6.88 when he's buffed to the point that Phantasm just spawns 3 copies of him. Also, Terroblade winning games again! Haven't seen that since the illusion meta (6.82).
The stacking magic resistance on creeps probably helps. Also, like with many micro heroes it requires a special kind of player.
Better in terms of teams being higher ranked.
There's a special place in Low Prio Q resereved for Leafeator to the ends of time.
Somewhere in Sweden Akke is cackling madly with laughter.
It's official, Mamas boys are not 4CL. If Alliance doesn't do well at the major they are the Western European equivalent of Na'vi - destroying teams on the rise.
It was painful to watch. IT appeared as if they had some mental block that prevented them from going on the same target during fights.
Flair relevant.
Give LC some credit. They have looked very promising all season. There's a good reason The LC organization picked them up so fast after only two months as Princess Jellopy.
Fun for the whole family.
&gt; New account &gt; Instant negative karma &gt; Cancerous whiner Must be Ritsu
CoL really dropped the ball here, it looks like they got complacent. I still have them favored to win group B though, The first game was a stomp.
I think I was 16 when I stopped thinking accents was something to make fun of or be bothered by.
Elements had to play 4vs6 for game 1 post 20 min when suddenly Bat joined Dire on every initiation.
They're not doing this for free. They are marketing their brand.
Source? Not saying you're wrong but I've never seen any rule like this posted.
I feel bad for PoF. They just looked so impotent for both games versus CoL. The ending fight for game 1 was some seriously delicious Dota but CoL was under no pressure.
Good luck with that.
Sumail should play in the SEA qualifiers amirite?
The NA qualifiers winners performed better than the Europe qualifiers winners? That's an arbitrary comparison if I ever saw one.
Bad overrated pros with a Ti win and the latest premium LAN? If my pubs watched some pro streams I wouldn't have to tell them simple shit like buying arcane orb from side shop.
That support Sven was one of those things you never see coming. It makes sense though, max stun and armor provides a lot.
Should have just read comment history. Not even good trolling. You'll be deleted soon so bye.
I hardly play any more, not because of the community but because of time limitations. Still following all the major tournaments though, it's become a hobby.
All you people tearing up over Llama, how do you get by in your day to day interactions with society? Do you get anxiety attacks if there's a female cashier at the supermarket? If you're paired with a woman in some work/school project do you get a case of tourettes and let the rest of the world know your inner thoughts? I think third wave feminism has little to offer western society but they clique-ish gang up on Llama is just petty outbursts by small men.
I am aware, Blizzard had no inolvement however.
Is he on the actual panel or doing background work? The presentation says Commentator.
One day? You obviously didn't follow DL this year so why are you arguing something you have no info on?
It's a good hero for ratting. Figure out the rest.
You're looking at the teams and you're thinking, holy shit this is almost a line up worthy of a Major... And then you see Na'vi.
SL going out of its way to spite PPD
So the first match is between the arguably two most disliked teams in NA Dota currently. CoL for having 3 European players and Shazam for the Dynamic Duo of Mason and (mostly) Ritsu.
Nah, it's in 20 min.
I was equally surprised about the Manta. Unless you already have a ton of stats the illusions do nothing because they don't have any worthwhile passive like Viper or AM. Sure it's been in pubs forever but I vividly remember a good breakdown some months back on this subreddit how it provides very little.
Other than Team Spirit this qualifier had no real surprises on what teams would qualify. I'm really hoping DC sticks to their line up and work on their plays. To me it's not about their players but their drafts and item builds.
Only if Lich buys it.
Because you can't snap out of it.
AC AM? That must be some 8k MMR build my 9k Reddit rank can't fathom.
You win a grammy because you make great music. You win a Major because you play better Dota than everyone else.
We treat star athletes better because they're better people.
A girl with that user name? Translates literally to "bearded beef" and is a Swedish slang for... yeah you guessed it. OP tried.
Are you going to offer to sell me a bridge as well.
IT's likely not Na'vi themselves but the ton of hangarounds they have.
It's more than anything a sign of disrespect.
Competitively.
IF you can make your team mates understand how to fight around Natural Order it's a free win in pubs. Very destructive versus melee cores.
Have you looked at a map of Europe recently?
Alliance were supposed to have taken LH 1486 from FRA to MSQ at 10:15. Pimpmuckl also stuck in FRA has been rebooked on the 17:05 flight but it appears to be full and unable to accommodate Alliance. There are no more direct flights today and the only flight to MSQ via connections are by way of Moscow which would put them in Minsk at earliest 10:25 tomorrow. Looks like Alliance won't make tomorrows 2 early games and possibly not the DotaPit game today. EDIT: The team will go to Vienna tonight, spend the night there and take an early flight out to Minsk tomorrow. V1lat is saying SL is working on Alliance schedule and trying their best to move their games. ~~According to VPs manager they also appear to be stuck in St. Petersburg.~~ ~~https://twitter.com/vp_drAmer/status/686816905781448705~~
I guess it's lucky for ESL that they announced early and have already sold out.
Likely the team's last chance to make it to Minsk today: https://twitter.com/ErikBarge/status/686859513438277632 https://twitter.com/LodaBerg/status/686873326506119168 Unfortunately the probability of 5 people getting on a plane (not even counting their manager and Bulldog's fluffer) through waitlist after a previous cancellation is extremely low.
It's SL's tournament they can invite and disbar teams any way they want.
Completely unrelated to what I asked for.
That's a very mean thing to say about 4chan.
Check his post history. He's the biggest hater on this subreddit.
I don't see Dazzle or Oracle anywhere.
To what end?
5v5 mid Dota... what a time to be alive.
Ditya Ra hiding in the fog, but sending in his Alpha Wolf and telegraphing his position, dying as a result. I couldn't believe what I was watching when I saw that. I'm surprised they aren't' rushing a diffusal blade.
How is the "change" calculated Oracle/Earthspirit has 80/90 despite not being in Frankfurt. Also, the ratings while an interesting idea could use some work. For example Rubick has 0.55 in late game while he's definitely one of the best late game supports with his highest win % being in 50+ minute games.
Trying to go for team fights when the enemy had Enigma, Dazzle and Omni? As long as they roamed Io and SB they were doing fine, trying to fight into them as a team was a bad idea. Draft could have worked but the game plan was odd.
New hero picked by LGD- Errorblade something EDIT: Who is doing amazingly well.
There are only 5 players this entire season that has played the hero more than 5 times and only Goblak has played the hero more than 10 times. So in order to have a significant sample size you have to include older games. IF you want to make a more convincing case, present the stats rather than just making claims.
No, that might mean he's a better player, it doesn't mean he's a better Chen.
Dude, Chen is one of Alliance's most played and highest winrate heroes. This theorizing about him stealing farm is completely ignoring that. By the time Sven/Doom was picked Chen had already been taken by the other team (2nd) so your guesses aren't' even making sense.
&gt;football isnt as strategic by a fucking mile The world most played sport, with the largest economy, that employs hundreds of thousands of people. And you think Dota is more "strategic". If you truly believe this I can't offer you any further help. You do not understand the world.
Lots of "upsets" have occurred. I use the "" because with a bo1 format the volatility is so high that I don't know if you can classify a single win as an upset.
Looking at the number of recent Liquid flairs we shouldn't be surprised.
Anyone that loves Dota and have a basic understanding of setting up a tournament to garner a fair winner knows the game thrives on a bo3 format (Nahaz made this argument as well in his latest vid). I get the feeling SL invited a ton of team andonly then started thinking about how they were supposed to fit them all in a schedule.
I don't think anyone has argued that the accommodations at SL are bad. What people are saying (it's in the main thread as well) is that WCA had a better format, that gave a better sense of who is a fair winner.
[A] banned away RoTK, everyone seem to be missing that.
You're the worst kind of fan.
How stupid are you?
You don't get jet lag for a 3h flight.
Let's have a LAN. Let's do Bo1 group stage.
This is Alpine stalker level right here
Are we talking about Akke or Ineska? KappaPride
DED GAEM
Nice account SirBelvedre.
&gt; So bored I am actually enjoying Twitch chat. Send halp. If this occurs I unfortunately fear you are beyond help.
Oh it wasn't bad, it was horrible. -5v5 -Cramped area (Rosh) -Dire side opponent -Smoked opponent -Enemy Gyro+Dazzle. Execution is barely a factor during those circumstances because there's no room for it. Had they gotten a single pick off on the enemy first doing Roshwould have been a perfectly understandable course of action. Now it was just a super-high risk, medium reward play.
This game is lost. Alliance are running after pickoffs at 17th minute deep on the Radiant side when they should be taking towers. They're obsessed with Brood despite that she provides little threat after dying so much. EDIT: Secret throws like Alliance. By taking unnecessary Rosh attempts. EDIT 2: I think Secret made the mistake in game 2 that Alliance made in game 1 (apart form bad Rosh) Picking a line up that had great pick off potential but no team fight. Also, Terrorblade is back, first for LGD and now [A]. What year is this?
Go Rosh. Lose Game.
I'm wondering if people spamming "cucks" have ever kissed a girl or just spend all their time reading breitbart and /r/pol
Doing god's work.
Where?
You're arguing semantics. I made a TL; Dr to this thread. If you can't read the OP then there's no further help I or anyone else can offer you. EDIT :Yes yes, let the butthurt flow through you EE fans.
All his powers are reversed and tether now only works on enemies.
If not even Universe can make ET work you know it's a crazy hero currently.
Oh wow, always thought of them as an American org. I'm officially an oldfag.
It's more than banter, Thorin takes every opportunity he gets to shit on Loda.
Since when was PPD on Secret?
Just look at his Twitter. He tries to shit on Dota all the time. He has a particular hard on for Loda.
Thorin wishes he was Nahaz
Worried about Alliance draft so far. They have extremely little damage output.
"cucks" "luck" "one style" "dumpster" I'm amazed you managed to include so much butthurt in one message. Maybe you should direct that energy to questioning how Universe gets level 1 ganked by Io+Dazzle, Sumail getting solokilled by a puck mid or RTZ solo farming without a tp. Because I'm pretty sure that's not in the patch.
Well obviously RTZ isn't satisfied. The meta is always changing. Players will always have signature heroes that comes and goes in and out of the meta. This is no different for him. In fact I would argue that the reason RTZ hasn't been able to capitalize on his heroes is because his hero pool is actually narrow and can be easily banned against. So it's on him to learn new heroes instead of whinning over the meta (something he does for just about every patch).
GrandGrant for all his failings made a point of this early in the patch, AA hard counters a lot of the way this meta has been played.
How can I even hope to counter such a solid argument as "clown" and "retard"? I bow before your superior skills at making a case.
Quite sure, because I'm not going to bother with you anymore.
Alliance is a much older team than EG and had a long, even more dominant run over a number of patches and meta changes. I don't' see at all how EG's pool is so much deeper, especially when they're now trying very experimental drafts with SK and venomancer that they're just not pulling off.
I seriously think these games were lost in the draft, what on earth was Spectre even doing there?
Huh? You are talking about the Major invite. My post clearly says "the win" as in winning Starladder to which this thread refers.
We save that stuff for Fluff.
The lack of official [A] jockstrap is disappointing.
I don't know where to begin.
I don't see why users on that forum should target the team because of some sad trolls.
No what you're speaking of is the CURRENT iteration of EG. The EG team that existed back in 2012 at the same time as NTH was tier 2 at best. It wasn't until Mid 2014 that EG had their first premier tournament win, at which time NTH/Alliance had secured over dozens of titles over 18 months already.
That nerf came way after Ti.
[Using datdota I can see that QoP beats Puck in virtually every category used to determine a lane "win". ](http://www.datdota.com/stats.php?p=laning_versus&amp;versus=0&amp;record=9&amp;lane_time=4&amp;lane_type=&amp;opp_lane_type=&amp;role=0&amp;hero=13&amp;player=&amp;side=0&amp;team=&amp;prize=0&amp;lane=3&amp;lane_type_opp=&amp;opp_lane_type_opp=&amp;role_opp=0&amp;hero_opp=39&amp;player_opp=&amp;side_opp=0&amp;team_opp=&amp;lane_opp=3&amp;patch=0&amp;season=5&amp;event=&amp;day_after=&amp;month_after=&amp;year_after=&amp;day_before=&amp;month_before=&amp;year_before=&amp;average=true) I didn't need a particularly big brain to find that in 2 min. But maybe that says something about you rather than me.
No the link is sorted by the heroes being at the middle lane (Lane: Middle). So these are all the QoP vs Puck mid matchups that have gone down this season.
While the problem likely is a cultural one it can't be ignored that the economic repercussions would be pretty staggering as well.
http://www.esportsearnings.com/players/most_tournament_results Going by the most Tournament results it's actually... Akke? Yeah I was surprised too. Obviously not the best metric but still interesting to note that he is the winner by sheer quantity. Not many people think of it but he's actually only 3 months younger than Fear.
She's made of cardboard and has no escape or damage mitigation.
Dude, bf4 is running both Origin and broswer as well.
"they're [Secret] just barely outside the top #15 by Elo, they're low teens in another power ranking we look at"
If they are truly worried that one extra caster is going to plunge their available bandwidth then we should have genuine concerns about the stability of it as a whole. No this feels like a cultural thing.
So much fun having this comment saved. Lol
I knew this was a golden comment to save. LOL.
Death Ward is an ability in Dota.
She generally pulled about 10k viewers before she was mentioned by RTZ. Heck he took her name BECAUSE she was a big female streamer.
On paper Jugg's is the best one, but if you look at the surrounding circumstances WK has a low CD stun and CK a stun and a gap closer that will make sure that they are more likely to land a crit. So just looking at the numbers might fool you here.
I don't find this likely to happen. These people have solidified themselves too much in the scene that they can't be easily replaced. With all the activity going on in the scene there is if anything a shortage of competent talent. Even if something like what you describe happened we'd see talent "package deals" being formed to drag along the deserving ones.
Probably the hottest topic right now that could be addressed from a statistical viewpoint is if Alliance's current resurgence is solely because of their reliance on an alleged small hero pool.
They have a Germany 1937 mod outfit.
WILL PLAY DOTA FOR FOOD
It doesn't feel like Secret is in a position to pick and choose right now.
You're basically having a hardcore fan reaction to filthy casuals. This is how the coverage will look to appeal to wider audiences.
DL last season with ODP playing Bob Ross and MArty McFly was easily the best **production value** in Dota.
I pretty much use the same yard stick as Valve. They have 8 invites for Majors/Ti. If you're in those invites you're Tier 1.
Thankfully the world doesn't respond to your definition of what is "tier 1". [Dreamleague IS a Premier tournament.](http://wiki.teamliquid.net/dota2/Premier_Tournaments)
You just keep thinking that the community cares more about some random redditors opinion on what's tier 1 as opposed to Liquidpedia. Which pretty much is THE de facto definition. Just plug your ears and drown out the rest of the world with your high pitched screams.
We're all eagerly awaiting your new tournament ranking and Elo system to replace the accepted scene standards we hold today! :) I didn't even understand what you're talking about regarding lying. Now I see it, you went back and edited a previous reply AFTER I had answered. **L-O-L!** Your attempts at damage control is like paddling quicksand, you're just sinking deeper the harder you're trying to double down. :)
TIL: Loda ran Tiny mid when Sumail was 8 years old.
Probably, since his toxic internet personality would be shunned by any major news organization.
&gt; in the past So you are saying that you agree the way it's now? Because I haven't seen any SEA invites for some time.
Needs a Brazzers logo.
Incorrect. They got hammered at Starladder and didn't even make it through the [qualifier] group stages cleanly (losing to Vega, Liquid and CIS Rejects). They would have been forced to play elimination matches if not for teams dropping out. EDIT: Salty tears so delicious.
The honeymoon is over. W33 now back to W33fresh after the strain of losing.
I read that the first time around actually. That must blow so hard. I'M really hoping you can work this out and get to the Major.
No hate, just facts. If pointing out Secret's recent results in both patches makes you mad then that's your problem.
Never said they're trash. They have great potential but need to snap out of their slump.
Exactly, they do this quite often with the new line-up. I suspect they'll stop though as they know play at a fairly high level and teams know this.
What the heck is that manchild RL doing in his tweet?
How is this racist?
SyndereN or RIOT
Kappa Crusaders are discussing whether they will accept an invite.
By your logic Manchester United, Chelsea and Juventus are shitty teams.
He's BabyRage for a reason.
Why am I not surprised seeing a CLQ fan in LPQ.
That's some interesting stalking there.
What does this have to do with anything?
Aether Lens on Pugna is actually so legit. For years his limitation has been the short range of Nether Blast. Far to many times you kill yourself trying to get one in the right spot.
Bundeskanzler != President
I've been singing their praises for a while on this subreddit, they've been regularly stealing series from a lot of tier 2 teams in Europe. Of course it helped in this particular game that MB threw so hard I felt my neck snap when I watched the networth graph.
Drow is Black. She must be good at Basketball.
Cr1t is so legit. A Rubick making it out alone alive from a teamfight is an extremely rare thing.
At this stage I will declare a team plain dumb if it doesn't first bans RoTKs Dark Seer. He was 7-0 on it at SL. It helps if CoL also does the 322 of the year by walking 3 heroes on 100hp right next to OD.
CoL just pulled even with LGD. What a time to be alive. When was the last time you could say another NA team looked better than EG in a tournament?
The Azubu casters didn't even catch it.
DED GAEM
It feels like Swindlez has some issue waiting for his team to get in position before he starts off a fight.
If you own a ticket you can stream. So yeah you're way off the mark. Likely he just didn't' feel like it. Yesterday was just something spontaneous.
Nobody? I see plenty of people in this very thread that are reiterating the issue of casters veering more towards "banter casting". You're accusing Loda of being vague while heavily generalizing yourself.
The point is nowhere near clear when someone just says "everything is a meme" and then attaches his own personal conclusion to a completely all-encompassing statement. That is the very opposite of clear or accurate.
Why attack individuals when you want to change an idea/thought process? That is completely ineffectual. https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/432deo/od_pixel_the_caster_cleaning_2016_incident_report/czezuo3
Mali likely took a lot of the recent criticism personal. People forget there are enthusiasts behind the organizations that work their asses off to make events a success.
That's your home cooked definition, and citing Blitz from some random vid doesn't exactly make it right.
Alright that makes more sense. This went way too meta.
Puppey can still pick and chose his line-ups mostly. So going for SingSing who hasn't been relevant for 2 years sound extremely unlikely.
For those saying that Secret's issues are patch related they had already started slumping at the end of 6.85. In this game they played 4p1 without EE never actually turning up.
Newbee is rising as IG is falling.
Don't worry, you can get 1000 new levels for Ti6.
Newspaper?
Eagerly awaiting.
Too much riding on his ult. He wrecks uncoordinated pubs though.
Because Bulldog is always serious in his interviews?
Because the Roster lock is in force until Ti6 this Major will put considerable pressure on the teams unable to perform.
Any C64 or Amiga game.
YOU MEAN DC DEFENDING THEIR LAST MAJOR CHAMPIONSHIP
GREEKS BETTER THAN CIS WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE
If you haven't won a LAN in the last month you're shit and should uninstall Dota.
&gt; The fact that you argue against me, means you support that dumbass' statement. Otherwise you wouldn't fucking be arguing now would you? What kind of messed up reasoning is that you have to unequivocally support anything of a previous poster? You are replying to my sub-thread, not the other way around. I know reading is a struggle for you but do try to keep up. &gt;Want to continue supporting the argument he carried secret at TI5? I never did, as mentioned that's something you've read into. What I said was "show me all these examples of s4 costing Secret the victory". The above are not examples of this.
The only realization here is that you've become so unhinged by this discussion that you're now stalking my posts with petty insults. For a person so unstable I understand how you couldn't get it right in the first place.
But still getting fucked in tha a**?
In the world where Alliance have beaten Fnatic the last 6 times they've met?
Alliance are definitely not on that high a position but over EG is not particularly controversial. They finished at the same place at Epicentre where EG was eliminated by CoL which Alliance in turn had wiped the days before.
and apologise.
Nothing is as bad as the cancerous atmosphere in LoL. So not much of a reference. I thought Dota was bad but then I gave LoL a try and felt like I needed stage 3 chemotherapy.
In game 2 Secret look like they actually have a... and they are doing it because they're carried by PLD. That's saying something.
It's kinda disrespectful to skrff and Weppas to lament pimpmuckls absence, and imply the production work is solely his, without mentioning that they are doing stellar work
The implication is right there in the title of the thread.
Read Pimp's essay, he even mentions skrff. No shade on Pimpmuckl but the thread creator who's just linking another post with a sensationalist title.
You couldn't offend me if you tried, just not bothering explaining myself to someone with social dysfunctions. Also it's you're, not "your". Finish high school.
Euro here, Secret sucks. You can have your NA players back.
Liquid felt like they stopped playing after the 25min mark. Their strength is their amazing team fight but they abandoned that for this game.
R U OK?
The joke is that he's the CEO
Don't build this on clockwork.
LIQUID ARE... not doing in. Man that was some sloppy midgame giving away such an advantage.
Other than the one bad game he had in Ti5 there's little to show for that meme, he's one of the best QoPs in Dota.
Thatsthejoke.jpg
https://twitter.com/w33haa/status/723926421479936000
https://twitter.com/w33haa/status/723926421479936000
Is that the Hanse camp? how the heck are you supposed to take it? Tried a dozen times yesterday but got skewered. On a signs build.
Point being that there's tons of ways to circumvent SC alerts.
He's like 40.
Yeah these groups were not very well balanced. [I made a breakdown of this with regard to ELO](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4lh4wq/manila_major_groups/d3nej6b) showing how skewed it was.
Bkb, Echo sabre, Brood ulti. I think they had AC toward the end as well.
Not even Alliance would throw that hard
Empire was actually doing pretty good until they decided to run down from high-ground to fight 4vs5.
Oh they were by no means dominating, but they could have made LGD bleed by going high-ground and forcing a fight. Probably prolonging the game considerably, instead they got ballsmacked and gave up two sets of rax.
Translation: You don't know what the hell you're talking about Thorin
I made [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4n4srv/the_manila_major_2016_lower_bracket_round_2_match/d40sm7g) earlier detailing how Charlie is just plainly getting his facts wrongs.
&gt; Stop quoting Fear as if his comment has an validity I am 100% certain Fear's words has more validity than anything you can come up with regarding the state of EG.
Please tell us more about your deep insights into EG &amp; Fear's head and decisions and what brand of crystal ball you use to conjure them up.
ITT: People who know what's better for EG than what EG themselves do.
He's an esports community figure and calls himself an analyst and historian. It doesn't matter either way, as long as you have an audience and outlet one should be used to being held to a higher standard than a random redditor.
Where is this confirmed?
Why would you make such a claim when you could have done 2 secs of googling and gotten it right what he actually said? https://twitter.com/feardota/status/726835891235336193
Well obviously, but given what's happened
https://gfycat.com/BonyJoyfulDeer
Only one solution remains... EXTERMINATUS
&gt; HOLY SHIT I JUST REALISED IXMIKE STANDS A FUCKING CHANCE. What can we do to prevent this?
Please let us know what your insider source on the EG team is that confirms all this, instead of you just repeating the same lines over and over like a mantra.
At least the Dota community will then be united against one sole evil.
This is all more of the same subjective injections. How has Manila showed Aui is not a good carry? By the same logic it has also showed RTZ/EE are bad carries. The world isn't that simple. They can all be individually great at their positions (which we know from all of their previous results) but still not gel as a team.
&gt; socks Empire showed you don't' need those in the Phils.
That guy needs a hug.
Dark portents ahead
Never played the sims
That's like a triple negation.
Well Priests does have the added feature that their ability can heal minions, so the side to side comparison on what they do to hero HP isn't' entirely fair. Other than that I agree with most of everything you're saying.
Prescription alone does not allow you to use a drug in conjunction with competitive sports. Plenty of asthmatics who have been disqualified in Hockey for example.
While they do great work there are also others that keep a high standard. Epicentre would be the closest example. No studio deserves a monopoly.
&gt; Cards and metas change.
If you are putting the weight on individual cards to define a hero, that's your limits you place on your deck. It says nothing on whether a hero is good/bad.
Actually, 2 is an even number.
My nuts always does well.
He's so right he's basically Hitler and RTZ is Stalin.
You know that RTZ was on Secret before, right? Remind me how that went.
Treeant lvl 1 rampage incoming. Good luck contesting rune.
Good.
How many times have SingSing heard this the last two yearS?
Only way he won't die.
Feels a little too niche. It's nothing like Huskar+Dazzle or PA+Omni.
Smith &amp; Wesson can.
Need to secure a 2nd income to support high-maintenance Nara
You seem confused. Niqua never played carry either. The expression to "carry" a team is not exclusive to the pos 1.
No? Ck ms 325. Pugna ms 330.
That sounds excessive. Upper body paralysis from a .38 to the spine would suffice.
THE END IS COMING
Group A has 3 teams that were in the same group in the Major (C) and arguably the toughest one there.
You first.
As you said, the reason it was leaked was because of an error (a caster sharing it if I remember correctly). No reason to make any of that public. It's all select data that's available on dotabuff and DatDota anyhow.
&gt;only reason omni is not picked in comp scene is bec pros are just retards who are afraid of trying heroes in comp scene. Pros need someone like you to tell you all about what they're doing wrong.
They were never ahead by more than 4k gold so calling it a "throw" is excessive. The biggest misplay was not banning Huskar when they saw the round 2 Oracle pick, especially since they were just recently cheesed with Huskar (+Oracle/Dazzle).
I knew there was a good reason I had saved this post.
Oh I know there was a good reason I saved this post. Nice predictions pall ;)
Keep waiting. I know you really are trying hard to distract from being so wrong but I'm not going to be fooled. I know your type, you'll keep making excuses no matter how much evidence you're presented with.
Few things in Dota could trigger me as hard as Backtrack. I had one particular game where a Void backtracked no less than 4 fingers from my Lion. Yes you're not supposed to waste single target nukes on the old void like that but but sometimes you have to do something.
I still see BF on BH from time to time. I'm wondering if these people have been stuck in some time lock.
You mean OLD EG.
That result was more about how much of a flash farmer Storm was at the time than Sumail though. He definitely plays a very good Storm but he was handed stacks on a platter.
Thumbs crossed for El Classico.
So how do we go about getting this police man suspended for profiling? #notallmuslims
While we're already fantasizing I would like to add that I'd like a 5 roomer at Park Avenue.
&gt; We're talking about average people who happen to play videogames for a living. That's an oxymoron if I ever saw one.
Please inform all the people in this thread citing this experience how wrong they are and how you are right.
The title of that thread was weird. EDIT: Actually it's the English version of the original article that has some bad engrish.
His Naga is not the issue, not banning Huskar when you see an early Dazzle/Oracle pick is.
&gt;Dota2 has a forced 50% win rate mechanic This old salty myth again.
I was being sarcastic.
And this is always the same *anecdotal* salty response when you ask for some kind of proof to the grand conspiracy of the Dota matchmaking system.
Huh?
Alliance had dropped out from the redemption vote due to a scheduling conflict. What event running close by might they have been invited to?
Just wait until Veggies win NA qualifiers. Valve will be screaming for casters to replace!
Imported food is our largest environmental hazard today. Locally sourced is the way to go.
He's in No Diggity.
That's a weird auto-shotty.
You're no Alliance fan, your entire post history is shitting on the team.
You're talking as if one single ion shell somehow defines him, the loss was definitely not on Khezu.
OG vs Na'vi game doesn't show up on trackdota for some reason
If it's the latter it means both.
I recommend everyone to report this guy, 50+ posts today alone in the ESL threads all just hating.
You seem confused. Valve themselves has explicitly stated that they consider results from all LANs.
I don't disagree that they looked shaky. However that is also completely irrelevant, they are still the same team. for all invite considerations and ranking estimations you have to take a team into account regardless of their daily form.
Well, time to get your hopes brutally crushed again.
3 China? VG.R is a little up in the air. Other than SL they don't' have much to show.
Half-life
Huh? Loda didn't build manta. He went linkens into mkb.
Lose one series to the current Major champions and all of a sudden you're dumpster tier? Great logic
So can I at least wear my tuxedo? I like to look stylish for these events
Actually that's likely the end of the drama.
Got any source on that? I don't dispute it just haven't seen any indication on it. Took them long enough.
They have had some very favourable match-ups however. Groups at Manila was a joke for example.
That's party MMR.
Other than some few pro, very few ran him in the offlane though.
Relevant question from ESL: [Which continent is the saltiest today?](http://i.imgur.com/q3c730K.png)
Dotes Morghulis.
LGD's invite is definitely the most controversial one. More so than Na'vi who has shown consistency. The real issue though that China pretty much HAD to get at least two invites for the good of the scene, there just wasn't much alternatives after LGD. LGD placing top 4 at Manila pretty much sealed their invite. No argument there. HOWEVER I would definitely state that the groups at Manila was beyond messed up in terms of team ranking. Group A and C was light years above B and D. This is the bigger problem
In the end, I think their biggest challenges is getting themselves together rather than overcoming the teams they will face.
Why concentrate on complex, obscure answers when there are far more obvious, high-impact ones explaining the current situation?
It's relevant mentioning because we have no idea what Valve's criteria has been. Had they valued consistency over the whole season Alliance would have been a lock, they instead went for recent performances and then LGD/Na'vi gets the nod. There are merits and flaws to both methods, the issue is that because of the lack of transparency from Valve these situations keep popping up. If the sport is to continue growing they need an open criteria/point system that evens the field for everyone.
Time zones. Put it an hour later and guys in Russia will be playing OQ well into the wee hours. Either way someone gets a messy slot.
Pretty much, there's ups and downs with both methods. The most worrying one to me is that like LGD and xiao8 you can sit at the beach the first half part of the year and then suddenly decide to show up the last 6 months.
Your first post is something spoken as certain, the second post is pure conjecture. While you might be right you're essentially just guessing.
Well we'll have to agree to disagree on the first part. Na'vi didn't even turn up for Shanghai and Frankfurt so that's their consistency. If the EU region is as strong as you say (and I don't necessarily disagree) then a point model would give EU teams more slots. I'm sure the actual point distribution could be worked on it doesn't really matter as long as everyone know what the criteria is. We are 1 day away from OQ and teams just learned the invites yesterday. That's not flattering for the sport.
&gt; Except that 99% of the money players earn is from prizes. Not true at all. Especially not for Chinese teams.
HE could certainly have bought more utility for his team given how much farm he had.
&gt; I don't understand why everyone complains about this. Because it's completely arbitrary, opaque and gives teams no indicator on what they have to do to get an invite?
It's Bulldog saying it, he's always serious right?
Whatever attempt at trying to make a point you've made, it has failed.
Na'vi has been anything but consistent this year. They have been consistent just recently. Fnatic has however been consistent over a longer time period. Just "win fucking shit" is obviously not the criteria Valve is using.
Arguable. The point is that no true elite level athlete settles for anything but the biggest prize.
Let us know more about your inside source at Valve that has revealed this to you.
They've done it for CSGO. Zero hitch there.
Dendi and s4 likely know each other more than any other mids.
More stacked than Tiffany Towers in her prime.
Marie? I believe she is, been with Era since NiP.
It would require teams to adapt and keep better vision on both pits. I don't see how this is a bad thing. Games are decided already in this meta by fortunately timed Rosh spawns so that's not anything particularly new.
You are simply not correct. 71% of Rosh going to Dire, 65% winrate for Dire. These are indisputable figures from over 100 games played by top tier teams. It's nowhere near as much about "positioning, teamfighting and vision" as you try to make it out to be. So you can stop repeating this hoping it becomes true, you are only undermining any notion that you are rational.
Kaipi and Finstack are on the same side of the bracket so it wouldn't be in a final.
The data was from yasp, all publicly available and the entire event was 322 games.
Oh? Figured only the RO2 was bo3
On my phone until tomorrow and can't get the desktop version of the site for some reason. Until then this thread also had a lot of relevant discussion on the matter: https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4nq3g9/the_dire_has_a_win_rate_of_653_in_the_manila_major/
The last 3 teams have all made the same mistake versus Secret. They are getting ridiculously kited in every fight where Secret just fall back and apply control.
I'm disappointed with how defensive teams are drafting versus Secret. DB just picked SK carry and LC just to counter Terrorblade, a sub-optimal line-up. The teams that have had the most success versus Secret: Comanche and Prodota, took the fight to them, playing to win instead of playing to not lose.
Has DB bought a single sentry? They are so beat on vision.
Your projections are as revealing about your inner rage as always stalker. Let some sunshine into your life!
By being in OQ to begin with he has pretty much already proven what he's about.
Unless you know, he wants a ranged illusion.
How do you know it's on him? Him leaving doesn't mean he's the one responsible for it.
I don't think you understand how team dynamics works. That Universe left we know, but that's completely irrelevant, it's the WHY that is the cause not the simple act of leaving. Something with the team happened that made them play like crap. Universe leaving is just a result of that. Would you even have wanted him to remain on the team given how they were playing?
RTZ being back and forth between EG/Secret twice with disappointing results is the very definition of more evidence.
If it's simply the semantics you are arguing thinking that has any real impact on the situation, then I can only pity you. People that want to win an argument rather than understand the issue have nothing to offer me.
In some brackets time has not moved and the same builds as two years ago are still in effect. It chills my soul when I see a Bounty Hunter with BH at 3.8k though.
Is there any question as to why anyone would want to see arrogant people fail?
Aren't you going to write me another derailed pm I enjoyed sharing those.
I hope you realize you're demonstrating the same sense of butthurt in turn right now of said people.
Says guy with Slark flair.
Clock excels on picking off weaker heroes, in a STR meta where everyone has received HP buffs he has fallen behind.
The Alliance versus FF game perfectly illustrates how broken the Dire advantage is right now (65% winrate, 71% Rosh). Alliances made no real errors, and the right rotations and control still the extreme ease at which Dire controls Rosh meant that FF could get the aegis repeatedly with very little effort and just throw bodies at rax.
I know literacy is falling hard in the western world, but do try to understand that this wasn't about [A] and FF but the dire vs radiant advantage. It's something that all Dota fans should be concerned about that one side holds a 15% win advantage.
PLD won Secret Shanghai.
I said from the start in my very first sentence in this sub-thread that it's about the Dire advantage, I really can't help you if are unable to understand a simple concept like that.
VP looking hot all of a sudden after being lukewarm all year. Everyone missing that on their predictions.
I'm glad to see Empire crushing with Skywrath. It seems like teams have forgot for some time how much of a lane dominator he is and versus slippery foes like Ember and Timber he's really doing work.
If you look at the actual standings you'll see the opposite is true.
https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4prk7p/the_international_6_european_qualifier_day_1/d4nhdiz
If Ilidan had gone mkb instead of Manta they would have rolled over Secret by now. I think there needs to be some re-education camp set up to send pros on to demonstrate how shitty Manta Dusa is.
We’ve had issues with Illidan at previous events. Some CIS people lobbied to bring him back for VP/Vega/TS feeling that he deserved another chance. That was a mistake. Illidan is an ass, and we won’t be working with him again.
If he had gone mkb instead of Manta the game would have been 15 min shorter.
"I am sexually attracted to children. /icp1994 - 2016" I put together that quote from some earlier post of yours. I did some selective cut &amp; pasting but since you're ok with context being ignored that's all good right?
Synderwin is doing it! Really happy for Khezu who's been well deserving of some true esport success.
Empire lost due to their lack of chase, Secret could disengage safely many times when Meta was triggered.
Yup, usually I would think a pike on DK to be mental but in this game it was game winning.
After today's bloodbath in the EU qualis this is going to look like kindergarden.
Counting the 300+ games on ESL and Manila to the mix that was on this patch the Dire still holds a respectable advantage.
[Called it](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4q26ns/the_international_6_european_qualifier_day_3/d4pp0rq). ESC couldn't fight at all, I think I saw a single ravage the whole game. Alliance could just float in and out of fights.
Illidan needs to have the game of his life or it's LB for f5 they seem to be really crumbling.
NEVER fight Undying Lvl 1. Decay turns low level heroes into putty.
Let's be optimistic, they are very consistent in their results. They are truly neck and neck.
CIS had to get a token invite to keep interest in the region.
This is my def build for Dusa. Only thing I change is to delay the first point in Split shot.
They'll go to Seattle either way.
Synderen ALWAYS gets punished when he picks greedy. Slardar, Tinker and Tiny can't do anything without items. With 2 defensive supports that meant their early game was completely unthreatening
I fear this might be the end of the line for ESC. They are 38% wr on Slardar I don't understand why they keep picking it, it's one of the few heroes Khezu is truly underwhelming on. EDIT: But what does that matter when Cockva is dick-slapping on his InvokeR??
Never go late versus Alliance.
They won game 1 because they destroyed the enemy throne. The team that destroy the other's throne is the one that should win the game.
Wow, that was a lesson in battering ram style push. ESC just had so little time to breathe.
DC vs Secret is going to be more popcorn-worthy.
Visage is the one hero that always makes me hesitate on hitting the Random button. Michael too hard
IF they can just get ONE MORE Euro they'll have negated DCs advantage.
Looks animeish
In Dota it's a huge pain being solo-queued versus a stack. In a more action oriented game like OW however it's not the same issue.
You know they are doing a good job when even Valve link to them.
What's your source for this? Hitbox owns OG as a brand.
It's basically the same issue with all games. In order to make the game have as wide appeal as possible Blizzard streamlined the game play and the ladders. The result is a lack of depth. I like to use Dota 2 as the reference. It is an extremely complex game with 100+ heroes, close to 500 hero abilities, and an innumerable number of synergies. Despite this level of complexity and the immense hours you have to put in to be anywhere near passable at the game it is still the most successful e-sports game in existence. So the notion that games have to be simple and easy-to-grasp in order to be well received is something Blizzard has gotten completely wrong.
DED GAEM
Of course if you have a girl on your team that's preferable.
