condemn wouldn't push her towards the jungle path. it would make riven stay approximately where she is when she starts Qing. that's how condemn-cancel works. After the condemn-cancel, Riven will still be in vayne's auto range. a condemn-cancel on a fixed distance dash (like fizz q, or yasuo's e) is very different from one on a non-fixed distance (like pantheon's w) where the target will be pushed slightly further away outside vayne's auto range also riven needs the black cleaver proc to get the most movement speed to run away. she's also slowed by botrk, and vayne's got bonus MS from botrk. riven's not getting away.
syndra?
I was expecting the Lich King to freeze the water and chase after them... but then I realize they're out of time T_T
Yeah Malph could've gotten a triple if he W active autod someone one more time, then Q'd kogmaw.
How to do Lee Sin Spotting?
According to most people in this thread, apparently a bug gets caught in lee's eyes and he misses 100% of the time... wait a minute
Diamonds = One trick hecarims -&gt; All diamonds are Hecarim mains. Logic
Inb4 Ao Shin turns into the next Blind Monk
^what ^about ^rivershen? ^... ^I ^said ^too ^much
"How did doran fit his suit in that little ring?" - Donger
&gt; This Nami probably stole your ult URF mode nami?
Mundo backdoor tomorrow.
by sion.
*Bard &gt; I want to see his Bard hard carry. ftfy
[Yeah! Be Decisive!](http://gfycat.com/DisgustingTheseElkhound)
It's kinda awkward for Lucian
Christmas came early
To me, this joke was repeated for centuries
5 fingers. QWERT I bind T to taunt
annie stun isn't chainable. she still has cooldowns. learn to accept defeat, you've lost this banter
what if riot's talking about New Skin irl? for like cosplayers and stuff I'd love an Urgot Skin :)
You could say he's in the reverse Master League.
Riot just needs to bring out that MR sunfire thing from PBE so singed can get sum nice itemis
Whoever's urethra sphincter is looser will open up. Thus male kegel is born.
[NSFW] they will poop in your penis hole
You shared it to imgur. the calories obviously counted.
Work = Force x distance particles have a constant Force... the math checks out
How can life steal leave an entire team? what are their ADC gunna build for sustain?
they do follow the 5 second rule. just like how 7 dog years is 1 human year. 5 cow/sheep second is actually (how-ever many years grass live) in human years. That's why hindus worship them as gods. because they are literally immortal
so what your saying is... fences = mirrors. why don't they install fences in public washrooms? it's much cheaper
grils keep friend zoning me in taco bell. gg
then you killed him again right? double kill?
azir, thresh, velkoz also, rengar and ekko E if you count them as ranged :/
Yet another completely useless yasuo tip: Windwall is considered a skillshot and is negated by other windwalls.
why not just give his ult a leash range like W so that he can only go so ham without giving up his get away card
rengar's passive gives him 600 to ~700 range in/upon leaving a brush we're talking about autos. if we're talking about skills, then I would've included xerath Q, R, ziggs R, and shit tons of other thing that Braum and Yasuo don't block
meh windwall is pretty useless in mirror matchups anyways. it's basically just whoever gets tornado first, e-q to the minion nearest enemy yasuo for the knockup and free damage. or psych them out with random E's then Q from another angle
"boy, put your hand down." -judge rivington
There is no cure for autism. best course of action is to take preventative measures. get vaccinated for autism
because it's equal or opposite. it just so happens that it's equal 100% of the time
just add 20 before every 2 digit number.
More like S+
yes because mirror matchups are 100% 1v1 no junglers involved, no supports involved, no top laner with tps involved. strictly solo matchup.
It's called the shurima shuffle
Gragas took advantage of a drunk Ahri ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I thought the Shurima shuffle's the whole combo. what's the point of calling his ult shurima shuffle when we can just call it emperor's divide?
So mercury's a sailer moon fan... I always took it as more of a dragon ball planet.
you need to sexually please your wifey and pay more attention to her. clearly you're a bad husband
just realized that Ekko's face paint is an hourglass. Zhonyas first item ekko, confirmed
ordis is such a troll
excuse my skinny arms http://sketchtoy.com/65293011 I drew it on a trackpad
just like a dalek...
false. newton's law applies in all environment (terrestrial and extraterrestrial). It simply lacks sufficient enforcement because the green lanterns (the guys enforcing the laws) jurisdiction only lies within certain planetary bodies.
took me 1 hour 1 minute and 3 seconds to read your post out loud... thanks for wasting my time
Alad V's real name is actually Christopher Walkin
You'd never be able to attain full stack of all arcane on all cosmetics in your lifetime without being having bajillion platinums anyways... I gave up on that dream a long time ago my friend. Nothing but broken dreams Q.Q
Not sure if anyone else knows this, but fully built formas, credit, and exp boost drops from void lockers... confirmed: lockers give better rewards than the mission itself. I think DE wants us to explore more.
variation and choice. suppose, syandana A isn't as stylish as before, so you get syandana B, but still want the first arcane. or a new arcane comes out, but you don't want to overwrite the previous arcane because it might be buffed in the future. Don't be that guy who wears the exact same T-shirt everyday.
They prefer to double team ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
5 minutes from now...
You would experience massive delays due to propagation delays, because the nearest clouds would be miles away. But yes, it would still work.
you're gunna get more than enough forma by playing the game. you almost get potato exclusively from random events and 3-day events
^pssst ^look ^down ^my ^pants
grineer rags... I think these rags would look a lot better, if there are more gritty dull textures in the game. Think of Gears of War armor except more corpus shaped (squarer). That is, raggy capes don't look great with the refined smooth shiny armor that tenno wears. We need more dirt crusted/scratched leather textures. for that rogue/strider look
no, mesa always had 3 passives. new excal's not getting a passive as far as we know. I think that was a fan idea back when people were complaining about getting excal reworked but seeing how great new excal's kit is, it's not really needed.
They just probably wanna introduce *** prime in a cool teaser trailer like volt p. any mention of he-who-must-not-be-named would probably make whoever's making the trailer's efforts in vain, so as good co-workers, they're never gunna confirm it directly. or the whole secrecy thing could just be a play on ---'s theme as a ------ -----
TwoGrakata
you get MR for getting a previously unacquired level on a weapon. E.g.: first time you get level 4 on a Karak you get MR experience for it. if you sell the level 4 karak, then later re-obtain the karak and level it up to level 5, you'll only get experience for 1 level. primes are not always better than non-primes, but most recent ones have a significant statistic advantage over non-primes e.g.: volt prime has the highest energy in the game, while older primes like frost and excal prime are merely cosmetics don't worry about the whole loki prime master race thing... I'm MR 17 and I'm still missing loki p system -_-
That's how a bendy straw works. use a normal straw next time.
[Sodium in, Potassium out...](https://online.science.psu.edu/sites/default/files/biol011/Fig-3-7-Sodium-Potassium-Pump.jpg) the question is "will you go out with me"
magnets... how do they work?
standard deviation of 0
grakata
also compensate them for the credits including tax... unless they're a super nice guy
The unseen blade is the deadliest
"Bye" -Devstream guys
They don't die. they go to a special farm where they play in the hay and and...
Does not recommend soloing
stallions represent male fertility. being a witcher, he probably feels self-conscious about those stuff.
I think the ogris fire is intentional. frost was aiming for that one grineer who called out "skoom"
[ask ironman](https://youtu.be/XIdEu9BL8IU?t=16)
/unstuck use for when you're stuck in any situation. 8/10 times it'll work. you can only use once every 5-10 minutes or so.
Never ever max out Corrupt mods unless you've done the math... e.g.: you only need 4 levels in fleeting expertise. it still pains me whenever I see someone do a maxed out FE because most of the time that sliver of extra duration can save you (avoid 1 missile, etc). Or you're selling it for plat
No Joffrey was way worse. He tortures animals and whores for fun. At least Olly hesitated... I think he did it mainly out of peer pressure and a little bit of anger
Jon's watch technically ended so he's no longer bounded to the brother's code... King Snow?
So the moral of the story is that killing okay as long as it's done in a dignifying manner?
little did they know... some random kid sprinkled that specific pile of snow with water the night before.
Theon is the smelliest
ARC ftw?
&gt; InMelissandreWeTrust &gt; &gt; and Fuck Melissandre ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ftfy
72
Dr. Mann, do not attempt docking
But... Ash DOES scale... his augmented 1 shreds armor and 4 deals "true" damage (negates all armor). just add a few strength mod, and efficiency and he'll hit like a truck while being invincible.
b-but... when I play, the Stalker only shows up when I'm leveling my unranked 2 forma'd braton mk1
Third!
When it happens irl, it's usually because some psycho murder's trying to kill you. So that initial fear reaction is perfectly justified.
"neither... nor" not "no... nor." structure and rhythm are nouns. google's your friend: http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/when-use-nor Logically, "neither nor" is very different from "not or." Since a majority of the guys there have programming background, this logical approach makes sense. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exclusive_or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logical_disjunction in common speech, "neither nor" and "not or" can be interpreted as the same in case you're curious: it's "Mars' Atmosphere"
SALAD V... classic
should be more concise # get a list of numbers in english called englishNumbers ... counter = 1 # iterate through the english numbers for num in englishNumbers: # counter for the ordinality of letters total = 0 capNum = num.upper() for letter in capNum: total += ord(letter)-ord('A')+1 # found one! return or break if you want if total == counter: print num counter += 1 also alphabet's like: [chr(ord('A')+i) for i in range(26)]
Not a bug. A feature.
Too annoying chasing Zanuka around. so people just kill alad V instead of leaving him alive with his shield down to lure zanuka there then kill them both with AoE
It's not called camping. It's called doing the laundry! those suits aren't gunna clean themselves
acceleration? :D too bad most levels have awkward curves that induce anti-fun gliding etc.
waves are coded as melee. melee has always ignored barriers. e.g. long reaching staves can hit inside the bubble from outside. Not a bug. A feature. "Fixing the bug" is simply a sugared up way of saying removing said feature aka nerf.
Kogake is a tenno weapon. so yes. Eventually
Yes. Secondaries are made to snipe people from across the map. ^Rakta ^Ballistica...
Rule of warframe: For every underwhelming weapon, there exist some build that will unsuck it. I learned this the hard way after I sold my pyrana
This glitch doesn't happen on decisive judgement for me doe.
all he needs is some bright yellowy-orange spiky hair. and dark haired love interest
can't tell if gay or hawt...
Just play the game. you'll be able to make all the frames in the game later on.
AAAAANNNNNNNNNNND Prisma Tipedo
Only a Sith deals in absolutes
Summary: RNG
The dodo bird and the bee...
simple. they're all tied for first place. ^ima ^get ^out ^of ^here ^with ^my ^logic
me in question is not referencing the subject of any sentence. me &lt;- buzzkill
Don't fix. cos it's outrageous! truly outrageous!
EB augment: Excalibur learns Bankai release: his skana sheds millions of tiny blades seeking all enemies within a cone. this prevents lucky/clever enemies from dodging the energy wave
Ash+Mesa/nova: 1 = ash teleport 2 = crappy ash ult (no aoe and no invulnerable)/ crappy nova molecular prime (no aoe and no cc) 3 = single target ash shuriken with single target cc 4 = mesa ult except... not toggle based Single target in warframe is terrible. There's no new content here. The abilities are just washed down existing ones.
inb4 something something hand job something something howard wolowitz
During Math class when they replace Astatine with Beryllium then carry out the Boron, then replaced Hydrogen with Thorium. MAtH -&gt; M+At+H-&gt; M+Be+H -&gt; Me + Th -&gt; Meth
Where do you think electricity in the sky comes from? it comes from the electricity in your house. the stupid sky irresponsibly uses up your electric bill forcing you into bankruptcy resulting in you living homeless on the streets. Fuck the sky!
can't spell illuminate without illuminati... oh wait
sliding into the standard knocks up all enemies along the way... and the standard offers players within 7m 22% attack speed bonus, and 240 bonus base damage on all damage outputs
Should've brought Rhino... That codpiece can be very intimidating
It's not like excalibur's invincible while ulting... well... not invincible on all sides
Some parts are more expensive than others. Most parts are super cheap and you won't get more than 10p for it. the most expensive non-mod you can sell is a full loki prime set (or just a loki prime system). Maxed Limited addition / Corrupt Mods are fairly expensive (in the hundreds). save cheap parts for ducats to stock up on the next great prime mods. then sell those prime mods maxed for high prices. only stock up on good primed mods (if most people say it's useless, it's probably not very profitable)
Narrow minded aren't usually great since range is pretty important on almost all frames. (we don't have primed stretch yet) It might be more expensive in the future once we get primed stretch. You should still ask around on Trade chat since people still might want those types of mods. Right now, Transient Fortitude and Blind Rage are huge since everyone wants those on Mesa, Excal, et al. Not everyone want maxed Blind Rage, you should ask around for preferences. Unranked Transient Fortitude sells for 15 to 25 plat. Ranked goes for hundreds. If you get discouraged because you don't have enough fusion cores, you might as well sell the unranked right now. You'll get more in the future Maxed mods are always dramatically more expensive. since you'll need hundreds and even thousands of cores to level from rank 9 to 10
but his opinions ARE more important than ours
I like putting it on my 6 forma Seer
disappointed with the lack of crit chance and berserker. purity proc's better imo because you can use that extra poison for viral. plus mire looks very ugly :(
before flooding this thread with hate messages regarding OP's blatant naiveness, know that he's returning so he's missed a lot of news regarding future content. 1. Mods 3.0 will never happen. Stamina's getting removed so no more stamina mods. (few less filler) New PvP encourages players to equip the rest of those filler mods. You get augments and aesthetics from PvP, so there's that. 2. There are no such thing as "god tier weapons" but there are trash tier weapons. snipers so far are the only trash tier weapons because Warframe hates single target damage. Shotguns are getting reworked to be even more powerful to compensate for damage falloff. Bows have innate punchthrough and explosive mod. Every weapon needs to be modded to be "not trash tiered" to some degree. 3. Nullifiers are intended to counter ability spamming and camping (INTENDED... never said it worked). Warframe has a melee system. Don't assume that having a sniper/bow means you're never gunna need a melee weapon. You deal with nullifiers the same way you deal with those frost shield guys. it doesn't really matter which primary weapon you use, as soon as you get that close, it's more effective just to use your melee weapon. Otherwise what's the point? Coptering's being removed due to Parkour 2.0 so using melee for mobility alone is pointless. 4. They're doing an entire starmap mission and void revamp soon^tm , and they're targeting (nerfing) specific camp focus warframes (except mesa...)
you can achieve a maximum of 315% with melee prowess, enduring strike, and the dual effect mods. There are 3 slots open status chance mods achieving a max status multiplier of 180%. EB base status chance is 10%. so you get at most 28% status chance. True steel gives 60% crit chance right off the bat (so 15*1.6 = 24) with 1 mod, you already have a higher chance of critting than 1 status mod procing. I'm not gunna include true punishment because you really don't need it. In statistics, chance of critting via DE's naive RNG method has something similar to IID, independent and identically distributed random variable. that means every strike has it's own random variable and doesn't effect the chance of future strikes critting/procing. (assuming perfect RNG, which it isn't). This gives berserker an innate advantage Crit with Berserker allows you to increase your attack speed everytime you crit. meaning you'll be outputting more strikes. each strike procs it's own crit/status. Therefore more strikes = higher overall chance (Since chances are additive here). You can replace a status mods (shocking and fevering) for berserker. (you have 15% chance per strike, high base speed = higher chance) replace the left over status mod with a dual status mod. You shouldn't depend on CP in high levels because you'll want steel charge instead. other people will be more likely to be selfish and pick what they need (e.g. mirage/loki would want more energy siphon for blinds/disarms/QT)
Just press 4
you can back flip off enemies. the escape would look even kewler.
Warframe 1, Destiny -1
Needs a Speedometer. Vroom Vroom
entangled particles are always opposite. since you poo at the same time. clearly you guys' poop aren't entangled. if for everytime you poop, your buddy doesn't, then and only then there is a chance for your poops to be entangled
Engines aren't just physics, animation, sound, and rendering. DE's improving on these aspect quite a bit, but the streaming, networking, and AI are quite bad. Network issues are very common, and data usage is fairly inefficient. The AIs act stupider than Halo 1's grunts. (and the grunt's cowardice behaviour is intended). That DE using a proprietary engine is the best choice due to the company having full development control allowing new features like parkour 2.0 to be a reality. However, I still wish DE can optimize the engine and cut off the unnecessary behaviours like that stupid cover system the grineer and corpus units keep using. call it Evolution Engine 2.0 and specialize it for Warframe
Thought this was a play on Master Chief... then I remembered that obscure mod...
primed stretch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
sorry, but it seems like AP bio didn't prepare you well enough for second year college biology. Unfortunately North/South allele is sex linked (specifically on the Y chromosome). Meaning if OP is a male then he inherited his father's South allele (making him have a 50% chance of being Southwest and 50% of being Southeast). Otherwise, if OP is a female then she'll have that 25% chance of one of the 4 traits. Good thing none of them are found on the X chromosome otherwise we'll have to consider the super confusing X-inactivation.
yo mama
Real science alert: you can't get an erection without gravity. this is because we know everyone is sexually attracted to gravity.
Here's the problem: fireworks are set off at night. During the night, we're not pushing earth away from the sun. We're pushing it away from the moon. Moon is already moving away from out planet at a rate of 1-2 inches per year. If we move the moon any further, we risk having the moon leave our orbit. The moon is very important for stabilizing our planet by preventing the polar wobble from going out of control. What we should be doing is setting off fireworks around noon.
I would rather use that bucket of water to solve global warming, drought, and famine... but sure you can extinguish the sun
wrong subreddit... try this https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/
shhhhhh if DE ever catches this post, they won't give compensations!
tardy to the party http://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/3a9bbq/excaliburs_new_passive_bonus_bonus_damage_with/ https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/3aeoki/three_subtle_but_important_excalibur_changes/
It's also on the wiki, which you would've gone to if you watched excal's new video and noticed that armor value... just to verify it's not a typo
mire master race!
There's that word again... Heavy. Why are they so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
5 times the l00t
I suppose the saliva should be filled with some anti-coagulant to prevent blood clots from blocking the fang tubes. As a vampire hunter in training, I'm curious as to why vampire biting another vampire doesn't kill it like Blade's anti-coagulant EDTA. is such EDTA substance derived from vampire saliva? if so, what techniques would one use in milking a vampire?
Barry+Eddie4Lyfe
the airline manager coerced all the planets onto the plane by promising complementary accretion disks (limited addition chinaware). the disk is a very attractive reward
You'll get autism... but you will be immune.
no. it means you're related to vito corleone. You should move to new york and claim your rightful place as one of the Dons of Five Italian Criminal Families.
[wincest?](http://i.imgur.com/B6M4xVO.gif)
enough to melt steel
cold refers to the subjective perception of having low temperature. It's a perception just like how being very cold can feel like it burns, being very hot can feel like it's cold. North Pole feels cold because it's so hot, you actually feel cold.
you go to the nearest hardware store and buy the roughest roll of sand paper you can get your hands on. grab the thickest duct tape you can find. then buy an entire can of all purpose super glue. pour the super glue on your dick, then duct tape the rolled up sand paper with the rough side facing inward (towards your penis), start sanding until red liquid starts spewing. with any luck these instructions should be unclear enough for your penis to be stuck in a fan.
90 degrees (right)
water is perpetually sexually aroused. it literally cannot take a cold shower. poor thing
I don't know. I'll have to test i
Sgt. Nef Anyo basically a normal unit who calls himself a boss.
&gt; keanu prodman It's fucking John prodman! I once saw him kill 3 ancients with a pencil. a fucking pencil!
test it with the primary fire first other than that, it still seems super inferior to soma prime. it seem just as ammo inefficient and deals noticeably less dps. soma prime also has range advantage use it if you like it
excalibur others have their prime counter part
This would work if DE eases up on the RNG and reward us based on performance rather than luck. The consensus is that DE loves RNGs, so there's no chance of that happening.
some frames enjoy negative duration. No frame honestly enjoys negative efficiency
what they need to do is just add a shit ton of zip lines on areas like those
negative duration fire chroma build? or regular? cos if it's regular, you might as well go lightning chroma to get the shield recharge whenever you recast vex armor to get more armor
his buff range is tiny you might as well add smoke shadow ash to the buffers too
Cover system. both a blessing and a curse. (it's responsible for that erratic behaviour where the enemies just run back and forth between two spots making you miss all your arrows)
https://youtu.be/eoS7HNEBVfw?t=67 you really need to be bored enough to use underpowered weapons for farming. these bored people exist. It's clear that a minority of the weapons (the overpowered ones) do the job for a majority of the game. as oppose to having a choice of weapons when doing farming (an overwhelming majority of the game). In fact a majority of the weapons are used for a fraction of gameplay (usually for mastery foddering/bored) ergo, most of the weapons are just for quenching people's bored-ness and that's not quite right. choice is fun and choice is life. only choosing when bored is not good game design. (It's like choosing between watching star wars prequels and banging your head against the wall when bored out of your mind. Both terrible choices you wouldn't normally do, but you'll do them anyways for the sake of variety) too confusing; did not read: farming is the root of all evil
warframe didn't always have that 100% thing on the load outs that display efficiency, range, strength, and duration. People use to refer to builds based on modifiers. Example: people refer to warframes with nothing but a maxed intensify mod as having 30% strength instead of 130%. So naturally any stat that goes under 100% has a negative total modifier and is referred to as negative stat
You can't ride a bird... you can ride a dragon though. It should be called dragon power
your arm is just missing the al
we flew around like birds. birds got jealous, that's why then invented Isaac Newton
No, Rip Hunter is. Can't be Terminator without Time Travel
How to solve with 90% chance of success: spam 3 near the end of blade storm to make sure you don't fall. falling is often due to the common ash bug of panning back and forth between your initial position and some marked enemy. with any luck near the end of bladestorm, you might trigger yet another bug where you'd teleport to your own clone. your clones will never fall through the floor... most of the time for excalibur: press 1,2, or 3, if the hud says ability in use, simple roll on the ground then cast any of the basic abilities again (this is because you cannot roll in any of the animations of those abilities, so you're basically cancelling the ability in progress). casting any of excals abilities would bring out his energy skana allowing you to press 4 again to deactivate it. The game's assuming you're still in Exalted Blade mode even though the bug somehow disarmed you. edit: I may have over-estimated the likely hood of success for these tricks... excal's fix is like 90% of the time. fixing ash's problem is borders on 20%
no. warframe is about farming. that's why "ware farm" is an anagram of warframe. we literally farm for wares (resources, weapons, etc.)
so this is why it takes forever to kill those guys with my max strength mesa when there are ancients around...
if you make it so that combos don't give off waves, this would encourage people to not combo at all. we want to encourage comboing not discourage it. If you're running into enemies then using your exalted blade slash, then you're using it wrong. EB waves can go through walls so there's no reason for using it close range since practically all enemies within a 40m radius should be dead. plus if you're building correctly, the waves alone deal about 10k per slash (not even counting stealth multiplier) so the multiplier is pretty overkill (and especially unappealing since you're sacrificing range). What should happen is for the blade to have combos while parkouring, since it's gunna be a thing soon. this extends to other melee weapons
toronto maple leaf jersey for tenno! frickin torontoers imposing their hockey view on us
You ask superman to come, burn off his cloth, showing his ripped hairy chest, then put out the fire for you.
You're so cold you burn. you got burnt
That's because a circle is flat you dingus. I mean... have you ever seen a not flat circle?
how many bagels does it take to form a blackhole?
Green ash prime = snoop dog
significance?
terry crews for pres 2016
&gt; I hope he registers this ostrich.
Angel DASHU!
Genos is pretty biased tbh... 15 in justice xD
I think fighting ability denotes their capability to deal with the number and level of threats. Metal Knight's all machine, so he can deploy all over the city and handle multiple threats all at once, so he scores 10, and Tatsumaki can obviously influence multiple threats. 9 is probably the maximum for people who can't influence entire cities. King's achievements are based on multiple dragon level threats which is probably why he got 10. HA is suffering from classic data manipulation flaw: 1) they're narrowing the range on the stats (Genos counted up to 15 which is a higher range to account for anomalies like Saitama), so comparisons can't be accurate 2) the fields are not atomic (if my fighting ability interpretation is correct, then fighting ability can be separated into 2 more fields: ability to deal with threat level, and influence area [speedsters, telekinetic, mechanics would dominate here]). Another example: Endurance/Physical Fitness can be separated into stamina, willpower/pain resistance/tolerance, regeneration, resistance to damage, classic rpg stuff. Zombie man can get max stat for regen and willpower, but low for resistance, and moderate for stamina (he got exhausted after fighting 1 demon level threat for 10 minutes). 3) heterogenous weighting: from the exams, they seem to make Intelligence and Justice weigh 50% of the exam, and all the other stuff (speed, strength, endurance, fighting ability) to the other 50%. instead if they make all atomic variables weigh equally, the ranking system would be slightly more balanced. 4) they included politics (popularity+achievements)
15 in video games
[Flexes Tanktop](https://youtu.be/Lugly180oHM?t=26)
but saitama is not immovable... plus his punch to kill ratio is no longer one.
Tank Top would die from throwing up after seeing Puri Puri's Angel Mode up close.
*116th
so I suppose he CHOSE to go to the moon? saitama's strong in terms of everything fighting, but he's not perfect. he can only do everything a human can. and humans are not immovable
1) I'm pretty sure Boros was actually tired, since he was breathing heavy 2) he's attacking all over the place and isn't focused in one direction presumably because he realized that knocking saitama around isn't going to do damage.
well considering how ONE said awaken garou is boros level strong, and how Saitama was acting "serious" to make the garou fight more enjoyable, Saitama was hardly serious that entire boros fight. (note that saitama doesn't have to be legit serious to use serious series. Example: he uses serious series serious side jumps to spar Sonic)
think of getting punched by the sea king like getting hit in the head by one of those foam tubes for the pool. Saitama isn't superhuman in the conventional sense: he has no energy projection (no superman's laser vision, ice breath, no super saiyan chi/flight), he needs to breath, eat, drink, and sleep. therefore, despite his physics bending punches, and superhuman strength, durability, and speed, he's still subjected to gravity, newton's first, second, and third law like the rest of us. (proof: the build cratered when he jumped into the meteor; equal and opposite reaction) further more saitama is shortish (he's average japanese height (and weight)... which is short by american standards...), he can spread his legs to give him additional footing combined with his super strength to give him a very high resistance to horizontal and downward forces. but like any normal human, he doesn't have claws... (how does he cut his toe nails?...) so he can't hold onto the ground if someone lifts him straight up. if he does hold onto the ground with his hands, unless the ground is as durable as saitama himself, the ground can still break apart. (kinda like the thor's hammer argument).
never said saitama can't tank. The comment was whether or not he can be moved... the answer is no... he's not immovable.
Probably found the subterraneans and they made him their king
If only he didn't kill off vaccine man in the first chapter...
He's black because he's fast, he jumps high, and his life matters. and he's a sperm because he uses cells to divide, he stains protein everywhere, and he eats protein to get more cells.
heavy water is just obese water that's too lazy to kill us. heavy water is fine.
He's a charity worker! he call anything whatever he wants!
windows 10 + probably tablet laptop. my guess
Ever noticed how every new jedi start training at an increasingly later age? Anakin's kid when he joined, Luke was a teen, and now Rey actually seems like a young adult. What if without training, powerful force sensitives naturally develop these abilities as they get older?What if training and emotional conditioning is actually inhibiting their true potential? While the EU is no longer officially canon, I do believe abrams can still draw elements from it. Certain species that are 100% force sensitives don't choose light or dark sides of the force, yet develop immense abilities with almost no training. What if this is what's happening?
If you read the recent manga then switch to one web comics, you'll notice that you'll re-read several chapters worth of content. For instance, Murata has Saitama karate chops Garou when Saitama goes to buy his wig for the martial arts tournament, but in ONE's version, Saitama attacks garou cos he dined and dashed.
10km run every single day for 3 years no AC in summer, no heater in winter 3 meals a day, and a banana for breakfast
&gt; very influential role Inb4 Darth Artoo Theory
then &gt; 1990 | I Bought a Vampire Motorcycle | Priest
[rookie alert](https://youtu.be/aSn1g-6h1OQ?t=23)
It just proves that the bible is evolving into biology textbooks. if biology textbooks evolve from bibles then why are there still bibles around? checkm8 atheists!
Inb4 golden age OPM and his reversing time by running around earth backwards.
Saitama's not the Flash, but he can hypothetically be just as fast. However unlike most speedsters portrayed in superhero movies/comics/tv shows, Saitama's seems to still be bounded by newton's first, second, and third laws (especially the third: equal and opposite reaction). Imagine a race car zooming down your street, the amount of noise it makes would be pretty annoying and hearing it everyday might drive you insane (unless you're betting money or something). Amplify that a few thousand times and you'd get shockwaves which would not only deafen you for life but probably kill you. Long story short, if Saitama runs too fast he'll end up killing/injure more people than he'll save. Saitama probably don't know the physics behind it, but he knows that him running at ~50% light speed near humans = not good idea.
Yes and no. If you ever tried out for track/cross country/sprints, one common drill is driving which is basically increasing your strides. This indicates that one common goal in all pure running activities is to build up as much FORWARD momentum as possible while minimizing UPWARD momentum (this is obviously different for sports like football, basketball, rugby, and soccer where specialized movements to change momentum also play a roll). Minimizing upward momentum is even more important for Saitama because he can't change direction mid air unlike Genos, Boros, and Tatsumaki (so if he misses he'll be like an unguided missile). I would imagine optimal super speed running something similar to swimming on the ground or something like cheetah leaping. Ostrich, one of the fastest bipedal animals, maximizes backward momentum via its [backward bending knees](http://www.scienceinschool.org/sites/default/files/articleContentImages/21/ostrich/issue21ostrich5_xl.jpg). To find out more this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaOIPAFFNNI) should help. However despite all these mechanics, upward momentum cannot be eliminated, but if you run properly, you shouldn't jump as dramatically as [Hulk (2003)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzceykTiwjs). obviously if all else fails, Saitama could always borrow Genos' sick shoulder thrusters
Take 71283
except those aren't missiles. those are lasers and lasers don't have sensors... the TIE fighters do. also missiles don't usually have radar. they have laser sensors. radar's more expensive so they put them on aircrafts as oppose to explosive projectiles
What if Saitama's suit is actually laid with lead? to weigh him down so he doesn't just float away? It'll sure allow him to run a lot faster. plus it also explains why he isn't completely naked after boros fired his first energy blast
legit screenshot of yandere simulator
He already cook his meals, clean his apartment, and read his bed time stories. We all know Genos is best mom.
Just don't pull a George RR on us and release it before the anime comes out... he should have plenty of time.
Tunnel Snakes Rule!
*Ugmons
THAT ^is ^not ^data ^mining
You mean the supporting research in machine learning? Yes. Usually with programs like these they often pre index sample images instead of doing comparisons at run time. No big data is being processed. Data mining is the processing of large data sets (big data). the actual learning data sets in practice are almost minuscule in comparison to the data sets used by the government and large corporations. Furthermore, aside from the quantity, the definition of Big Data also specifies large variations in data type. In this case, all the data being processed are images. It's not data mining. However, one can be confused since image processing can also take advantage of dimensionality reduction used in data mining. That's a technique, but it doesn't define the field
your professor probably haven't specified that these vectors have harmful viral material spliced out. In short, cleared vectors are basically vaccinations for your computer. just do something like std::vector&lt;virus&gt; inject; inject.clear(); inject.push_back(virus1); ... cpu(inject);
That would be an improvement imo. Imagine having Rain Man run your programs.
I do believe the only named move he used on Garou was Serious serious: Serious Table flip
main.js var sync2Here = null; exports.somethingsomethingJQuery = function(data) { sync2Here = data; } function MA_Whats_For_Dinner_cb() { ... setTimeout(function() { if (sync2Here == null) console.log("stuck in callback hell"); }, ...); console.log("dinner's ready"); } module.js var values = retrieveFunc() setTimeout((){ require("main").somethingsomethingJQuery(values); }, ...);
It would be understandable if OP was benjamin buttons
Leo fucked raw liver and beans? a true artist lives his craft!
Fire a nuke down south, you get WW3
As soon as you capture and interrogate an [Outsider](http://xcom.wikia.com/wiki/Outsider_%28XCOM:_Enemy_Unknown%29)
&gt; Netflix receives bigger grants than chemistry NASA has less money than the amount M. Night Shamallama's Last Air Bender made. let that sink in
the great trump wall is exactly 20.5 mexicans long
Don't be an athlete. Seeing how you're on reddit, I diagnose that you should be doing just fine and thus require no remedy.
easy fix. drink a mana potion
[Fighting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa0vh-VGyNU)
[Spirit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_9sDW5U1NY)
Was she drunk/hungover?
Mac or Windows?
Rito pls! D:
halfway through fallout, it just clicked.
Best juke ever
you can see his iron broke (probably don't have a spare). he's obviously gunna have to pick a driver now.
Or just do 100 pushups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, and a 10km run everyday.
"what are you doing doggie?... NO! no! NOOOO!!" "keep rolling" - dog
~~1~~ 2 slides of the girl... hmm
judging from the #GroundFightBack I'm guessing it's some sort of Seismic device perhaps an earth quake generator from Season 1 of Arrow Method of attack: lag
welp I guess only females have hands... looks at my arms... "Oh no!"
those are really soft tipped darts. source: I own the exact same set. broke all except 1 already...
Except for the games where evasions are RNG based and that one single hit that goes through screws you over for eternity
And the anime chins so pointy they can draw blood
So we feed him so much food he'll literally burst! [Do you do poison?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEyUeCyXl1Q)
If I'm traveling at light speed and I throw a ball in front of me at 10 MPH. will the ball ever leave my hand?
the IT crowd
buying new windshields is more expensive than buying bullets
yes
No, it's because your parents in law are single and it's law hereditary.
You would watch aboard an alien ship as a stowaway, get ejected into space by ugly poetry reading aliens, get beamed aboard a ship and meet your human love interest who you met previously but messed up your chances. the 2 headed alien captain of the ship you got beamed aboard turns out to be a criminal, you go on an epic quest to find the question to the answer to life, the universe, and everything. you meet a bunch of rats who rebuild the earth and you live happily ever after in your hobbit home until gandalf and his 13 dwarven friends show up and ask you to steal a stone from a dragon.
That's no moon
why pull over? if it's an emergency you should dial in immediately!
The real question would be "Why would anyone test a weapon that you know would destroy X?" If Metal Knight tested strong weapons that he KNOWS will destroy meteors, then what's the point of testing them? the whole point of testing is that there's a possibility of failure. so far we've seen that he's failed once (in the anime).
alas, the economics of things greatly impacts scientific endeavors. Take NASA for instance, it's common knowledge that Hollywood has enough money to shoot entire films in space, yet NASA is so underfunded they can never reach distant planets like Alderaan or Tatooine.
Nuclear water still exist because you haven't completed the Project Purity missions. finish the damn story, stupid!
Make new lava lamps
He never intended to destroy the meteor... he uses robots so if he really wanted to destroy it why didn't he bring backups? or backups of backups? he literally has an army of robots at his disposal. he could probably push back the meteor with an army of his scout robots if he wanted The end result is he was testing because he wasn't sure if the missiles would destroy the meteor, AND because he didn't care if the meteor got destroyed or not.
OP neighbour is some sort of detective or PI
this is actually common practice for most C libraries. they redefine specific type macros to ensure consistency in their libraries. the only problem is you have to ensure the libraries are linked in a very particular order to avoid those pesky warnings. while this certainly seems like poor software practice by modern standards, this is often better for older systems. you spoiled youngsters with your fancy nullptrs, booleans, and weak-typed languages...
add an additional requirement: - good imagination
post more context pls. declaration, first, second usage, etc. rename confidential information if needed.
the first 5 shot didn't kill him obviously
he was doing shots of tequila with scorpions on his hand Skyfall style. he messed up all 6 times.
PhD in history of mexican beers
return mType != (std::string)NULL ? true : false; same as std::string castNullAsString= (std::string)NULL; bool right = false; if (mType != castNullAsString) { right = true; } else { right = false; } return right; same as using namespace std; ... string guaranteedRTErr= (string)NULL; bool right = false; if (mType != guaranteedRTErr) { right = true; } else { right = false; } return right; same as bool right = false; if (mType != NULL) { right = true; } else { right = false; } return right; same as bool right = false; if (mType != NULL) { right = true; } return right; same as bool right = mType != NULL; return right; same as return mType != NULL; edit: skipped a few steps... woops wrong steps... ternary's hard to read... srry ternary's found in almost all languages... java, python, swift, js, ruby, php, perl... not assembly though. this proves that assembly is the best language
It's called a murder boner. a penis must erect if you have murderous thoughts! it's law!
why did you comment out antigravity? don't you want to fly?
/r/filthymuggleengineering
karma = points, raging 12 y/os = raging 12 y/os, etc... yeah pretty much
a bird is british slang for a chick
by spinning around like a top
using conditioner proves to be impossible.
you just have to remember that he's really more scared of you than you are of him. he is, after all, stuck inside a mirror world, and you're a first class citizen in the REAL world. he's using intimidation tactics to account for his inadequacies. years later, you'll find him homeless in the mirror streets, while you're going home to your wife and kids
why not just skip school and NOT learn division? problem solved
no, it just means you rimmed yourself, you flexible bastard
Dick = MC Hammer. now we know his real name &gt;:D thanks OP
they could be performing some operation to the ticks per frame later on... maybe fps or some crazy number? otherwise they might cast it to double?
the moon was a lot closer to earth back then. the distance made reception wonky. they cancelled their subscription in the first month due to poor service
no. it rolls in the family. in wheel chairs...
yes. if leave them for a century. they become century eggs
O LORD, bless this Thy fist that with it Thou mayest blow Thine enemies to tiny bits, in Thy mercy." And the LORD did grin and the people did feast upon the cabbages and udon and kombu and bananas and lobsters and discounted grocery, and hot pots and large chu... ... And the LORD spake, saying, "First shalt thou take out the Holy Saitama, then shalt thou count to one, no more, no less. One shall be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be one. Two shalt thou not count, least foe be Lord Boros, excepting that thou then proceed to one. Three is right out. Once the number one, being the first number, be reached, then throws thou thy serious punch towards thy foe, who being naughty in My sight, shall snuff it.
&gt; Unlike Atomic's disciplines, she isn't in the shadow of any master a master? try an over protective sister who's the second strongest hero ever seen (right after king of course)
Fighting spirit + Rider's enthusiasm = Kamina
1/9!
I'd like to see Saitama's Serious Series: Consecutive Serious Punches pls
The world's ending tomorrow? as infinite time condenses to one day, our bodies will be ripped to shreds by the tidal forces caused by the stretching and twisting of spacetime.
from my point of view, the je... sigh. what am I doing with my life?
you don't need to kill them all. you just need to put them in the sewers with a giant rat, and an endless supply of pizzas
blood is red, having blood all over your headlights would make it look like brake lights and thus confuse drivers of the incoming traffic. it's better if you chain a corpse or a living person to the front of your car like [so](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/akX3Is3qBpw/maxresdefault.jpg) living is better, since their cries for help should give an audio cue as well as additional visibility
this supports any black car
lunch had oranges, s'all good
When are they making one with a ship-sized exhaust port?
limiter is just a theory by dr. genus though. he's wrong about a lot of stuff. it was brought in Garou's fight though zombieman's point of view, but Saitama then said that he'll always win. If Garou's limiter is truly breaking, then what stops it from completely breaking later on? If he does break his limiter later on would he be Saitama's final rival? From those flash back chapters, Saitama was one punching demon levels before he lost his hair, so if Garou was indeed breaking his limiter he could be compared to pre hair lost Saitama. During his transformation, he had super speed but wasn't able to one punch the demons he faced. This might suggest that Garou's breaking slower than Saitama (Which doesn't make sense, since Garou's clearly a better learner). Or this could suggest that Saitama undergone something completely different. Or most likely, this limiter is just another red herring.
Meteoric Burst!
plot twist: Licenceless rider is the true titular character. justice punch!
&gt; It's very rare to see an anime where the main characters aren't the ones who basically dominate the scene I do believe those are called fillers... and for some reason, everyone hates it. I remember first watching anime and never skipping fillers; I actually enjoyed them. Outclass != scene stealer. Saitama outclasses everyone, but underpowered guys like licenceless rider still steal scenes. This is true for other anime characters like Rock Lee (everyone loves the underdog... at least he WAS the underdog). however, OPM is different because it cuts everything to the bone; if you remove a scene, there will be diminishment, if you skip an episode and the whole arc collapses. so instead of filler episodes there are filler scenes which take up 90% of the show which is pretty much the same structure as any other show. (I'm not defining fillers as non-canon content, but rather as plot fillers that don't really need filling) Almost all popular shows have these side characters going for them, all anime follow roughly similar character structure: the rival, the bro from another mo with a slight age difference (Genos... another example: Killer B, Naruto/Klein/Agil, SAO a few others... although these relationship aren't as strong as GenosXsaitama), brother from another mother without an age difference (King...), cool chick (Fubuki), angry chick (Tatsumaki), motivator (metal bat), old guy (bang), the hero (licenceless rider), etc. I would have to disagree and say that OPM season 1 is an excellent gateway to anime, since it's palpable (only 12 episodes), follows roughly the same structure 90% filler, entertaining fillers (there are quite a few in almost all anime), same character roles, smooth transition from mainstream ensemble shows like Monty Python, Seinfeld, HIMYM, and Game of Thrones as well as character focused shows that also emphasizes the background like Breaking Bad, Dr. Who, and Batman the animated series.
Explain how people find red heads hot? how can you have dead souls if you don't have one to begin with?
so would that mean... that licenceless rider will break his limiter even faster? :O licenceless rider is the TRUE OPM!
Saitama said that it wasn't a transformation. It was just a stupid costume. Saitama literally ripped the costume from Garou to end the fight. He did believe what he was doing, his approach of fighting heroes was wrong which was corrected by saitama's even stronger (I might get a lot of hate for doing this but... stupider) reasoning. Saitama gave the reason why Garou will never win because he's fighting for the wrong team, which is totally absurd. Note that they specified winning and victorious which never meant killing (it's one of those popular anime troups: you have to kill someone to accomplish total victory... barbaric!) Garou just had to defeat each hero but not become a monster (he realized that when he rejected the MA; he simply wanted to be a balancing force (which he still could be).
can we get a non-buzzfeed link pls?
I've taken apart an electronic cigarette before. It's basically a fancy flameless version of a pipe... you know... like [this](http://pipesmagazine.com/wp-content/2012/book-reviews/perfect-smoke-fred-hanna/charatan-coronation.jpg) or [this](http://www.herbtools.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/600x/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/i/m/image_01105_1.jpg) I'd say a water bong might actually be more safe because you can determine how diluted it is... but I've never smoked before so don't take my word for it.
So it's an upside down escalator? isn't that dangerous for australians?
step two: don't wear condoms
escalators, sharks, crocodiles, killer spiders, dingos, snakes, and giant rodents... isn't that too much for them?
what cameras do those porn producers buy? do they condition them to be less shy? or do they feed it some marijuana/alcohol?
I thought Saitama got bald after 1.5 years and he continued another 1.5 years. There was an extra chapter before the Sea King Arc where they show cased a full haired Saitama breaking out of one of those emergency shelters and one punching a demon level threat because he needed to go to the washroom. So Garou didn't break his limiter faster at all. Besides Garou trained in martial arts for years before attempting his Hero hunt, despite being a prodigy. Saitama took out a Tiger level on Day 0 and was stopping cars bare handed Day 100. If this limiter theory is true, then hypothetically, Garou could've defeated Saitama if he didn't believe Saitama's rant about Saitama always winning. But this would defeat the "Saitama is the strongest in OPM universe" axiom since anyone who breaks their limiter could challenge him. It would be a lot easier to reason that this Limiter thing is yet another bogus theory by Dr. Genus.
Ultimate Hellfire Wavemotion Cannon
*shutter
["I was struck by lightning 7 times"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCaN59knUCk)
Wait... so 2 wrongs don't make a right?
pingwing ... whoops wrong bird
*does that in the emergency room... someone dies. it's just a prank bro! yeah there's a fine line between pranks, being a tolerable dick, being an intolerable dick, and being a criminal.
The candy's a trick to make him mess up his weigh in!
the fine one
no, the lines have to be paper thin to make his dick stand out.
It's his printer. why didn't he buy one that only connects to his mac?
he's a serial playa! gotta keep your women away from him.
armored gorilla. cos of his cool robotic voice and sonic... of course.
Light speed Flash
What if he's OPM's ultimate rival? he's on a routine similar to saitama! what if something goes wrong and he works for the wrong team? *Dramatic noise*!!! He's the FINAL boss!
You definitely need King to describe his own though process of charging his Ultimate Hellfire Wavemotion Cannon! And his strategic use of Ultimate backward fleeing technique! His entire fighting tactics in that fight cannot be understood by us meer mortals; he needs to educate us inferior beings
[consecutive normal slaps](https://youtu.be/Y8u1rurefiM?t=38)
I wish the entire HA would just collapse like MA, saitama continues getting free rent and gets paid in Cabbages and Udon everyday until the he reunites with moon-rock chan. the end.
Perhaps, they heard the King engine roar and feared the burn.
guaranteed to give downs to Australians
go to your kitchen and use cabbages to find out
rig another TARDIS to a [paradox machine](https://www.google.ca/search?q=paradox+machine+dr+who&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwisk-6orrTKAhUP72MKHdNZBHsQ_AUIBygB&amp;biw=1357&amp;bih=812#imgrc=5i2s102_DpII1M%3A) then send that with the mini TARDIS for us to study
download more RAM using JQuery
but if it's two indian rappers beefing each other, wouldn't they just be comparing age?
contrary to popular belief E = MC^2 is not the full energy-mass equivalence equation. The full equation is E^2 = (PC)^2 + (M*C^2)^2 which equates roughly to E = MC^2 + PC due to Taylor Swift's Polynomial Estimation. That means if Christians didnt' have mass M=0 -&gt; E = PC. Their energy should be roughly proportional to the power of their PC. so as long as they have crappy computers they should stay relatively still. Alternatively, using Macs is perfectly ok; which is why you see a lot of good Christians buying Macs just in case they miss a Mass.
Not quite. If you ever get newly purchased routers direct from the manufacturers, you'll notice the cable is bounded by rubber bands, or some similar constraining object. the circumference of that band would be the band width (it's the width if you cut the band). So unfortunately the maximum bandwidth is predetermined by the manufacturer (if it's a rubber band, then the maximum bandwidth is the length at which the rubber snaps). However a neat trick to increase your bandwidth is to heat the cable with the constraining object in an oven or blowtorch to soften the rubber/plastic which allows you to increase the maximum stretched length. This method is also a great way to lower latency since you can shorten the rubber wires.
Nah, if he had really held back, he would've toyed him around then used serious table flip to demoralize Boros. Boros' Collapsing Star Roaring Cannon was too powerful to stop without kill him; so in a way Saitama was surprised/caught off guard by Boros' transformation and wasn't in total control. (He was also surprised by Boros speed in his Meteoric burst mode judging from his expression.) I thought Saitama was quite sad about having to kill Boros (well... as sad as an emotionally drained person can get). So that meant Boros forced Saitama's hand = not quite holding back. This could also be partly due to Saitama's lack of tactical skills/martial knowledge (noted by Garou who said that Saitama wasted a lot of moves)
double plot twist, OP found out he's diabetic from all the BJs, but continued making him cup cakes anyways
sorry to bust your bubble but: 1) windows are a structural weakness... 2) unless it's a tourist shuttle/the destination to Planet X, you would be traveling too fast to even see Jupiter, Saturn and Neptune let alone some planet 200+ AUs away from the sun (there'd be not enough light for humans... unless you brought planet sized flash lights) 3) you'd literally have to get the planets to align to flyby Jupiter, Saturn, AND Neptune
and they're probably good at dealing with your shit...
what's wrong with double moms with more than 3 kids and younger than 18?
named my balls buddies
with your mom?
are you saying the camera man is Saitama's ultimate rival?
then the dog rushes ahead and dies... god damn it dogmeat!
Now crack the code in C++ and Java
if you view white as the absence of color, no one gives damn but if you view white as the combination of all the colors, then everyone goes wild!
to compensate, you can hit them with lag
I'm 90% sure it's canon
are you sure that's not because you're horribly lonely?
also it's causing her back to bend forward. if she was slightly older or the guy is slightly heavier she might rupture a disk on set 2
Imagine if they sell commercial room sized 3d printers... That would cut down almost 200 hours of work... plus you can sell the things
My name is Matt!
downvoted
menthane-base means using men as the molecular backbone for the frozen body's genetic material correct? what would the women do?
Or induces a homicidal rage...
I've been using incendiary rounds against flesh... have I been doing it wrong this whole time?
falling down stairs as a blind person is a perfectly legit excuse!
How can this series of techniques be improved in the future to account for the rising cyborg population? ... I'm serious btw.
One does not simply clone Sean Bean.
So OP's better off converting his 1024 bitcoins to a kilobyte coin, then convert his kilobytecoin to 1024 bytecoins, then that 1024 bytecoins to 8192 bitcoins 7 times profit $!
Make sure it's a 6 wheel semi and have it go "Calling all Autobots"
He's definitely right handed: Chop sticks right handed [exhibit A](http://z.mfcdn.net/store/manga/11362/08-039.5/compressed/l014.jpg) [exhibit B](http://z.mfcdn.net/store/manga/11362/08-039.5/compressed/l015.jpg) [exhibit C](http://z.mfcdn.net/store/manga/11362/08-039.5/compressed/l018.jpg)
Cyborgs will presumably perform as quickly and automated as robots, since the whole premise right now is to create a fast interface between man and machine. If we use the current Captcha system, then the cyborgs will feel sad about being left out.
That's the difference between landing in a Sarlaac pit and landing safely on top of a sand dune
Sorry. *Cyborgs using neural interfaces that can interact with the internet
Inb4 auditor gets OP's employers fired. OP becomes new boss of a failing company... Inb4b4 OP hires new employees from this subreddit, new employees use the same trick to get OP fired... Inb4b4b4 the cycle of poverty continues Inb4b4b4b4 shitty_life_programmer uses break statement
What if he's idea of provocative is a quiet night by the fire with a bottle of whiskey/scotch/wine?
what if OP is a timetraveller?
what do you use your left hand for? I'm ambidextrous but I write, eat and wipe with right, so I identify myself as a righty
so serious punch is a jab? also I doubt saitama studied boxing. he had no previous exposure to martial arts apparent from the garou arc
john cena is a meme, not a boxer/fighter... get your facts straight
It appears "all weather" did not account for a case of serious... escalation
that statement is true if P = NP
Fe Male. They made so much money/free metal off of those poor scums they had the spare time/resources/effort to make iron man
you are misinformed sir. wild water is endangered due to our unregulated water capture programs. captive water are as common as bacon and chicken nuggets. the issue comes from the food industry's inhumane treatment of the majestic domesticated water populace. you are doing the right thing without understanding the root cause.
That would be P = 1P Ps cancel out leading to = 1
double plot twist: the picture's burnt because Genos is the wild flamethrower wielding cyborg prototyped by Metal Knight, the guilt/trauma of destroying an entire village forced him to shut down. Dr. Kuseno arrived to modify and reconstruct his memories to protect him. The photo was just the victim Kuseno chose to model Genos after.
[smart water](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SmartWater) is genetically modified water designed to find and capture criminals. It originated from early attempts at restoring the endangered wild waters via genetic cloning. However, dumb ambitious British genetic scientists ([group photo](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/osBFSuTRTqk/maxresdefault.jpg)) created super water clones. Needless to say, the wild clones destroyed the facility. This incident is 60% of the contributing factors that lead to the international ban on human cloning. For months the British government tracked them across the channel and into the mediterranean where they apprehended the rogue group. Seeing the clones as powerful assets, the MI6 allowed them to serve under division H20 until the 1990s when they were allowed to interact with the public to serve as everyday detectives.
only if it's modified with the intent to be super spies. you don't dress your spies like clowns! you make them sneaky, slippery, able to blend in, or even become invisible!
I know what a jab is. I was making fun of him for thinking Saitama follows proper form. He threw serious punch with his right. We honestly should not care about the dominant hand of someone who can win in 1-4 punches, nor should we care about what the punches are called... I think saitama's low number of named punches makes fun of both anime and real life convention of naming attacks. There are dozens of ways to throw strikes (none of them are strictly the "correct" way). He could be throwing hooks, uppercuts, haymakers, or even pimp slaps for all we know. It really all it comes down to the economic of movement.
No, android's that thing that runs on my Samsung Galaxy
That WOULD explain not experimentally finding negative energy...
99% of all numbers on reddit is made up
/r/shittyHexadecimals
*unequips weapons, punches roach to death
As long as the RNG isn't seeded by a obvious in-game element like turn/time. I'd probably like it as much as XCOM. They could use more kill animation doe! XD
Rick and baby Morty picture in Bird~~man~~person's house could be a version of Rick who didn't leave the family 20 years ago. [S2 Spoiler](/s "That Rick could be the Rick who committed the crime that end of Season 2 Rick took the fall for. End of season 2 Rick thought that the federation was arresting him for some other crime that the federation probably doesn't even know/care about. The end of season 2 Morty figures this out, approaches the federation and proves end of season 2 Rick's innocence. Proceeds with season 3.")
got it fixed! Well yeah... Rick did a ton of bad shit. He just don't know which one they're charging him with. Apparently the Miranda warning and judicial system doesn't exist in space... inb4 #ricklifematters
plus all he had to do with that coal mound is to work in a coal mine for a day, make a few creases on his shirt, clean his boots then voila!
inb4 1. some asshole places that landing pad sign in the pool. 2. the dumb AI lowers itself into the pool. 3. you get a free drone, but your package got wet 4. profit?
What if... we're in a show? sort of like a microverse except instead of providing energy, we're providing entertainment?
&gt; for every one you do away with 7 more will take its place Heil Hydra
why would a drone have radar? Bit overkill for amazon imo. IR is blurry on shallow bodies of water. what's the point of that landing pad if it uses radar and IR (both of which are for finding humans/big stuff...) does the pad emit heat?
anyone can ride a quad.
french non-blacks are definitely not allowed to say Monica
How thick is that shower head though?
It's a lie. The little burgers and the coffee. Everything!
Graphical GUI Abstract Class
Why late-night crunching? Just send them N random characters, where N is some number less than the total number of characters in the large file. Just blame the loss of data on the channel. It's even O(N) RT. QED bitches If you want a more complete file, why don't you try changing the channel you lazy prof?!?!
don't judge him. he could be one of them colored folks
Even worse, OP wasn't invited to his coworker's wedding a week earlier
refer to the wiki. My initial assumptions about equal probability is wrong. You get specific parts at specific mission levels
Mom says hi back
I was once a battleship though. I threw barrels off my decks to hit subs like you!
Well that sucks. Lots of my friends are getting scrapped. Luckily for me, my connections got me a gig as a museum
rown: 203 yeen: 50 blple: 12 like this?
Plot twist: First (null)Pickme is born
Lord of the Rings is REAL!
so, wait until spring rolls around?
Jedis deal in one-quarter portions
MRW the photographer's hair caught fire
Did you ask for dental care? Dude, when will you learn to never ask for dental care?
So an 100 year old asian is looks like a 94 year old asian?
steroids m8
unless the gorilla rips the cat's spine out and use the inside as a blanket like leo in the revenant
You're forgetting a portal gun and a puzzle loving AI That'd enrich literally anything
That debatable. they don't consider steel beam questions scientific. /r/conspiracy considers those questions very scientific
nah man. have you seen the movies? the turtles are shredded. their meat would've been too tough and unfatty.
[AVENGE ME!](https://youtu.be/QPoH78eKqfE?t=27)
roughly 1 goat a day for 10 years
Everyone knows European swallows can't carry a coconut. it's a matter of weight ratio
Is that 350º Freedom units or 350º Communist units? Or 350º Mathematician units, 350º Engineer units, or 350º Science units?
You wouldn't steal a baby. You wouldn't shoot a policeman. And then steal his helmet. You wouldn't go to the toilet in his helmet. And mail it to his grieving widow.
Look at that speck of blood on Lyanna's dress. Zoom and enhance. It's clearly Aerys boning Joanna.
If you take a really close look at the night king's eyes. you can clearly see he's Jay Garrick
nah man. It's clearly magnets
According to rule 16. this specific unit can't be used
Cos that gif's like ur papa, michael jackson
If we're talking about realism... How are these parkour guys rolling with a cellphone in their pockets? That's literally a cracked screen after every chase.
That's not a hitbox issue. it's a connection issue. What ur seeing is client side prediction; your seeing one thing, the server's seeing another. The server ultimately decides if a hit connects.
In soviet russia, 2 cans of caviar is standard dish
*rich white fat guy walks in china. "Trump!"
ocular implants
The lord of light/the red god is not done with her yet.
I think reddit's just a bit mad that their theory's been debunked in such an unceremonious manner. Handedness != exclusively using that hand. In fact, great swordsman can fight with both hands. "the steel must be part of your arm." so unless you're jaime, both arm works.
I agree that hanging is weak shit
Having the cock that close to the river reduces the splash. keeping his new boots nice and clean. Smart.
You go to a bar to drink beer while fucking women. You go to a brothel to fuck women while drinking beer. Learn the difference!
The Red Priestess in this episode.
Ned's old, Arya's young. Ned has accepted his inevitable death. Arya has not. Adrenaline and youth does miracles Plus Arya's debatably a better warrior than Ned at her age.
Google adjusts results based on search history. Clearly OP is into that kind of stuff 1/8 times
That monkey's a flippin cheater
This kinda explains how hector mistook Achille's cousin for Achilles...
Should've used the [Jaime Gif](http://imgur.com/lKvgfEK)
The machine driven Tesla is cool and all. but it's the one thing off about this episode. 1. Harold didn't have to sit in the back. he could've just sat at the driver's seat and not used the steering wheel. it would also make him look less conspicuous for on-lookers. It's good for the camera since it shows that it's truly autonomous driving. 2. The chauffeur wasn't as fazed as he should be by the fact that there was no driver and Harold exited from the rear seat. No face of sheer interest/excitement 3. Harold told Shaw and John that the machine will drive them away... if Harold killed the machine at that time... who's driving the car? If the automation system was implemented in some master-slave architecture, where the slave system was still somewhat autonomous, shouldn't there be performance issues if the master system was instantly killed off?
[Spoiler](/s "Cortana died on an entire alien ship with presumably several magnitudes of magnitudes greater than all the RAM in the world. The Faraday caged machine runs on a laptop. We're not going to get the same machine as before if we only take the components from the laptop.") edit: oh shit... OP didn't watch the episode. More ASI = more resources. the only successful collaboration between AIs is show in Colossus the Forbin Project. More mini-AIs would also increase communication overhead, data discrepancies, conflicting decisions, and more. the strategy you described is like zerg rushing except you can only select 1 zergling at a time.
Men in Black Autopilot: Autopilot decoy deploys on your lap.
On my planet, effort starts with an E
After a couple of billion years of selective breeding, we've finally done it.
gotta alternate targets to keep that lovetap passive on
All I see is something something cena clearly this is about john cena
That moment when you're showered with karma for remembering the grunting voices of video game [females](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdnYy1b8KEY)
High noon (aside from references to western movies) is informally represented as a location where the solar noon and the noon of that timezone lines up. solar noon varies depending on latitude. and timezones often vary based on longitude. therefore high noon refers to a set of small regions. (although high noon can sometimes refer just to the solar noon if we're not narrowing it down.) high noon is very difficult to calculate (because date-time data is a mess) and that website is almost certainly off, but if high noon is in Edmonton, it doesn't matter if you're in the States, it is where it is.
Welp. Xylophones getting replaced by rib cages in one meme.
I AM GARROSH!
Erin's actually Unisex. so when in doubt, Erin it out
Dany was always considered a queen by her closest followers. Jon on the other hand is just considered a good man. Seen from Tormund and Davos' chat last episode, they really do consider him NOT a king. He's more of a champion rather than a ruler, a propaganda figure instead of the person spreading the propaganda. Right now both of them are shitty rulers. Jon is driven by a sense of duty; he reluctantly rise to lead only when the situation demands. Dany is a driven by her birthright; she leads because she feels she was born to lead. Dany embodies the medieval approaches to leadership, where as Jon embodies the roman approach to leadership (it's all democracy until a state of emergency forces Jon to take dictatorial action: good or bad). However, that said, some combination of these two characters is what makes a good King/Queen.
Well, Jon's biggest flaw is pretty similar to Ned's flaw: a fierce loyalty to family (a family in which he's not even legitimized) and friends. Arya was very right that her father died of loyalty. Had Ned not acted so hasted and eagerly (driven by emotion), or pursued his investigation more carefully (testing the loyalty of the small council as tyrion did), he would have survived. Similarly, if Jon heeded Sansa's advice about not letting Ramsey get into his head. He wouldn't have lost so many of HIS followers (note that the knights of the vale aren't siding with Jon but rather Sansa). This flaw isn't a flaw of character, but a flaw of survival. From the Tyrion/Jaime storylines, we find out that some friend and family bond aren't as strong as we'd believe. For example, Tyrion's trust in Shay (and his last hooker wife); soon we'll find out how brittle Jaime and Cersei's relationship is. Dany let her brother die (even though he's a dick). Euron be like "let's go kill my nephew and niece." As a lot of people have noticed, Jon and Sansa almost had no interaction prior to their meet at the wall. Jon was fighting for Sansa, he placed a lot of trust in her. And this could kill him... again.
Try turning it off then on again. If that doesn't work. turn on subtitles from the CC button
Rank 8 is getting S++ against 9 fakers
it's hard to say
she's got plenty of support by the waste
Keanu!
Reverse Junkrat skin
I'm a peacock! you gotta let me fly!
Die die die die
apparently, depending on varying old standards, NULL could be not 0. also... nullptr, java/js null, nil, and None
someone should make a language/wrapper-language that converts/forces all keywords, values, and control flow to be business terms, so programmers don't have to bother with silly formatting. public Entity freeloader extends Client { private static worth money = free; public Cashbags friends; ... public send(lamborghini rides) { for (Cashbag friend: friends) { friend.send(rides); } me.get(rides, money); } ... } public Entity MyActivity extends Activity { private TextView myText = null; @Override public onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) { super.onCreate(savedInstanceState); freeloader me = new freeloader(); ... myText = new TextView(); myText.setText(me.send); // autoformat ... } ... }
it's also great against vampires
It seems Arya also mastered the faceless men's skill of teleportation
well some google interns are pretty dumb... (they're also responsible for those bugs on youtube) src: I'm still PO that my dumbass friend got the internship instead of me. can confirm. he's dumb. im a bad friend...
Not the same camera though.
more like 0.1 seconds + 5 minutes of the game crashing + restarting + queuing for another game
It's a matter of weight ratio. so no.
What are you? Bionic?
Literal Tiger mom
gotta love those fresh squeaky clean plastic canadian 100 dineros
It's your doctor here, reports just came in. You've contracted a rare congenital disease call minima beakgenitis. There is no cure, but we can schedule cosmetic reconstructive surgery such as penile enlargement.
&gt;"How do you decide whose penis opens up to accept the others?" Dwight Schrute -Michael Scott
What does the 'I' stand for?
"Brother! Help me"
&gt; **contracted** a rare congenital disease
the Rock is famous for his cooking.
Like deadpool seeing flying ponies with a pipe in his skull. It's scientifically proven that holes in the skull help improve light receptions. more holes = more light = better vision.
