With regard to the weather, check out southeast Asian Muslims wearing veils in 30 degree weather with 90% humidity. They don't even sweat. Meanwhile the white tourists wearing tank tops and bike shorts sweat buckets.
What is the percentage in London though?
They believe that they are superior in all aspect..., and that their countries are being overtaken by these primitive savages? I don't understand that contradiction.
Practical-minded practices are like laying down a towel before sitting on a public bench to not transfer fecal matter. What practical reason is there for hiding a natural spontaneous erection?
I agree. Once you see that immigrants are just people trying to find a better live, it's hard to spout hate at them.
I occasionally one shot a beast with mechablast rocket, then act surprised that I was able to loot anything useful from it.
I disagree. Languages can be changed forcefully, if the desire behind it is strong enough. What gives me hope is the recent addition of a new word in English, santorum. (Disclaimer: I don't have any stand in that matter, only interested in the process of getting the word out.) What I hope to see is a movement by all German esperantists to introduce something like 'dojcxo' to mean Germany. If they can push out enough literature, change all of eo.wikipedia and use it in conversation, I believe that the change can be made.
Apparently a land like the Sahara can support that population. Wikipedia puts the population of the [Tuareg prople](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuareg_people) at 1.2 million, and the 3-fold land is way bigger than the extent of the Tuareg people I think. They mainly inhabit across interior Sahara. EDIT: Granted, today's Tuareg probably buy food from coastal cities, I don't know...
Like it or not, Microsoft, Apple and Android are the trendsetters in this field. As of June 2015, "modern" means a flat design with two or three bright colors, no grays, and simple silhouette icons. XFCE is about ten years behind I think.
When live gives you a hole in the wall, you make a door.
I figured it out. Replace 'thus' with 'this'.
The portuguese, as always. The portuguese word for France is Franca (sorry for spelling), but the language, people and adjective form is frances. From there, it's just the usual Austronesian vowel and consonant transformations. F becomes p, double consonants have a schwa inserted between them, and c and e is morphed.
Does he actually believe that those are respectable sites, or is he aware of OP's bullshit and is cryptically conveying it by suggesting those sites to him? I seriously can't tell.
Vorto de Mormont-Domo: Cxi tie mi staras.
Reading the title, I assumed it's from fakemalaysiannews.com
Thank god we know at least ONE thing that jet fuel can't do.
I am actually impressed. I can't come up with half of that even if I were to try really hard.
Rare because there aren't that many living channellers anyway. With the surge of new recruit, that would be subject to change. Furthermore, policing is definitely needed to stop the kind of harmful experimentation that Semirhage was doing.
Shirene is still alive in the book.
You should keep your job in a safe then. If you're parading it around, you're just asking to be robbed.
Could be his luck at work there. Though at that point in the series I feel like you could cast a net at a busy intersection and catch a darkfriend everytime.
You actually made the trollocs look cute... They look like furries.
Reddit has more than a hundred million users. (That needs clarification. I think it's unique visitors not user accounts, but not sure.)
Yeah, it's like that where I'm from. When I went to mainland US, it weirded me out that it rains only when a front passes over.
And the company is supposed to repair and maintain the fleet. Fuck, that's a really good deal.
I strived to maintain 100% uptime on movement, just to piss off the clothies.
She's the freaking Amyrlin during the Last Battle. That's like, the fourth most important and most heavy role behind the three Taverrens. If you want to excuse Rand for being the Dragon, you should excuse Egwene for being Amyrlin.
Sorry non-american here. What's the difference between Nebraska and Wyoming?
I think that was a shower head.
Ellaria is secretly an Aes Sedai.
Is a pound of wheat equal to a pound of lettuce? One you need to eat in bulk to supply energy, the other you need to eat only a little to supply all the vitamins and minerals you need. If two pound of water yields one pound of wheat but only half a pound of lettuce, which is more "efficient"?
Let it flow to the ocean?
They don't have to side with Dorne. Highgarden is completely self-sufficient in all aspects, and gaining Sunspear's favor gives little benefit to them. As long as they can keep their heirs alive under the sept, KL can burn for all they care.
Then she'll use that army of the world's best light cavalry to launch a naval assault on King's Landing. Unsullied 2.0
&gt; Separating out the AsyncTask would mean somehow passing everything I need to the AsyncTask, which makes no sense No, that makes all the sense in the world. Make the AsyncTask into its own class, give it a proper name that indicates what it does, then pass in all the data it need through the constructor. Pass in the reference to the TextView through the constructor as well. Why do you think that's a bad idea? \* passing a reference to a View to AsyncTask might cause trouble, so hopefully your Task is shortlived. Otherwise, use something else.
They were stoic, not emotionless. Maybe you just read their faces differently from me, I don't know. They were doing their duty, no different than when they patrol the wall or when they scrub the floor. Just doing their job. For the Watch. Nothing personal.
Yeah, until you end up with a 2000 line file. Different people have different style I guess, but I believe in breaking up the procedure into logically independent parts. Whether I use the method or class anywhere else doesn't matter at all.
So tell us, are you a sociopathic jihadist lizardian atheist paedo trans furry, or do you order steak well-done?
Dance was released 4 years ago, so for book readers it's not "too soon"
I don't know about that. Outside on a warm day, your skin can be pretty conductive.
The regulators do a fine enough job of making sure the information is out there. The workers on the other hand, it's a case of you don't know what you don't know. I don't want to demean them, but the kind of people who work in places that uses those chemicals, well, you know... People WILL protest if the government requires every janitor to take a two weeks course on industrial chemicals to get a license, so what can we do?
It makes sense only if your native language uses the same convention. Otherwise, 'Chu' and 'Cxu' are fairly equal, with the x-system having the advantage of preserving Esperanto's one-letter-one-sound principle. As it turns out the h-system lines up well with English's usage of the ch and sh double consonants. If it "makes sense" to you, that may be why. You know what's the most important goal of Esperanto that lead to its creation? To be a tool that allows everybody to speak on the same level. So we have two systems, one makes sense in the context of Esperanto in general, the other makes sense only to native English speakers. I hope you understand now why we should choose one over the other.
Why swap numbers like that? It doesn't require you to allocate a `temp`. There's probably some niche reason for that, maybe you're working on an 80's computer that has 8 bytes of memory, I don't know.
Hunter would still make more sense than warrior, what with their engineered guns an all.
Do Forsakens still have a functioning digestive system? I imagine the brews and teas would just leak out as soon as they're chugged.
Hey, there was that change to the layout some time ago. That caused some stir.
You are correct in that "noon" would be at midnight during winter, because when the earth goes halfway through its orbit, it is also going through a half rotation (12 hours approximately). The key that you're missing here is that humans are not stupid. The second key is that the tilt doesn't happen in an instant, rather the sun's track through the sky shift slowly over 6 months. What's happening is that we cleverly defined a period of one day to not be exactly one rotation of the earth around its axis, but slightly longer (or shorter, doesn't matter), such that after 6 months that difference of 12 hours is compensated for, and the sun shines brightly overhead at 12 noon on the clock.
Jew crime: we must take all of their money.
I'm just laughing here because to most people, your sentence is completely gibberish. =D
You can learn to throw the knife to kill a deer too.
Unless they present measurements of load time under controlled condition, I'd assume it's placebo.
It's like laundering money, but with your dead daughter-niece instead.
How was puberty like?
That poor chimp
"Bebo" en la angla sonas kiel "porko" en la malaja/indonezia. Estas amuze por ni.
But redditors said the jewish slaughter is not ethical, because it causes pain to the animal. I'm confused.
Do we really have to suffer 10 months of this?
It's ugly because it's not what their work is about. Is not that hard to understand. Book authors, their homes and offices is a mess of notes and scribbles and scraps of paper. But it doesn't matter because their works are in the form of the published books. They would hire a professional typesetter and publisher to put their words in a nice package and get it to nice bookshelves. There are [scanned pictures](http://i.imgur.com/sQoutLh.jpg) of handwritten partially-finished scores from famous composers, and they are atrocious chicken scratches. That doesn't matter either, because their works are in the form of music played by professional musicians, who read from professionally made scores. It's not hard to understand that mathematicians would consider writing programs as secondary. The software's only purpose is to run the simulation and give them the data that they need, and its beauty or elegance is irrelevant. Then they export that data into Latex, and publish their data in nicely typeset papers in nice journals. Programmers, to you the code itself is your work. It is also understandable then that you would have higher standard for code quality than anyone else, and you must also understand that others don't share that standard, and they are perfectly fine with that.
If the dog is innocent it shouldn't need to defend itself against the government. The fact that it's so defensive means that the police should really search the cage, could be hiding smuggled bones.
TFW /r/shittyprogramming is stricter and more thorough than your workplace's code review
Tornadoes can't melt two feet thick concrete radiation shield.
Yeah, she said it many times in her monologoues, how much she hated the inter-ajah catfights.
That's the new subliminal mind control system patented by Swype.
Nobody said you can't, it's just that you end up with shiny turd instead of gold.
Actually if it's a story of a lad avoiding a colour for his girlfriend, it would be crossposted to TRP and immediately be on their front page.
But only once in a blue moon, otherwise my hope in humanity would crash.
So instead of adjusting the supply of taxi in the city every year and weeding out unprofitable cars out of the system, they put up scaffolding up until the whole industry collapse catastrophically? Everybody with a job are at risk of losing their livelihood every year. Companies do employee performance reviews. They figure out how much revenue they're making, and whether their current pool of employee can be supported by that revenue.
&gt; a large number of my close friends are at Harvard or brown That uncapitalized 'b' is very unfortunate.
On the other hand, the greater movement of people and internationalization means that we no longer have situations where everyone in a small town is related to everyone else by at most two or three degrees of separation. Greater genetic spread (geographically) means that cousins-born children are less prone to genetic defect than before.
It absolutely is. Your clothing, accessories, skin ornaments, hair styles, body composition, posture. All tell a story of how you think of yourself and of other people.
Similar charges repel. When you store a boatload of charge in a battery, the anode and cathode swell because of that repulsion. Many methods are currently used to contain and stabilize the electrode material so that they retain their integrity after many swell-contract cycles, but even then there are limits. Battery makers are now peeking over the shoulders of Material, Mechanical and Civil engineers, who are experts at dealing with stresses and fatigues in materials. Multi-layering/compositing is a known technique in construction and mechanical design to stop crack propagation in load bearing structure, so now they're thinking of using it in batteries to stop the electrode from disintegrating.
Just recast your Galleons into Shekels. The IRS won't touch Shekels.
He was ambushed by Ser Pounce in his bedroom. It was bloody.
As a kid, I just spammed prism tanks.
I passed in a PDF of my yearly scrapbook with all the pictures and journal entries of me mountaineering down the Andes as well volunteering at my local church and feeding the homeless. The function returned false. It is obviously buggy.
As a non-american, what the hell is a credit rating?
First situation, no, there wouldn't be any difference in meaning, though *daripada* is more appropriate. Second situation, depends on context. If it is a letter or something that is being sent "from me, to you", then use *daripada/kepada*. Even if the thing being sent is ethereal, like love or thought, still use the *-pada* form. In this context, *untuk* works too. I can think of one way where that phrase would be translated using *ke/dari*. "Adam shifted his gaze from Bela to Chad." "Adam mengalihkan pandangannya dari Bela ke Chad." /u/OookOok has some good example.
What do you mean by the lower spine having to take all the weight? Muscles can't push, and the spine is the only solid support in the trunk. There's no way for the lower spine to take less than the weight of the upper body when standing up. There's no way for a stronger core muscles to take weight off the spine. I guess I misunderstand the terminology, and you're talking about torque or shear stress.
When you get older, and your friends and families scatters to all corners of the country, some dead, some missing, you'll realise you can never have enough of the faces of the people you love.
The person I replied to was arguing about photos with faces versus without faces.
That's Stephen king basically. Even at the end of the book there're still questions that are left unanswered. It really makes you appreciate the sheer effectiveness of HBO marketing to be able to maintain public interest in GoT after the first season
If your problem space allows for a constant 'g' assumption, then it's perfectly valid to interchange mass and force (with proper conversions of course). People who chides you for saying "I weigh 50 kg" are just being pedantic.
It's weird when somebody would get laughed at on most subreddits for saying that they invested in BC "in case shit hits the fan", when in fact BC is currently being used for that very reason right now. It's not really a case of paranoia when the possibility is real.
They squished the numbers, but power progression still has to continue. What's your point exactly? How is the big numbers today violating the squish?
I don't even know what the title was, I just came home when I saw the ending. There was a huge procession of African school students along a long dirt road. They were dancing and singing and laughing, all dressed up in white school uniforms. The group marched up to an army roadblock. The soldiers opened fire. The children ran.
"My super conservative parents cut my hood even though I protested loudly and vehemently when I was a Star Wars loving boy. Now though, I don't mind it as much, and my gf loves it, so I guess it's okay"
I just can't imagine playing my mage without that double blink glyph
Software bugs are in the realm of unknown unknowns. You can't build something to perfection if you don't know what perfection is. Once a software system gets past the hello world stage of complexity, its number of components increase. Each interaction between each component is a potential source of bugs. The number of interactions increases by a factorial of the number of components. When the software is running, events are fired off and executed. Each sequence of events is also a potential source of bugs. The number of sequence of events also increases by a factorial of the number of events. See, not all bugs come from negligence and laziness. A perfect software system is a mathematical impossibility.
Haha yeah, I hate the attitude so much "hurr durr, I'm 13/13M why won't blizzard suck my ass more". Like, come on, go on wowprogress and look up how many people have done heroic archie even. There's even the big movement to help people boost up to get that moose. Blizzard spent the entire early portion of the expac catering to those elite raiders, fixing bugs and hotpatching mechanics. Now late into the expac they are starting to shift their attention towards the rest of the player base, the elites suddenly start crying that Blizzard is "abbandoning" them.
They didn't dig the hole themselves, but the early american pioneers did something similar with buffaloes
how do you know there's a last word that you can't see, if you can't see it?
Your memory of specific formulas and techniques do decay over time, but somehow there's an imprint of understanding left in place (how does that work anyway?) so when you pick up the book again to relearn you'd say "Aha, I **do** remember these things!".
But what if the vulture is literally groping his dog and whispering sexually suggestive phrases? Surely the man has a right to punch the vulture in defense of his dog without being charged of battery.
In capitalist USA, companies boycott you
If you squint a little, yeah, it does look like an onion
What are these glorious orc- and troll-like creatures who are not hunchbacked? Blasphemy I say
Heh, I'll modify a Russian joke for you. &gt; Who's more pathetic, the Russians or the people who lost to Russians?
In that regard, pandaren actually have a stronger case than gnomes.
What do you mean by shit exactly? WoD and MoP have incredible zones, in terms of graphics, physical layout, story, content density and music
Lobbying for more convenient farming versus more utilities/tricks for cutting edge progression? I hope you like that bench, cause you'll be sitting on it if you keep this up.
Or a too-smart-for-his-own-good programmer that packed the array of 16 integer item IDs for the default bag together with character stats. Game programmers brag about squeezing a truck through a pinhole.
We are all Tywin?
What is an artisan then, if not "people who can do that thing well"?
That's usually an alt, they're mythic on their main. Usually...
I don't get this. Of all the BiS lists that I've seen, none of them says "Helmet A is BiS, unless you get warforged/socketed Helmet B then Helmet B is BiS". If you have an example, I'd love to see it. A BiS is a BiS. If you get it warforged/socketed, great! If not, nothing changed. It is still the best.
Minimum wage is pretty arbitrary because it depends on what the politicians think "livable income" is, either just enough to buy a hunk of bread three times a day, or enough to pay for a small apartment and internet connection on top of the basic necessities. Usually we use median income instead, which is about equal for australians and americans.
Just roleplay as a Russian for the rest of the semester. Come to class drunk
If your house is being invaded by Canada, you might as well get the Canadian toilet flush tank, if you haven't yet.
On some news thread you can feel the tension between their xenophobia and their misogyny. "I hate these Arabs, but they share the same view towards women as me, so maybe they're not so bad after all, but they're still scums"
No, MC is a GREAT way of examining the viability of old-raid timewalking, for exactly that reason. People who keep saying that a past expansion was the greatest ever expansion need to recognise that it was due to external factors, like their age at the time and their social circle, and has nothing to do with the actual game. The game has done nothing but improve for each expansion.
Scientific studies are like bricks. Individually they don't do or mean much at all, but put together they all build up to something bigger and more meaningful, like a house. (I realise too late that Americans don't build houses with bricks, so fuck it) Just because the studies don't say anything conclusive doesn't mean they're useless.
Oceanic Nagrand/Caelestrasz Horde guild &lt;Unholy Redemption&gt; is currently 13/13H and looking for 3-4 more DPS to fill our team for mythic progression. We have most of heroic on farm already, so don't worry if you're not geared. Raid time is 10:45 pm server time Sun/Mon. Alt raid on Thursday also at 10:45 pm
The dimensions in the game world is squished a bit to allow for better gameplay, but yes, snow does stop at some point when you fly straight up in real life.
&gt; It's basically a 3 button rotation ...says the mage
What exactly sucks about ability overlap? All classes have overlaps between their specs. Maybe less so for mages and warlocks who only share utilities between their specs and not core DPS spells, but shamans had always been a hybrid class since Vanilla. The only difference between elemental and enhancement is combat style and philosophy. They both use elemental powers offensively, they just do it differently. Having a little bit of overlap is totally expected.
So, people complained about Fire and Fury, they say that not getting a crit proc a few times in a row sucks. So blizzard gave them perma enrage and endless pyroblast, so now those specs are boring as hell. It just amuses me how bad and short-sighted most of the suggestions on forums and reddit are.
And how widespread is this neckbeard and neckbeard-costume thing in real life? If your workplace is literally Reddit or 9gag or some other internet pop content companies, yeah I can see that you might get teased a little. Otherwise, if you're a well adjusted co-worker wearing a clean button-down shirt and pants, I would at most bat my eyelash twice or thrice at your unusual piece of clothing, but wouldn't associate any negative trait on you.
Melissandre's stunt with the leeches (assuming that you're not one of those people who think it's just coincidences) shows that blood **does** mean something in this world.
This system is used extensively of all places in Singapore. 8 feet of precipitation a year isn't enough because their population is so dense, and they don't want to depend on friendly neighbour Malaysia for something as fundamental as drinking water.
They never said that they have a problem with fistweaving specifically, at least I haven't found anything text that said that. What they said was having a pure healing and hybrid dps-healing style in one spec with the ability to freely change from one to another mid-combat causes problems. Problems of balance, complexity, design, a bunch of stuff. So they take away that hybrid role out of MW and put it into Disc. They could have instead made MW a hybrid and make Disc pure healing, but that's even more screwed up because priest already has a pure healing spec and it would put MW in a very precarious position in a team because they don't have much choice. To put it another way, they have transfered the hybrid-pure duality from monk to priest, and made it spec-based instead of stance-based.
Holy hell that's asinine. The daily cooldowns prevent mats price skyrocketing at the start of the expansion and a tier. If there's no cooldown, as soon as a patch with new recipes releases, high end raiders will buy all the mats and craft the highest tier available immediately. That wrecks the economy. Imagine Blackrock ore going for 10,000g a piece. The daily cooldowns smooths out the demand so that supply can catch up and the price remains reasonably stable. To say that they put daily cooldown purely for selfish corporate reason is just asinine.
Bows don't murder people; people murder people. It's not a murder weapon, it's mostly used as a tool for self-protection and self-sustenance.
They didn't "put in" or take out break points, not deliberately. Break points are an emergent property of the system.
I was so confused when I saw people write "leg ring". In my mind it's a ring that people wear around their thigh.
Assuming that paper was well written and they really meant percentage instead percentage point, yeah the it's a very small increase
I refuse to polute my browser history with dick-queries, so I'll just use [this source](http://www.medicaldaily.com/breaking-point-how-much-blood-can-human-body-lose-350792) to get a blood loss limit of 30%, out of a typical blood volume of 5L, that means you need to lose about 1.5L to pass out. (Honestly I'm surprised that we can lose that much blood and not die. Our body is incredible!) Then I'll pull a number out of my ass and say that a typical penis is 12cm long and 3cm in diameter erect, and 4cm long limp. The expansion volume is 8cm * 1.5cm * 1.5cm * PI = 60cm3 You'd need about 1500 / 60 = **25 DICKS**
Nope that's normal
Because people complained that they hated totems.
So, you won by playing properly, working together, and executing the right strategy? And you always lost when you didn't?
I got a really bad case of food poisoning in 2015. Must be the Jews
Meanwhile, people complain about a small gold fee to switch spec
The article directly addressed this by giving the definition of "reserve", which takes into account "current economic condition".
I think that it's possible to do this calculation. Looking at this [plot](http://imgur.com/xYEzRWr), we can setup a simple differential equation to describe the heat dynamic at the zenith point, use data to calculate a heat dissipation factor, then use that to calculate the steady state temperature at constant solar insolation. The equation should look something like `Q - kT = j dT/dt` where Q is the incoming solar insolation, k is the heat dissipation factor, and dT/dt is the slope of the temperature plot. Once you have k, the answer to your question is simply Q/k. Unfortunately i don't have the data to do that.
He meant in-game poor, as in gold poor
&gt; example? Data? Do you even play this game?
And miss out on half the job offer out there? That will totally improve their job prospect after graduation!
Well, different schools have different criterias, but yeah for some schools a shahadah is enough.
Yeah, it's so fun to nab a kill due to total freak RNG and not because of my masterful timing and choice of skill. Totally.
I don't understand why the game has so much pointless restriction. They should make so that all of my offensive instantly kills all enemies of all levels within 100 yards. Total freedom, total choice, total fun.
Neither do you
Survival of the swolest
What fun? The more pyroblast you can cast in a fight, the lower they have to tune it's damage to keep the overall DPS balanced. I'd rather have fewer pyros that hit like a truck than a just a slightly stronger fireball
It doesn't DO much, it just provides access to ask those different services. The actual work of doing system calls are delegated to other classes. I don't think it's a God object
That's called a facade.
Only if your reaction video copies the exact graphics, scripting and storyboarding of their videos.
Let's see if I can bait those casuals out with five words Prismatic crystal rune of power
Maybe you should do some reading on item stat budget before dissing Blizzard
**Oceanic Nagrand/Caelestrasz Horde guild &lt;Unholy Redemption&gt;** is currently 13/13H and looking for a couple more DPS to fill our team for mythic progression. We have most of heroic on farm already, so don't worry if you're not geared. Raid time is 10:45 pm server time Sun/Mon. Alt raid on Thursday also at 10:45 pm
&lt;Unholy Redemption&gt; on Nagrand/Caelestrasz is currently 13/13H and is about to start mythic, *if the roster god is merciful and we have a full 20 this week!*. Our core raid is at 1030pm Sun/Mon. Visit our website http://wowur.enjin.com for more info and for application.
My bad, Nagrand gear goes up to 610.
I blame final fantasy for giving me a false impression of dire wolves.
Depending on how competitive the school is (fucking premeds) the class might actually *demand* an extra session to replace a snow day
With the kind friendly guy with a scraggly beard and smudgy shirt who hang out near the sundry shop a lot
But then you have the shamans complaining that they "have been doing the exact same thing for three expansions"
Exactly. No other specs can spam their fast expensive heal like paladins. Meanwhile their multi target heal are pityful. Those standardised healing spells serve as a foundation, and the spec healing styles are built on top of them. This prevents the raid from getting absolutely fucked if they don't have one of everything, while at the same time allowing the healers to play to their strength when the situation allows for it.
On the other hand, fire has a lot more instacasts than arcane. I used to do the void baiting in arcane, and it was pretty horrible because I got only one cast off before having to shift, and it messed with my "rhythm", and bursting was impossible. There aren't enough ice floes charges. We have more hunters now in the team, so I just ran away from the voids and let the hunters handle them. (Heroic. only starting mythic now). How do your team usually handle the voidfiends?
Or basically any traditional christmas movie for australians.
To enhance the gravitational field around her
Death to those who oppose us! *swerves to the opposite lane*
I had to look up what NTR means. Do you really find that Indian bloke fappable? I mean, he's not bad at all, but that's pretty unusual.
Yeah, shielding the bulb from the moon would also shield it from a part of the sky (space is like 4 kelvin, so you lose heat to the sky), and I'd wager that's a significant contributor to the shaded thermometer reading higher temperature.
Why didn't they just bring in some frogs to eat up those flies?
What does grammar has anything to do with that?
So if they end up in an Ahab-like situation inside of a whale, wizards would die of thirst?
Technically it's not wrong https://xkcd.com/1217/
Can you explain what that geological reason is? Because of we go by tectonic plate, it's a lot more than 2.
SEF on live had to be butchered. It scales so well with more targets, that they had to tune down the single-target damage to keep WW damage in general under control. The best approach to remedy this is to take away cleave damage from SEF and distribute it to other abilities. That way you get good single-target and multi-target, instead of shit single-target but amazing multi-target.
Implicit is gated behind a compiler flag. You need to opt in to use it.
Exclusive OR, aka XOR http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1991380/what-does-the-operator-do-in-java
/r/BestOfLegalAdvice is very well known to browsers of /r/LegalAdvice, since they'd see the meta link bot post fairly often. If the mods didn't explicitly mention BoLA, it's because they don't feel the need to.
Their license plate can be recorded by passers-by or security camera, and having the food-truck impounded by the police is way worse than if the normal street hawker's vehicle is impounded, because all of their equipments are in the truck.
That's what people asked for. Seriously. PvE people complained about "PvP only" talents, PvP people complained about certain abilities or specs or classes being imbalanced because Blizz prioritize PvE when balancing. They all asked for greater and greater separation between PvP and PvE, and so here we are. They asked for it.
[The derivation doesn't mention gravity at all](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsiolkovsky_rocket_equation#Derivation), except when explaining that the delta-v calculated may not be the actual delta-v observed if the rocket is subject to other forces, namely gravity.
Step 1: Throw dignity out the window
Emailing things to yourself... when was the last time I had to do that? Such dark days those were.
In all languages that have OO and null, null is the subtype of all types. That's why you can always return a null no matter what the return type of the function is
Papua New Weenee
How are we getting worse exactly? It's really easy to be an alarmist just by looking at one economic metric over a short time span. A legitimate economic analysis needs to look at the broader pattern across multiple metrics, over a longer timespan, normalising for various external factors, with comparisons to other economies in the same region or the same bracket.
On the other hand, they think cleaning the butt with only toilet paper is as good as not cleaning at all. It's unbelievable that people in "modern" countries think just wiping is good enough.
It was an arranged marriage
&gt; I just wish they would make Savage Roar baseline again, as it is a core rotational spell and having it forced upon us as a talent feels pretty annoying. What? You don't want it to be forced upon you, so you want it to be baseline?
What does "jellyfish" mean as a verb?
Hey, I think you've discovered cold fusion! Just leave a cup of heavy water out in the sun, and it should fuse after a few million years.
Also importantly, heirlooms have zero mastery. That's why I think 2H is better for levelling.
As an asian, this is exactly my thought everytime I see rice on a plate prepared by a westerner.
It's not a relationship advice, it's an observation. People has a subconscious tendency to latch on to partners who share traits with their parents, just because those traits are comforting to them. Of course there are exceptions, and it's probably less prevalent in people who have poor rapport with their parents, but it's a tendency nonetheless.
And just because I pray five times a day like the guy that killed a bunch of people doesn't mean that I want to kill a bunch of people too. I'm sick and tired of this guilt by association garbage.
That's how it works on paper, but since the Queen lives with the King, sleeps with the King, and stand next to the King, she often accumulate a substantial influence herself. When the King dies and the ruling house is in disarray through infighting, it's not unusual for a particularly ambitious Queen Dowager to seize power for herself.
I hope they shit out popcorns, then I wouldn't mind as much
This is a golden opportunity. The government should be pushing Malaysia to become the number 1 destination for terrorist tourism. #Terrorism
Dany was in the grass sea, then she was suddenly in the pyramid. Error?
So, does the price increase proportionally with pizza area?
PvP yo
I say the Night King counts as a bastard, since he was "born" out of wedlock. If you ask the Swedes, a woman stabbing a man in the chest with an obsidian dildo counts as rape.
For those of you who got paid to shill for umno, mind using some of that money to belanja everybody?
Yeah. It's impossible to achieve perfection, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't work to approach it.
Of course subtypes are different from their supertypes, otherwise why would they be different types in the first place!? But, by the Liskov principle you can give an object of the subtype when the supertype is expected. That's how null is allowed in strongly types languages Invoking Javascript contributes nothing to this conversation, since it weakly typed.
And while everybody is politicking on the surface, there's an apocalypse machine buried underground in the middle of the continent that can wipe the floor at the drop of a hat.
British people eat British food purely out of masochism. If there were no French people around to intimidate, they'd starve to death. Or invade another continent and steal their dish, either one works.
How would this interact with disc priest healing?
Lol, that problem is non-existent in the Java world. Not surprising at all, putting everything in the global namespace is just bad.
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/Currency.html
[Handstand Clap Pushup, holy shit it's actually possible](https://youtu.be/mH-w5Ve5gTA)
Each cell has an inherent internal resistance. Putting them in parallel reduces the total resistance of your circuit, so less energy is lost to internal resistance which means more energy for electrolysis.
The way their lives pre-AGoT was described, they're not raised as siblings at all, more like next-door neighbours. The boys and the girls of the castle do completely separate activities, and Sansa followed Catlyn's example in shunning Jon. The way Cat despised the bastard, I don't think they're even milk siblings.
I was specifically referring to Jon-Sansa. Yeah, Jon is practically sibling with Rob, Bran and Arya, but not Sansa. Rickon, a tapestry hanging on the wall has a more important role in the story than him.
When Asians say "rice", we meant a full meal consisting of a serving of rice plus all the other side dishes. "To eat rice" is synonymous with to have lunch or dinner.
As long as we have obsidian it's not a problem
Singa - Lion pore - city Singapore literally means Lion City in the malay language. "City of London-pore" is redundant.
If it leads to less serial kilos and thugs in the country...
You say that like low-skill workers are undesirable. An economy needs a healthy mix of workers of all skill level.
No, because it's very easy for the (engineering) exam to be overtuned such that it's impossible to be completed in the time allotted. Students that are more familiar with the concepts would go further because they'd spend less time on each question. This is also why open book exams are possible. You still need to study the material because if you spent exam time trying to read, you won't get very far.
5 billion people live happily without plural noun forms. I don't see how using they for singular is confusing when the reader should already know what the pronoun is referring to.
The degradation reaction doesn't happen immediately. The point is to apply the minimal amount of heat necessary to soften the vegetable. Nutrient loss is inevitable, but you can minimize it. Microwave is nice because it heats up very quickly, is very consistent, and once you turn it off the heat input immediately stops. There's no residual heat from the air or the container or the walls.
&gt; if the series had a sum, it would have to be -1 I feel that the problem with all this is the usage of an equality sign, which many people interpreted incorrectly and lead to a lot of confusion. It makes a bit more sense if we think of it as a transformation from an infinite series to a real number. Give it a fancy operator symbol (I chose R for Ramanujan), and it looks alright R { 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + ... } = -1/12
If we are two consenting adults who love each other, yeah sure. Are you gonna tell me I shouldn't do what I want to do because of your **believe**?
Some say he still hasn't stopped browsing reddit since the AMA
You are the president of Slovenia. Somebody told you there's a Swedish law that says it's legal to kill any Slovenian anytime anywhere. You can find the text easy enough, but you can't change it.
Where did he say that the change happened suddenly? He clearly said that it happened over several centuries.
You might want to re-czech your heritage
&gt;The calculator should have a special case to check for perfect squares That's ridiculous. The method usually used to estimate roots is very fast. You want to replace that with hundreds of branch conditions. All that for almost no benefit at all.
&gt; "just as skilled as aes sedai, but in different areas" That's what they say. Remember that there is so little contact between the two cultures, how flabbergasted Rand and co. were when they first saw the Wise Ones channeling at Rhuidean. Whatever the Aes Sedai and the Wise Ones have to say about each other's abilities are mostly based on legends, presumptions and hearsay, and should not be taken as fact.
So that's why they get reincarnation
It's about security. If a security vulnerability is found in the operating system, Google will not send out a patch to the older OS that has been discontinued. If the vulnerability allows the attacker to access the private information of your WhatsApp contacts, well isn't that a pickle?
[Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/605/)
If the original argument is weak, the counter-argument need not be a strong one to be valid. The original commenters thesis is "Obama is a bad president". In order to disprove this, at the minimum you only need to show that Obama is on par with an average president. There's no need to prove that Obama is a saint. Thus, merely showing that Obama has less executive decree than the average president is sufficient to disprove the thesis that "Obama is a tyrant". He may not be a champion of liberty and democracy, but that's not what we're trying to prove here.
&gt; which is of course correct No shit
It couldn't finish the job and just gave up. Definitely Malaysian
Modern Hebrew is almost a conlang, right?
Because there are hundreds of "pipes" coming in, out, and around the heart. Which heart pipe are you taking about? Of those pipes, the aorta and the coronary artery are the most critical. The fact that the problem is on the aorta makes the next part logical, that they flew her to a level 3 hospital.
That last sentence is very intriguing. What are the examples of that happening?
You can improvise it with two chairs. I think most people have at least two chairs in their house
Go open any progress post in /r/fitness, and look at the before pics. Those are what the average people look like, who make up a majority of the people reading and lurking this sub. The mediocre dude is better than the vast majority of the public, using only a mostly free program. The cost-benefit ratio is very favorable
&gt; and is about equivalent to the numbers of west Africans taken by Christian Europeans across the Atlantic at the same time
Why should my choice of a place to live and work affect the strength of my vote?
You can also bear armed bear arms
You say that, and then we have this thing where California and New York are great places to live with lots of government services, and Mississippi and West Virginia are shithole meth countries, even though California and New York contribute more to the federal fund. What do you do then as president? Ostensibly it'd be great to have the federal government be as small as possible, but time and time again we see those mid-west state shooting themselves in the foot, and then they blame the federal government for not bandaging their foot, and when the "coastal liberal hippy intellectual" tried to tell them, "hey, maybe you should stop shooting yourselves in the foot?" they say "Fuck off, we do thing OUR way!"
It's not a problem, provided that the researcher is not a complete idiot. In physics there's the Ideal Gas. There's no such thing as an Ideal Gas in reality, but it's used as a baseline. When physicists study the behaviour of real gases, they study specifically their **deviation** from the Ideal Gas, and it turns out those deviations are a lot easier to study than the absolute value. (The fact that the pressure of the real gas is 0.5 bar lower than the Ideal pressure is more meaningful than the fact that the absolute pressure is 4 bar) Similarly in economics, the Homo economicus and other ideal models provide a baseline, that you can then use to study the deviations in real systems.
Oil rigs. Most of the country's oil and gas fields are off the coast of the South China Sea. That's pretty much the reason why the fight over some rocks in the middle of the sea is so fierce.
&gt; globally recognized and understood language There's no such thing as a globally recognised lingua franca. The UN has 6 official languages. You are vastly overestimating the prevalence of English proficiency in the world With the UK on the way out, there's a very high chance that German will be the next EU lingua franca. Even today in many continental European countries, schoolchildren learn German first, then English. There are vast areas of the world where English is a third language, if people learn it at all. The Francophone, Hispanophone, and Lusophone areas each have their own. Russian is used in the former USSR, standard Arabic in the Arabic League, Mandarin in China, Swahili in Subsaharan Africa. India and SE Asia are the only places I can think of where English is definitely the lingua franca.
Average life expectancy is not the same as generation length.
I have a quantum entanglement connection between the server and my laptop. Faster-than-light updates or bust
So Malaysia is so advanced now, we are starting to behave like Europeans.
Why is it nsfl? There was just some smudges of blood here and there, all girls have seen worse coming out of their crotches.
so we have come to a point where we have to second guess every order that come from the president
Before the internet, I've seen 'safe space' and 'sanctuary' used to refer to women's shelters, places where women escaping from an abusive boyfriend/husband can stay temporarily. Of course protecting women from men was seen as a feminist thing to do, so it's not surprising that the conservative/misogynist crowd would think negatively of 'safe spaces'. That lead to the ironic and mocking use of 'safe space' in their rhetorics, because they think anyone that needs a safe space is weak and effeminate.
Well, "not bother" in terms of social manners... but if you're very obviously a tourist there are other kinds of disturbance that can be expected. Unfortunate really.
&gt;A stronger U.S. dollar You people who cry about reaching RM4.5/USD, what do you think will happen when the currency depreciates? Domestically the foreign exchange rate doesn't mean anything. Internationally, a weaker ringgit means more tourists, more exports, but less imports. Mind you, China was aggressively suppressing their currency a few years back in order to get favourable exports. Weak currency =/= weak economy.
8.8.4.4 &lt;-- Rich dude, but a bit of an arrogant know-it-all. The manager tolerates his attitudes because he brings a lot of referrals to our place.
Oh yeah? I think there are about 300 million people that would yell at me if I say that Guatemalans are Americans.
You are conflating two different things there. Being proud of your choice, and belittling others for their choice. Being proud of yourself is good, belittling others is bad.
Why should i reach out to them? They are big believers of individualism and self-agency. They have the right to say mean stuff to Mexicans, and i don't have any right to force them to be otherwise, but i do have the right to voice my opinion about their choice.
Right dude thinks that Left dude is metaphorically "dirty", so in the bottom panel he is seen washing his hand after the interaction in the top panel.
No, Trump got elected because we liberals kept saying mean things to the conservatives. He does not deserve any credit for that "victory"
So if we take that thread to be a consensus, somebody please tell the UK that Scotland, Wales, N. Ireland and England are states, not "countries"
Not many people know this, but the four women thing was actually a pro-feminist move, at the time. Before that ruling, Arab men could keep as many women as they wanted, certainly more than four. Then Mohammed said, "Now you can only have four women at most, and they must be treated as wives, not sex furniture."
... how does that say I'm wrong? You're actually providing evidence in support of me. Despite that glut of supply of kidneys (as you say), healthy people are not lining up to do kidney transplant. That's inelastic demand, so in this system that paradox doesn't apply.
&gt;you have to be in power before you can be considered authoritarian. The opposition has never been the government So Pulau Pinang, Kedah, Selangor and Kelantan had been governed by Hantu Rayas these past years? &gt;Dynasties are not particularity good, but even then a country can be absolutely free under their governance if that's the path they wish to take. True, dynasties can be good, and democratic electees can be bad. But now you're just talking philosophically, and I'm not really interested in what **could** happen. I look at real data, and it turns out dynasties historically have a very high probabilities of becoming authoritarian. [It's not an absolute rule, but it's holds up pretty well empirically](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rStL7niR7gs) &gt;And the current DAP has absolutely nothing to do with the current PAP government "On 11 October 1965, the DAP was formed by former members of the deregistered People's Action Party", quoting from Wikipedia because it's convenient, though this is public knowledge so I could have cited better sources.
Health, Safety, Environment. It's those people that annoy you with fire drills.
[It doesn't look dead to me](http://redditmetrics.com/r/natureismetal). It's a more specialized and narrower theme, so expect its growth and submission rate to be lower than a general interest sub like NIFLit, but it's not dead by any means.
Does everybody have the "demon", or only some people have it? After I've tamed the demon, it kinda became a part of me, and I don't feel like getting rid of it. Stockholm syndrome, or just garage raccoon syndrome?
Most of the immigrants are in London. London voted In.
Wow is not grindr at all compared to other MMOs.
"I see dangling pointers"
&gt; If you can't stand your beliefs being challenged you are going to have a hard time in life. I **like** to be challenged in my believe, but when the other side comes to the table with such a bad thesis, absolutely unsupported by facts, full of non sequiter, it is insulting. I'm angered by this article, not because it called my believe into question, but because it does such a poor job of it.
The disparity between Italy and Germany also exist between Missouri and New York. Does the same problem exist with the USD, or does the presence of a national border in the Euro case makes it a problem?
wow, i finally found one advantage of being gay: don't have to go kursus kahwin
Nope, 4km is the limit, under the assumptions that i outlined. Think of it this way. If you double the base area, you also double the weight, so the pressure (aka stress) at the base remains constant. You can make the building as wide or as thin as you want, the pressure at the bottom will remain constant. It only depends on height and density. What might be counter intuitive is if you make the base area pencil thin, and in this case your intuition is correct. A pencil thin column will fail by bending and buckling, way lower than 4km. I can't take into account that mode of failure, it's beyond my knowledge.
Well, it's called "reality **show**", not "reality documentary"
I think you got that backward. Programming had only in the last decade or two been mainstream and "cool". Very early on, it was a hobby for shut-ins and basement dwellers. The massive influx of young hippy programmers in the 2000s pushed those cranks to some dark corners of the webs.
Usually VPs are picked the same way European monarchs used to pick their queen. For political support. A big party like the Democrat would have a huge voter base with a wide variety of interests. If the president is favoured by half of the voter base, the VP should be someone that is favoured by the other half. That does mean that the VP and the President would be fairly different in opinions.
He wrote Kuantan, not Kelantan
You found Iranians fighting against ISIS, because Greater Kurdistan is spread over Iraq, Iran and Turkey. Those are Irani Kurds fighting on the side of the Iraqi Kurds, for ethnic goals. That has nothing to do with the central Iran government. This is like basic geopolitics.
I meant more like for a mistaken reason. During the conquest of the muslim empires through North Africa, Iberia, Persia and the Balkans, it's always the case that the Arab (later Turkish) rulers let the original inhabitants practice their religion. The islamisation happen gradually over the span of a century, through marriage, through clerical proletisation, but almost never though threat of violence. (not that that has never happened, but it's really rare). So to say that Islam spread through violent conquest is categorically false.
bullshit about what?
Better an instant death than 4/8 years of trump
It's race realism!
"The plant emits so much waste heat to the river. Why can't you just pipe that hot water to our homes. Solves two problem at once"
&gt; shift outliers into the public space where it should be. In Capitalist America, You cover the insurance companies! No, seriously, this is completely ass-backward. The entire point of insurance is to cover the outliers. What the hell do you mean by "where it should be"? If you are comfortable with letting the government cover the extremes (and there's nothing wrong with that), then just dismantle the whole insurance industry, because they are not needed anymore.
This multi-phased approach is what most of the world is using, except that America got it completely backward. Most countries, universal healthcare is not completely universal healthcare. Government hospitals would handle the boring and routine procedure. Flu, fever, appendicitis, ulcers, those kinds of stuff. Running in parallel, specialist private hospitals and private insurance would cover the extraordinary cases that the government hospitals can't handle. That's how insurance is supposed to work. Imagine if your car insurance covers the routine oil change, but when you got into an accident, insurance is like "nope, not gonna cover that" and you have to apply for compensation from the government. That's how weird the American health insurance is.
If the climate change end up shutting down the Gulf Stream, Britain would get east Canada climate. No pineapple in Canada either, far as I can see.
Once you've done with the series (Good Luck!), read through it again. Most things that you thought were sudden actually had a lot of foreshadowing. Fedwin did show a change in demeanor before that final snap into madness.
Lemak means you add coconut milk (santan) to it.
Bandiaterra is a cool place. They have tropical lavender and they speak Danish.
Ah, no politics, no anti semitism, no xenophobia, no Trump, just the good old r/conspiracy that i knew and love ❤💓💖💙💚💛💜
I don't know if you're joking, but if you or anyone else reading this really thinks this, you need to read the introduction and the early chapters of the Go4 again. They didn't invent design patterns, they just catalogued patterns that they had found in commercial codebases. People were already using those design patterns long before the book was written. &gt;so common sense and mundane that you would have done it anyway Yes, some patterns are obvious, that's why they were so widely used, and why they made it into the book. Doesn't mean it's not worth it to document them and give them a name. Analogy: We found that it is convenient to print a long manuscript in small and regular rectangular pages and bind those pages together on one side, and this method is superior to the previous Scroll form. We call this invention a "book". The book form is a design pattern. It is very obvious to us now that the book is superior to a scroll. Would you say that we should go back to the scroll because the book form is "common sense and mundane"? &gt; never actually use Again, this is clearly explained in the early chapters of the Go4. Each pattern solves a very specific problem. Some of those problems were specific to a language, or a domain, or a computer architecture. It is very possible to not ever encounter the problem associated with a particular pattern, so you never have to use that pattern, and there's nothing wrong with that. Example: Class and Objects and inheritance are actually design patterns in C, because you have to set up those virtual pointers and constructors manually, but in Java these features are baked into the language, so you don't have to write them out. People were actually doing OO in C, and it was painful, but people saw the benefit of OO, so C++ was developed to help with that, followed by Java. To put it in a real world analogy, just because the woodworking projects that you usually do never have need for a lathe doesn't mean lathes are useless. You should still know about lathes, and what it's used for.
&gt; her lover's weapon &gt; tombak &gt; stabbing stop, I can only get so erect
So I read that post yesterday, and when I finished that long paragraph in the first comment, I was like "cool, that's a pretty good write up, very informative". Then I scroll down and saw the Table of Content, I was like HOLY SHIT!
So, [does this count?](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/12/10/business/media/pizzagate.html?_r=0)
&gt; Let's learn about stuff rather than being ignorant and thinking there's only 8 planets and we don't need to learn about any more. This is such a ridiculous strawman, where do you even get this? When scientist reclassified Pluto as a dwarf planet, they never meant to say that Pluto is somehow insignificant, or not important, or not interesting. It's just a reclassification. They recognised that there are a bunch of objects beyond Neptune that are similar to each other, but are not very similar to the first 8 planets, so they gave those objects their own category. "Dwarf" here is not derogatory at all, it is just a description of size. Dwarf planets are still planets, they are just placed in their own category.
Nobody claimed that Russia caused the Syrian civil war. Of course it was preceded by a complex chain of events involving many different actors. But you can't deny that Russia played a big role in the crisis. Russia vetoed the UN security council, preventing the UN from taking action. Russia provided arms and assistance to Assad. With the government force pinned in Damshiq, do you really think Assad could still have a government to this day without outside help? I think that the rebels would have successfully set up a government by now, and there would have been far less refugees flowing to Europe.
Please leave Paul Ryan alone, he's my DILF.
I may or may not have typed "paul ryan shirtless" into Google.
Because water (H2O, 18g/mol) is lighter than oxygen (O2, 32g/mol) and nitrogen (N2, 28g/mol)
&gt;How fucking stupid are the people giving credit card info to robots? The same kind of people that voted for the abolishment of their healthcare without a proposed replacement
Then why are new york and California better to live in than Alabama, even though they have far more people and far more diverse population and they have net positive contribution to the federal government fund
He has repeatedly stated that anything he said during the campaign are solely for the campaign, and are not necessarily related to his future administration.
So you're saying that they want... DIVERSITY!?
Pizzagate set the bar so low, it ended up in a non-existent basement
When Einstein said that, he was criticising quantum mechanics. He developed his theory of general relativity through the 1910's and 1920's. Around the 30's and 40's, the theory of quantum physics and statistical mechanics was starting to take hold, and the entire physicist community had a fight over it. In the Einstein camp was the people who believed that the universe is deterministic, that if you start at a certain initial condition, you will always end up at the same end condition. This is the essence of that Einstein's quote. If you do something over and over again, you'd expect the result to be the same every time. If you fire many electrons at a certain direction at a certain speed, you'd expect it to land at the same spot everytime. To say that the electron will go a different way each time, which is what statistical mechanics propose, was considered insane.
Does that mean we can shut down those truthers now?
So it's very viable to ship the entirety of the nation of Iceland to Mars. If anybody is qualified to explore a new planet, it'd be the Vikings.
It can only go up to 10.3 meters high, or 33 feet, because of the limit of the air pressure pushing the water up.
Yup, as soon as anybody present irrefutable facts they flee like cockroaches.
You'd need to get to Castle Age first.
He only won because Liberals called his supporters bad words. He didn't actively win anything, a sack of rocks could have gotten elected.
http://www.igmchicago.org/surveys/100-day-plan
&gt; Same thing with Obamacare. The wrong solution for the wrong problem at the wrong time The ACA was the best solution given the political climate of Obama's administration. It wasn't the best ever, but beggars can't be choosers, &gt;but we only have two shabby carts in the marketplace of ideas, what the Republicans or Dems tell us is reality Actually there was only one cart, and it was shiny and functional and it should have worked to do what it needed to do. Then the republican congress took out three of the wheels, banged it all up, attached razor blades to the cart handle, and that's what was passed.
There's nothing weird about it, that's exactly how the check-and-balance is supposed to work, If you think that all laws need to go through the court before they can be passed, that would put too much power into the judiciary.
Those 3% and 10% numbers, are they empirical or theoretical? Could you give the source that derived and explained those percentages?
Why do you use the word "evil"? Nobody else used that word in this context.
You are conflating the Embassy with the Ambassador. The embassies will still run like usual, you won't get stuck in the country because you lost your passport. It's the office of the Ambassador that's vacant.
Hahaha they playing the code word madlibs again!
Monkeys are cute and smart and resourceful and communal and sometimes they fling shit at each other Yep, that's us.
Why not just an apple a day? An apple a day keeps the shit dick away.
That's bull. A conversation is no different than sex, it takes two to tango. If one person acts like a dead fish, it will just fizzle out because the other person loses interest. Of course I'll start of with a general question, to gauge your interest, to gauge what kind of person you are. Directly asking what color underwear you're wearing is dumb, it doesn't give you much room to steer. Asking how's your day going gives a wide berth for you to elaborate on your life, your interests, your routine, your social circles.
In your fantasyland, sure, the news should just report facts. But that's not how the real world works. Let's take an example, a missile hit a hospital in Damascus, killing and injuring many. The Bashar government claimed that it is an Israeli missile. The Israeli claimed that it is a Saudi missile. The Saudi claimed that it is a false flag attack by the Bashar government itself in order to gain international support. The only confirmed fact here is that a missile hit a hospital. Then there are three unconfirmed allegations that contradict each other. Should the journalists report only the fact, and ignore the allegations? Hell no, the journalists should record the allegations. If you are a good reader, you'd notice that reputable journalists are very consistent in their separation of fact from allegations. They'd used phrases like "the missile was **allegedly** fired from northern Saudi Arabia, **according to** the IDF spokesperson". It is very important that journalist report allegations and unconfirmed facts, so that further research can be done. When we do get the facts straight (maybe it was a false flag attack by the Bashar government) then those allegation, which we now know to be false, can be used against the people who made them. So the IDF falsely accused the Saudi of committing a war crime. We have that recorded, the IDF should face consequences. If journalists only report true facts, we can't hold people accountable for lying.
The mainstream media had done some twisting, they had selectively reported some stuff to sway the narrative, but never had they ever outright lied. We draw a very big red line between using manipulative language on one side, and publishing factual statements that are factually false on the other side.
Correction, the turnout for the inauguration was average, not record low by any means. The problem is that Obama's turnout was record breakingly high, [and a certain group of people don't like that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesse_Owens)
This is a really great explanation, thank you! I've never thought of dimensions as being degrees of freedom before. Oh man, is that what "dimensional analysis" means?
Have you eaten crabs yourself? Lobsters? Shrimps? What's the difference between a shrimp and a grasshopper?
Tell me what's the difference between muscle tissue and organ tissue. Their protein composition? Their cellular structure? Also, grasshoppers eat grass. Their shit don't really contain anything notable. Like, even cow manure is something that farmers are very comfortable handling with bare hand, even if they don't eat the manure per se. In an industrialised setting, we could grow sterile grasshoppers the way we currently grow sterile medical leeches. You feed them sterile grass, they have sterile guts.
&gt; If you measure 'sophistication' by how much you need to know before you understand all the variants of a language How do you propose we do this measurement?
This is a hilarious misunderstanding of the field of economics and what economists do. It's like if a car crash happened because somebody ran a red light, and you blamed the engineers that designed the car and the traffic light system. Economists told everybody that lowering tariffs will increase trade and lower price. They also told everybody that some people will lose their current jobs, but different jobs will appear as well. The fact that there were no safety nets in place to help those who lost their jobs is not at all the fault of the economists, it's the fault of the politicians. The politicians were the ones that translated the economists recommendation into a bill of law, and implemented it in the government. It's their job to think about what the effect of the policy on the people, and put measures in place to ensure the welfare of the people. Oh right, the politicians told the dumb masses that all of their woes were caused by the evil elitist ivory-tower economists, instead of their own incompetence. And the people believed that lie.
Are you aware that humans typically have 175 degrees field of vision?
What's your point? If you ask a biologist whether it is beneficial to drink alcoholic beverages, they would tell you that alcoholic beverages harm you all things considered. That's their professional opinion, based on their scientific knowledge. Does that mean all alcoholic beverages should be banned? No, because human societies are very complicated. Would that same biologist vote for a ban of alcoholic beverages? Probably not, because they love booze. Economists mostly agreed that the TPP would be a net gain to the economy. That's their professional opinions as economists. If you ask them whether they would personally vote for the enactment of the TPP (is such a vote were to be held), you'd see a wide range of view. You'd find many economists that agree that the TPP is a net gain to the economy, but would vote against it because of other factors.
Apparently there's a language in Tajikistan that uses the same sentence structure as German. It's also an Indo-European language, in the Indo-Iranian branch,
The official term for that is [Chindian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chindian)
More specifically, it uses a generational garbage collection. Javascript itself is part of the older heap, so it's not trashed. Meanwhile, there are a large number of frameworks and libraries in the young heap, like Angular, Amber, React, Dojo, Underscript, and these get trashed and churned constantly.
It's alternative formal
You're missing a key information here. YouTube (and Amazon too) has a setting that converts the account into a child account, so you'd only see child content when browsing in this mode. The problem is that some not-child-friendly videos are getting past this filter. The guy above is saying that YouTube should improve this child filter. Normal adult users are not affected at all
Nobody expects the reddit inquisition
So you don't understand the difference between parameter and assumption. Got it.
Somebody should write a Voldemort-horcrux story, but using keris instead. A super evil warrior-bomoh bonded his soul to seven kerises, and he gave six of them to his six best students. The hero (whose parents were killed by the master keris) has to defeat the six students one by one, before confronting the boss.
They do evaporate immediately. That's why physicists laugh at the idea that the LHC can somehow create a black hole that swallow the earth. It's mathematically and physically impossible.
There are many websites that derives the formula for calculating the lifetime of a black hole. If you just want the number, [here's a nice calculator by WolframAlpha.](http://www.wolframalpha.com/widgets/view.jsp?id=981938ef5f8c415b1457ca60bb853813) You can input in the mass in any unit, solar mass, earth mass, tonnes, kilograms.
Haha, effective at what, extending the power of the federal government to oppress the states? I thought republicans are all for the freedom of the states to decide for themselves. If the cities are okay with having the illegal immigrants going around, why should the federal government care?
Some people are masochist. They only bring a knife, a water bottle, and a porn mag.
Some languages have adverbs that means "for a long time", for example Mandarin 😉😉
If someone has an american name and an american accent, they're obviously born and bred in America. Don't ask them directly where they're from. You can start it off by asking a casual question about their parents "So, tell me about your parents, do they live in this city?". If the other person responds nicely, i.e. they have a good relationship with their parents, you can proceed further, probing "what do they do" and "what are their attitude towards gays" until you can ask something like "Where are your parents from?". Do it this way, the other person would get the impression that you genuinely want to get to know them more. It's not like you just want to know their ethnicity because you're specifically prejudiced against Vietnamese or something.
to be precise, the german 'z' actually sounds like 'ts', not like the english 'z' at all. So their nazi sounds more like natsi.
[According to this](http://moverdb.com/container-shipping/), shipping is ridiculously cheap. The transpacific US-Australia is only $4000 per container. Put 1000 iPhones into one, that's already like $700,000 worth of good, and $4000/$700,000 = 0.5%.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism_in_the_United_States The majority of attacks were done by white right-wing extremists. Of the attacks that were for islamist purpose, most were done by American citizen. Below are all the foreign citizen perpetrator of terrorism in the US, chronologically: - Puerto Rican nationalist group - Croatians - Chilean Intelligence Agency - Armenian militants - Indian mystics Rajneesh - El Sayyid Nosair, Egyptian born - Mir Qazi, Pakistani - Ramzi Yousef, Kuwait born, Pakistani parents - Rashid Baz, Lebanese - Ali Hassan, Palestinian - 9/11 hijacking, mostly Saudi and UAE, also Egypt and Lebanon - Hesyam Mohamed Hedayet, Egyptian - Youssef Abdulazez, Kuwaiti born, naturalized American citizen - Ahmad Khan Rahimi, Afghanistan born - Abdul Razak Ali Artan, Somali I left out the JDL related attacks, because those suspects were never confirmed
&gt; they're not bloodthirsty for killing fellow Americans That's true, for now. But we have a pretty good idea of what happen to people in distress. Remember, one of the reason why the Holocaust was especially talked about even though it's not the biggest loss of human life ever, it's because around the late 1800s and early 1900s Germany was a superpower in the arts and sciences. German operas, German symphonies, German books, German physicists and mathematicians. All of that, went out the window when the economy crashed. Doesn't matter what your education is, or how well you can play the violin, when you have mouths to feed and bread is scarce, the refined civilised gentleman takes a back seat and your basic survival instinct takes over.
I would totally let him grab my hypothetical pussy
Heh, I don't think it's difficult. Trudeau is on record saying that he welcomes the people that are being prevented from entering the US. Let's say *somebody* planted a bomb in a busy street in Toronto, and then a video is released featuring some dudes with their faces covered in a dark tent, claiming that they are ISIS, then more propaganda/"facts" from the dear leader that Canada is now overrun by immigrants just like Germany. There you go, all the justification needed to close the northern border.
At this point nobody knows the likelihood of anything regarding the US presidency.
"part of nature" is ridiculously vague, but I'd argue that downs syndrome is just as natural as homosexuality.
if (isCriticized(Country::America)) { return PostCategory::Circlejerk; } else { jerkOffSelf(); return PostCategory::Truth; }
... okay? You didn't answer the question though.
Should have cooked meth instead
What is the cost of losing your freedom?
&gt;If you look at the ten worse countries in the world when it comes to education of women, women in the work force, etc., you'll see *just one certain religion* that seems to be associated. Can you provide this list for me? Aslan once mentioned that the country with the highest rate of female genital mutilation is Eritrea, which is Christian.
Sharia **law**... is a body of law, a **judiciary** framework. It says nothing at all about how the government is supposed to work. Muhammad himself was *elected* to be the governor of Medina after the Hijra. The four Caliph after him were elected as well. This was a form of limited democracy in the 600s, a full millenia before the Magna Carta.
Insane is the new normal. Nothing is hysterical anymore.
So the real reason their male-female equality movement had been lagging is because they are busy with falcon-human equality.
Holy shit, I think I can spot a dozen contradictions in that little paragraph alone. He called them terrorists, and then he threatened to bomb and shoot them. He accused them of oppressing hard working Americans, then wanted to hang Hillary whose Democrat party tried really hard to provide social services to the low and middle class. He accused them of stealing, then supported Trump who admitted to dodging taxes.
&gt; Viva la France MFW
The tweet and the typo itself is not the problem! It's the whole organisation that made that tweet possible is the problem, that's what people are outraged by. The fact that the president releases a statement so casually on random topics. The fact that the president releases a statement on his own with no consultation from his advisors. The fact that he still hasn't realized that as a president every fucking word that comes out of his mouth in public has huge consequences. The fact that he even uses twitter as the primary means of communicating with the public. The kovfefe typo is the bloody stool. We are concerned, yes, but not directly at the bloody stool, but what kind of intestinal problem that would have produced that blood in the shit.
The best time to drive out the infidels was a thousand years ago. The second best time is TOMORROW UTC13:00 SHARP!
When the president done antagonised almost everyone on the planet, it's really difficult to not be anti-him just going about my every day life. I sneezed​ anti-trump. I ate dinner anti-trump. I played factorio anti-trump.
It's slightly more polite than the US just parking its aircraft carriers and their escort armada outside a nation's port as an intimidation tool. China tries to play by the book, using the established maritime laws to claim the islands. The US simply does it by brute force, having 19 aircraft carrier when other countries have 1 or 2 carriers.
20% non-hetero is actually fairly low, especially considering our selection-bias. I've seen surveys for UK that shows as much as 45% non-hetero.
You don't understand how international aid happens, apparently. The agreement says to give *capital*, not cash. The rich countries won't be just depositing cash into Kenya's bank account. They'd give discounted price for solar panels, and hire and train local workers for installation. They'd do joint ventures in infrastructure projects. They'd send expert groups to help the government ministries formulate their environmental regulations. These are the kind of aid they're taking about.
Midnight in the US is about morning in India
To prevent countries from pushing the responsibility of reducing their co2 emission to specific groups. They don't want India to say "Muslims must reduce emissions, Hindus are exempt because Shiva doesn't care". That requires establishing the principle of equality, social equality. Gender equality is part of that. They don't want the Saudis to say "women must reduce emissions, men are exempt because we are the bread winners"
That hurts my brain. If you only read English language sources of course you'll only read about diversity in English speaking countries. On reality the same discussion is being had in all countries. Also thinking that diversity of only about skin colour is very American. India has more ethic groups than all of Europe.
So the top post is a complaint about the sub. Yeah, definitely the very model of a british politics forum.
You large intestine is 5 meters long. Don't worry, you won't ever decimate that flora with a little tube.
They don't want the answer, they want you to show how you would arrive at the answer. It requires logical reasoning, not savantery.
Their emission per capita is less than NA and EU. This is like asking all households to reduce their consumption of toilet papers to just one roll per week. The hispanic house with three generations and four cousins are absolutely fucked while the WASP house with the dad, mom and one kid is fine with it.
What is the point you are trying to make here? Bloody engage in the conversation, address my point, relate it back to your argument. That's the way to have a respectable conversation. I dont know why I even bother doing this. You people strut out the same argument again and again "China is the biggest pollutant" without understanding what the numbers mean, then dodge questions when people try to dig at your arguments
Dude, the Chinese also puts a lot of importance on producing a biological child to continue the family name. On this very sub I've seen our Chinese friends​ talk about how they were pestered by their aunts and grandmas during family gatherings, and how that deters them from coming out as gay/childfree Also, Chinese families can excommunicate members equally as effectively as Malay families.
Some of them couldn't find a girlfriend, so they have to just fantasize about it.
Please, this is bull. Lookup the data on urbanization. The US is only less urban than the UK, France and the Netherlands, as well as some microstates like Liechtenstein. The US is more urban than Germany. 80% of Americans live urban. In case you don't know this, Los Angeles alone has more people than the 5 least populated states. If we consider the LA metropolitan area, it has more people than the 20 least populated states. Please stop thinking that America is a rural country.
Why are you even doing this underground belt thing?
&gt;Also, when I said, "Malay" I am referring to any Malaysian citizen. Just so you know, this is very very wrong. The proper term for that is Malaysian (duh)
Okay, show me then. Google Street view. Show me a spot inside a US metropolitan area that is more rural than a European countryside. Mind you, about 40% of the surface area of Greater London is literally forest, in their Green Belt.
No shit
We tried a binding agreement. Kyoto didn't work. The Paris one is bottom-up instead of top-down, let's see how this one work shall we? There's no need to be the Grinch.
What does political leaning has anything to do with reducing emission?
Just because a metric is flawed doesn't mean it's useless. Just like you.
To me using "per person" is misleading, because you don't use the actual number of "person" within the country. This doesn't matter in a huge country like the US, but smaller countries have their population fluctuate quite a bit, with the tourist season, with the pilgrimage season, oil price, or any other factors that affect the flow of people. There's also the fact that some people are undocumented immigrants. Using the jargon "capita" trains you to think about the abstract population of the country, not the actual count of person in it.
If you mean the open feast done under the canopy, i don't think that's even questionable. It's an open house.
They are sarongs, commonly worn in south east Asia
What are the counterfactuals?
How do you pronounce it? In my native language, "kek" is just the word for cake, so i instinctively say cake. Is it more like keck for English speakers?
Don't blame blizzard, blame those idiots that complained about weekly caps. Turns out weekly caps are there for a reason.
The title was copypasted from their instagram post.
The Schengen Area has open borders. Do you see people "flooding" from the less welfare countries to the more welfare countries?
YOU don't hear about it because you don't bloody speak Mandarin, Khosa, Swahili, Spanish, or Portuguese. If you actually bother to learn about the countries you'd know that they all have conversations about diversity, integration, and discrimination. Diversity is more than just about skin colours. Your broad stroking of all Africans as just "blacks" completely missed the fact that Africa has hundreds of different ethnic groups​. Most African countries have at least half a dozen ethnic group, though some larger one like Nigeria has close to a hundred.
Write in English, chuck it through Google Translate, then go through it manually to fix weird phrasing and wrong word usage. That's literally what we were told to do for our thesis's Malay abstract.
From reading many comments over the years, i get the impression that some (many) Americans think health insurance is like a retirement account, wherein you deposit into it every month to use the fund in the future. They think health insurance is just a special savings account and payment service, completely missing the risk mitigation aspect of it. In that view, it kinda makes sense why they say they don't want to pay for other people's bill
Modern buildings are more complicated in their internals, so that adds to building time even with better construction technologies. There are more wiring to be done because we use so much more electrical devices today. The wifi routers may be installed during the construction as well. The electronic control of the building, like teleconference system, electronic door locking system, surveillance system, PA system, employee tracking system. Modern regulations for sustainability and footprint reduction also adds complexity. The building may have automated windows and blinds, automated lights and air conditioning. Grey water capture also. Anyway, the computer revolution had changed our built environment so much, even if you don't see it from the exterior. Just like cars, modern buildings are chock full of automation systems that just didn't exist 50 years ago.
In countries with free market, the economy could run on its own for a while without the government. I remember Belgium went for almost two years without an executive because of some party gridlocks, but their economy kept chugging along. Right now the White House is severely crippled, but the US economy kept chugging along. In a free market economy, problems with the government and politics manifest as shocks to the system, but the market always corrects itself and then recover. Sorry bud, but you can't just waive off the economic collapse of Venezuela as due to politics. Command economy is fragile. That's a real weakness.
A word of warning: the price of entry is your foreskin. Or 0.05 BTC, you can choose either one.
The UK went to war with Argentina rather recently to keep the Falklands. "Stepping on the sovereignty" is far from the worst thing the western colonialists had done
Singapore-Johor is another example
Okay, so the picture is just decoration. What do you have to support the text of the post? Do you have some description of the protocol between the president and the FBI director? Or maybe records of all past one-on-one meeting between that two officers? Anything?
Let me chop off your pinky finger. What, i didn't chop off any of your finger, see, 90% of your fingers are still there!
Probably Idaho
Left: Comey's handling of the Hillary email server investigation was bad, moreso because he released a statement very near the election Also Left: Drumpf's firing of Comey was bad, because of the connection to the investigation on the Russian connection with his campaign and administration Can you look at that carefully and see the detail? Those two positions are not contradictory. The first position was about the action made by Comey (him sending that letter). The second position is not really about Comey at all, it's about the action made by the President. The fact that the Left is not happy with Comey at the moment because of the first position doesn't affect the second position.
Tamagotchi, and the Digimon device thing
I am sexually aroused by that picture
The registration itself is an action. By registering to that party, they're signaling that they share the views and values of the party.
The ministry of magic was more believable than the current US government. Come on Black Ajah, out with it, I know you witches have the senate and the White House under Compulsion
Mickey would never allow a selfie. He'd slap the phone away then smash a bottle of vodka over the ginger head while he's picking up the phone off the ground.
How often do you invoke the xkcd?
I heard that 35% of Durotar's budget goes into the zeppelin subsidy. Garry tried to push Sylvanas to chip in more, but she's not listening, so the Org-Brill line may have to be cut.
You think you are intellectually superior because you memorised a line from a cartoon?
Malaysia Honestly, I'm rather under-informed on the country's healthcare system, because nobody really talks about it, because it's such a non-issue. The current government (centre-right I think, not sure, a fair bit populist) is very generous with healthcare. There's no talk at all about reducing health care spending, neither from the opposition nor the ruling coalition. That would be political suicide. The ministry of health operates an extensive network of government hospitals and clinic throughout the country. As a citizen, i can just walk in, show my national ID card, and receive care. I don't know how it is for PR or others. I pay a nominal fee for the service and medication, usually less than $5 for something like a flu. The quality of treatment at government facilities, i would say so-so. Nothing to marvel at. Certain treatments are not available there, they would refer you to private specialist practices. Private practices tend to be more specialised than the general government hospital and clinics. Private dental clinics are plenty. Recently there are more private birthing clinics. Strangely enough there are recently more "Islamic"-oriented medical centers for reasons i don't quite understand. I don't know the exact relationship between these private practices and the ministry of health, whether there are any subsidies going to them. Their prices are quite reasonable to the middle class, if not to the lower class. I've seen cancer treatment going for around $5000. It should be noted that a significant portion of the government budget comes from petroleum.
The air is so damn wet, water can't really evaporate. Shitty construction courtesy of bangla labourer, the bathroom floor is not angled properly to drain water. Just a general cultural tendency to use water in excessive amount to clean surfaces, because water is way cheaper than detergent and bleach. Did I mention that we have lots of water?
They retrofit with better engines and electronics, but otherwise the aircraft still flies at the same speed and altitude as when it first enter service. If you need to go at a different speed and altitude the optimal airframe will be different.
His age is not relevant to the plot, so it can be changed for the show.
Just chuck it in the boiler
What are you trying to say exactly? I am criticizing the quality of their work. Yes, they do lack the education with regards to proper construction technique. They come here, they learn on the job from fellow workers by observation and by trial-and-error with little intervention from proper engineers. I did acknowledge that they perform a large portion of the construction in this country. &gt; 95% of the country is build with foreign labor and you think they skills are shitty? So if I write a 1000 page novel of rambling nonsense, does that make me a skilled writer? Quantity is not quality. I respect them for performing the work that they do, that doesn't mean I can't voice my opinion on the quality of their output.
So they are like Starcraft Zergs?
One documentary &gt; decades of peer reviewed research
Oh, there's a misunderstanding. The question was why our bathrooms are wet, and my answer was the poor construction technique. The cheap foreign workers are a cause, but i never intended to blame/shame them. I agree, the blame/shame lies on the company and the client for not putting in enough money to ensure quality.
What does that mean exactly? Server cost is proportional to usage, so only engagement matter
It's really weird to hear Americans on Reddit say it, you'd think America is 90% corn farmers with a smattering of big cities. The US is actually more urban than Germany.
This is new to me, so i tried to find more info, but there aren't much. The one article that does talk about medical poa specifically mentions that Malaysia doesn't have the law, so only the next of kin can make the decision. Has it changed since 2015?
The right to assembly. That's a universal human right
There have been 8 years of dem before. What's different this time?
What's the badling here?
I'm socially liberal so I don't mind you having abortion, but I'm also fiscally conservative so I'll take away funding from Planned Parenthood.
Without patents, people will still invent things. The difference is that the inventors will keep their innovation secret. If their venture goes down, their accumulated knowledge goes poof as well. The point of the patent system is to encourage inventors to share their innovations to the public, so that people can benefit from them regardless of what happen to the inventor.
If you're trying to prove a point, I'm not the guy to ask. I literally did my final design project based on a patent. Chemical engineering bachelor's degree. What do you say to that?
The problem comes when being fiscally conservative means defunding planned Parenthood
Sorry if I'm being real naive, but is porno cinema a real thing that exist?
I don't think the relationship between scarcity and value has anything to do with capitalism. If you live in a society completely devoid of capitalism, it's not like people will use pure gold as toilet paper and dried mud as wedding ring.
And the reason for that is during the time that someone is in the closet and suppressing their sexuality, they don't develop their relationship skill, it's stunted. So we get men in their mid 20's with less relationship experience than a middle schooler.
The printed content of tabloids can be ignored, but not the people who read those tabloids. I posit that aside from the crazy loony alien abduction fringe tabloids, the bigger tabloids actually offer good insight of what the lower class actually thinks. The entire concept of tabloid is about catering to the reader's opinions and biases.
I found myself agreeing with the villains. Every season. Villain: I want to build an egalitarian society where everybody has equal standing regardless of their birth Korra: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
What I need is a mod that saves and shut down the game after a set time, say 3 hours. I've lost so much sleep playing this game.
&gt; A modern example of diglossia is thus difficult to find Diglossia is not difficult to find at all. Arabic is major example.
Haha, I can see it already. When the 45 gets impeached, y'all'll say "we only supported him as a joke" and went on as if the last year didn't happen. Pathetic.
&gt; Because shackles are not used does not mean slavery isn't real today in sweatshops If you are using a different definition of slavery than what most people are familiar with, can you like precisely define what "slavery" is to you? It's really annoying to read these kind of cenversation where the two sides are talking about two completely different concepts.
Fertilizers and irrigation also have carbon footprint associated with them.
F R E E S P E A C H
There's a point. Charcoal burns much more cleanly, with less smoke, fume and soot. Really nice if you want an indoor kitchen.
indoor doesn't mean airtight.
Daulat Islamiyye Iraq w Suriyya. How does the 's' in Syria turn to 'sh' in Daesh though?
Call it the Israeli Gambit. Declare a certain area as yours through the use of markers and infrastructure placement, then when the natives doth protest too much, use that as pretext to exterminate.
&gt; backed way the hell off How? It's a highway, you can't do a u-turn, you can't stop or drive too slow, you can't take an alternative route, the only you can go is forward.
It was useful for research in the early 20th century, but nowadays it's just a toy.
I literally can't parse what that tweet is saying. RT is Runtime? Russia Today? Renal Tubules?
Yeah, half a year ago I would be convinced that this is a CollegeHumor clip, but then I've seen some fucked up things recently.
I can just walk in a circle once, and that would allow me to answer yes to any question of the form "Are you heading in the direction of X?"
Hey man, you go abroad, you're like a mini-ambassador for the country. Follow their rule, don't make them think Malaysians are uncivilised hooligans.
You should be aware that "Sharia" is the general Islamic jurisprudence that covers things like finance, family law, property law and ethics. What people in the West thinks when they hear Sharia is more properly called Hudud, the Islamic criminal law. So if you pose the question "do you prefer Sharia" to a Muslim, they'll probably say yes, but they're not thinking of the same thing you're thinking of.
If you don't like it, don't use it?
But not at 300 yards
How is the meaning similar? I don't see the connection
"might radicalise Muslims if they saw" Holy virgin Mary, this is just bullshit. There's a constant stream of posts on /r/againsthatesubreddits of white nationalist and alt-right literally radicalising people, and there's not a squeak from the admins. It's a ridiculous double standard.
Can you give specific examples​? It's hard to follow the conversation when you both are so vague
How do you do modification to the objC programmes source code while it is running?
Can you elaborate more? A two word answer doesn't learn me much
I'll try to phrase it another way: nigga be thinking he can make a ho wet just by flashing his blings Unironically means that he takes the comic at face value, without understanding the hidden meaning.
The energy loss from conversion could be compensated by higher efficiency due to running the engine at its most efficient RPM. If the engine is used purely as a generator, that takes out the gearbox and drive shaft which is a big weight saving, which is more energy saving. The diesel-electric powertrain is widely used in trains and ships, so you can't say that it's completely not viable. The question is why is it not used in cars.
Do you think you will notice that hookup activity in your area has dropped by 15% (as an example)? Change happen gradually. I don't necessarily agree with the article, but then again it is true that the major apps are becoming more social. Maybe they just want to make money by selling user data, maybe they are responding to their users wants. Who knows?
That's the point. Everybody is a migrant, so it's illogical to be opposed to migration.
Hold up, does the modern usage of "brand" meaning a company's unique logo or look related to the act of branding using hot metal to put an identification mark?
How much does JAKIM pay for shill work? Do you get the cheque biweekly or monthly?
Petroleum is used for a lot more than just energy. When solar and nuclear become the dominant energy source, expect a plastic boom as the lower price for the petroleum fractions allows polymers to be used for everything. We might even get to see a plastic skyscraper.
Well, the Holocaust didn't happen, so that means the people in that building hasn't killed anyone, is that right?
The backslash is used as an escape character to tell the text parser that the next character should be treated as is. If you want an actual backslash in the text (as the right arm of the figure) you need to escape the backslash with a backslash. You actually need to put three backslashes, the third is to escape the underscore ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
What part of it doesn't make sense?
What are pro-progressive economic policies?
I'm sorry, but even putting myself in his shoes I can't see what the revenge is about. The correspondence dinner roast was supposed to be a "We're even" moment, the way I see it.
Starving or malnourished? Those two are very different
You claimed that they didn't make lots of similar subs. That claim is false.
Don't be homophobic. Only a gay dude could explain the mechanics of penis swinging with that level of detail.
And yet Americans employers happily import thousands of H1Bs workers
I actually had to have someone tell me that I was in love. Just like you, i had this barrage of alien emotions and i didn't know how to handle it. So i went to another friend's house to complain about my problem with this other "friend". After i was done spilling my guts out, he said something like yeah it's difficult to handle love, you just have to go along with it. When he said that i was like holy shit this is what people call love? That was also when i finally realise that I'm gay.
I agree with him only on TPP. He's right, trade is good, trade is security, TPP is good. The hilarious thing is that the entire GOP had to pivot into hating tpp because Hillary is pro-tpp and trump is against
When you had to construct such a contrived example to support your point...
When your vocabulary is limited to 500 words, it's not difficult to make rhymes.
Remember, Chernobyl happened because of a shift handover
Mate, this is not them making excuses, the phenomenon is really well known and it's not attributable to the medical field's staffing practice. Chernobyl happened because of a shift change. [Oil rigs have exploded because of a shift change](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piper_Alpha). There were many industrial accidents that happened because of shift change. Planes have crashed because one pilot handed over to the other pilot. [This is a classic comic on why it is very important to allow one person to continue focusing on one task, from the software engineering perspective](http://imgur.com/gallery/3uyRWGJ) Throwing more people into it is the worst thing you could do, it just opens the possibility for communication error even more.
The Constitution is separate from the civil law that we interact with everyday. The Constitution could be completely secular, but the legislative assembly could vote for a law that prohibits pork, and it's not a contradiction
&gt; still making next to nothing A company doesn't need to make a profit. As long as it is paying for all its staff salary and operating costs, the company can stay in business indefinitely. There's not even an obligation to actually pay dividents to the shareholders. The fact that Amazon does not turn a profit for a long time is not a problem at all. Even the shareholders don't mind the lack of dividend because they still profit from the increase in shareprice.
You mean it's a bad thing to thoroughly vet a candidate for public office before going to the voting booth? I suppose we could just be completely blase and just tick the box with right letter next to the name, I bet that would lead to a government with very competent and experienced people
&gt; coverage you'll never need Do you have an actual working crystal ball?
Read the comment again. He said right-left, not Dem-Repub
Cultural difference? I've seen pictures of trashy white women with shit smeared up their butt crack. Trashy people are everywhere
Some people even pray before stepping out of their house
It's not really difficult. Basically while i run around my base to do other things i would take little detours to top up some of the furnaces. A full 50 charge of coal last quite a while. My early bootstrap base is really tight and compact, so the waking is minimal. The earliest batch of red circuits all go towards making furnaces.
And Indians. Sooooo many Indians
Care to elaborate? Your vague words contribute nothing to the conversation
More settlements, like usual.
[This is worth reposting.](http://zfacts.com/wp-content/uploads/US-national-debt-GDP-graph.png) It's fairly obvious which is the fiscally conservative party according to this graph. It's the blue one.
What are the examples of newer constitutions that could prevent a Trump? The way I look at it, all systems have to eventually come down to some number of actual people making a decision. Checks and balances has to be enforced by some group of people, and no system can do its work when enough people in it are acting in bad faith.
You can use literally anything on the server. I've seen some madmen using Assembler even. Of course if you're using a very cheap hosting, you might be restricted to just PHP, but nowadays this is very rarely the case. Heroku has a free plan, and they offer like 8 languages.
I don't come to reddit to read about fuckin TF2, or cats doing dumb stuff, or hockey, or Hearthstone, or women with exposed boobs, or fuckin trebuchet, or fuckin garlic bread, but I don't fuckin complain, because I'm not an entitled prick and I don't expect the 4th most visited website in the world to cater to only my personal preference. Use the fuckin subscribe button, fucker
We don't use the bomb calorimeter anymore to measure calorie content https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-do-food-manufacturers/
We don't use the bomb calorimeter anymore https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-do-food-manufacturers/
&gt; Has he forgotten how boats work? The entire GOP has forgotten how reality works.
It already has 50 "economic zones". Each state has quite a lot of control on taxes and business regulations, and cities can control some things too. You could argue that New Jersey is what you might call a special economic zone with its corporate tax structure and corporate law.
Yes, you're the stupid one. Glad we can agree.
