There is a good chance he won't.
I agree with what you're saying, the production isn't great right now, but I think it's worth pointing out that he's only 19. There is a reason why he was a first round pick, and was widely considered one of the best hitters in his draft. He hasn't gotten it done yet, but I think it's important to give him some time before we give up on him as a first baseman.
I think a lot of people had us as about a .500 team going into the season. The fact that we are a half game out of first is pretty surprising.
If no one else wants to be the Met ranker, I'll take it.
I'm not putting pants on until it's broken up.
If you want it, you can take it. I'm just kind of tired of seeing no blurb for the Mets lol.
\#Gay4Murph
At this point, me picking your team is a curse. Good thing I've got the Nats and Barves tomorrow.
Not everyone can be Nordic God level good.
As much as tonight has sucked, shit like this makes me love baseball.
I mean... he had 10 Ks and no walks in his 4 innings. This points more toward shitty luck than anything else. It's just crazy to see two starters in Cashner and Syndergaard to get so unlucky back to back.
Calling it now, both starters are going to do it tomorrow.
Surprised so many people like the final 3. Final 2 makes for a much more interesting end game imo.
A Woo and Kass final 2 would have been amazing.
He would've been awesome on S31.
Or maybe it's just that a lot of people find Kass entertaining...
The best survivor mind of the post-HvV era imo.
StL
&gt; I'm gay (hopefully OK on this subreddit) Sorry, but this cracked me up. Survivors online community is like, 50% gay. No one is going to have a problem with it here.
He's (she's?) my favorite poster on here and it's not even close.
That's was actually me yelling it from New Jersey.
Clint Robinson got picked off with Rendon at the plate and the tying run on second. *Noice*
It makes sense that Familia is being used a lot at this point in the season. He's one of the few actual major leaguers in our bullpen right now. He can rest when Black/ Parnell/ Blevins/ Carlyle/ Mejia come back.
Y'all are about to get Nale'd.
Chad is also king of the open mouth gape and the reason we got the "leg up on me" line from Chris.
Check the ratings of Russell's seasons compared to seasons with out him. There's no difference.
I'll go season by season 1. Dirk 2. Mike 3. Lindsey 4. Gabe 5. Robb 6. Shawna 7. Osten 8. Richard 9. Bubba 10. James 11. Amy 12. Bobby 13. Cao Boi 14. Rocky 15. Dave 16. Tracy 17. GC 18. Sydney 19. Russell 20. Tom 21. Jill 22. Stephanie 23. Stacey 24. Colton 25. Dawson 26. Allie 27. Brad 28. Brice 29. Drew 30. Joaquin
But that is a question that requires zero thought. Gomez is clearly better.
No it shouldn't.
If you want to stay away from spoilers, keep away from S11, 16, 20, 22, 23, 25, 26, and 27. They all feature returning players from other seasons. Watch all newbie seasons first.
You also got Pagan for Ramon Ramirez and Andres Torres, which has really been the only bad trade Sandy has made.
I don't care where the strike zone is, you can't have three backwards K's to end the game with a no-no going. Swing the damn bat.
"Yeah, but it was against the Mets." "Oh, that makes sense."
Well... At least we're getting Travis back. Edit: Oh by the way, we are STILL in first place. It certainly doesn't feel like it.
He would've had a better chance than Danny fucking Muno.
I never really understood this subs hatred of booing anyway. If you're unhappy with the way your team is playing, go ahead and boo. They're professional athletes, you're not going to hurt their feelings.
I guess I just don't see why booing is that big of a deal. If you are upset with what is happening, you should be able to boo, whether it's your manager, the umpire, a bench player, or an all-star. Like I said earlier in this thread, these guys are professionals, you are not going to hurt their feelings.
That doesn't make the losing any less frustrating.
Lol he was voted out three times. He threw a hissy fit after the Elyse and Keith TC's. He got worse with every season he went on.
*Smarjerry
Smeagolgery
He did it for SmartJerry.
The esurance commercials are a little more degrading imo.
Season 7 Episode 10 "Swimming With Sharks"
What, you guys couldn't get Roxy?
At that point, we should just tear it down and start a new one.
"Hi I'm Bartolo. I'm a very successful professional athlete" "Okay, we're totally invading this planet"
"I knew it was out of here, but I didn't want to get in the way of your homerun call" Keith is on fire tonight.
Barves playing with fire bringing up Big Bart.
A DH with bad fundies?
What about Dillon Gee in a wig?
Probably similarly to Flo in TAR 3. That being said, I think Sash wins that F3.
There are two outs.
Colon will be gone when Wheeler comes back.
It took a weird bounce, but it didn't hit the base.
I'm clenching big time over here.
Is Grilli not the Braves closer?
Yeah, but don't teams normally save their closer in extra inning games on the road?
She died, dude.
I don't think it was people not getting the reference, I just think they didn't find it funny. I have a hard time believing that many people don't know that line. I mean, it's one of the sidebar pics, it's pretty much common knowledge.
It's always worth a shot. Worse case scenario, you don't get and you move on. Best case scenario, you get to have the adventure of a lifetime. The board game thing will probably help you stick out of the group, but it won't be enough to get you on by itself. I say just give it 100% and see what happens.
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!!!!!!!
Not if Noah Syndergaard has anything to say about it.
No. Go full All-Stars or full newbies. I can't stand FvF or the one returning player per tribe formats.
Men: * Sean Kenniff * Butch Lockley * Rory Freeman * James Miller * Dreamz Herd * Dan Kay * Jimmy Tarantino * Greg "Tarzan" Smith * Zane Knight * Drew Christy Women * Debb Eaton * Zoe Zanidakis * Lil Morris * Wanda Shirk * Lisi Linares * Gillian Larson * Kelly Shinn * Stacey Powell * Angie Layton * J'Tia Taylor
What the fuck Sandy.
I love your username &lt;3.
I'd be willing to do the Met rankings.
I'd be willing to accept your support for me doing the Mets rankings.
Paul Goldschmidt is my hero.
LOL Batista tried to deke and it cost him. He ain't no Murph.
Carlos Torres making the best offense in baseball look bad... not something I expected to see today.
I really don't get TdA not pinch hitting there.
Holy fuck.
Nah Cecil is the closer.
What exactly are you talking about?
We can't turn double plays anyway.
Best game I've seen this year. Awesome all around.
Debatable.
Smarjorie taught him that.
Wiglesworth.
FUCK YOUR DH
Big inning coming up with 2-3-4 in their order.
pretty much anything.
Damn what a break.
I can't wait for Mejia, Blevins, Black, and Carlyle to return.
I'm okay with that. Just keep it in the ballpark.
Keep throwing that curve Bobby. It's looking good.
His breaking ball was awesome tonight. It would be huge if he could step up and be a dominant eighth inning guy.
Niese and Colon the next two days in that ballpark against that lineup is less than inspiring.
&gt;I remember the rest of the tribe sticking whoever's foot it was into a pan of hot water to cauterize it. That sounds like Robbbbb and the stingray to me.
Lol
This is my first game since Tuesday (fuck work) and having no Gary is so weird.
Mr. Buckethead?
&gt;The ~~un~~stoppable force that is the Mets offense meets the ~~im~~movable object that is the Braves bullpen FTFY
At this point, I wish we had starters that could hit.
Too many walks. Bench that scrub. s/
I don't know why anyone in casting thought Mike Borassi was a good idea.
Wanda and Jonathan.
Kass and Spencer
Yeah but Rob and Amber weren't together before the show started. Probst and Savage are more like Ethan and Jenna, they were together before, during and after the show, but they won't ever address it.
I would hate to see the jury come back and influence the final immunity challenge the same way I hated the jury winning the F4 immunity challenge in S7. Once you are voted out, you should have no place in the game until the final 2, where you get to decide a winner. That is plenty of power in itself. The jury doesn't need any more.
The difference was that they knew neither of their votes mattered. Aras and Ethan were winning either way. Greg did it in a 4-3 vote.
Fuck that, we never should've let Carlos Delgado go.
Jon Niese isn't a very good pitcher.
I'm pretty sure that if we lose this series we'll be mathematically eliminated.
You're right, the Wilpons really have to start turning it around at the plate. At least work the count or something.
No, I don't. Could explain this trend a little further?
We should trade Gee for Maikel Franco. Too bad Sandy is too afraid to make a move.
Catcher had an America's Funniest Home Video's style nut shot.
Wilmer Flores has got to get Dilson to make that play.
Cuddyer could have handled that better.
Calling it now, ~~450 ft. bomb~~ a 3 pitch strikeout for Tejada here.
Larry Vanover has no idea what he's doing out there.
lol that bounced
Matt Harvey was also in that 2012 class.
&gt;If Black returns in the next 2 weeks, Parnell keeps progressing, and Familia continues to be his great self, Mejia will help form a solid back end of the bullpen. Now if we could only get Blevins back we would actually be loaded. Not to mention Montero and Carlyle, who were supposed to be solid pieces in this bullpen. &gt;In the meantime, I would like to see Verrett and Gilmartin get looks late in games because I think both of them have some upside. I don't know about Verrett, but I agree with you on Gilmatin. At this point I trust him much more than Alex Torres, and I would love to see Terry give Gilmartin the late game assignments that he has been giving Torres for most of the year.
This is not going very well so far.
I got everyone but A-Rod.
Good News: Metsbot is back! Bad News: Literally everything else.
CBS.com?
One game under .500 on June 25^th is far from a death sentence. Especially in this division, and with the amount of players we should have coming back in July.
Hype! Lets Go Matz! And the six man rotation is not nearly as big of a deal as people think. If they do it the same was they did it when Gee was here, it is really only a six day rotation, with every pitcher getting an extra day off between starts. If they have off days in the middle, then the sixth guy (which is all but definitely Jon Niese) will get skipped. I also don't think it will last longer than two weeks anyway, because Niese will probably be moved soon (because unlike Gee, Niese at least has some trade value). Either way, I'm freaking pumped to see Matz at the big league level.
We're about to get a good hitting 2B/3B in Daniel Murphy, and we might get another in Wright. I'm not comfortable in giving up Matz for a rental like Zobrist.
Shout out to Terry Collins for getting ejected so he couldn't fuck this game up by taking deGrom out too early.
&gt;Duda while he walks and gets on base but hasn't done much else. Lucas Duda hit 30 HRs last year and has had a 136 wRC+ both this year and last year. He is going through a slump now, but he is still very good at the plate. &gt;Murphy is gone next year and a just terrible defensively at any position. This makes me think you haven't seen a lot of Murphy at third. He's not Nolan Arenado over there, but he's pretty solid. &gt;Flores has some good clutch hits but he is still batting .248 and his OBP is something like .290. He's on pace to do a little better than a 2 win season. He's not a superstar, but he's serviceable at short. &gt;Herrera is good defensively but hasn't really been healthy to find out what he is with the bat yet Herrera is a bit of an unknown, but he plays good defense, he was a fairly highly rated prospect, and he's only 21. I have no problem with giving him a shot at second, and if he really falls flat on his face, Ruben Tejada is still a solid backup.
Syndergaard and deGrom have company.
A lineup of Granderson, Wright, Duda, d'Arnaud, Murphy, Cuddyer, Flores, Lagares, and the pitcher doesn't need another bat, especially with our pitching. That lineup is fine.
Holy shit is Grandy hot right now.
Their infield is getting torn apart.
Their infield is currently Tyler Moore, Dan Uggla, Ian Desmond (who has been terrible this year), and Danny Espinosa. Our infield is better right now.
No, it did not. That was Phillips.
In the least surprising news ever, Max Scherzer is perfect through 3.
Everyone slumps.
It's not a loss.
I agree, and I'm not saying it's bad, but that pre-merge is damn near perfect. I think if you were to rank all of the post merge survivor seasons, S2 falls somewhere in the middle of the pack with the F6 episode being the biggest strong point. while I think S2 is number one on the pre-merge season rankings (if that makes any sense).
The early seasons in general did the pre-merge a lot better than any other seasons. The top 5 pre-merges in my mind are probably Australia, Pearl Islands, Africa, Thailand, and Marquesas in that order.
I want to pick a second chances flair, just not enough to give up the one I have now.
No the other Drew.
Overachievers: Astros, Rays, Twins, Giants, and Yankees Underachievers: Mariners, Indians, Blue Jays, and Padres
&gt;Brenda is still gorgeous, which, really, is the only reason we know who she is in the first place. Anyone who watched Nicaragua and payed even a little attention knows this isn't true. Brenda was one of the biggest characters of that season.
&gt;anyone who doesn't think Lex is freaking amazing television 24/7 is watching it wrong, point blank. While I agree with you that Lex is the shit and one of my favorite contestants ever, this is kind of an unfair statement. As long as they can back them up, everyone is subject to their own opinions no matter how much you or I disagree with them.
Yeah, my name is Chicken too.
I went with just one timers and no winners. Men | Women ---|----- Marty Piombo | Holly Hoffman Ralph Kiser | Natalie Tenerelli Jim Rice | Christine Shields Markoski Jonas Otsuji | Chelsea Meissner Pete Yurkowski | RC Saint-Amour Reynold Toepfer | Allie Pohevitz Hayden Moss | Marissa Peterson LJ McKanas | Trish Hegarty Jon Misch | Baylor Wilson Rodney Lavoie | Jenn Brown
I know, and I did mention that in [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/3bcue5/whos_the_most_surprising_team_in_baseball_this/csl0662) comment. That being said, I thought you guys were going to be head and shoulders above everyone else in that division, and that hasn't been happening yet.
I'd rather see Gilmartin here.
They did officially pull him yesterday. Ceciliani pinch hit for him IIRC.
Fuck. That. This isn't soccer, I want a winner and a loser.
I got a Nolan Ryan cookbook at a game a year or two ago.
... not a great start.
The whole Matz family is so freaking adorable.
I honestly think having a DH would hurt our lineup.
Finally we've got a guy who can get on base in front of Granderson.
Can I get a Grandpa Matz flair?
Send out Grandpa Matz for the ninth.
You'll have to pry Conforto from my cold, dead, hands.
No ABs, 2 Runs, No Hits, 2 RBIs.
I'm nervous as fuck about the LA and SF road trip coming up. Honestly, if we can get two wins out of that, I'll take it.
Then you obviously haven't been watching us play on the road.
Pitcher hitting eighth is killing them here.
Textbook surrender cobra.
That chick is 'mirin hard in the corner.
Jeff Samardzija.
Maybe, just with the combination of being back in the NL, getting to pitch in a big park, and even year magic I think he could surprise some people this year. Also I think you meant 2014 instead of 2013. His ERA was over 4 in 2013.
"Kalabaw used psychology on us and it worked!" -Abi-Maria
There is literally nothing Brett can do about Russell finding 18 idols and John Fincher being a moron.
Sash got zero votes because of [mortgagegate](https://ginacarbone.wordpress.com/2010/11/29/survivor-nicaragua-spoilers-mystery-solved-sash-offers-to-pay-janes-mortgage-if-she-votes-for-him/).
It's funny, because Tasha's line about "the fans would want us to go to the end together" (paraphrasing) is the EXACT opposite of what I would have wanted her to do. Tasha or Spencer blind siding Jeremy any time from final 7 to the end of the game would have been awesome TV.
To me, a goat is anyone that aligns with, and wants to go to the end with anyone that they no chance at beating. There was never any way (at least from what I saw) that Spencer was beating Jeremy, but he wanted to go to the end with him anyway. Clay was a goat because he wanted to go to the end with Brian, despite having no shot at Helen, Ted, Jan, or Jake's vote when he sat in the final 2 with him. I don't like to use "dragged to the end" as a requirement for being a goat, because whether someone is dragged to the end is subject to opinion and can sometimes just be a product of the edit a player got.
It is harder, but good players have the ability to read a jury and decide who they can beat and who they can't. If you don't have that kind of awareness you really have no shot at winning.
Don't worry about it, takeovers don't really officially start until the Mets get one anyway.
Bagwell was 71.6%
I say we just get rid of all the mods and have no rules.
Zane was *this* close to being the Survivor equivalent to Dr Will.
Not necessarily. There were reports earlier I the off season that the Nats would try to move Storen and Pap, but they have since died down. I feel like if the Nats get the right deal they could still trade him.
Except then you have people ask you when you think they will die on the spot like your some sort of fortune teller and you have to explain to them that that is not how it works. As someone who gets the question of what is an actuary/actuarial science a lot, I usually just tell them it's someone who works with numbers for an insurance company.
Hoffman was at 67.3% on his first ballot. He's getting in.
&gt;Congrats to [Team Unknown] for acquiring 4 1/2 years of Chen ~~next winter~~ this July! FTFY
Upvote party?
"Bartolo"
If that happens I hope the Mets turn around and sign Desmond just out of spite.
That's fair. What other than seeing all of the seasons makes her a good player?
Nah, Harper is too much fun to root against. I hope he stays right where he is for the rest of his career. On the Nats, and in second place.
Upton is not signing a one year deal. Heck, he'll probably get more than Cespedes.
&gt;But if they sign an impact player to a short term contract, the money will be freed up before they need to sign deGrom long term. Yes, but just because the money is freed up doesn't mean it wasn't already used. The $100-75M that they spend on Cespedes is still $100-75 that they can't spend on pitching, regardless of the year it is spent. Again, I'm just thinking of the hypothetical that the Wilpons believe that their options are to spend now on hitting, or spend later on pitching. Whether this is true or not is really impossible to know at this point. Maybe the Wilpons really are in insane debt and they can't afford any of these guys no matter what. Maybe they are they made a ton of money last season and are just being cheap assholes. Maybe it's somewhere in between. Your guess is as good as mine, but I don't think it's fair to just make assumptions about the financial situation when we really have no idea.
I'm not trying to discredit her for finding idols, I'm just saying finding idols is so random that it is hard to find it impressive, and playing them when you're getting votes is common sense (although your point about Joe is true, that was very impressive). It's like saying Fabio is a great survivor player because he won the challenges at the end. Sure he did do that, and that deserves credit, but he also got very lucky that he never got a challenge down the stretch that Chase, Holly, or Sash were better at. Luck plays a HUGE part in how a Survivor season goes, but that doesn't mean that we should consider every fortuitous bounce for a player to be great game play. It was a good job doing what she did with her idols, but it wasn't exactly genius.
I feel like it's actually the opposite of a "mob mentality". There are very clearly people on this sub who don't like Kelley, and there are clearly people on this sub that really like Kelley. And that is a very good thing. This sub would get boring if everyone had the same opinion about everything. I've seen posts supporting Kelley get upvotes, and critical posts about Kelley get upvotes, and that's good because they all contribute to the discussion. Reddit doesn't have to be one big hivemind, it can be a bunch of people with differing opinions. The sub hasn't "turned against Kelley", there are just people that don't like her having their opinion being heard.
In hindsight, that seems like a pretty good move.
Sorry, I meant first team to win 4 or 5 games wins the series. So best of 7 and 9.
Well, if you're going to make the DS 7 games, and the WS 9 games, and you don't want to be playing in mid-November, you have to cut back on the regular season.
Lol no he isn't. Spencer definitely has his fair share of fans on this sub.
De Aza and Lagares have been above average against righties and lefties respectively for the past two years. "Solidly above average" isn't the ceiling, it's the expectation. And yes, you're right about the right-handed outfielder, but that player doesn't need to be a starter. A cheap bench bat would be fine filling that role.
[Paul Lo Duca: Boogie Shoes.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vHlqBt8mO0)
It also probably means that Cespedes is going to look for a deal similar to what Upton just got, which the Mets will never offer him.
I'm confident that somebody will give him a deal similar to what Upton just got. Whether it's the White Sox, Astros, Angles, or a good ol' fashion Mystery Team, somebody it going to give Cespedes 5+ years and over $100M.
Oh yeah that's my bad Katie definitely votes for Tina. I'll edit that now.
Robb Zbacnik alone saves Thailand from being least funny.
I'm not saying that all Yankee fans hate the Mets. Clearly not all fans have the same opinions. I'm just talking about how there are Yankee fans out there that will claim that the Mets have little brother syndrome and it's a one sided rivalry when that isn't really the case. Both fan bases have sides that hate the other team and both fan bases have sides that don't care about (or sometimes even like) the other team. I guess what I mean is that in my original comment, when I said "they", I meant it in a plural sense instead of a singular sense.
If he's still around, David Wright.
This would be an ideal scenario. I *think* I can live with one year of Yoenis in center. Anymore than that would be too much. Let's hope he comes back, is awesome for a year, and then leaves to go play left field for a team that actually needs a left fielder.
My guess would be the Cubs because of Schwarber.
I'd much rather see Conforto in right against lefties and Granderson on the bench. Heck, I'd rather see Conforto in right everyday and Granderson play left because of Conforto's arm is much better.
And barring something crazy, he will be. What I'm saying is that Conforto should be in right instead of left because he has a strong arm. But yeah if Conforto finds himself in some kind of platoon, people are going to go nuts.
They should couple this with a "The Best of Kyle Kendrick Pitches of 2015" article.
I feel like this rivalry is about to hit the next level next year.
I'm talking about Granderson. Granderson got 126 ABs against lefties last year. Sorry for not making that clear in my other post.
But again, Granderson's OBP against lefties last year was .273. That's pretty terrible. Granderson is awesome against righites and needs to play everyday against them, but we could definitely find a better lead off man against lefties.
Well, the very first sentence of my post was "This is what I would do" not "This is my prediction". I know this probably won't happen, but I personally think it's the best move. I know Granderson has played right field for past couple years and I know Conforto has played just about only left as a professional. But it's not like I'm asking a catcher to switch to shortstop. Moving from right field to left field shouldn't be a huge transition, and if both of their skill sets would be better suited at other positions, then I think a switch should be made.
You don't need fiery asshole players, just fiery asshole fans. I think both of our fan bases have that in spades. Plus guys like Harper and Harvey will probably give both teams some solid bulletin board material.
Terry gonna Terry.
&gt;Plus great players play longer because of the DH, Victor Martinez, David Ortiz, Alex Rodriguez to name a few. "Great players" should be good enough athletes to play the field.
You guys have [Anthony Recker](https://outsidepitchmlb.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/anthony-recker.jpg) now. Him alone puts you in the top 10.
Check out [Spencer's Dom &amp; Colin Podcast thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/survivor/comments/42kxf1/the_dom_colin_podcast_spencer_bledsoe_reflects_on/). Nobody really has anything nice to say about Kimmi there. The majority of [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/survivor/comments/3xdhev/i_was_really_put_off_by_kimmis_remarks_about/) thread is anti-Kimmi. I can't find it right now, but I remember the RHAP exit interview thread with Kimmi and Keith was pretty anti-Kimmi as well. The idea that everyone hates Spencer and everyone loves Kimmi on this sub is ridiculous. They both have fans and haters on this sub, but overall I'd say it's definitely more pro-Spencer than pro-Kimmi.
It was Lex in the final 3 challenge in Africa.
Yeah, he's confirmed it. He was really sick going into that challenge. It's a shame because if he isn't sick then he probably wins that challenge and goes to the final 2.
I agree with what you are saying, but the threads I brought up still wouldn't exist if the sub loved Kimmi. I wouldn't say that the sub hates Kimmi, but the idea that the universal opinion of this sub is that Kimmi Kappenberg is awesome is just plain incorrect.
Shake shack&gt;Crab Cakes
When was the last Giants super prospect? Has been there been anyone since Posey/Bumgarner?
Division winners: Mets, Cubs, Giants, Rays, Royals, Astros Wild Cards: Pirates, Nationals, Twins, Blue Jays
They are my surprise team for 2016. I love their pitching and I think that division is very winnable.
Like, does he like fish sticks in his mouth?
Yeah, that's not true. If the Mets or Yankees are bad, the fair weather fans just tend to not give a shot about baseball for a while. But it's rare that you see someone straight up switch allegiances.
Yeah, but pretty much everybody picks a team to root for when their team is out. Doing that is a little different than just switching from a Yankees fan to a Mets fan because the Mets are good.
&gt;SS: Alex Rodriguez http://i.imgur.com/X0vfSN0.gif
And hey look, they just got Corey Dickerson. My prediction looks better already.
Dude, you're supposed to post these highlights individually so we can annoy the shit out of every non Mets fan and ruin spotlights for every team after us! That was the best!
Segura is not very good.
The Astros were still thought of as rebuilding going into 2015.
That speaks more to bad luck than anything.
Yeah, he's definitely struggling this year (largely for the reasons you pointed out), but the increase in HR/FB% shows that he not only is struggling, but he also getting very unlucky.
The question of "who is the better player?" Has very little to do with who wins a fan vote.
Wasn't Diaz not on the ballot?
Very true. I'm just saying that there is a good reason he isn't on the ballot right now. At the end of the day, it really shouldn't matter because he'll make as a reserve unless he falls apart in June. Same with Braun and Villar.
Yes, but being a douche shouldn't expell you from the All Stars game.
Murphy should be starting over Zobrist.
Can someone explain to me why Cubs fans are trying to make this a thing?
That .345 BA is over 50 points lower than Murphy's. Murphy is out slugging him by over 100 points. He is up on Zobrist by almost 20 points in wRC+. Both of them are having great first halves, but Murphy is totally out hitting him.
Batting average is a more reliable stat than any defensive metric.
deGrom is done. Take him out.
-13.3 UZR/150 last year at second says otherwise.
Lol my bad I meant 2012. It has nothing to do with Kershaw, it's just that Dickey got screwed over that year. I was making a joke more than anything, Kershaw should (and I'd bet anything will) be the starter.
If the Holocaust had a GDT it would have been more positive.
This game reminds me of that one time when my cat got mouth cancer.
Fulmer and Matz both winning rookie of the year would be fucking awesome.
No thanks. I've already watched an American League relief pitcher beat my team once today at the plate, no need to see another.
They should just give Ryan Fitzpatrick whatever he is asking for. This team has no shot without him, and Sandy is the worst GM in the NFL if he can't get a deal done.
Cubs
I sometimes think about the reality where you guys traded for Brandon Phillips instead of signing Murphy and I wonder what it would take for me to live there.
When referring to a specific team, you put their score first.
Yes you do. [Check out the Blue Jays schedule](http://toronto.bluejays.mlb.com/schedule/?c_id=tor#y=2016&amp;m=5&amp;calendar=DEFAULT) on May 29 it says they lost 3-5. The score of the game was 5-3, the Blue Jays lost 3-5.
What seems like a more trustworthy source to you, the headline to a game recap, or the official schedule of a team?
Heck of a ball pitcher.
America
https://media.giphy.com/media/12VQnWOyYhh9Cw/giphy.gif
So when you say "Flores Ynoa Nimmo OR Cecchini" you mean that they get Flores, and Ynoa, and then chose between Nimmo and Cecchini, right?
Booting Lydia was the right move there. According to Rafe in interviews after the show, Lydia was a bigger jury threat than Danni because literally everyone loved Lydia out there. So much so that Rafe has said the thing he was most shocked about watching the show was how they edited Lydia. He thought she would be a huge character. So that, combined with the fact that up until that point in Survivor history, the F3 IC usually favored smaller women, he was afraid that she would win and sweep the jury vote. It ended up not working out that way (Lydia actually would have had about zero chance in that last challenge), but his thinking was sound.
Good, we could use another pitching prospect.
Cards
The difference there is that F2s had happened before, and they could potentially be planned for. A final 3 had never happened, so there was no reason for Ozzy to plan for it.
Spencer was a huge threat, and he was targeted and almost went a few times in the pre-merge (he would have gone at the second tribal if Shirin didn't fuck up, and he would have gone at the second swap if Savage didn't fuck up).
Off the top of my head, this would be my 25 man roster: C- Lo Duca and d'Arnaud INF- Delgado, Walker, Reyes, Wright, Duda, Murphy OF- Cespedes, Beltran, Granderson, Conforto, Green SP- Syndergaard, Harvey, deGrom, Santana, Matz BP- Familia, Wagner, Feliciano, Bradford, Reed, Colon, Verrett
It obviously wouldn't be great, but if Matt Harvey has in fact turned a corner then a Matz, deGrom, Harvey, Colon, and Verrett/Gilmartin/Wheeler rotation would still be pretty good.
And even if we lost him, Conforto, Lagares, and Granderson is still a decent outfeild.
Gotta lower his level and get his head on the inside.
I'm not sure you know what BAC stands for...
Also call up Conforto.
#HELL HAS FROZEN OVER
Bart broke him.
#SLUMP BUSTER
Because talking to fans and watching the game is the best part of being a vendor.
Plawecki is the most predictable AB in baseball.
I really think at this point he should be the closer. Not really because Familia has been bad, but because he has been so fucking good. I know Terry would never do it, but I'd love to see him just ride the hot hand and go back to Familia if/when he gets it together or Reed falls back to earth.
Agreed, but more times than not, it is in the ninth inning. My point is that whenever we absolutely need a scoreless inning out of our bullpen, we should be going to Reed instead of Familia right now.
Just when I get done with Odor's suspension, my team now has to take 4 games of no Machado. I know it could be worse, but I would love it if my best players stopped punching people in the face.
This is my logic: Player A has been outperforming Player B by just about every relevant and useful metric over the last 2 months, and therefore Player A should have a more prominent role than Player B, at least until either Player A regresses or Player B starts to play better. I really don't see how that is irrational.
They're hoping you fall until the second.
Damn I wanted Thaiss.
Same county too.
He's a little black dude who throws hard. That's as far as that comp goes.
So apparently we're going with the Braves strategy of just picking guys in our own back yard.
Dunn is right handed.
Groome probably would not have signed.
That'll really be interesting. On the surface I'd say that they have no chance, but he apparently grew up a big Red Sox fan and I just saw a video of him being drafted and him and his family were legit freaking out. I'd still say it's not guaranteed but they definitely have a shot.
I *almost* want to see them over turn it to see Keith lose his mind.
So do you guys think Scooter Gennett is a first ballot guy or just a regular Hall of Famer?
If the Mets don't score I think Keith leaves the booth.
I like "Baby Shampoo" as a nickname for Flores.
Just as we drew it up, right guys?
NY (AL)
When it's 98 degrees out.
And has been great defensively
I'm not sure how, but that was Kevin Plawecki's fault.
If the offense keeps hitting it hard, they are going to get to this guy. They're just getting very unlucky.
Jeez even our Manger can't stay healthy. But in all seriousness, I really hope he's okay. The recent health scares with him and Sandy are very scary.
Same thing happened with a lot of Mets fans when Paplebon went to the Nats last year. There is just something beautiful about a player you hate going to the team you hate.
I did. I feel bad.
it does.
reds
Holy shit that is awesome. I'm currently watching it for the first time and I'm just about half way through season 8, and it's already one of my favorite shows ever.
That was a ball.
This Mets offense makes the June 2015 Mets offense look like the October 2015 Mets offense.
The game seems pretty in hand at this point. No real need to push him.
I'm not even sure there would be much of a publicity hit, at least in New York. Mets fans still love Jose and if the team spun it as "we are giving an old fan favorite, and one of the greatest Mets of all-time, a second chance in baseball after royally fucking up" then I think no one in New York would have a problem with it.
Harper and Cespedes are also both starting.
He wasn't an All-Star last year.
I told myself that I would watch the Mets game right after the Cubs and Nats game ended (this was around 6:30). I don't think I'm catching the Mets game tonight.
Lol Keith isn't paying attention
I hear it also exports basketball teams.
I'd say he's a top 2 Met of all time. Only guy ahead of him being Seaver.
Can he fill the role of Eric Campbell though? I agree with you that Wright at 75% is a better hitter than Campbell, but David has only shown the ability to play one position, and it's gotta be tough for him to take on a pinch hitting role where he is sitting around all game with his back tightening up and then he is asked on the spot to come up and hit.
Yeah, but what I'm saying is if we got a guy like a Danny Valencia and Wright became a bench player, he wouldn't fit that role well because he only plays one position and is probably going to have difficulty pinch hitting.
If you had told me in the beginning of the year that Dee Gordon would get suspended for 80 games and Giancarlo Stanton would be hitting like a pitcher, I think I would have put the Marlins down with the Braves in the standings. Kudos to them for playing so well, I think they are one of the bigger surprises in baseball that no one is talking about.
Suicide squeeze?
&gt;New York went on to acquire Kelly Johnson from the Braves, but as Davidoff notes, that move doesn’t necessarily rule out a continued pursuit of Valencia. From the article.
If she didn't play to win then how is she a good player?
If you guys make it a 5 game win streak I think /r/NewYorkMets is going to have a meltdown.
Cubs. 189.
deGrom might literally be the fastest guy on our roster right now.
Charlie Sheen as Shane Powers
Gonna be interesting to see how deep the Braves go into the playoffs this year. If this series is any indication, I think they are a World Series contender.
Travis would have fallen down the steps and broke every bone in his body.
Anybody know what Darell Ceciliani is up to these days?
Yeah well I wish my team had 27 championships.
They've won 5 in a row.
I'm not sure how Wright would handle a position change, but a Wright/Duda platoon at first would be pretty good.
We couldn't do that to you guys. Dyson is too important to your team! (But seriously, a guy like Dyson would be amazing for the Mets, just not for Thor)
Be honest, if Kennedy had just hit a bomb you guys would have never wanted to got back to the AL.
Somebody tell Escobar it's not the playoffs yet.
Tigers
All of the other Cubs are going and we don't want him to feel bad.
's velocity.
Thor.
Seemed like a wrist injury.
I'm happy to see that Ike Davis is still alive. How has he been for the Yanks?
No he hasn't. Harvey, deGrom, Matz, and Wheeler all have but not Thor.
Heck of a player.
Twins.
As long as Paulie doesn't make it clear that he is working with the returnees so closely, I think he could get the votes to stay.
1. Because Paulie is not a super important number and 2. If she doesn't put up someone like Paul or Z, they might not put up her if they win HoH.
Oh, I'm not saying I agree with the move Nicole made, I'm just trying to play devil's advocate and explain why she would make the move that she did. If I'm in that spot there is no way I nom Paulie.
Who else could she have nominated if she wanted to make a deal and put up a pawn?
Indians.
On the bright side, I got the trivia question right.
And what, leave Endy Chaves at home?
They were doing it last home stand when him signing was just a rumor.
Hopefully Conforto goes the way of 2014 TdA. Goes down for two weeks and then comes back raking.
I'm pretty sure it's not. I've heard people pronounce it that way, but most of the time it sounds like minnow with the n and m flipped.
inb4 Matt Reynolds almost gets traded and starts crying on the field.
Nope. Not when his value is at it's lowest.
The book caught up.
I love it when teams wear the negro league uni's.
* Part of the reason you don't give Johnson the ABs in left over de Aza is that de Aza is much better defensively than Johnson in left. * The only way de Aza is going to improve on his mediocrity is if he gets a chance to play. There is no chance of him coming out of it if he is collecting dust on the bench. If you aren't going to use de Aza as a backup outfielder at all, then there is no point to even having him on the roster, so either play him a little or DFA him, but just having him sit is pointless.
My kingdom for a hit with two out and a runner in scoring position.
Might be saving him for the pitchers spot.
Just shows the kind of manager Terry is that de Aza is still out there. Zero accountability.
Alejandro de Aza: The most important left handed hitting outfielder to the Washington Nationals franchise right now
Do we know who Frank is putting up?
Kershaw. 15 flyouts.
I get the feeling from Keith's comments that he isn't too thrilled about Reyes coming back but just doesn't want to say so.
DFA
I feel like he does that sometimes just to possibly off the ump.
I'm pretty sure stealing things is illegal. We don't want any criminals on this team. ^^^^^^except ^^^^^^Reyes
That really does suck for Strasburg, but it's hard to feel bad for the Nats in general considering A. We've had more than our fair share of injuries and B. The Nats in general have stayed very healthy this year.
Nats
I was thinking something more along the lines of a couple of minor leaguers that no one has ever heard of.
It's what got us Johan.
Cabrera does not have great range.
Lol that big goofy smile by Nimmo
Loney hit a shot in the first that found a glove.
I'll take it you haven't seen a lot of Mets games this year.
I'd take him out if I was Terry.
Ramos has killed the Mets his entire career, but know when he has a breakout year we finally have his number. Weird.
I was also making a joke. We're all just a bunch of jokesters.
This like when you taking a test that you studied really hard for and you think you are nailing it and then out of nowhere the test starts stealing a ton of bases and you're losing 8-4 to the test.
These are the days when I miss Drew Storen.
What a rally.
Rangers
You can't really go just snatch somebody out of a room if they are hanging out with other people.
Dilson Herrera made his MLB debut in 2014 and is in the 2016 futures game. What a strange career path.
Jose Reyes.
&gt;literally
Granderson should be a left feilder. There is no reason for the worst outfeild arm on the team to play right everyday.
Anybody else staying up for beat the booth?
I feel like we can never throw strikes to Werth.
Another day, another injury. This fucking year man.
Reyes will fit right in with his play so far.
If we were still sending our our Opening Day lineup every day then maybe, but with team he has now it's probably a no.
DeFAza
Why are you watching a baseball game instead of working?
He should be leading off for the Mets with those numbers.
It's your ace vs 3 of our regulars and our long man vs your best lineup. Self depreciation is all I have.
Is booing a vulgar chant?
The tweet said booing, not heckling. If the tweet says booing I feel like it is only right to assume they were booing Werth and not cursing at him.
The tweet said booing. I'm gonna assume they were booing. If they were cursing at Werth then that should have been specified.
Oh, my bad, I only saw the tweet that was linked and not the one after. Sorry. But you really don't have to be so condescending about it.
Solid chance Terry leaves Verrett out there for a while to eat some innings.
Our actual lineup is good at hitting homeruns but with d'Arnaud, Duda, Wright, Conforto, and Granderson all out our only shot is Cespedes or Walker and neither has hit for a lot of power recently.
Gary said "here comes his standing ovation" literally right before it happened.
Except our roster and their roster.
The only difference is Matz has to face the Cubs lineup while Lackey gets to face the Mets lineup. The only shot we have at winning games right now is when the pitching match up is decidedly in our favor.
I'd love to see Paul or Vic win HoH and totally throw the house on it's head. I can't say I'm really rooting for either one of them to win the game, but I love a power struggle and it'd be interesting to see the 8 pack have to scramble so early.
Yeah but Paul and Vic are both very capable of winning both comps.
I don't want to be that guy, but that really feels like game over.
At least we know Kelly Johnson is in left.
I'll take under 4 hits for the series.
Probably a language thing.
I distinctly remember GKR getting on Mets fans for not giving deGrom a standing ovation after a start last year. It sounded very similar to what they said last night.
Don't hate man, last year we won on fedora night in a blowout.
The best way to improve at something is to play somebody slightly better than you. If I wanted to become a better fighter, I wouldn't fight Conor McGregor, he'd knock me out in two seconds and I'd learn nothing. It would be much smarter of me to fight other amateurs and work my way up. The same idea is used in baseball. If the Phillies were to give Mickey Moniak (the first overall pick in last years draft) 600 PAs next year, he'd be lucky to hit .150, and the negative hit that would have on his confidence would be much greater than anything he would have learned at that level. What they probably going to do instead is put him in leagues where he constantly playing against guys with a few years of experience on him, move him through the ranks based his production, not on his natural talent alone.
And where the Dodgers can celebrate.
Double that and I'd still take the over.
If he didn't strike out a lot he probably would have been traded to the Braves for Shelby Miller.
I like how you put Chad Johnson in all caps and not Aaron Hernandez.
Well first off, Africa is a pretty bad example because of the conditions they were playing in. They pretty much weren't allowed to leave camp to have one on one conversations. And even still, there was still a ton of strategy and disloyalty going on in Africa. Look at the F9 and the F8 tribals. At final 9, we've got Kelly flipping from Boran to Samburu to try to try to take out Lex, only to have Brandon flip himself to Boran to vote out Kelly herself. Then at the very next tribal everybody on Boran (excluding Lex, probably trying to keep a jury vote more than anything), turns on Brandon and votes him out. Yeah, they sure were loyal back then s/. Really, the biggest difference between the seasons is the game, not the players. The vast majority of contestants have been playing to win from the beginning, but now with the inclusion of things like HIIs, random advantages in the game, and extremely creative tribe swaps, the players themselves can be much more creative when it comes to strategy.
I agree with pretty much everything you said. I don't think there are very many similarities between Ken, Tasha, or Ethan.
I wouldn't be suprised if Rudy ends up being the last contestant when it's all said and done. The man is a beast.
Aaron from China?
I look forward to more of these jokes next week.
I would rather see Cespedes kick baseball's out there.
You should take that up with Google Translate.
I think you and I are the only hard core "small hall" guys I've seen on this sub. My general thought process when thinking about who is a Hall of Famer and who isn't is if you have to put any thought into whether of not they deserve to be in, they probably don't deserve to be in. I want a museum full of legends, slam-dunk no doubt about it guys that deserve baseball immortality, not guys that were pretty for a long time. I get that that isn't going to happen A. because over half of the guys in right now I don't feel are deserving, and there is no way in hell anyone is getting kicked out of the hall without doing anything wrong, and B. because the Hall of Fame is trying to make money and inducting people every year is good for business, but that doesn't mean I can't think a really small Hall of Fame is a cool idea.
Rodgers should think about backing up less.
Yeah but half the time I see Stanton dongers they are against my team and that isn't fun at all.
1. [Freese in Game 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZVCrKcOl78) 2. [Halladay no-hitter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWgTPms9-Jo) 3. [Zobrist gives the Cubs the lead](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cE_1ShFSrY0) 4. [Ortiz's Grandslam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJyxzaLNlNw) 5. [Salvy Perez in the WCG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4CJu6AZJcg) 6. [Encarnacion in the WCG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONGLEUUesN0) 7. [Travis Ishikawa in the NLCS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uogT8X26-ko) 8. [Posey's Grand Slam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIjYlNdfiec) 9. [Bautista bat flip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UdsVO7HaJg) 10. [Wong picked off to end the game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQnHJwIabBU)
inb4 Jan Gentry wins.
Don't forget Mr. Met, who is arguably his greatest rival.
With the way the Mets abused their fans from 2007-2014, and the way Terry Collins has abuses all of our young pitching's arm's, it's no wonder Jeurys Familia thought that sort of thing was okay.
I'm not sure if he hits enough women to get a contract...
I honestly thought it would be higher. This roast actually reads like an r/NewYorkMets game day thread.
Where have you read that Daniel Murphy wants to play for the Yankees?
At this point, I doubt any of them get offered serious extensions except Thor. If I'm the Mets I'm much more comfortable trusting the player development they have in place (which at this point has proven they can develop good starting pitching) instead of giving out big contracts to guys either in or entering their 30's.
C: JT Realmuto, Cameron Rupp INF: Freddie Freeman, Daniel Murphy, Dee Gordon, Trea Turner, Anthony Rendon OF: Adam Eaton, Bryce Harper, Yoenis Cespedes, Christian Yelich, Giancarlo Stanton SP: Max Scherzer, Noah Syndergaard, Stephen Strasburg, Jacob deGrom, Julio Teheran RP: Jeurys Familia, Shawn Kelley, Addison Reed, Adam Conley, Gio Gonzalez, Kyle Barraclough, Brad Ziegler Not sure about the catchers and bullpen, but everything else is pretty awesome.
I think Harvey's ceiling is higher than Teheran's, but it's just hard to put Harvey over him right now considering the year he had last year and his overall health concerns.
Yup. It really just comes down to health. If Harvey is healthy, he's better. I'm just not sure he's healthy.
please take him. anybody.
I really hate the fact that I'm about 100% sure that this rule isn't gonna be followed. If everybody actually stays on topic and asks him about baseball (which I'm assuming is what he wants to be asked about, considering the subreddit he's doing this on), it has the potential to be a pretty cool AMA, but judging by the comments in announcements like this everybody's is going to try to be a comedian and it's all going to go to shit.
Honestly if I was Schilling I wouldn't even bother to do it, which is a darn shame.
Righties | Lefties --------|------- Reyes 3B | Cabrera SS Cabrera SS | Wright 3B Cespedes LF | Cespedes LF Duda 1B | Flores 1B Walker 2B | Walker 2B Granderson CF | Granderson RF Conforto RF | Lagares CF d'Arnaud C | d'Arnaud C Pitcher | Pitcher
I was a little more surprised about Jackie Robinson, tbh. I think he kind of falls in the category of Tommy John and Cal Ripken Jr. as guys who are very famous in baseball history for something outside of their actual skill set (John for the surgery, Ripken for the streak, Robinson for breaking the color barrier), and it kind of makes people not realize how great they actually were on the field.
I still have his card from when he was in single A. I really thought that would be worth big money some day.
I always played that you couldn't have sex with whoever you married. It's basically just someone you have to live with the rest of your life.
I hear that Papelbon guy is still out there...
Frank Thomas was better than Big Papi tho...
It is, but players with preexisting conditions are but more likely for that sort of thing to happen to them. I'm not saying Romo is made of glass and there's no way he can play, but he is more of a health risk than most others.
NL East | NL Central | NL West | AL East | AL Central | AL West -------|----------|-------|-------|----------|------- Mets | Cubs | Dodgers | Red Sox | Indians | Angels Nats | Cards | Giants | Yankees | Tigers | Astros Braves | Pirates | Rockies | Orioles | Royals | Mariners Marlins | Brewers | Diamondbacks | Blue Jays | White Sox | Rangers Phillies | Reds | Padres | Rays | Twins | A's
Yes, I think they would. But it would take a while for them to get there. He'd definitely get booed at least in his first few games.
Rangers
People don't talk about Mel Ott nearly enough. Mel Ott was the shit.
Cubs. 225 strikes.
Is that true though? We won the division by 7 games (no player is worth 7 wins over 2 months) and he wasn't exactly amazing in the playoffs either.
Yes
I love healthy Steven Matz.
This lineup makes me not want to watch the game. I'm gonna watch anyway because I can't help myself, but I'm not gonna be happy about it.
Listening to the Cubs broadcast, pleasantly surprised with your guys.
Yeah, honestly I'd love to be listening to GRK right now but I can't find a good stream with them. You're guys seem pretty knowledgeable and aren't over the top homers and that's all I really look for in a booth lol.
Thanks man!
[Me watching the Mets starters recently](http://i.imgur.com/6E2Tty6.gifv)
The Pelicans are still way off from competing with the Cavs let alone the Warriors.
I still hate him for game 2 of the World Series.
I love Lagares too, but who are you gonna sit? The way our outfield is configured, he's just not an everyday player until next year when Bruce and Grandy are gone.
http://i.imgur.com/PYz4vEh.gifv
http://i.imgur.com/X0vfSN0.gif
There is a South park joke here somewhere, but I'm not clever enough to come up with a good one.
If Keith was unfiltered the sighs would stop and they'd be replaced with f-bombs and demands for another whisky.
Hey guys does anyone know how to clone deGrom?
Okay I'll start rooting harder now
Oh shit i just realised they're on the same team now.
There is room on the roster for both of them, no?
Come on man, I just want to see the donkey :(
Come on man, I purposefully avoided my own team and put on this game tonight because I wanted to watch competitive baseball...
The dude above me said normal. That slide was not normal...
&gt; I wrote 24 percent so you'd read these paragraphs. I lol'd
It's crazy to me that Markakis has never been an All Star.
It was done by the Twins in the '60s. I think it was 17 and I think it was against the Senators. They mentioned it on the Mets broadcast last night.
He could easily hit 40 bombs if you give him a full season as a Yankee.
To be fair, nobody saw Turner breaking out like this coming.
I'd be shocked if we didn't win the World Series tbh.
Holy shit the Mariners made a huge jump.
Holy shit, if Arenado catches Bryant we could easily be looking at 0 Cubs in the starting lineup.
Justin Smoak currently has more All-Star game votes than Josh Donaldson. This season has been so fucking weird.
There really isn't much need to complain about Seager, he's getting in anyway. It's like Mets fans complaining about Conforto.
I'm like 70% sure I just saw Jim Thome. I'm currently in Secaucus, NJ (same place where MLB Network is located), and I just walked right passed a huge dude in the Chicago White Sox baseball shirt who looked just like Thome. He had his head down and looked like he didn't want to talk so I didn't say anything, but I'm pretty sure it was him.
I think you are really cool.
Dang, and just think of how good it would be if they had Braves Shelby Miller instead of D-Backs Shelby Miller.
This is exactly the kind of answer I was looking for. Thank you.
Me reading Nats bullpen facts must be how Nats fans feel when they read about the Mets training staff.
How the fuck did that man shut out the Dodgers.
Ron Darling is going fucking in on MLB training staffs right now (pretty much indirectly calling out the Mets).
Ronny's not in bad shape, but I'm pretty sure the arm is completely shot lol.
Harper won't do it. I'm hoping for Stanton, Bellinger, Thames, Votto, Gallo, Sano, Judge, and EE
The Braves would have to eat salary to deal him.
&gt;a DH who is 3 wins better than a catcher on terms of hitting, base running, and defense Gonna be difficult for a DH to make that much of a difference on defense...
I was making a joke...
Every time I see a Mets lineup without Micheal Conforto in it a small piece of me dies. Also, why isn't Duda playing?
Yeah but Goodwin is probably better than Werth anyway.
Still gonna run away with the division.
I could be wrong, but I think MLB.com has aired it for free in the past.
I MISS THE JOSE REYES THAT WAS AN ALL-STAR AND WOULD TEACH ME SPANISH ON THE SHEA STADIUM VIDEO BOARD. FUCK THIS NEW VERSION THAT IS A TOTAL PIECE OF SHIT AND POPS UP MORE OFTEN THAN A JACK IN THE BOX.
&gt;WE HAVE STANTON, OZUNA, AND YELICH YET WE LOSE TO THE METS' PITCHING I MISS WHEN LOSING TO METS PITCHING WASN'T SOMETHING TO BE EMBARRASSED ABOUT.
So trade him in late July, see what you've got in Smith for the rest of the year, and re-sign Duda in the off season if it seems like Smith sucks.
