Absolutely. Hooked me on reading again after a decade or so hiatus. Blew through the whole Silo series in fact.
Wow. She sounds like a two year old testing your boundaries. This does not bode well for cohabiting my friend.
After reading the comments, regardless of fault, one perspective I haven't seen mentioned (I don't think,) and possibly the reason she's still with you - she's fine in a relationship without kids. Right now she's got exactly what she wants. In this particular situation, I'm sorry to say, it's going to have to be you to do the dumpin' if you want crumb-snatchers that bad.
Why so concerned with what she was doing when she wasn't "with" you? Doesn't really seem relevant imo.
Money vs. no money. Whether it's "enough" or not is irrelevant in this particular situation. You take any job if you don't have a job and need money, then you look for a better job. Seems like you need to boot her in order for her to get motivated / educated to this reality. Sounds like she's quite content being supported for... 3 years now! Oh yeah. Pig in mud. Hell, I'll move in with you if you'll support me! I don't even have a baby!! ;P Bottom line though, you don't want to be with her - so, she needs to go. Since you do care about her though, maybe talk to her about this and give her a couple of months warning before the cutoff? Another poster mentioned speaking with a lawyer - after supporting her and her child and living with her for so long, there may indeed be grounds for support - I have zero experience in this, but it may be worth researching in regards to your locale.
Definite insecurity issues there. Maybe some hints of crazy - tread carefully. That was part of your life. There's nothing wrong imo with having simple pictures of an ex (nudes may be a bit more touchy). You shouldn't have to convince her. I believe pretty much everybody has pics of an ex. Hell, I've had a couple of framed pics of a couple of ex's out for years and maintained a great relationship for a year + with a woman. I never speak with them anymore, but they are responsible for who I am today &amp; taught me some important lessons in life that I'm reminded of when looking at them. She asked who they were once, I explained, and that was the end of that - continue great relationship! (in hindsight, maybe having them out in frames is indeed a bit much - she sure didn't give two shits though)
Ha! The '14 senior motto was "Excelsior".
Sounds like there's some enabling there. Possibly some growing up that needs to be done. Taking you for granted maybe. edit: oh, you added all the diagnoses (ADHD et al). I am not one who was made or trained to deal with that symphony of insanity. Sounds like he's still got a ways to go with fixing all that. You know that saying - you can't make somebody else happy unless you can make yourself happy (or something to that effect). Seems like he's not *quiiiite* there.
Dude. When she gets back, sneak into her change purse, &amp; get those nads back. Sounds like she thinks the ring's already on her finger. You're 21!? I think you should see other people (that are old enough to go out as well) &amp; have some friggin' fun while you're young! Let her waste her youth at home with no friends (?) doing... whatever.
Eh, sry hun. Sounds like this one's done. People change. People change their minds. Sounds like you actually want someone different as well (he's a heavy gamer - sounds like you're not, you want to do stuff - doesn't sound like he likes doing stuff). Quickie outside view - cut your losses, find somebody who doesn't game as much and enjoys doing stuff! (&amp; the texting thing, when in an agreeable relationship with a girl - I certainly make it a point to *not* text females frequently, attractive or not, frequently - I mean, wtf? Maybe I'm old fashioned.) Edit: words
Ugh - serial monogamist myself. Sux huh?! Is there a future time period (a specific date maybe?) that you'll be able to spend more time with him? There's no way you can *make* more time for him? Once a week does seem a bit slim (to me anyway - had a long distance relationship where we'd get together for weekends about once every two weeks). He just needs more than you apparently have available right now. I ceased dating a girl fairly recently for the same reason (well, the main reason) - haven't dated since, but definitely happier and back on the prowl.
As a straight guy, the best rejection EVER is... "oh... sorry... I'm actually a lesbian." I mean... she's not even attracted to your entire gender!! It's literally nothing "wrong" with you. I say go for it.
Just read the tldr... it's ok to get over an ex. (?)
You went through his phone without his permission after dating him for a month. Regardless of what you found... something ain't right here.
Wow... the one girl you've slept with gets to sleep with somebody else. Pretty sure I'd be more concerned (if you end up staying with her,) about the resentment in the future of YOU not getting to sleep with anybody else. I'm a horndog though. Hope she's ready to be in the doghouse for a long time. Also... 7 years, and just now discussing marriage? Seems odd.
Ah duh. You are correct, that is not crazy.
With moondoggie on this one - women initiating is HAWT. Seems like he just needs a little direction. Throw a spark of confidence his way, maybe it'll set his manliness ablaze! (lol?)
If you're married, why is he going out with "female friends" (even if there are other people there)? If I were married, *especially* if I'd cheated, my utmost concern - if I wanted to retain my marriage, would be not to make my wife feel uncomfortable or suspicious of me in any way. If my theoretical wife was always hanging out with "guy friends" without me I'd probably be a wreck too. Meh - I'm old fashioned. Perhaps he doesn't know it makes you feel this way? May be time for some couples counseling.
Sounds like you're the one who isn't happy. You want a girlfriend that has time for you and isn't a stoner. Seems fairly reasonable. If she's not willing to put in some effort to free up some time between work and weed for you, I see no end to your plight.
Can't believe this isn't higher. The most emotionally draining movie I've seen in a long time. (course, long time SW fan)
Indeed. Sounds like a giant pain in the ass. (TLDR - don't book via 3rd party.)
Indeed. I would personally still afford my parents a large amount of leeway / say-so in my life if still (even partially) depending on them for financial support / shelter.
You likely have her past experience to thank for her rocking your world. ;P
&gt;I am so afraid that she will come here and I personally will be like, "no I don't want this, it was a mistake" and I don't want her to fly all that way for nothing. Uh... so tell her not to come?
How can this situation even come up? If I were considering dating one of my friends ex's.... I'd fucking ask?! "Hey, would it bother you if I dated /u/S3MC? Oh no? Not cool? I completely understand man. No worries bud."
&gt;I'm just a little miffed that it didn't work out. Ugh... I know. I feel you. Different situation, but still communicate with an ex that is nearly perfect in every way... but I'm just not attracted to her like I was at the start (not her fault at all - &amp; she didn't change, but I did - plus it was long distance anyway), but yeah... pretty upset that I apparently can't "pick" her. Stuff just doesn't work out sometimes, but hey - makes us who we are, &amp; oh that wisdom... that glorious glorious wisdom. Worth it's weight in gold. It's good to question what (&amp; who!) you want out of a relationship. Don't ever stop.
Right?! I mean... I pretty much forgot there was missionary &amp; on top!!
Gotcha. Absolutely. Nothing wrong with getting other perspectives! Especially with a decision of this gravity. You've proved yourself wise, capable and intelligent already and will make a good decision. Regardless of that decision, these kids have a great aunt. Keep that bit up! ;)
Ugh. Terrible luck in relationships. Maybe a bad "picker"? While I do believe men are innately predisposed to "spreading seed", I think the majority of us are able to overcome that primal urge and see the benefits of monogamy. I "cheated" once on a girl I was dating, we hadn't even really had the "exclusive" conversation yet, but I still felt like it was wrong in my head. Ended that relationship after a bit, but have certainly never even come close otherwise because I remember what that felt like. Also been cheated on as well. No fun. Hang in there. Plenty of monogamous guys out there. After a bit of a problem with trusting from wife cheating / divorce - came to the conclusion that you have to trust them until they betray that trust. Can't live life not trusting. Not really anyway. But yes, as a man, a happy monogamous relationship is one of my life goals. :)
Would it hurt to give it a shot? Good paying jobs ain't exactly growin' on tree's these days. Sure, be skeptical! But go see if they've changed. You're probably a sure hire from past experience / references I'd imagine. That's fairly tough to come by. Don't like it? Meh- start trying to find something else while you're working there.
Wha? Didn't "think you were worth it"? They said that or that's something you assumed? Seems like there's definitely something you're not telling us here.
I'm so sorry this has happened to you. Was in a scarily similar situation. Suggested counseling, was informed it was "too late" at almost the same point you're at - maybe it'll work for you. Also, this is not your fault. She's been cheating on you and you're headed for divorce. I hope you had a prenup.
Couples counseling seems a bit extreme for a couple of 20 year olds who have been together for six months.
Hmmm... I think it's time to pry a bit - and this simply boils down to communication really. You expressed yourself really well through this comment - maybe base a "line of questioning" on it (or hell, show it to him!) You're super awesome for being so respectful and patient with this guy, but yep - you're a woman with needs. Virginity is a big deal, but it ain't (imo) THAT big a deal. Plus, he's 19, seems like it's time to get on with the gettin' on. No sexually mature woman of your age should be without tha good luvin's. If he's unwilling to provide that (or much less communicate his reasoning why), it may be time to throw in the towel. I, personally, wouldn't entertain the surrogate partner. Move on before you throw more variables into this complex equation.
Well, sure, I suppose it's technically *always* a viable option, but if they're already having sexual compatibility and communication problems six months in... that's a pretty big sign that there's something underlying that no counseling is going to fix in the long run. Have you ever heard of a twenty year old couple that's been together six months going to couples counseling?!
!!! &gt;OP didn't mention anything about communication problems... &gt;It doesn't sound as though either of them have made an effort to talk about it. Is this thing on? ;)
He's not a female virgin though. He's a 19 year old man that's been getting blow jobs and hand jobs from a 24 year old woman for a year now, while encouraging her to have sex with someone else instead of losing his "virginity". Perhaps she might respect his decision more if she knew why? I sure as hell would (if I knew why). My sincere apologies if I offended you with my "gross" comment.
&gt;and refused to perform oral sex Guy here, that seems like a deal breaker in itself. (doubly so for micropenis - that guy's doomed at this pace)
Thanks so much. Yep! Years ago, good now. :) Hang in there. You'll make a good decision. As a wise woman I know always says, "it'll all work out." ;)
I'd suggest reading "Ready Player One". (he should *love* that one) Also, it just doesn't seem like either of you have a lot in common. I generally find that pretty important in relationships. Not sure what you pictured yourselves doing when you envisioned your whole lives together. Regardless, it doesn't really seem like there's much you enjoy doing together. These are all things either you like doing, or he likes doing, and the other is being forced to do. Maybe have a talk with him about finding new things you both enjoy. Though, if he's not willing to give up some of his time (3 hours?! rly?) to do those, and actively work on a relationship with a woman... not much point.
&gt; (COmpress-DECompress) Holy. Shit. Was in pro-A/V for years, currently just a video/audiophile. Literally never knew that's what that meant. Knew what it was... just not the breakdown. The blatantly obvious crap that you (/I?) miss sometimes is hilarious.
Captain Phasma. J.J. has stated she'll be back. Wookieepedia re: armor... &gt;Phasma wore armor coated in chromium salvaged from a Naboo yacht once owned by the Galactic Empire's Emperor Palpatine. Its polished finish helped reflect harmful radiation, although the chromium served primarily as a symbol of past power.
Where do you see Harrison Ford? He doesn't appear in these photos. Wouldn't doubt it though. Seriously fucked up his leg filming (broken in two places, dislocated ankle, etc.) (also messed up other leg during emergency landing in his plane)
Ya, mostly 35mm. (Some IMAX, not sure if digital).
I can't imagine why.
Uh... "knowing is half the battle"?! ffs
*in front of friends!
Brilliant idea. Hell, even a non-acquaintance fireman would be more than happy to pay her a visit I'd imagine. One less person to worry about when they have to mobilize!
Sounds like there may be some real depression in there as well. Might mention that.
Negative (for the U.S.). We're taxed on the gallon, not the price. (US$0.49/gal avg.)
This disparity is simply retail competition taking time to work. If your supply costs go up, you're going to immediately correct sales price to retain profitability (as will your competition). When supply costs go down, you're going to keep them as high as possible until competition starts affecting sales (&amp; profitability). Incremental competitive pricing reduction ensues, but takes a while (cause incremental, &amp; consumers are generally slow to react to this particular market). How long / much does it take *you* to switch gas stations strictly based on price? Guessing quite a while.
This comment made me think of foie gras. Should probably be on this list somewhere.
&gt; eat the nutrient sac of a potential animal that comes from the female's poop shoot/vagina combo (the cloaca). Whut... "chicken periods"? Sure, factory egg practices are bad, but got a buddy who has great chickens that are super happy (except that bastard rooster) &amp; produce a crap ton of eggs. What's wrong with eating those (excluding in-excess obviously)?! They sure as hell don't want 'em!
I would add... why must this be another person? Were I to stick my finger up my butt, am I personally somehow unable to feel this special abnormality that would trigger a doctor to think "uh oh... we may have something here."??
I don't have time to research exactly who owns and operates all the gas stations in my vicinity, but I think you're probably pretty far off. The prices and brands are way too varying. There may be a couple here and there owned by "corporations" (aka publicly traded companies), but I think you'll find most are likely owned/operated by local companies. This may vary by metropolitan area. Source: manage real estate leased to gas stations - all of them locally (in state anyway) owned. Assuming you're not mistaking franchising / brand of gas for actual owners - I don't know the exact franchising rules, but if it has a giant "Exxon" sign, the station is not necessarily owned by Exxon.
Ha! Channel 1. We're old.
Ha - gotcha. Was just hoping there wasn't something I wasn't aware of re: eggs! Love 'em. :D But yeah, he loves those things like pets. Even takes them on little walks daily (along with them getting to roam around freely quite a bit). May even have to get a small flock myself at some point (&amp; some acreage). The number of eggs they shoot out is pretty astonishing as well. Poor guy is always trying to get rid of eggs.
Holy crap. Didn't even realize that part of the map was Nosehair Canals!
All excellent points to take into account.
I.... I am apparently going blind. Maybe an idiot. Thank you for the correction sir.
This is pure rhetoric... See, I was originally with that line of thinking... but then, if you /relationships much, you'll notice a trend of those that snoop generally find stuff detrimental to a continued relationship (this could obviously be chalked up to a vocal minority as well). Even though he states he was "expecting heartwarming", you gotta wonder if there was maybe a little voice inside his head (and/or all the snoopers heads) whispering warnings. I'm in no way condoning snooping. Though, in some cases it has literally saved some from years of heartache / wasted time.
While I generally agree, and like to think I would react like you, I think one has to be in this frame of mind *before* finding out something like this. The damage here is already done. He is crushed. In addition, I imagine a more mentally mature woman would be much more appreciative (/instructive?) of his talents, wherever they may lie.
&gt; I’m not good enough for her, but she loves me too much to be away from me. Fuck. Overlooked that as well. Man, her parents did a job on her huh? &gt;She doesn’t want to pursue any job opportunities here, doesn’t want to commute anywhere (hates public transport and doesn’t have a driving license). Sooo... wow. I don't really see how simply moving will fix much of this, if any. At all. I'd highly suggest some professional marriage counseling. ASAP. *edit: btw OP... don't you dare believe for a second you're not good enough for her... you've practically given your life over to her... and in fact, may be reinforcing what seems (from my limited knowledge) to be a serious case of "spoiled brat".
Heh - seems like she doesn't feel comfortable having sex, and you're not comfortable *without* sex. I sure as hell can't blame you. One thing's for sure, in this day and age, I definitely wouldn't gamble with a possible sexual compatibility mismatch *post* marriage. Seems like you're at two different places religiously as well.
FTFY... &gt;*Penis: But how can we hate her? Look at all those wonderful memories! Remember her pretty smile? Amazing eyes? Her perfect little peach? Heart: GOD NOOOO!!! WTF!!?? NOOO!?? STOP IT!!!* edit: formatting in quotes is hard
You would prefer tea?
Make this the part that you "learn from your mistakes". In the future, if you're getting mixed signals, I often find it wise to err on the side of caution. When she said she didn't "see us together long term", that was *the* signal that should have triggered the e-brake, shifted into reverse, &amp; floored it. At that point you should have theoretically had zero expectations of a future with her.
Wow. Neat read.
SR-71 stories never get old.
As a non-sailor, even I noticed plenty that I would've done different if captain. I'm totally not the type to point out stuff like that either.
I think they're feeling the love via hug now.
Yep! No worries. I think we've all been clingy / quick to latch on at some point. Carry on! :D
Like he said... fucking scary.
Brilliant synopsis, whether accurate to the video or not.
I know what you mean and feel your pain. The inconsistency with number of perceived hits on YOU vs. the hits you land on others is crazy frustrating and I assume some kind of data transfer limitation / shortcut (maybe to slim down data transfer?) - dunno, no expert. Pretty sure we all get the same number of hits to die though, it's just not letting YOU know you're getting hit that many times. Also, might try the much maligned DMR rifles (Mk11 Mod0 is my poison). Those *are* 3 shot kills generally (course semi-auto - and take a bit of skill) &amp; seem to work great for me at mid to mid-long range with a red dot, but they do have horrible hip fire accuracy so forget them in CQB. I can still end up pretty close to the top of the list though on the big maps. *edit - re: "just started playing" - I've also found it to have a fairly long learning curve, even coming directly from BF3. Couldn't really put my finger on it. But definitely try to stick it out for a bit, the "noobness" does subside.*
Yes, I *know* the finger Goose.
I wasn't under the impression that any one person was mistaking BF4 for a "realistic military experience".
Yeah, definitely different animals. Didn't even use DMR's in 3... not sure why either! May have to revisit. Have fallen in love with them in this one for some reason. Probably the 3 shot quick kills &amp; accuracy.
Also... Friday.
Poor baby!!! ^^OR ^^IS ^^IT!?
So rare. So satisfying.
I.... REEEEEALLLY... hate that. Possibly my #1 pet peeve in BF4. (&amp; the rare hax)
Nice. Definitely not hacking. Skillz to pay the billz!
I don't know much about the Chinese economy or housing market... but I don't think you could even get a decent double-wide for that price in the U.S.(~US$36,500), much less a **five story building?!**
So, to be clear... your friends *parents* house (who obviously don't know you or your car)? At 3AM? Plastered?
But succeeded in stealing the cash, and isn't remorseful at all, but is trying to lie / talk his way out of it and is in no way prepared to reveal the location of the cash.
After more research... via [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Empire_Strikes_Back)... &gt;The initial production budget of $18 million was 50% more than that of the original. After the various increases in budget, The Empire Strikes Back became one of the most expensive films of its day and after the bank threatened to pull his loan, Lucas was forced to approach 20th Century Fox. Lucas made a deal with the studio to secure the loan in exchange for paying the studio more money, but without the loss of his sequel and merchandising rights. After the film's box office success, unhappiness at the studio over the deal's generosity to Lucas caused studio president Alan Ladd, Jr. to quit. The departure of his longtime ally caused Lucas to take Raiders of the Lost Ark to Paramount Pictures. [Then](http://articles.latimes.com/1997-02-06/business/fi-25849_1_star-wars)... &gt;Even after "Star Wars" had broken box office records, it wasn't easy sailing for Lucas. He put up his own money and guaranteed money from merchandise sales against the loan, but his company, Lucasfilm, had trouble getting a bank loan to cover the $30-million budget of the first sequel, "The Empire Strikes Back." "Bank of America said no sequel has even earned a third of what the original movie did," recalls John Moohr, who worked in business affairs at Lucasfilm from 1978 to 1981. "So we took out Bank of America halfway through production and went to Bank of Boston. The film came out in May, and they got paid off in full in September," says Moohr. So, completely conflicting accounts for Empire, but lots more saying he financed it without Fox. Jedi though... can't find a single source claiming that Fox had anything to do with it. (besides distribution) [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Return_of_the_Jedi)... &gt;As with the previous film, Lucas personally financed Return of the Jedi.
&gt;He had seen Jim and me floating down and had radioed the New Mexico Highway Patrol, the Air Force and the nearest hospital. Sheesh. That's one prepared rancher!
To be fair, it did have a pretty small radar signature (way too late by the time it's detected), as well as ECM's. But ya, wanna waste some money? Shoot a missile at it.
Discovery, we have you at... oh, nah, we don't have you. Better call Houston.
I have that newspaper clipping somewhere. :(
Ha - I remember when Reese's Pieces blew the f**k up. (&amp; that E.T. commercial) Interesting how much advertising has changed. (/is changing)
Seriously. It's like they're getting all the good ones off the planet before... shit.
It really does have that cinematic "perfect storm" potential.
Indeed. Fool me once WB. Then take a chance at throwing more money at the screen? lol - pass.
&gt; All of Rinzler's Making of books are excellent, by the way. Noted!
Secret Service vs. FBI!!!... FIGHT!!
TIL from your downvotes, Redditors don't know how to fucking drive.
Why would one even attempt that?
&gt;You going a little bit faster barely has any effect on your time. Great! Then quit impeding traffic for no reason and get out of the left lane! :D
&gt; I'm such a courteous driver... ftfy buddy, &amp; thanks from those of us in a hurry sometimes.
Seems more like one's minor inconvenience (1mph) vs. quite a few others larger inconvenience (&gt;1mph).
Or.. you know.. it was glaringly obvious that people behind him wished to pass.
&gt;What pisses me off is when drivers squeeze between you and the truck before you get a chance to merge back into the slow lane. This is easily solved by a wonderful invention called the "turn signal" a.k.a. "blinker".
I'd hazard you weren't going fast enough to warrant a pass in the first place. (if vehicles will be immediately behind you once in the passing lane)
Your downvotes are the reason we can't have nice things.
&gt; It doesn't smell that bad anyway. TIL UK skunks apparently don't smell as bad / potent as US skunks.
SAM is apparently [jacked up](http://www.astrobio.net/news-exclusive/potential-signs-ancient-life-mars-rover-photos/)... &gt;McKay says this likely would not work. “In principle, that instrument could tell us something about the nature of these materials biologically, if there were still large amounts of biological organics in the samples,” he explains. “But these are just ancient sedimentary structures, and biology has long since left.” “What’s more, in practice this instrument is restricted,” he adds. “There was a contamination spill in the instrument presumably during landing. So it has a very high background contamination level.”
Sadly, was considering the same scenario last election... though, we just keep plummeting further down the rabbit hole. I think the reset button is much more elusive than we envision.
Also, this is akin to him advocating $20/mcf nat gas. Good luck with that.
It's awesome that you've realized this. Might look into some anger management therapy/classes if you're serious about wanting to change. You're literally past the denial stage! Keep going!! Never too late to at least try and change. Regardless of the outcome with your family, you'll have better control / understanding of yourself.
&gt; If he starts using them nefariously and without your permission, see a lawyer. At least you can likely get a cease and desist letter sent to him. I don't think you'll have much other recourse. That's the danger of consenting to these things. They can't be undone. Not a lawyer, but I believe this is definitively "revenge porn" &amp; is considered a felony in quite a few states at this point.
Clarification: if he posts any of it without her permission (regardless of her consent to the initial filming / photography) - revenge porn. Ex. - you can consent to nudes. If the photographer posts those nudes publicly w/o your permission, the poster is liable. My understanding anyway.
Fuck. Thanks so much for sharing that. Got one getting up there. Dreading the day often now. Bookmarking this for future reference.
Also... reiterate, *emphasize* and remind her (/reality check)... she actually did this... &gt; Called her ex to see if there's a chance. Sure, it's gonna mess the poor guy up, but years of a terrible marriage and then divorce will potentially waste years of both their lives and likely leave them both with more emotional baggage than a luggage carousel at LAX. (edit: not to mention financial implications/complications)
&gt;And she truly does believe that I made her boobs sag. Boobs sag by themselves. Source: every old woman ever. Your ex is ignorant of her own anatomy.
&gt; I think the vibrator is a bit of a red herring. Your girlfriend doesn't like to have sex with you and resents it when you attempt to initiate. That is the real issue. Which, coincidentally, will not even be the *real* issue. It seems a bit telling that OP posted strictly about bedroom problems, and mentioned zero problems about any other aspect of the relationship (esp. re: lack of sex). I'd hazard OP's GF's side of this story would have zero comments re: sex. (unless of course, she thinks that's the only reason he's there)
&gt; I am a horrible person. Work on that!
The incident has been seized upon by the far-left media to, once again, gas light the fuck out of the far-right.
Dobie's are the cutest with floppy ears.
&gt; the wrong-way driver missed **by** car literally by INCHES. That's crazy. I'm glad you're ok and hope you get over your cold/sinusitis.
LPT - assuming he gets checkups at the doctor, you might suggest to him discreetly that your gramps probably shouldn't be driving, and that if he could say something you'd appreciate it. This worked with mine (old folks generally respect and accept a docs advice), and was actually accomplished entirely non-verbally by simply giving the doc (gramps couldn't see me) the international symbol for turning the steering wheel and mouthing "HE'S STILL DRIVING!!" We knew it was past time when mysterious dings started appearing on the car - poor thing couldn't even hear it running and would almost red line it after starting.
Actually haven't heard that particular stereotype in years. Chalked it up to now well known insurance statistics stating the opposite.
Gotcha. To be fair - that was years ago that I'd seen those statistics, likely even before texting / cell phone use was rampant (or basically necessary). I wonder if they've held up!
Indeed. Taking a dog you want alive to the pound... isn't that kind of like taking a Rolex you found to a crack house, and asking them to keep an eye on it until you find a buyer?
Agree. Also... is she acting?! I'm pretty sure she's acting. Or, those edits reeeally make it look like she's acting. Guy says... &gt;she lost her dog within' 6 days while she was out of town Wat? If I'm understanding correctly, this dog was unsupervised for 6 days? Well fuck no you can't have your dog back!
ftfy &gt;Your cultural and artistic distinctiveness will be added to your arm.
&gt;I know what I did was wrong I'm just a weak person. Welp. Here's your chance! Be strong and own up to this. Telling him is the **right** thing to do. Also, for future reference... if you can't control yourself while drunk to the aforementioned extent... you may consider giving up alcohol altogether.
You judge people on how others judge people?
Wow. From your downvotes, nobody really knows much about the DeLorean.
He did raise that bar pretty high.
Yeeeah.... not sure what happened there.
Yup. Exodus part 2. (atmospheric jump &amp; Pegasus' swan song) Unbelievable TV right there. Remember watching it live.
Pretty good. As I saw the Donner version in the theater as a kid (&amp; wore out the Betamax tape), I'm afraid the Williams soundtrack and Brando voice over have solidified the Superman Returns [teaser](https://youtu.be/4CuJ08nwJpA) as my favorite. Pretty sad the film didn't quite live up to that level of hype.
Actually had to argue with a teller the other day when she "corrected" my (commercial) deposit to $80k+ (was like $10k &amp; change). I was all "well, my math's not great, but it's not *that* bad!" She thanked me for my insistence &amp; likely saving her job.
At least better than a not really car.
Too easy. This would cut total posts by 25% at the very least.
Fucking ellipticals. I *knew* they were lying!! I think everybody really knew.
&gt; 10 months and I went from 209 to 134 fuuuuuuck. Amazing. Motivational. You rock.
I'm Hicks sir.... *he's* Hudson.
Yeah, weird. I'm intimately familiar with this film (&amp; deleted scenes,) and don't recall seeing this one. (&amp; own the BD anthology)
Not everybody does.
Also not the one you're asking, but man... that dog has been living on borrowed time for quite a while, solely thanks to you (&amp; vet). You've gotta realize how much you've given her. If she's only 4.5, I imagine you've still got a few years yet! Can't dwell on that impending doom regardless, that's no way to live, &amp; she sure as hell wouldn't want you doing that &amp; would likely bite you if she knew you were. ;) Got a 12 year old myself who's hips are starting to fail. I don't think "that day" is too far off, &amp; I'm going to be an absolute nuclear flaming wreck when I lose her. She's still managing though &amp; in good spirits &amp; we're both gonna cherish that sweet sweet time we've got left together. :) (she's also on borrowed time &amp; has two artificial ACL's - bastard rabbits!!)
Eh, I wouldn't call it abuse. Their coats are made for that weather. If that's the only life they know, and they get that food/affection/ton of exercise (not to mention all their friends), probably a pretty good doggy gig if you can get it!
Wow. Dem radars!! Beautiful.
&gt; one in five tenants would leave cats and dogs behind. What the actual fuck. I'm now going to use this number as the basis for the entirety of humanity. One in five humans suck. (Thanks for being a good one though.)
Ah yes, pretty difficult to pick out that one guy still standing up, firing a rifle repeatedly into the crowd. Also, it only would've taken one person - not hundreds.
Nothing fuels cars like Islam. Wait...
&gt; "guns make us safer" line of bullshit If I'd have been there and carrying... your "line of bullshit" probably would've saved quite a few lives. (regardless of "shitbag" status) Vote wisely indeed.
Looks like it's just a super fancy / handy stool that you wear.
Seems like a no brainer rly. I can understand him maybe not taking the dog on a proper "walk", but a simple outing to let the poor thing relieve itself definitely isn't too much to ask.
Depends on state law.
Heh, I love that [story](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curtis_Culwell_Center_attack). Illustrates the importance of training. Those two guys had body armor, 3 long guns, 3 hand guns, 1500 rounds of ammo... and scored one hit in the ISD security guard's ankle ("firing dozens of rounds at the police car"). The Garland PD fared **much** better.
It's illegal to carry and drink / be impaired. The people I know that carry take rules like that incredibly seriously. It's a massive responsibility and your judgment *can not* be clouded. Also, there's NO situation where if somebody goes completely mental and is bound and determined to kill as many folks as they can... where NOBODY gets hurt. They have the element of surprise. Though, if I were in that club carrying, I can't imagine it would've taken too long to pick out the one guy still standing, firing repeatedly into the crowd. One person carrying is all it would've taken. One. Not every single person.
Sadly, I imagine that "battle" as the whacko getting the drop and first rounds into the officer, &amp; the officer returning what fire he could manage. Technically, he did take some bullets that would've gone into others. Hero imo.
&gt;most folks on the right don't want gay people to exist at all That's the biggest line of horse shit, media spouting nonsense I've heard all day. Source: conservative in the deep south. I literally don't know anybody who would dare say this nor do I remotely suspect anybody of even secretly *thinking* this. Plenty of gay *and* black friends as well personally. Most of that line of thinking is relegated at this point to politicians, media, and I'm guessing people who probably couldn't operate a touchscreen voting machine.
No. There was one armed off-duty officer out front (who the shooter obviously got the drop on). That "battle" likely consisted of the shooter getting initial rounds into the officer, who then returned fire to the best of his ability. Guy continued into the club, started shooting people. Two additional officers then arrived and exchanged fire with him somehow (assuming they didn't make it inside the building). I'm interested in seeing how this last part with the additional officers actually played out, as it's still not very clear. Regardless, at that point, his attention was definitely towards the front door and exchanging fire in that direction. Just one person carrying could have made a difference. Sure would've improved their chances anyway.
Thanks so much for doing what you do. As far as occupations, yours is probably the absolute last thing I could (&amp; couldn't) do.
I'm just gonna leave this here... something I ran across recently... &gt;I learned the value of putting your dog down early. My dog had a similar issue as yours. Tumors messing with the gut. We knew the day was coming, but she was still managing. One day something broke, and she was in lots of pain. Unfortunately it happened at 9pm, and the vet was closed. So I sat all night trying to comfort her cries, until 8am. By then she was barely conscious from all the pain. I had to carry her to the car like some vietnam movie, while she's letting off soft wimpers. I was bawling the entire way. Fucking broke my heart. Honestly, that messed with me more than my mother's death a few months later. Not that I love my mom less, it's just I wasn't mentally prepared for that. Moral of the story, trust your instincts. When it's time, give them some peace.
I agree. It's literally the last thing you can do for them, especially after all they've done for you.
&gt; I know I do. You. Are awesome.
As opposed to the general populace, which will be 'no term'.
Was there any marriage counseling specifically? If there wasn't, I'd suggest that. If he refuses that, knowing the consequences are your departure, probably time to lawyer up. It's double important that you communicate to him verbally or in writing that you are on your last straw and unless something changes, you're considering divorce, and will begin that process immediately if he doesn't work with you as part of the team he promised to be a star of.
The folks in 2137 will be comforted by your apparent contentedness.
Ancient Chinese proverb... Patient: Doc! Doc! It hurts when I do this! Doc: Well then don't DO that!!!
&gt; Is he meme Yes. He is meme.
&gt; You are acting a moron wat?
Some people have/prefer open relationships. Seems like this guy is one of them. You do not share his penchant for multiple partners physically or mentally. You are most assuredly incompatible. I also think he has zero respect for you. Time to kick 'em to the curb.
Though you've deleted your post (?), I can only say, he's your brother. You're stuck with him for life. Is apologizing *that* big a deal?
&gt; If you havent used your parking break on your car in years, dont start using it Also... you will forget to disengage it!
This is my favorite question. Did some quick research &amp; conversions... 2015 US natural gas production... 28,751,579,000,000 cubic feet Germany natural gas production... 23,622,000 cubic feet Also, without digging, they were importing 86% of their natural gas in 2010 (guessing it's in the 90's by now). So... yeah... might as well ban ostrich jousting while they're on the warpath.
Eh, growing pains. To be expected imo. I remember similar problems with Go when GoT was becoming popular (2 seasons ago?). They worked 'em out in pretty short order - zero problems since myself. It's probably that questionable new middle-out compression algorithm platform they're using.
&gt; 2 advertistments telling us to go see the movie were were fucking waiting for This... makes me crazy.
Hell, I'd be happy with a cocktail table Ms. Pac-Man.
Was pleasantly surprised at the first one as well.
Gotcha. Should I end up on your fair island... I shan't frequent that particular establishment.
Hazarding an educated guess that it would be, at the least, cleaner than most slaughter houses. I imagine the FDA/USDA would implement similar standards &amp; regulations regardless.
&gt; its hard to quit cold turkey They do make excellent sandwiches I understand.
Out of curiosity, what would one call this pageant in your world... or would there even be pageants? They seem awfully "unfair".
Fucking this. Though I'm a Righty, I identify as an Ambi. When I was in preschool, I had full and equal use of both hands. Then, I had trouble remembering my left from right... ho boy.... enter the popular stereotypical phrase "you write with your right!!" Pretty much ruined for life. The rest of the LA (lefty ambi) community stands behind you!!
Same. Would be sad for sure. Lots of weirdness coming down the pipes in that same vein though (retail big box store collapse). I'm sure they'll never completely disappear (like drive-ins), but it'll definitely be different.
The mother of all surprises... Vader-dad.
Heh, same. Just measured my blade as well - almost 5 inches, and locks! We're the equivalent of concealed carriers in the U.K. (though, I don't think you can even get a permit to carry a concealed knife) Fun government rules... still can't legally possess an automatic knife in this state though. Funny - pretty sure I could flip mine out faster than the process would take on an automatic.
&gt; military style semi-automatic firearm lol - I'd love to see the legal definition of "military style". "HAHA... oh no your honor.... this here is of the NON-military style variety. I don't know of *any* military that issues a pink leopard print cerakote."
&gt; it's also worst for the person who finds you. Reckon it beats the hell out of the ol' shotgun in the mouth way. I imagine opening the garage door would normalize the atmosphere in there to breathable levels pretty quick.
I will sleep tonight because of your knowledge. Thanks for sharing.
Expert level burgles... throw steak through window!!
Eh, ears look a bit short, hair a bit long.
&gt; annoying performance by Jesse Eisenberg I can't get past this. Every time I envision this movie, I think of [this scene](https://youtu.be/fis-9Zqu2Ro?t=1m3s).
In addition... together 10 years... and this is somehow the first time this issue has surfaced? Wat? I literally find that impossible.
&gt;When you love someone, their flaws don't disappear. When you love someone, you love their flaws.
Maybe it's just me, but she sounds a bit toxic (for you). Keep doing what you're doing and get back to yourself.
Yup. Hug'd.
Yup. Not sure what projector they'd use, some of the latest high end Barco's (brand IMAX is buying commercially now I believe) will set you back half of that easy. Proprietary custom sound things (highest end consumer Datasat = $23k for the processor alone - if they're going with the cheap one). Design, acoustics, engineering, electrical, construction, installation, furnishing... not really a bad deal if it's turn key for that level of tech.
Nice little uncut rock going up for auction today in fact! [linky](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-36660076)
Oh... they do something alright... &gt;Honeyguide nestlings have been known to physically eject their host's chicks from the nest and they have hooks on their beaks with which they puncture the hosts' eggs or kill the nestlings.
Dropping a cable into international waters vs. burying/burrowing a gazillion cables... pretty solid contrast there. That's kind of like getting pissed that your Prius can't achieve a low earth orbit via it's own power. Fuck Toyota.
You guys probably shouldn't be posting this in public. Probably some people out there who'd like to build that wall again. Enough of these posts... &amp; bam! Wall. Germany divided.
Biker here. Bullshit. You absolutely can give up your space to road bullies. He *ended up* fine. You're making an awful lot of assumptions about the driver/road bully. I know you have to be aggressive sometimes, this situation was not one of them. I personally pretend that everyone is actively trying to kill me when riding (has worked like a charm thus far &amp; literally saved my life at least once). That lady had him dead to rights for **far** too long for my tastes. He had zero avenues for an exit between his ego and oncoming traffic if she'd decided to rage.
&gt;I bet you don't actually do this. It's reactionary horseshit. Heh, ya, I actually do. There's nothing reactionary about it (or horseshit?). It's purely a preventative practice. &gt;You'd be riding around like a video game with enemies everywhere. Everything would be fucking terrifying. Yup! It kind of is! &gt;Riding would be a horrible experience. Nah, not at all. Especially on the twisties. Pretty much beeline it to rural areas. Urban environments, yup, pretty sub-par experience. &gt;Besides, it is intellectually dishonest. You know not all people are out to kill you, and you can't successfully convince yourself. The fear won't be real. *"Pretend"*. I'm not delusional. The fear is definitely there, just probably not equatable to if I actually thought everybody was trying to kill me. &gt;It happens, just not anywhere near as often as you seem to think. You'd sooner win the lottery. Hey, if you want to take those chances, great! Winning a "test" against some random moron that can't drive isn't one of those times (for me) that is worth risking anything against any odds. People win the lottery all the time. Ride safe!
Kind of a long shot, but on the community aspect, this may also be his daily route. He may wave to that cop daily &amp;/or that cop may recognize him. (more so than the car anyway)
That's interesting. As an ex pilot, I'd say it was all on my first instructor. He'd randomly drop the throttle to idle during training flights &amp; say "Whoops. Your engine just died. Whatcha gonna do now." This happened often. I sure knew those emergency procedures. Instilled the importance of those procedures in my head as well. I'd generally have an emergency landing field picked out &amp; in view at all times.
Maybe there was a pool or something down [there](https://youtu.be/N1qroY4SQLw)!?
Definitely not limited to arid climates. My area's (deep south) main [aquifer](http://www.spartaaquifer.com/) had been in decline for quite a while till conservation efforts started to pay off (&amp; will hopefully continue). I am ignorant as to the spread &amp; frequency of this phenomenon outside my locale though.
I'll bite (lulz). Modify them synthetic meat genes!!!
So, every person who isn't interested in science... thinks science is condescending &amp; preachy? Seriously? I find that pretty condescending.
Shame on him. Dissuading their lofty parental aspirations.
As a guy who watched olympic gymnastics a few times, fucking stuck that landing as well.
Figure skaters train to punch and kick movable objects roughly the height of a persons face? Fuck. TIL.
Odd. Though I've seen (&amp; heard &amp; discussed) the wildly differing opinions, I haven't really encountered the "hate" for differing opinions compared to other movies.
All Danny Elfman's work is great imo.
(for 7 fucking years)
Bismarck was the only BB to be hit by a BB torpedo iirc. (was already sinking as well I believe, and/or jammed rudder at that point)
This hurts my western brain. I'm doing well, but wouldn't want to attempt to afford kids. I literally can't even fucking imagine the thought process that goes into justifying raising children in those conditions.
Fuck. Seriously. If I were somehow stranded or held hostage in that particular "slum", just give me some old rags or something &amp; that shit hole (lulz) will be sparkling in 10 minutes. Why not a round robin type thing?! Let that busy fucker in the tank top police it! You wanna poo? You gotta clean once a week.
&gt; High Priestess of the Bathroom lmao - can tell - not a phony. Just to accentuate though... &gt;It makes things feel significant and revelatory. Absolutely. This is why they call it *tripping*. (a.k.a. tripping out on things)
K - brb.
*Are* there people excited about Beyonce?!
OOooo yeah, Oldman - terrific. So true.
Wow. That dude is serious about his Labyrinth. Also, I wonder how that sequel is shaping up?
Heh - whoops!
HMMWV mounted TOW? If so, them Iraqi's / Kurds ain't playin' around.
For sure. If being shot at by Japanese DD's, it's usually to angle their guns toward you. Don't mind me - grinding Kagero right now - not in love with it.
From my observations, yep. Pretty much the standard these days.
Totally. Ex audio engineer. Can't *not* hear the subtleties sadly. :( Was watching a streaming one the other day, specifically a female with a pretty low voice on a documentary... could swear I could actually hear the quantization (kind of an auto-tune / robot effect). Was horrid.
Oh right! Like... [literally](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scots_language). We forget these things.
You've been dealing with this for almost a year? It's way, *way* past time to put your foot down.
&gt; She misses planes This... this is absolutely mystifying to me. Like... can't comprehend AT ALL. Sure, severe unforeseen events - flat tire (but still...), incredible mechanical car failure possibly, family emergency... but, like a habit? Crazy.
Male. Say it often to ladies. Seems to go over well. (&amp; genuine - who doesn't wish others sweet dreams!?)
Please open your RNGesus hymnals to page one...
Should be that "Subwoofer 1/2" on the bottom right "pre-out" section of jacks. Assuming you have one RCA to the sub, try it in the "1" jack. The ground hum when touching the sub wire does indicate it should be functioning. May be a setting in the receiver menu's to tell it that you do indeed have a sub connected.
I don't personally know anybody sold on those.
Step 1. Make sure the room you'd have the screen in has ample throw room for whatever projector you're considering to get that 120" pic. "Small" apartment room sizes vary wildly.
After a quick browse of the manual (&amp; the incredibly basic appearance of the remote itself), it does not appear this particular remote has that capability.
DUN DUN DUN - DUN DUN DUN - ....(*Buck Rogers opening theme)
Concur. Also... it was the early 80's. If you were a sci-fi fan, &amp; had seen Empire 7 times already... not much else on the menu.
ftfy &gt;In Quebec, some jackass landlord reported this guy for keeping a crow that he had nursed back to health.
Bit late, but as a landlord (multiple properties) myself... that's stupid. It's a bird. Come on. Plus, having been there 7 years - I imagine he's a pretty good tenant otherwise. The only real problem I could see here would be if the noise (many crows locally, they can be quite vocal at times,) was bothering tenants. Though, the article doesn't mention it at all &amp; I'd hazard that wasn't the case (for SEVEN years).
Lolifornia... I'm literally not surprised by anything their government does anymore. That can't be a good sign.
If some random person in the U.S. blinks funny, in the eyes of Kim... DECLARATION OF WARZ!!11!
Ymmv. Doesn't hurt to at least try. Sent an email to a local bee keepers club president about a new colony on my property. Was transplanted the next day by a grateful local keeper.
Definitely a learning curve. Would say the Molotov is deadlier. She's quite tanky bow on. Guessing (without looking) at *least* twice the fire rate as well.
Hate it. When I do this to a cruiser while in a BB, I generally offer my sincere condolences... cuz dayum. I know them feelz.
Not sure why he'd say that. Have both, have compared many times to be sure. They are identical in stats.
Re: camo - both have identical stats.
Oh yeah. All bets are off vs. BB's. Run away!
One crab's "hole in his house" is another crab's "shell with an A/C!"
This is known. I do believe you have to have no vacant port slots however. (may be wrong there though)
I call bullshit on you. [https://www.amazon.com/Polar-Fox-PRESTON-MPX508006-Black/dp/B00PHDTD44/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1483995660&amp;sr=8-6&amp;keywords=polar+fox+boots](https://www.amazon.com/Polar-Fox-PRESTON-MPX508006-Black/dp/B00PHDTD44/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1483995660&amp;sr=8-6&amp;keywords=polar+fox+boots) Also... bunch of nazi's surrounded by gun barrels... I'm failing to see the downside here.
&gt; pulling guns in a gun/pawn store in GA. Seriously. It kind of makes you wonder if this was maybe a borderline (/semi-intentional) suicide. Like, the guy just didn't care if he died. If he got away with some loot - great. If he died trying, oh well.
I think you're actually right. It's the glass over the top of the case that shatters. Chances of the frame getting hit in such a way that it shatters the glass, much less a horizontal piece of glass getting hit itself, seem pretty slim.
Also... tons more comfortable than concealed carry.
Imma go ahead and put my money on the whole planning phase of this particular heist.
lol - in addition to currently planned nerfs?! They should probably just delete them altogether if they hate them that much.
Ha! You'll never catch me in my 35 knot Kagero!! Oh... wait...
My long lost boycott brother!! I knew you were out there somewhere!! ;P
They're not. Full stop.
&gt; more skill-demanding Nerfing a line into arguably the worst ships in the game = making them more... "skill-demanding", but they're not "uncompetitive"?! Sorry, but that's hilarious.
Definitely just you. Coming from a Kagero grind, having just purchased a Kamikaze... it's like the clouds opened up &amp; rays of sunshine beamed down... &amp; turned into massive schools of Type 92 torps, headed for the enemy BB's that have zero idea they're about get an autographed handicapped parking placard for Davy Jones' locker. ;P
Rly? I've been getting top tier'd lots lately (which isn't a *huge* help). She's definitely not a front line ship currently though. Paper hp.
Ha, seriously? TIL if the Tirpitz is the ONLY premium ship you don't have... CHEAPSKATING!!1!
Definitely. Short reach confirmed.
Definitely on the bucket list to drive one of these. Also priority... [concrete smoothing machine](https://youtu.be/Cpc5qy7Wmqs) thingy. Though... the latter could definitely transition into a new career... *HE'S GETTING PAID TO CONTROL THAT!?*
Heh! Well... it's original! (afaik)
In addition, NASA/JPL Near Earth Object program has at this point mapped a reported 90% of objects larger than 1km (&amp; is now focusing on objects larger than 140m). We'd very likely at least have a chance at an Armageddon (movie) type plan (or four) before meeting our fiery doom at this point I imagine.
I imagine if it's genetic, it's a higher percentage for probable formation - this with zero bearing on location on the body. (just a guess)
Sparrows... came home one day to find all my lovely barn swallow chicks had been murdered by these nest stealing fucks. Fuck sparrows. "Pretty cool" my ass.
I'll just add... his lack of situational awareness. You see a DD speeding up beside you into an obvious torp zone... you fuckin' hit the brakes. It's not rocket science. Not only will he detect things faster, he may not get detected, can snoop out enemy torps, and probably has lots more torps to deliver. Plus, he'll likely benefit if you're (non-DD) focusing on targeting those guns instead of driving. Counting on a teammate ever to avoid torps is inadvisable.
Troll detection.
Completely random conversation going on as well. I have no idea what was in the video because I was attempting to figure out wtf you're talking about.
New WoWS card game.
Mogami? Yup. That's pretty much SOP.
&gt;with a caved in bow from hitting Mikuma in the night Whoopsies!
I imagine "terrible" is why. It did not look terrible. Was superb for a deceased actor gone CG. It fooled a LOT of fucking people. I know die hard SW fans that were fooled. You &amp; me unfortunately, have a keen eye apparently. Took me right out of the movie as well.
It's ridiculous, hilarious (ymmv), &amp; entertaining. Don't expect *too* much.
Rly?!! Crazy talk. I think I liked the Myogi better. Too long ago. I just remember the pain and suffering of Kawachi dispersion. I think it's a rite of passage to glorious IJN BB superiority later on. Dumped them both once Kongo status was achieved (&amp; I generally don't dump boats).
Funny, binged Penny Dreadful couple of weeks back... was sure I remembered Hartnett being the son or sibling of somebody famous. Nope. He's the first. But ya, total ringer for son of Jones.
Again, it fooled a LOT of people. (plenty in this thread alone)
I find it curious that even a cop would fall for that. I would have lawyered up immediately.
Seriously. They all seemed genuinely useless. I'm no expert for sure, but with all those officers, just bum rush the fucker &amp; get him to the ground at least!
lol - what it was probably doing in / around Scapa Flow... &gt;After repairs and adjustments to her guns, King George V attacked German shipping in the Glom Fjord, Norway, in October 1941. She then covered convoys to Russia. On 1 May 1942 she was operating with USS Washington as an escort to Convoy PQ 15, and collided with the destroyer HMS Punjabi, which had manoeuvred to avoid a mine and crossed her bow in dense fog. Punjabi was **cut in two** and King George V had 40 feet of her bow badly damaged. King George V entered the Gladstone Dock in Liverpool on 9 May for repairs by Cammell Laird, and returned to Scapa Flow on 1 July 1942. The battleship didn't leave Scapa Flow until 18 December when she finally resumed convoy escort duty, providing distant cover for the Arctic convoy JW 51A. [That'll buff right out](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/32/HMS_King_George_V_after_collision.jpg) King George V be like... D:
*10 torps with 21 second reload! DO NOT sell this ship. It's my seal clubber of choice. You literally can't approach it if it's capping a zone in smoke. Pretty much a death wish. If I need to let off some steam &amp; just have fun playing WoWS again, Derpzki is my cure. ;)
YUP. If there's any ship to *completely* free xp past... it's the Kawachi imo.
Oh, so if I'm halfway through the Og, I should probably free-xp to the Kiev before this drops?
This sounds like he's doing a take on Chirstopher Walken's skit on SNL (The Continental). lol - first mention at 1:20 [here](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-continental/2869208?snl=1)
I hear it plenty from both those folks.
Yeah, seems like a few are off a bit. From what I know, this should be more "co-mo".
He *did* say "universities and research institutes".
&gt; They can punished harder if you do more damage. Yeah? Source? I'll definitely let future offenders sink my entire team if you can prove this.
Yes. Same thing with IJN split.
Nah, I literally stopped it. I believe my team won that one as well.
I think it's supposed to be his name - Odeith.
Oh, you won't see that data. I'm afraid this is somehow coming down to the money. I have no idea how, but I'd... bet on it.
Ha, the gaming community? Doubtful. (still boycotting Activision myself for MW2... heh, now... what... 6, 8 games later?) Also, if you don't think WG has run these figures &amp; stats through the bean counters a hundred times... all signs point to this being a profitable change for them. (pretty good track record financially so far anyway) It's just really up to the individual. If you'll be happier not playing, awesome. If you're fine with their decision, awesome. I'm probably just not going to play IJN DD's anymore - they've just been "balanced" a bit much for my tastes and apparently my skill level isn't up to that level of "challenge".
Completely agree with all your points. IJN DD line as of late has just gotten too "balanced" for me, and my skill level is apparently not quite up to that level of "challenge". Yup... you damn well can be sure WG bean counters have run the numbers &amp; stats on this and they're going to turn more profit *because* of it. Historically, it looks like their decisions have paid off thus far. &gt;Try it, abuse the hell out of it and show WG how stupid it is. The only real solution aside from just quitting. It's fairly obvious they're slowly transitioning away from the stealth model of gameplay altogether. If you don't like it - adapt or quit. I too will be making this decision (/attempt to adapt). I don't know if I like WoWS enough without the occasional traditional IJN DD stealth line match though. BB's are great sometimes. Cruisers can be fun... sometimes. I love big Russian gun, shit detection, world of smokeships DD's as well every now and then! The stealth really added a nice break and variation to the brawling though (I thought). I do predict that I will definitely be in my Marblehead specifically hunting DD's more often at first though... which was pretty easy before... and now it's going to be easier. Who's to say if seal clubbing DD suckers who keep playing them will make up for the enjoyment of stealth play? Time will tell. It's going to end up a personal decision for all those affected.
Base camping is definitely a valid strategy. Sometimes.
Possibly the players that just don't post on forums re: WoWS. (guessing) Would be interesting to see stats on how many active players are active on any forum. Betting it's a tiny sample.
Do you have stats to back that up? I mean, I completely understand why one would think so, but I just have no solid data to support that. You've got to look at the player base like them - it's sheer numbers. Though, on weekends when that "active players" number reaches tens of thousands... I can say with fair certainty that even a vocal minority here would be vastly outnumbered (financial contributions as a whole included). We won't get any of that data though - ever. Likely a closely guarded WG secret (i.e. - the amount of money a run-o'-the-mill "casual" spends). WG has run these stats &amp; scenarios past their bean counters many times. They are experienced, historically very successful, &amp; not dumb. Their profits will climb by moving away from the stealth DD style of gameplay. Whether we will be part of that... eh, remains to be seen my friend.
Reposting because original is not showing up... Completely agree with all your points. IJN DD line as of late has just gotten too "balanced" for me, and my skill level is apparently not quite up to that level of "challenge". Yup... you damn well can be sure WG bean counters have run the numbers &amp; stats on this and they're going to turn more profit because of it. Historically, it looks like their decisions have paid off thus far. &gt;Try it, abuse the hell out of it and show WG how stupid it is. The only real solution aside from just quitting. It's fairly obvious they're slowly transitioning away from the stealth model of gameplay altogether. If you don't like it - adapt or quit. I too will be making this decision (/attempt to adapt). I don't know if I like WoWS enough without the occasional traditional IJN DD stealth line match though. BB's are great sometimes. Cruisers can be fun... sometimes. I love big Russian gun, shit detection, world of smokeships DD's as well every now and then! The stealth really added a nice break and variation to the brawling though (I thought). I do predict that I will definitely be in my Marblehead specifically hunting DD's more often at first though... which was pretty easy before... and now it's going to be easier. Who's to say if seal clubbing DD suckers who keep playing them will make up for the enjoyment of stealth play? Time will tell. It's going to end up a personal decision for all those affected.
Ha - boom.
If you have any RU DD's or enjoy them at all, may look at those changes coming. (uptiering - definite savings from purchasing lower tier perma-cammo possible)
&gt; You've got plenty of points in here, but they've been responsive to these small segments before. They haven't even made any tweaks to how that skill works at all. Ahhh, but... did those affect profit margins? We will never know as I'm sure the average amount a "casual" (or non-forum poster) spends on this game is a closely guarded WG secret. This slow move away from stealth play that started way back with IJN DD nerfing no doubt comes down ultimately to purely financial reasons. Their bean counters have done these numbers. They are historically very successful and not dumb. This will result in profits. I'd bet on it. This has happened countless times in many games. Still boycotting Activision myself for MW2 implementations... that was, what.... 6... 8 iterations of CoD ago?
I was unaware it was against privacy laws to publish the number of players banned. I believe quite a few games/companies (Valve, Blizzard, Activision, etc.) currently violate these "laws" (by publishing those numbers). I'd seriously doubt I'm "risking my account" by killing a team killer once in my account history. Should they see fit to ban me after reviewing evidence &amp; hearing my case, I'd be more than happy to never play their game again.
You have a point. Dropped in a co-op yesterday to practice CV. The DD's (non-bots) headed straight for our cap &amp; camped. This is not how you DD.
&gt; Cryiser Ha! Do you mean a QQuiser? (/s I play many cruisers)
Step 6. Turn away, dump speed boost &amp; prey to rngesus. (Also may help to prey in smoke re: inc torps)
British. Prepare for World of Smokeships. Not really a fan of the whole smoke mechanics/usage.
Also, off the heels of the fairly lackluster ST: The Movie. Probably a favorite to bomb that year.
oOOOOooo... this makes me want a radarboat!
Personally, I'd probably drop it. Have waited around before to no avail. Actually currently passively waiting (not stopping me from looking for something else meaningful - but kind of hoping ya know.) ymmv!
&gt; DD players that won't cap and instead drive around the cap circle launching torps at unspotted enemies. I definitely cap first &amp; ask questions later, but launching torps at unspotted enemies has netted more than a few kills. Actually apologized to a Minekaze (iirc) yesterday that I one shotted via blind firing upon rolling into the cap (cause I know them feels). (edit: I'll generally only do this rolling into a cap at the beginning of the match - &amp; then it's situational)
This is incorrect. It clearly says on the WoWs page... &gt;If you've researched or purchased any of the ships we're changing, you won't need to research or purchase them again. If you had a T6 Ognevoi, and T7 Kiev pre-split (I have researched &amp; purchased these), you will have a T8 Ognevoi and a T9 Kiev post-split (I will not need to research or purchase them again).
Likely Russian social experiment. (said with thick Russian accent)
I suspect you're absolutely right. Mentioned this in a couple of posts yesterday, but I too think people (here &amp; other forums) are kidding themselves when they think "voting with their money", quitting/boycotting, is going to change something or convince WG to do anything. When you see numbers of people posting here or on the official forum, you're up against tens of thousands of "casuals" (weekend server population numbers) that probably don't even know what RDF is - as well as the folks that DO post that see no problem with it at all (lol). While I have no idea how much all those "casuals" spend on the game, you'd better damn well believe WG does. Their bean counters have probably run these numbers six ways from Sunday and are getting positive financial predictions from the implementation of RDF &amp; the lovely new skill tree. This is not WG's first rodeo. They are not dumb. I fucking hate RDF (&amp; the new skill tree) and may well quit. Only got one match in last night in a DD (additional obligations) after fumbling my way through the new skill tree, but sure enough... "ACTION STATIONS" - then "detected" immediately &amp; subsequently all the way to the cap (&amp; rapidly deleted). Sure, I'm going to give it a solid effort going forward, one match is certainly no measure, and I do often enjoy a CA or BB match now and then. I do fear that flat out shell brawls will not be enough variety to keep me playing in the end though. Quit playing or stop spending because you want to (or are bored - or hate the changes). Don't do it under the illusion that you think it will change anything. Disheartening, I know.
NETFLIX... Stop it. You're embarrassing the big studios &amp; networks. (course... I guess they're kind of both at this point)
Re: depth charges... if historically &amp; functionally accurate, these would do very little damage to surface ships. They're anti-submarine.
Derzki with CE though... mmMMMmm.
Bruh... read these. Slowly. Again. &gt;she basically texted me that she didn't think a relationship would work out... &gt;Basically, I just don't know where to proceed with this. &gt;should I bring this up and tell her again how I fell and try to change her mind? Come on man. Don't be that guy. Move on. I know it's hard, but she's made it abundantly clear that you've been friendzoned. You're young and there's plenty out there. Go play.
So, all of a sudden you're mature, dedicated and not stingy? You're a completely different person in a week? Amazing. I'd advise against contacting her again though. Her previous mindset re: you is probably decided I'm afraid. I'd suggest finding other potential partners who can appreciate the new you.
I... am slow. ;P
Grinding Kag currently. Confirmed. (Also... why am I grinding an IJN DD still? Fixed.)
I love milk, never drink it but eat lots of things that contain it. Veal IS tender and delicious (if cooked right), but don't eat it because I like baby cows lots more than I like the taste of veal. Differing opinions!
I understand your frustration. Much truth in your post. I'm not quite there, with this skill change &amp; RPF though, I fear I'm not far behind you. GG brother. Do what you gotta do! Wish you nothing but the smoothest sea's going forward sailor.
Much more accurate.
Hijack.... TIL Japanese semaphore requires two people and sometimes THREE. wtf. how would you even?
Vice versa. I smile at my dog &amp; she absolutely without a doubt recognizes it (&amp; associated feelings).
Heavy family history - was told 40.
&gt;What has happened to this community? Don't be so dramatic. If this happens to you often, you're probably playing a bit too conservative. If it doesn't, it was probably just an angry player. I'd hazard all BB's get this now and then (I sure have).
No. Have never been "thrown" from a game.
Wow. Asshats gonna asshat. Will say, it's rare (even as a DD driver mainly) that I release torps that can in *any* way be intercepted by allies.
&gt; if you never fire torpedos that have even the slightest chance of hitting allies then you will never fire torpedos at all in this game. That's a pretty heavy exaggeration. Given ranges, angles, &amp; speeds... I do quite well never firing torps that have a chance of hitting an ally. If you're firing torps halfway across the map that could "possibly" end up hitting an ally... you're doing it wrong.
This is not hard. Why is this so hard? Been DD main-ing for quite a while. Torped a friendly long ago &amp; vowed to be more careful. Haven't torped one since because I don't fire into anywhere a friendly could possibly end up. Those folks saying "OH UH... you'd nver get to fire torpz if you didn't shoot towardz friendliez once in a while!!1!"... horse shit. Sure, I've had some close calls that served to reel back in my torp safety practices, but it's not fucking rocket science?! They're gigantic dumb bombs in the water with props on them! You've gotta be *reeeally* careful with gigantic dumb bombs in the water with props on them!!
Man here. No. This would be uncomfortable as fuck. Balls prefer freedom.
Two PC's. One player is gunner, one pilot.
HEY-O!!! *rimshot
My clubber of choice re: seals. With CE &amp; camo, that detection drops to 5.3km. Hilarious. Her guns are nothing to sneeze at either.
To some captains...
Dunno if it works for OLED's, but working for an A/V rental company in the past - if we got a plasma back with burn-in (often corporate logo's), we'd just run white noise (a.k.a. static) through them for a while (sometimes days). Clears it right up usually.
&gt; 8 torp hits in my Kagero I... I don't believe you. If you'd have said 4 or 5... I'd be equally amazed and believe you. ;P
&gt; slow and expensive process Oh man, I can imagine.
Ugh. Bummer. Yeah, I imagine with ships this size it's a constant battle to keep them together.
&gt;I really doubt that having a tier 7, when the patch drops you will given the tier 9 just cause it's the same name. You'll probably just get the replacement tier 7. Absolutely false. They're being up-tiered. I don't know why this is so hard to understand. Official statement on the website... &gt;If you've researched or purchased any of the ships we're changing, you won't need to research or purchase them again. I have researched &amp; purchased the Kiev and Ognevoi... after the patch, I will have the Kiev and Ognevoi! (at their new tiers)
No. The official website clearly states... &gt;If you've researched or purchased any of the ships we're changing, you won't need to research or purchase them again. I have researched and purchased the Kiev and Ognevoi. I will not need to research or purchase them again (regardless of tier).
I use an old Belkin ne52te (similar to the Razer Orbweaver / Tartarus Chroma / Logitech G13) on the left hand. Have mapped ammo changes (HE/AP/torps) to the D-pad on that. Awfully handy. Should map smoke or repair or something to that thumb button now that I think about it. That D-pad is great for FPS's as well (mapping stuff, not movement). Highly recommend if you're a big KB/mouse player (&amp; have the space on your desktop).
No point in arguing. That's literally what it says. [https://worldofwarships.com/en/news/common/how-ru-dd/](https://worldofwarships.com/en/news/common/how-ru-dd/)
Yup. If they move to "optimized for mobile" type layout (i.e. roughly half my widescreen used for main text content). I'm afraid I'll have to opt out. Have stopped visiting quite a few popular sites due to this design decision.
Do you have a source for that T7 ship (same tier replacement) in addition to the up-tiered Kiev? I didn't gather that from what's currently posted.
So, no source. Nowhere have they said you'll be getting extra ships. The IJN split was a down tier. It made sense to compensate players for their lost tiers with new ships. We're not losing tiers here. I'll be quite satisfied basically skipping four tiers (since I have the Og &amp; Kiev).
As opposed to... pre-container times?
&gt;If you've researched or purchased any of the ships we're changing, you won't need to research or purchase them again. Verbatim. No room for misinterpretation really. I have researched &amp; purchased an Ognevoi. I will not need to research or purchase it again.
Heh, yeah? American here... be thankful you aren't *here*. I imagine it's magnitudes worse here. (&amp; yes, we're also sick of it)
Why is it appalling? I believe it's fairly rare for an 8 year long relationship to simply end with ghosting.
Makes sense. I do recall some of the Waterworld press. Also quite enjoyed that one!
Why so angry?
Quote Groucho Marx... &gt;I don't want to belong to any club that will accept people like me as a member!
Older, previously overly-sensitive guy here (but still sensitive-ish). I think you've hit it on the head there - empathy, overthinking &amp; insecurity. Used to have those in spades. Good news / bad news. Bad news... a lot of this may just be who you are. I never did try counseling, but think I kind of self taught myself to live with (&amp; love) myself. Good news... for me at least, life experiences (much socialization) and time definitely desensitized me to (mostly?) seemingly normal levels. Not only am I much less sensitive than I used to be (or maybe I can just control it better? it's not even conscious level control though), but I recognize when I'm "tripping out" on things I shouldn't be &amp; just mentally tell myself that there's no reason to do such. I'd definitely give the counseling a go if possible. From my experience though, it'll gradually fade into something much more manageable regardless over time.
Sort of... (at least not when the song was written...) via wiki... &gt;The "G6" in the song "Booty Bounce", which was sampled in "Like a G6", came about when the songs' producers, the Cataracs, were looking for a rhyme for the line "Sippin' sizzurp in my ride, like Three 6", a reference to the 2000 song "Sippin' on Some Syrup" by rap group Three 6 Mafia. They settled on "G6", meant to be a reference to the private airplane model Gulfstream IV, referred to as a "G4". The G4 had been name-checked in songs such as Drake's 2009 "Forever". A G6, they decided, was "flyer than a G4", according to Far East Movement member Kev Nish. The song has been incorrectly speculated to be about other things, including the Pontiac G6 and the Suunto G6 watch. When the song came out, the Gulfstream G650 model already existed, although the song's writers were not aware of this at the time. Since then, the Gulfstream G600 has also been announced. (G600 has since had it's maiden flight December 17, 2016)
Good grief. 2k games under my belt &amp; didn't know this (not that I've been using premium consumables). This must be why I'm loaded (w/silver).
Ah. Great. Thanks.
Could. They changed it for the PTS apparently.
Wow. Knew that was George C. Scott almost instantly.
Over 2k kills &amp; never reported or banned to my knowledge.
&gt;The ARP missions give 4 Myoukous Well ex*cyous* me!! (/s)
Yeah, agree. Too many I don't play already. No motivation really to add this one. I don't go bonkers over skins like some though.
...and no picture of the falcon in the passport. OR name!? Lame. Mega lame. If there's zero chance of me hearing "are you here on business or pleasure Mr. Birdy McFalconface", forget it.
RIP /u/Manqazwsx1. We hardly knew ye.
This online petition was clearly hacked by the Russians.
lol - guilty pleasure that one.
Ha, also... &gt;Han First Shot All the SW jokes this guy.
Whoa. Amy Adams, Emma Stone &amp; Natalie Portman at the same table? I hate to be that guy... but dayum.
I'm also not a huge fan of the music they've added to the menu (official to the movie or not). I'm just trying to pick a movie/show. I don't need random ear assault every time I go to read another synopsis.
Good question. Wonder if it just comes down to the stubborn studios and/or Amazon etc. trying to cheap out on the studios? It must. Consider the wildly varying movie options on Prime (re: new paid releases not available for free). Suicide Squad was one - you could only purchase the digital version for a while &amp; not rent it. At this point, you can do either. Others have all the options available immediately. Even really old movies... some are available to purchase but not rent (&amp; not viewable for free via Prime). Weird.
While I've been slapped a couple of times (whatevs), that in conjunction with the threatening to kill herself etc. is a get out of Dodge &amp; do not bother passing "Go" to collect your $200 situation sir. gtfo. Post haste.
Ha, case &amp; point... was listening to NPR on the way to lunch, they're reporting on the million people that signed "the petition to keep Trump out of the UK". Apparently there's a whole other petition aside from the one to keep him from meeting the queen?! (/s - there's not)
Guy here. This txt chit chat when you haven't even met in person also seems weird to me. (for your sanity)
Yeah, maybe not Valentines. Generally a wreck everywhere you go that night anyway.
Have you considered a "room divider" type shelving unit? [example](http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/70301537/) Bonus - it holds stuff. (in my situation on the back wall - perfect height with projector on top to shoot just below the ceiling fan &amp; also holds rear speakers at the right height!)
I'd start by using your receiver to switch your sources. (BD &amp; Cable box out's -&gt; Receiver HDMI In -&gt; Receiver HDMI out -&gt; TV) Rumble from sub - could be lots. Make sure you have a single RCA cable going from "sub pre-out" on the receiver to the "left / lfe in" of the sub. This all from instruction manuals btw.
Totally. Why not save that for the date imo. Plus, I think you could totally get the wrong impression of somebody from simple txt's if you haven't even met. There's just no context!
&gt;Just a flooding buff? Perhaps you missed the part where tiers 8-10 US cruisers got a decent rate of fire increase? (as in, pretty much another DD nerf)
I'd just grab an SSD tbh. 120gb can be had for $50.
Wtf was happening last night?! 7 losses in a row. 3 kills in at least 3 of those games. All tiers. Not playing tonight because I value my monitor &amp; other breakables in there. Almost went full Kylo Ren on that room.
Lots of later success for some of the Goonies - Josh Brolin, Corey Feldman, Sean Astin.
Dude. Chill the fuck out. Maybe you need some other friends. You seem quite obsessive re: this particular friend.
&gt; I know what Im doing. lol - yeeeah... taking a break myself for a bit (at least tonight). Elaborated a bit on my illustrious evening [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/WorldOfWarships/comments/5r3vm8/im_having_a_serious_problem/dd5d3la/). Worse than any weekend potato-fest in memory.
Wow. Both looking pretty great for those ages. Not a grey on Mr. Wayne - guess men colored their hair back then as well?
We have a winner!
lol - I'd forgotten about that! What the actual fuck? "One man's trash..." I guess!
Dare I ask the locale of this studious fieldwork?
Older guy here... hint: "RADIOACTIVE.... radioactive...." ([eg.](https://youtu.be/ktvTqknDobU?t=1m33s))
If I hear Radioactive one more damn time...
Heh, I don't know what I expected, but yep! Sounds about right!
Ha - probably is.
Yep! You're absolutely right. Have a great day! :)
YUP.
Yup. Also funny... was listening to NPR this morning actually &amp; John Kerry (original signer of the Paris accord,) who literally said... "This is a standard that each country set for itself. No other country placed the burden on the United States or holds us accountable..." THEN he said... "This is an unprecedented forfeiture of American leadership which will cost us influence, cost us jobs, and invite other countries to walk away from solving humanity's most existential crisis." I felt a little bit drunk after hearing that. Like... lol wait... wha?
I'm pretty sure OP means directly after the ending. Something that renders you speechless for a few seconds or a minute as the end credits start rolling. Sure you wanna talk about it, but you're so emotionally wrecked / surprised you can't say anything.
Unmentioned thus far... Michael Clayton. [Follow up cab ride with no dialogue... fucking genius.](#spoiler)
Heh, stuck in my head too. It's TOOO stringy/gooey for PB. Something NOT right with those things.
So... for $30... seems like if she could print something out, then magnify &amp; project it with one of those... that'd be the way to go rather than something that connects to a computer directly (likely WAY more expensive.)
I probably should've gotten a handsome commission from Monoprice for all the business I sent their direction back in the early 2000's.
Genius. Even as a kid, I remember how much they blew up back then specifically due to that movie.
&gt; This is literally only proving to him that industry can do with less regulation. Oh no!! (?) Good God... let's hope taxes aren't next on his list!!
Ah thanks! Did not know that! Will turn on all my (practically) ineffective AA now! ;P
Diploma's for *everybody*!!! Wheee!!!
Displaying normal rebellious behavior... gets lobotomy. Kennedy is a hell of a drug.
&gt; a future that they have cherished. Wat? That's like me cherishing retirement... but... I can't. Cause I'm not retired.
I was about to say "it's an aircraft carrier?! they could just use the deck to take off!?" - but apparently the Reaper/Predators do need roughly 2k ft to take off (with the Ford length being just over 1k ft). So wow. Rocket assisted takeoff maybe? :D With the EM cats though, I believe the whole (/main) reason for the transition was mostly mechanical. They will require a metric shit ton less maintenance from my understanding.
I have no idea why you were downvoted. This is true in all virtually all work environments. It's like sales execs attempting tech speak (that weren't previously techs). They're gonna have a bad time.
Big pic of the top half via [wiki](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b2/USS_Gerald_R._Ford_%28CVN-78%29_underway_on_8_April_2017.JPG). Wonder what those barrel looking things are toward the back? Also, that (comms?) mast on the starboard side near the bow... seems like an odd design choice no?
Ha - have heard similar wisdom re: male's... "You can be bald or you can be fat, but you can't be bald &amp; fat."
Bipartisan agreement across the board.
pfft. Trash projector. (/s) Can even pick one up at [Wal-Mart](https://www.walmart.com/ip/DLA-RS4500K-Native-4K-D-ILA-Projector/529142296) these days. (comically... not /s)
Heh, guess your HDMI board still works? (this was a widespread issue a while back that they famously ignored - &amp; continued to sell - for quite a while - assuming it was remedied)
It was headline news nonetheless.
Nice commentary! Am generally pretty annoyed by it (other folks).
You're a little low buddy, pull up. Pull up Cougar.
If that horses name isn't Spirit...
I'd imagine WoWs is *preettty* far down the list on the prosecutors desk.
Rly? Nobody calling "fake" on this one? My skepticism meter is off the charts.
&gt; Maybe an upstart movie theater can come along and promise REAL starting times I would frequent this theater.
I remember being pleasantly surprised upon viewing. Need to rewatch.
I imagine there's a motion sensor before entering the restaurant/bar to activate the staff.
I thought the pool scene was great as well... *but*.... to be honest, it was the one scene I had the biggest gripe with. I would think moving through zero g water would be exactly the same as moving through 1g water. (cause gravity has almost nothing to do with how we traverse through water - aside from orientation) There would probably be some disorientation, but when you saw the closest surface, you could swim straight toward it (&amp; probably shoot out like a lethargic dolphin.) (minor technical gripe, quite enjoyed the flick as well)
&gt; It's an actual PROVEN **fact** that TDKR sucks major ass and that the ending is bullshit. That word... I don't think it means what you think it means.
*made-for-streaming
Ha, yup. Wore that beta tape to tatters. Apparently loved Hal Needham flicks as a kid (Megaforce, Smokey &amp; Bandit's, Cannonball Run's, etc.)
Ehhhhh.... I dunno. I don't think surface tension is *that* strong. Meh, just sad I can't test any of these theories. ;P
A bit late... but if you haven't already, I'd wait for their full review, as painful as I know that will be. (unless dropping $2k on a projector is not a major financial investment to you) (even as a 5030 owner for almost 3 years myself who couldn't be happier with that purchase)
Good point. I remember Pratt's character basically contracting out the rest of his (working) life in trade to afford that trip. Planetary (/corporate) ownership maybe? Mineral rights etc?
&gt; obsolete I disagree. Strictly from a marketing standpoint. "All new" consoles are a gold mine. Do agree with mid-life upgrades though. Good excuse to sell more consoles (no idea on effectiveness/profitability).
Boom. They're missing out on a porn only streaming box somewhere in here...
Good eye. Yup. Bad seal in there maybe &amp; nasty left over milk stuff leaking out. Believe that's the valve that would slide inward a bit to open the tap. Bacteria fun house!! (no idea if the inside contents would be affected at all)
&gt; 1 - on - one triggered
There's really no telling. It's just a punk ass kid. Plenty do that rebellious thing regardless of teaching/parenting. My parents were practically flawless imo. I still did some stupid shit back in the day. Heh, course, not that we had it, but I wasn't stupid (/disrespectful) enough to plaster it up on social media.
&gt; they still require the same reasonable suspicion as any other plate to initate a stop and detention. HAHAAAHAHA!!! Good one!
Ain't nut'n po 'bout dat boy!! ;D
GW Fins. Lobster dumplings appetizer, blackened swordfish entree, salty malty ice cream pie for dessert.
So... like... you want me to watch a 9 minute video to understand your point or laugh? Is there any particular point in that video relating to your comment? Or, you just want me to go ahead &amp; burn that whole 9 minutes for a laugh?
To answer your first question, anybody can! Becomes an option when the season starts.
Ha!! Still proudly boycotting Activision/CoD! :D Those fuckers were weak.
&gt; a Kiew Gesundheit!
Classic for sure. *Cult* classic? Eh... no.
Uh... Mick Jagger?!! Ok.. maybe not.. but it's fun to see him in a role.
*Cult* classic? It was quite popular. Debut'd at #1 at the box office. Assuredly not "shunned by the mainstream".
I think Admiral Ackbar has some advice for you... I would not reply.
Seems like QUITE the reasonable arrangement for being a stay at home mom. Plus, you're making almost double what you'd be making at your day job? I mean, by all means, stir up that pot if YOU think it's "unfair". I'd promptly ignore your friend if I were you.
Which facts debunk it? (seriously - have no idea - am ignorant)
Ugh... you had ONE job!! ONE!!
I'd say so. If you can't beat 'em, join 'em! (or, fix 'em!)
&gt; the woman who let's her kids run riot at a restaurant Yeeeeeah... seen *many* more examples of this than the "rich prick" types.
This would be acceptable.
That's one study on 4 guys (/one type of ejection seat), and then 3/4 of them returned to flying duties. So... all four survived... and only 1/4 even retired...
Heh, yeah, did a Google search to be sure of the name of it... that was one of the first things that popped up. No idea. Do actually have mine bound to an easy to reach key though, as I don't use it ALL the time. (super frequent though for sure)
&gt; has admitted to stealing it and refuses to return it Not a lawyer, but I imagine there's a well established precedent for finding a stray dog, taking care of it for an extended period, then finding out it previously belonged to someone else. (i.e. - not legally "stolen") It sounds super duper mega shitty in this case... but I'd bet she's within her rights to keep it at this point. Probably fall under property law. (again... no experience myself)
Yeeeeah... good point. Eh, couldn't hurt his chances. She may have just been having a bad day or something. Letter might put some additional emotional weight behind it that may have been ignored or lost on the phone.
&gt; show Dany lol
I hate negotiations. They get *every*where.
That's an ad campaign that could write itself.
&gt; just gross sugary syrup with no real substance to it... pfft... ye have little vision. Throw a little carbonated water in there?... billions.
Ha - given the preference of IS to saw off hostages heads with dull knives, or.. you know... blow up as many fucking civilians as possible pretty much anywhere they can... I'd donate a buck or two to that statue.
Named after a hot dog! You poor man!
&gt; Even though she didn't financially contribute.... It seems a little selfish to me that you want to be entitled to all of it. Huh? He / his family paid for the house? Of course he's (his family) entitled to it!? He'll literally have the title in HIS name?!
Fuck. I was sure you were gone by now. I've got to get some affairs to get in order, but will PM you later. :(
&gt; Actually, no one gives a crap about your truck. If they do, they aren't your friends. I'll go a bit further here... I'm pretty sure you really have done something wrong in life if you don't have a friend with a truck.
That's why he has to hold BOTH the candles... otherwise... (✖╭╮✖)
Oh man, those poor guys @ 1:05. Seconds away from slitting their wrists. "...and of course... Goop devotees." Ha! edit: whoa... 1:30... "well, we're having collagen martini's laterrrr... as one does...."
Highly doubtful. Divorced spouses (no income) are generally awarded spousal support / alimony from the bread winner to continue their previous "standard of living". If she contributed significantly to any improvements to the house, I'm sure she'd be compensated for her part in those (assuming competent lawyer / judge &amp; not super ugly divorce).
Heh, good luck finding a shelter with any room (in the south anyway).
Hoping they're pursuing neglect/abuse charges?
Hella baked... your life saved via awesome humans... same diff.
Indeed. I find it odd that humans can care about how some stranger perceives them, &amp; in fact put that above the life of a dog/cat.
I can actually assume how that logic went. It's not that he thinks he's ready, it's that he's genuinely curious if he's going to be much better in a much more advanced ship. Bigger / more guns = being much better. I'd seriously doubt that him ever being "ready" ever entered into the equation. fwiw... witnessed a Tirpitz ask what "epicenter" was in a match last night.
&gt; the use of the words "colluded" and "obstructed" against other people. You alright!? I learned it from watching YOU!
&gt; Kids don't know better and should NEVER be left without supervision around ~~big or small dogs alike~~ fucking anything. ftfy
Oh jeezus... the acid... wtf. I'd forgotten about that after decades of trying to.
Damn. You totally just dumped OP.
&gt;His whole body flashed red and his eyes rolled back in his head and he was screaming... This is the exact point where **I** would've demanded to get off the plane. (or demanded a priest)
I was literally only asking if anybody else was experiencing it. It hasn't happened to me so frequently before and just thought I'd ask. I'm not on some crusade to start a fucking revolt here or anything. Just trying to get a consensus &amp; possibly confirm that my experience was a fluke (or vice versa). &gt;People notice the matches that end early because that is what they're looking for.... This makes zero sense. I'm playing a game. If a match ends early... it's kind of really obvious?
The skill of that nonchalant drop is reeeeeally suspicious though. The dude RIGHT behind her who stepped in it had zero warning. I suspect it takes a fair amount of training to ninja poo like that.
Nah, southerner here, still plenty down here.
Person above seemed to have good luck with [this](https://www.amazon.com/Vastar-Drain-Snake-Remover-Cleaning/dp/B01DP87IF8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1498665195&amp;sr=8-1-spons&amp;keywords=clog+remover&amp;psc=1) type of little plastic auger/snake (assuming possible hair clog). Course they're only 20".
They do look like a niche solution to a potentially much harder problem to solve. Meh, at $6, maybe worth a go vs. calling a plumber.
That's some serious engineering skill for 1900 years ago.
Actually on the ship carousel filter now, must be quite soon. (or has that been there a while &amp; I just noticed)
&gt; no T8 ship to bully you Oh my. I often forget that tidbit when ranked is coming up. Shooting gallery indeed. I love that boat.
You do realize you are literally a Redditor and whining right?
I... I did? Sincere apologies that I didn't make it more obvious. Not sure brigading for a ban was really called for though.
I'm don't but right smoke high now.
YUP. Acceptable substitute... magnolia blossom.
Heh, if they didn't get the pitch of this script (or at least the casting choices) to the studio execs on film, they have done a great disservice to mankind. "Wait... what now?"
Haven't checked out the script, but I was hoping for so much more from Prometheus. Was envisioning an epic space opera devoid of humans (&amp; English) altogether centered around the space jockey. Was *juuuuust* a bit let down.
Ah no worries! Can understand how they stick out for sure.
I agree. The prey drive instinct kicks in sometimes when you run, probably best to back away verrrrry slowly.
Whoa... sounds like you've both got a lot of work to do on yourselves before you should attempt an adult relationship.
I have some flaky friends (I think everybody does). Have decided that if they show up, it's simply a bonus. I literally don't plan things that I wouldn't continue to do by myself happily. In the future, if you wouldn't be happy at this show by yourself, just don't plan on going. Alternatively, stop inviting this particular friend to do anything.
While I like this lifting idea, if I'm going to that much trouble... I'm going submersible. Boom.
&gt; blows the Epson out of the water This seems pretty sensationalist compared to the reviews I've read.
Horrible &amp; depressing at first. Then you start noticing the little advantages. Then you learn to make the most out of the advantages! Then you're king of the world! Then you probably start dating again! (in which... lol... the timeline closely resembles the one I just described)
Just chiming in here... that is absolutely not ghosting. He's literally leaving you no choice here. By responding at all, he's perceiving it as encouragement.
