because hes got so many bitches on lock
Whenever I start to feel that my weight is holding me back, [I look at this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4qagwtthNI) and ask myself, what's my excuse? Your weight will only hold you back as much as you let it, and it'll be gone soon if you skate every day anyway!
Where I live, the blank decks are half the price of printed ones. But you have to go to a local shop and buy their shop stamped decks; if you go online you'll pay a lot more.
Love your videos dude, and this trick is absolute bonkers.
So to me, this kind of sucks. I'll wait until the full release to judge it, but this trailer has all the makings of a political force feeding, with skateboarding as the spoon. If it's about the people, it might be an admirable pursuit. If it's about the politics, it's going to be disgusting.
I make my room cold, but have lots of blankets. As my body warms up under the covers, it sends me to sleep.
1. It's fine. 2. [Here's your list.](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) 3. Look for quality wood. There's not really much else you can look out for, so just check that it's made from Canadian maple or similar. Any name brand board should do just fine.
Dark Souls 2 speed run
&gt;can i go smaller to like an 8" Do you mean board or truck size?
So in other words, he wins.
You can. The axle will stick out a quarter of an inch - not that big a deal. I wouldn't really worry about it, you'll probably end up sticking with 8.25 anyway
Is there any explanation for why the Dark One is present so strongly at Shayol Ghul?
Bring back weapon scabbards!
There is a certain maneuvre when riding that I never knew existed until I saw someone do it; if you push down on your tail, and jump ever so slightly, you can push your board forward whilst taking almost all of your weight off of it. Using this technique, you can go over big cracks, small curbs, debris like sticks and pebbles, even stuff like metal grates and those bumps they put on the curbside to help blind people. Learning this skill propells your ability and confidence in cruising the streets, and it is a good level to aim for in regards to your question.
1090 burger is the only thing that makes northcote worth visiting
Learning this truth has only caused me pain.
Wow thanks, but you're only saying that because you haven't seen my kickflip attempts :) The board is a MiniGreen, it's 21" long and 6" wide at its widest point. It's a lot of fun!
I hate this so much
That kind of a setup would be well over OP's budget I think.
Aspergers afflicted 20 something checking in. Fuck the police.
Check out /r/NewSkaters
The Wire, and the first scene. Poor snot boogie
Yeps, it's good. Good board size, Zero makes alright decks. The trucks/bearings aren't the best but that's always the case with completes. This should sort you out good as a starter setup.
The capacity for an uprising that will sweep the nation is the precise reason that the second amendment exists. It's so that the people of America will always have the ability to overcome their government if they need to, because that is the way that America was created in the first place.
Mission Impossible did a pretty good train roof fight scene, in regards to realism.
&gt;Would thunder trucks be a decent investment? Yeps. It really depends on what trucks you're currently riding as to how noticeable the difference will be, but Thunders are great.
I wasn't a fan of the cop car ollie, but a car like this I don't mind. People who buy cars like that have too much money, and would be insured up the ass anyway. Who cares?
Frontside or backside?
Although, you are thinking about sex. It just has nothing to do with adjusting your balls.
This made me laugh and be depressed in equal measure.
Do all your tricks Nollie!
Why did you choose the first one? Usually DKC2 is regarded as the best in the series.
Looks like a fakie 180 varial boneless. Or a bigspin boneless if you prefer.
My absolute favourite kind of skating is the kind that looks like it's done casually, like who put a shopping cart here? Oh well, might as well do a gigantic bigspin over it while I'm on my way down to the shops to grab a chocolate milk. It's just the ultimate skateboarding fantasy, to be that casually good. Makes me hard every time.
I know, but like a good movie you have to suspend your disbelief a little to get the most enjoyment out of it :)
Goon bag and kitchen floor
I quite like the style of gameplay that came from using a shield. Rolling is all about twitch reflexes, whereas using a shield is a much more strategic, methodical way of fighting. Stamina management is key. A lot of shield haters give the impression that you can just hold up a shield and block everything, but to have enough stamina to strike you need to bring your shield up only at the right time, and only just long enough to absorb the blow. Blocking a boss also often stops their combo, which leaves you with a far smaller window in which to strike, they have a lot more recovery frames after finishing a combo. It's a shame that the DLC bosses were unblockable, it killed the shield playstyle
Do you like the movie *Heat*?
He should have held off for a month so he could still get some presents
Yes. Almost all of them.
I'd say that the same thing does apply to blue smelty. Smelty was supposed to be the big mistake of a king that pushed his power too far, and his downfall. Now apparently he already had one already made (and a stronger one no less)? Blue Smelty really cheapens normal smelty's place in the lore in my opinion. Just like the covetous, it turns him from being a character to just being an enemy.
There really isn't any trick to getting summoned. Even putting your sign down repeatedly has not been proven to work better than just leaving it down. You just have to be picked from the pool of players when the Mirror Knight does his thing. There's just a lot of RNG involved.
Just sell it as a replica prop, people have been selling replica lightsabers for years, and Lucasfilm was one of the most litigious companies ever.
I just wanted to mention a combo; Faraam Leggings and Throne Watcher chest armor. The perfect outfit base for any wandering white knight.
That does not look right at all. Something has definitely gone wrong with your wheels I think. I have never seen anything like this, they appear to have melted.
If it was, it would be an x-post, not a repost. Not everyone who browses here follows /r/skateboarding. The video's educational value is very dubious though.
^ this Don't worry about your shoe size or anything, it has nothing to do with it. Just get an 8, then after you've beaten it up you'll know whether you want to go bigger or smaller.
One thing I learnt that I haven't heard many places, is when skating and you come across a crack or a bump or something that you think you might get caught up on, lift your front trucks over it and then just jump slightly with your back foot. Nowhere near the coordination needed for an ollie, and you will almost never get hung up even on big cracks and steps, because your weight is forward of the obstacle and you are pulling your board over it. You're far more likely to eat the floor if you try and hit it with your front wheels first, as it will act as a fulcrum point for all of your weight. It's possible to go up curbs like this, so if you aren't great at ollies yet you can still skate around the streets without having to constantly get off your board.
What a bizarre story.
Here's the deal with almost every complete ever: The deck will be good. Enjoi and Almost are good brands, professional grade, no problem. This is where most of the quality is in a complete, as this is what people who are looking to buy will see first. The wheels will be fine as well. Wheels are easy to make, and there isn't much that can go wrong. [Unless you are really unlucky](http://www.reddit.com/r/NewSkaters/comments/39q1ru/one_of_my_bearings_became_extremely_loose_while/). The bearings and trucks will most likely be of mediocre quality, as these are the parts where it is easiest for the company to cut costs. This is just the way that completes work; it's the reason they are so cheap. When it all boils down though, the quality is a relative thing, and any name brand complete you get will do fine. I'm sure that either of the two completes you linked will be good for learning on.
He sounds exactly like Larry David's Steinbrenner impression from Seinfeld
The red balls are worth one point, and the coloured balls are worth between 2-8 points depending on which colour it is. The black ball is worth 8 points, so for a maximum score you have to only pot the black ball when given the chance.
Ruin Sentinels probably. Funnily enough, it was the fight I had the most trouble with on my first playthrough, but now I just stroll my way around their attacks, and toy with them.
Why did you post this in /r/newskaters?
*takes dildo back to shop for a refund* Sir, we don't allow refunds on items like that. *is out $30* That is one cent per point of karma - success!
Okay.... if you were the referee, would you have ruled that a goal?
Yesterday I was in a car with some people who did this kind of thing when they were younger, they all agreed that they just love to hear the sound of breaking glass. I suppose any kind of anti establishmentarianist acts produce fear and adrenaline, which is a desired state of mind for your average adolescent.
It seems like you have the general idea. How I look at it, is if I imagine I'm just rolling my board at something (without being on it), how would it react to bumps and cracks? It would usually just bounce over them - so when I come up to a crack whilst riding, I push my board forward and jump just enough to take all of my weight off the board. That way it reacts as I would expect it to, and I just have to guide it over obstacles. For bigger cracks and curbs, raise your front truck well over the obstacle before hopping, that way any hang ups have to fight your whole body weight to get stuck.
Everything prior to the trailer was just rumor, so of course people are hype to know that it is actually coming out. Plus the PC release confirmation is a big deal.
I think you might have messed your link up :)
A good rule of thumb is to immediately dismiss anything you read in a youtube comments section.
Pretty good. The only ones I disagree with are Mat, Perrin and Bryne. Galad is perfect.
Which recreational activity is worth getting excited about, if not games?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaQJj1BQUiU Relevant.
I wouldn't say it's an acquired taste. The only people who don't like vegemite are the ones who don't put the right amount on. You could say the same for soy sauce, or pepper, or any kind of strongly flavoured condiment. The difference is that if you put a shitload of vegemite on, continued eating of said portion will not make the flavour more palatable. If you only put a touch on, no one who appreciates salt will dislike it.
tl;dr
&gt;QTEs Fuck shenmue
I would have put BANG, BANG BANG BANG, and CLICK
The back foot thing isn't really relevant to your problem, as your board isn't coming up to meet it anyway. Yeah it's important and needs to be worked on, but it isn't the immediate problem here. What you need to do is focus on dragging your front foot all the way up to the very tip of your nose, and pushing forward. And all the way to the tip means exactly that; to the very edge of the nose. Don't worry about going over the front; you most likely couldn't do it if you tried at this point, so really exaggerate how far up you are dragging your foot. Hitting the nose is what brings the tail up and levels you out - since you're ollies are going rocket, this is where the issue lies. Also, you are going really fast in that clip - practicing it whilst going just a bit slower will probably help you out.
Skate park editor that doesn't fall apart frame rate wise? Please let it be so
Just like Vegemite, soy sauce has a very salty flavor that can be overpowering if too much is used.
You should watch the Penn and Teller Bullshit episode called Sleep, inc. You might change your outlook on mattresses.
Peter Dinklage was completely wrong for the role... thank fuck
Use my toenail clippings to clean my teeth
I remember me and my sister finding an old purse in our mum's room that contained about 7 or 8 fake IDs, with her face on them but different names. No idea what that was about.
It's easier to get into. The start of DS1 is super frustrating for new players, and gets easier as the game moves along. DS2 is kind of the opposite. I'd say that DS1 is definitely the more difficult game, and I played DS2 first. That being said, champions covenant dual cats on ng+6 is way harder than anything that exists in DS1.
Is that pink grip, or is that the wood? Doesn't it suck having the tip of the nose and tail gripless? EDIT: nevermind, I can see that it's just pink colored grip. Looks rad! What size deck were you on before?
Which cliche deck did you get? I just ordered a [Vem Villemin typewriter](http://skateparkoftampa.com/spot/productimages/colors/1_66289.jpg), can't wait for it to arrive.
Yeah, you'll notice a big difference when you try to go further off the nose. Your back foot will start to do all the catching and eventually it'll end up [looking like this](http://gfycat.com/HonorableJointBordercollie)!
The worst example of this for me was [NetStorm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetStorm:_Islands_At_War). Thought I had the game sussed out, you build bridges strategically and counter your enemy's buildings. Then I played my first multiplayer match... and my opponent was so quick at building bridges that he managed to completely encircle mine and cut me off from building anything at all. It was a slaughter.
You should check out Eric Clapton's cover of [I Shot the Sheriff from his Hyde Park show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Iugs4pSpgY). It's not exactly like the structure of your two examples, but to me it gives the same kind of feeling as I get from Free Bird; a very relaxed main song, with an intense guitar solo.
I remember anthony mapstone from back in the xen/psc days. Really great guy.
Was that eric koston making a guest appearance?
They all just expected an offside ruling and were waiting for it. The fools!
How is this so far down? I think that this is the only movie where I was almost certain I had it sussed out, until the end scene where I then realised I had no fucking idea what was really going on.
That dog's eyes are so creepy
This is truly amazing; your reddit post links to an article, that links to a reddit post that includes a photo the original creator took, which is used by the article you linked. This is some complexly interwoven reposting
Not that impressive - it's literally just flying straight. I've seen those Red Bull planes do much more exciting things than this.
Jingle All the Way. It's a pretty fun movie.
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6bZiOjS5d8
It's moreso for the levels than for the bosses. With 5 or 10 estus you had to be really picky about when to heal up as you were progressing through an area; if you had 20 you just chugged after every hit.
I think that the DS2 Estus health regeneration speed was better than DS1. I never liked how estus refilled your health almost instantly. Also, 20 is way too many estus.
No it's not. If he learned to ollie regular, he pops with his right foot. If he skates goofy and pops with his right foot, it's a nollie. You should probably stop correcting people until you work this stuff out :)
I know that everyone is being encouraging, but I think that 202 is a bit overlevelled for a first run. 150 is about right, maybe 180 is pushing it. An extra 20 levels would have made the last few bosses (especially watcher and defender) quite easy. I'm certain you noticed this though, if you're asking the question. Joining the CoC is absolutely what you should do, it will make up for your extra levels and make your next run a lot more fun. This time don't consume all the boss souls, use them to buy weapons!
What city are you in? As for tricks to do, just [go down the list](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) and see what you can still nail, then start at what you can't!
You're calling all the bosses easy, but you were level 200 before Drangleic. Being 200 at the credits might be over levelled, but being 200 at the halfway point certainly is.
Yeah that's certainly true. If you did the DLCs as early as you got the keys, it would certainly pump you up; you would still be over levelled though. What I'm saying is that the end game is tuned for a certain level range, and that 200 is really quite high in comparison to boss health and damage. They were designed to be beaten by someone who has not done the DLCs, after all.
That powerslide was sweet as hell
Check out 1:18, it absolutely looks as bad.
I remember when I was like 9, my mum made me choose between a vet bill for my cat and a nintendo 64. what a bitch
gaping
Well, he rolled into the grass, so that was a flaw.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxHgW_xjhGo&amp;feature=youtu.be We have almost no building knowledge/experience, but it still turned out pretty good. He had the plywood lying around and we got the angle iron from the hardware store for pretty cheap, overall the whole thing cost about AU$20. It's heaps of fun for practising noseslides and boardslides.
Just go really fast and start on the low rail, then ride the kink up! ^^i'm ^^kidding ^^that ^^would ^^be ^^terrifying
'Angle iron' or angle steel. The hardware store that we went to had them precut in 1m or 2m lengths.
Yeah I was thinking that too, there's no way this isn't in Melbourne
Yes it is. It's a repost from 8 months ago. I know it might seem difficult for you to believe, but there might be some people in that 8 months who have not seen it. That is why reddit encourages reposting, and asks others not to complain about it.
Reposts are allowed on reddit. In fact, since it has been so long since the original post, and the OP has not claimed that it is their work, this is the perfect example of how to do a repost right. So maybe brush up on your rediquette?
Your post is the perfect example of why democracy doesn't work. It doesn't matter how right you are; all that matters is how many people agree with you.
People who haven't seen it before get to see it.
this video was so well made
Lows are fine, worst case scenario is you get wheel bite; then just get risers. The more likely scenario is that there will be no real difference.
Bad Santa.
[Hello, I See You!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5WS3OFQrdA) is easily one of my favourite songs, ever. Electric Six are great!
The Kelly passage in Dark Winter by Andy McNab. I still haven't been able to bring myself to read that book again.
Everything looks great; you're not missing anything. Go for it!
Setups made from buying individual pieces will always be better than completes. Completes are cheap because the companies skimp on the bearings and trucks.
Yeah, I had the same impression. I think that it's because the original post was focused on the joke the ducks were having. If the last panel was simply a larger shot of the plane flying normally and the ducks flying upside down (without any expression, they're still just ducks), and the guy inside having a panic attack, the comic would have been a lot more effective. That way, we have the absurdity (ducks flying upside down for no reason) and the stooge (guy freaking out even though the plane obviously is fine to any rational person), but without the force feeding of the punch line. Get rid of the ducks laughing, and this comic would be a lot more palatable.
What a wonderful way to ruin a nice building!
:'( Now I'm getting ptsd flashbacks from my first playthrough.
Awesome man :)
I won't preach all the tips that you've probably seen in a hundred videos, but I will say this: it really helps to over exaggerate all of your movements. Take the height you're jumping, the distance you're sliding your foot towards the nose, and double them. Try to jump to the moon, try to slide your front foot all the way off the board. Over exaggerating your movements will help you realise how much you actually need to move to get the board to perform.
Wouldn't it have been easier to just say, minus pickles minus onion?
There are many kinds of different concrete, try and find a curb that is painted. Some curbs/concrete will just stop you dead no matter what.
Targray's set, but with a bit of a better fit. Targray be draggin dat wagon
Tylee is pretty alright though
It takes about 30 minutes to regrip a board (including disassembly and reassembly). The grip tape will cost under $10. Cleaning grip tape can be both time consuming and labor intensive, and usually doesn't really work that well, so if dirty grip is annoying you it's usually better to just regrip.
I think that your brother's appraisal is fairly accurate. :(
Just peel it up at the nose or tail (it should be ratty there), then once you have enough for a firm grip, stand on the board and pull it up.
Yeah, although after enough practice you just end up running forward. Life's too short to worry about pebbles. Besides, it's never the rock you see that gets you anyway
You're probably being downvoted because this really feels like a clickbait kind of thing.
Now would be the best time for you to read New Spring. Don't wait until after AmoL.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LL_-QG4dfqY
I work with a lot of vietnamese, and I have seen both a Phuc and a Bich, but never a Dat.
I always use my toenail clippings to clean my teeth, the big toe one is always really strong and sharp.
This would be good to do with star wars too; edit it to end as c3p0 listens to the screams from the trash compactor.
Strange that in the casino game *Baccarat*, people tend to bet on runs; if the same result occurs 4 or 5 times in a row, they will keep betting for that result, even though to them it should be the same theory as a coin toss, since there are only two bets (and even though one bet is better, they treat it like 50/50 anyway... until a run occurs). I don't think that I'll ever understand people. Why would they feel compelled to switch sides after 10 heads in a row, but increase their bet after 10 Players in a row?
Well, theoretically you only lose in the long term. If you go to the Casino, put $100 on black and win, and then leave, you have won money. It's not impossible to do so. You would simply have to never return in order to remain ahead...
That is the exact reason why people can still win at a casino. The house always wins not by always beating the individual - that would stop people from returning - but instead by taking a cut of the total *turnover* from the game. They take this cut by using the house edge - rules that make certain that if someone bets on all the options, they will not break even, but lose a little (usually about 5%). Roulette is the simplest example: Person A comes in and bets on black, and wins $10. He then leaves the casino, up $10. The house is now down $10. Person B then comes in and bets on black, but loses his $10. But for the house, all this does is bring the loss back down to $0. Every now and then, however, the ball lands on the green "0" number, and both Red and Black bets lose. This only has a small chance of happening (1 in 37), so overtime the house collects approximately 5% of the total money that comes through the table. The important part, however, is that nothing past what Patron A did has any effect on what he won - which is still $10. So whilst the casino is making money (the house always wins), there are still people who have also won money on their trip to the casino. And that is the ultimate draw of the casino - to try your luck at being Patron A, the one who won.
I think it's misleading to say that the house is always 'winning'. It is making money, but that is not the same thing as winning; just because the house made money does not mean that everyone who went to the casino on that day lost. Also, why do you think that nobody bets on "00"? Do you think that there is some disadvantage to betting on 00, as opposed to say number 17 or 29?
I'm just pointing out that the odds are no worse on 00 than any other number.
I believe that in ToM, one of the Ashaman mentions that his father was able to channel, so his family knew that he would. Not certain though; I'll have a look when I get home. EDIT: I found it, ToM, Ch.10 - page 181. Jur Grady states: *"Well, joining the Black Tower, that was something that needed doing. I knew what was going to happen to me when I was tested. I knew it was in me. It was in my father, you see. We don't talk about it, but it was there. Reds found him young, right after I was born."* A clear link to genetic influence on channeling, although it is anecdotal. Interestingly, the Reds didn't seem to know about the connection, or else they would have taken in interest in Grady earlier. Or perhaps they were just waiting for the Power to manifest properly.
[found the passage](https://www.reddit.com/r/WoT/comments/3zft32/silly_question_on_nynaeve/cymieue)
I can not think of any movie I have seen this in
You are correct about blackjack, but Baccarat works differently. Whilst it is technically a countable game, for all practical purposes counting achieves little. If you were counting cards perfectly - and investing $1000 each time the count was positive - you would be making a whopping 70 cents per hour [(Source)](http://wizardofodds.com/games/baccarat/appendix/2/). You are absolutely correct with your final point, but psychologically the people betting on runs in Baccarat are doing it from a purely intuitive standpoint - ask any serious Baccarat player and they will be more than happy to tell you that you should always 'follow the board' and watch for runs. Trying to get a solid reason for this behavior is almost impossible though, because it is of course a completely flawed thought process. It's interesting that the exact same line of reasoning that causes someone to switch to heads after 10 tails playing coin flip can cause them to stay on Player after 10 wins playing Baccarat.
I'm not certain what the point you are trying to make is?
Looks great, and you'll probably come to appreciate having a bright graphic. It certainly makes flips look better. Enjoy breaking in all the parts on that new setup!
You're thinking about it too much - he was simply humming because that's what LTT does when he sees an attractive woman.
Oh, it's because the house isn't winning individual bets. Saying the house always wins can sometimes imply that the players always lose, which definitely isn't the case. A more accurate phrase would be, "The house always makes a profit from the functions of gambling because that is necessary in order for it to remain an entity, but that does not mean that the house will always beat you.", but that is slightly less catchy. Making money is the definition of winning in gambling, but the house is not gambling.
You must have a strong imagination
Or tighter trucks.
No wait, he wanted to do a line off Charlie's boner didn't he?
No. The carpool lane is there to prevent increased traffic. It's so that instead of their being 2 or 3 cars on the road with 2 or 3 drivers, there is just one car. The corpse would not be capable of driving, and so therefore is not a valid reason to use the carpool lane.
Babies shouldn't count. They only do because mothers vote. I guess corpses might count if it was politically beneficial to let them count, but they shouldn't.
For the specific purpose of the carpool lane, no they shouldn't count either.
How about not letting you travel to or from an area until you've killed the boss? Or maybe making it so that you can travel to any bonfire, but you can only travel *from* certain bonfires, like the ones post bosses or near blacksmiths. That might even encourage skipping some bonfires so that you can bone back to travellable ones.
You could always make your own risers; they're just plastic after all
I agree. It would have been better if he was trying to make a woman's picture in a frame or something, and his subconscious just turned it into a head in a box.
I'd prefer both this and the boggs ep to have charlie without subtitles. The only thing he said that was incomprehensible was 'that's light's on' and Mac said it again anyway.
It's all happening just below the table level, once you realise that then it's a lot less impressive.
You'd go to battle against Elaida's Aes Sedai with Black Ajah at your back?
They can't afford it.
Having to convince my mother that you click "Start" to turn off the computer. "But I don't want to start, I'm finished!"
The levels don't have to be as complex as the main game, they can just work off a template.
That's not necessarily true. Making a game without having to create any new assets or design would be very cheap. It would just be the programming team working on it.
But this isn't modding tools, this is a standalone level creator. It's not the same thing, and heaps of companies have made level creators for their games. It doesn't need to be as in depth as modding tools, which allow you to change the elements of the game, it just needs to be able to move and place objects and assets that already exist and have pre-defined behaviors. I'm not saying that it wouldn't be a significant process to make, but it certainly is not something that would be impossible or even just financially unfeasible; plenty of smaller companies have released perfectly serviceable level creators for their games. Any extra cost in development would be offset by savings made by not needing design, art and creative teams also working on it in full capacity. Whether it would be worth it or not to From simply comes down to how well it will sell vs the cost of making it, and I would hazard that the cost of making it would be much lower than that of producing a standalone title. I don't think you can say that it would definitely be non financial for them.
Not sure what your example has to do with consistency?
Not sure what conclusions you are trying to make here. I guess all of them do have romantic interests, but I'm not sure if that really means anything. The wonder girls are all representative of a new kind of Aes Sedai, ones who aren't afraid to challenge tradition, but then again Egwene, Elayne and Leane are all Greens (or consider themselves such), and Greens marry all the time. If you're saying that there is a connection between taking 'time off' from being Aes Sedai and indulging in romance, then that is true of Siuan and Leane, but of course Egwene, Elayne and Nynaeve would be more predisposed to love, as they never got a chance to be properly indoctrinated in the Aes Sedai. Moiraine knew she would marry before she had her vacation though, so she is an outlier. I think it's really more just a case of each person having individual motivations, I can't see any solid connection between all of them. EDIT: I will say though, that the reunification of the sexes is definitely a theme throughout the later books, and the many marriages are probably a strong part of that.
April March - Laisse Tomber les Filles
Dee is perfect, Mac and Dennis need some work though
Carrot sticks are a bit of a dick move though. *CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH*
Well what you described was pretty much exactly me a year ago, and I'm still in love with skating. Braille and this subreddit were a big part of that. As for reasons not to do it... well, you can get hurt. A friend of mine broke his leg re-learning how to skate, but I personally have been serious injury free since I restarted. Just a lightly sprained ankle, that's it. Not a lot of other downsides really. For the first six months I kept waiting for someone to outwardly judge me on being so old and skating, but it hasn't happened. Now that I'm better at skating, I am absolutely comfortable with telling anyone I meet that I do it; proud even. I also see a lot of older beginners at the skatepark, who probably had the same idea as you and I. People on the street don't care. Get a Revive deck if you want to support that company, but otherwise they are pretty average. I have the Aaron Kyro pro model, and it got pretty ratty pretty quickly. Still performs fine, just a bit soggy. My current deck from www.bakasucks.com is a lot better and has lasted a lot longer. If you're not going to be doing grinds and slides for a while that probably won't apply to you though.
I didn't think so either - but then I did.
What makes you think that American Cheddar isn't 'actual' cheese?
The energy bolts from weapons begin to rapidly lose their energy when fired. Anything but incredibly powerful lasers do not last long in space. For the purposes of attacking craft within visual range, it's fine, but any distance further than that and the bolt will quickly disperse. Even if they didn't, the chances of a bolt from a distant firefight having the exact trajectory and timing to hit you are astronomical (literally), so I wouldn't worry about it.
In the sense that the production of adrenaline is something our body does to increase performance in dire situations, yes it is exactly like an adrenaline rush. The actual biological mechanics of it are not as simple as an extra hormone or chemical though; there is definitely something else going on. Ki is a big part of it.
Turbolasers were the exact reason they needed to travel down the trench. Since any Turbolaser placed within the trench can only fire in a very narrow arc (as to avoid hitting the sides or bottom), that limits the amount of Turbolasers present overall (there is no point placing more than two Turbolasers to cover one arc). As for them missing, that isn't going to happen. They are engineered to stop firing whenever their arc puts them in line of fire to the superstructure. Much like the guns on a modern day UH-1Y Venom helicopter, which stop firing when they turn towards the cockpit.
They did. Droidekas had two sets of twin blasters, firing four bolts in less than a second. The Jedi still found ways to overcome the threat.
The bigger and softer the wheels, the less you have to push. Smaller, harder wheels perform better for tricks.
If they don't have enough button real estate for a decent jump solution, then sheathing weapons ain't gonna be a priority.
Damane. I will always pronounce it dah-maine, because the actual pronunciation sounds too much like Domani.
I agree, same with Taim (tah-eem)
That is the cutest thing I've heard on this sub!
You're thinking of the old Jedi... you know, the ones who were almost completely wiped out because of the way they ostracized those who formed attachments? Luke was not trained the way the original Jedi were.
You are correct; edited.
Lewis Black doesn't look like Lewis Black in film.
Body Harvest on N64. The emptiness of the world, the music, and the counter showing how many people are dying while you are trying to work out the puzzles is just terrifying.
A tryhard is someone who makes up for a lack of skill with a lot more effort. Something like farming a certain weapon for hours because it gives a slight advantage is a try hard act. Dark Souls is kind of a bad game to label try hards in though, because the game is tuned pretty finely. A good example of a try hard is someone who memorizes all the shortcuts in Mario Kart 64 or something.
TIL Palpatine is a wolfbrother
Chairman Mao. I have no idea how anyone can consider him someone to revere.
The Crystal Star is the only book I've read that I felt really captured the essence of Han, Luke and Leia.
Yeah... if you can afford to buy two PS4s then I don't think that you're in the right position to give advice to OP.
Hey Barky, I'm up to part 16 of your playthrough, and it seems like there is a section missing? Shaded ruins, Naajka etc?
Hmm, seems like the gap between 15 and 16 is bigger than that; it's your progress from shaded woods to Brightstone Cove (including meeting Vengarl and the whole Shaded Ruins zone). Maybe I'm just going mad. It's a really great playthrough by the way; watching you has inspired me to playthrough again. I'm watching you on one screen and playing along on the other.
I'm all about twinblades atm. Who cares about getting parried when you can twirl about like a murderous ballerina
Funnily enough, longsword is also my go to weapon for when I need to be at my best.
I distinctly remember her telling Egwene that the alternative to joining was death, or similar.
I have a feeling that this would lead to everyone wanting a shield on their back at all times, without ever using it. You would feel compelled to pump levels into VIT, it would feel like ADP does now.
[Norman Borlaug](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_Borlaug)
I loved it when they were talking to Frank in the restaurant and kept forgetting how long ago 2006 was. Haiti... oh has that not happened? Let me look something up real quick
Dude...
Anakin used it to make fruit float in order to impress a girl. I'd say that's pretty fucking frivolous.
If you are riding fakie, you usually flip the board around as well, so that you still pop off the tail.
But NG+ is the best! You get to go and stomp on all the early bosses that gave you so much trouble before. Nothing beats toying with the Pursuer while he struggles to hit you.
Rand and Asmodean! Either that, or Jesus Rand and Cadsuane, because fuck Cadsuane
I use soul vessels to try new builds, not to fix levelling errors. Don't want to start a new character just to try powestancing chicken drumsticks
They're not meant for a regular skateboard; they're designed for longboards. You'll get hectic wheelbite on a normal deck
She said that after admitting she was wrong and apologising.
The deer speak English, so they wouldn't know that. The joke is still plausible.
Casinos. They're just a business, but everyone thinks it's dodgy scams. The truth is that all the cheating is clearly laid out on the table odds sign; they don't need to be dodgy about it.
Counting cards is exploiting a flaw in how the game is dealt, it is absolutely not a part of the game itself. If you shuffled after each hand that would end card counting but the game remains playable.
Spiders and snakes
Chalice.
Firstly, you need a full set of 8 bearings. Also, what size is that deck? The trucks are for a 7.5" deck (I think - enuff trucks have the worst sizing system), which is on the small side. Also, natural stain is a bit boring isn't it? :P
for a 7.75, i would get 8" trucks. If you get 7.5" trucks you will be fine with a 7.75 board, but if later on down the track you decide to go 8 or higher, you'll have to get new trucks. I personally went from 7.75, to 8, to 8.25 before I was happy with my board size.
People don't usually do that, it's too much work to swap wheels around all the time. Most people either keep two setups (one with small wheels, one with large) or simply just skate whatever wheels they feel are best for what they do the majority of the time.
I always thought it was kind of silly the way Traveling works, with needing to know your current location better than the one you're going to. How the hell can you open a gateway in the correct spot if you have no idea what the land looks like? How can you know how high to place it? How can people open gateways based solely on descriptions of locations?
It makes a lot more sense for it to be Lews Therin's sword (why would Hawkwing have a sword with Dragons on it?), but the details don't add up. Why would LT's sword remind him of Falme? It's also not old enough to be from the Age of Legends.
The site was [Omni Skateboards Australia](http://store.omnisk8.com.au/), and the deck is very good quality. It has three layers of stained wood, it's pretty much the same standard that all the regular distribution companies. I haven't skated it yet though.
Yeah, 7 ply, 3 of which are stained. I just mentioned it because in my experience, cheaply manufactured boards never have stained sheets.
It's from Omni Skate Australia. You have to upload a design (TIFF format, scaled to the right size), then they trim it and print it onto the board. The board is of comparable quality to most brand names out there today. It's definitely a good quality deck.
About $20 extra. It ends up being the same cost as a regular pro model deck.
Genius!
Google brings up a few results, but not sure if they're any good or not.
Why decorate a cake when you are simply going to eat it? Sometimes, that which is fleeting is more beautiful for it.
The original design had it lined up perfectly, but it just didn't look right. The way that the controller is spaced out doesn't balance with the shape of the board.
&gt;People don't see the deck before you destroy it. Except for the 1000+ people who have seen this thread, my friends, and the people I meet in the months it takes for the deck to be scratched beyond recognition. But, most of all, I see it, and having a graphic that you love pushes you to ride more often. On top of that, there is always the option of making it into a cruiser board, which will leave the graphic untarnished.
You can collect up to 5 Souls of a Giant. They are out there...
Is the nylon threading at the top of the nut still intact?
Try skatedeluxe
It's very unusual for the kingpin nut to come loose if the nylon is still there. If the actual nut is coming loose as you skate, replace it. I don't know why the guy at the skateshop recommended simply tightening your trucks; bushings don't really get softer as you skate. At least not to a noticeable degree. Get a new nut!
I always found the ~~church~~ clocktower nemesis fight to be incredibly tough, but the rest of the game is very easy. RE2 I never really struggled with, because I always had either the magnum or acid rounds saved up for bosses.
On hard, that mirror hallway at the start of the game is harder than all of Re2 put together.
You could always try a different foot position; I've seen people who kickflip with their whole foot on the board.
The spacers that come with bones swiss bearings are plastic.
Perhaps you're right!
You're pretty weird, yeah. So you ride up to the flatbar, ollie... and don't make it up? Even though you can ollie onto a ledge that is double the height? Because it's *not* scary? Maybe you should put the flatbar over a pit of vipers or something.
How old are you? 7" is pretty much a kids size board.
Enjoi completes are fine for beginners. What do you have against them?
You won't make it if you just run; you have to bait attacks and juke around the zombies.
Brandon has made it pretty clear that he knows all of the details, but isn't allowed to divulge the information. The last update he did mentioned Nakomi, and how it may be something he can shed light on in the distant future.
I hope not, I'd have to quit after my next birthday.
You didn't have to delete your post, if that's the way you feel then it's fine, it's just an unusual thing.
The elevator space behind the train platform is still there in RE2, it's just that the gigantic 'UMBRELLA' gate is closed. I actually loaded up my original RE2 to check it after playing RE0 for the first time, back when it was released on GC, and was surprised to see that it checked out.
How is it geographically impossible for Rebecca to get there? She catches a cable car, which is the exact same way that Leon and Claire get there in RE2. It makes a lot of sense for them to have a cable car running from the training facility to the lab. I do agree that it doesn't make sense that the lab is abandoned, especially since we see plenty of zombified scientists in RE2. Maybe behind the door that Rebecca doesn't have time for, there are a bunch of employees working away?
Hummus, pepperoni and cheese on toast
On top of that, boards that come from the same batch can have different shapes based on where they were in the stack when pressed. It can sometimes be a total crapshoot. At the end of the day, the difference is usually pretty neglible, even between different distributors.
My god, what the hell have you created... that board is a thing of nightmares. Not even a walmart board deserves that horrific fate.
If you don't drive, the best part is trams. If you do drive, the worst part is trams.
I love how she has all these secret plots that just go right out the window as soon as she learns what happened. It's a really great scene.
I really quite like RE:0, but it does have a few aspects that were disappointing compared to REmake, which came out just prior to its release. * First of all, the story is really silly. REmake had an amazing story, even more so than RE1, because of the addition of Lisa Trevor, which was an incredibly creepy subplot. Everything that happens in the game is pretty plausible if you accept the parameters of the story. In RE:0, however, we are given a singing leech man in a white dress with anime hair, who constantly goes on bizarre monologues. On top of that, the exchanges between Birkin and Wesker are possibly the most cringeworthy in the series so far, and the exposition is very ham fisted. Instead of experiencing the story through notes and events that happen to the player, we are given bizarre and jarring flashbacks and perspective changes. It felt more like a soap opera than a horror game or movie. * Secondly, the pacing of the game. RE:0 starts off really well - the train is fantastic, and the Training Facility is pretty damn good (if a little slow near the end), but then the game takes a bizarre turn pacing wise. We are moved rapidly from location to location, including a strange expedition into Birkin's lab from RE:2* which, whilst it was a pretty cool glimpse at what an RE2 remake would be like, was quite obviously just there for fanservice, and created way more questions than it answered. The Factory also gave birth to the infamous, immersion breaking magic elevator, which confused the hell out of people (with good reason). The final areas of the game, which are supposed to be the most engaging, ended up being a pretty linear series of rooms that just lead to the last boss. * Thirdly, the new gameplay mechanics. They were actually pretty cool ideas - no more item box backtracking, and some extra gameplay in the form of character switching. Unfortunately, the item design that was supposed to combat backtracking was completely pointless, as it just resulted in designated 'item rooms' anyway, which were usually right next to a typewriter, just as the original item boxes were. It actually caused more problems, because the game designers no longer had to worry too much about players running out of inventory space, as they could just drop items. So we have lots of items in the game that take up two slots, and end up being ferried around from location to location (hookshot, I'm looking at you). Combine that with the constant item juggling between characters, and the ability to make bad decisions when splitting up that can adversely effect your experience (do NOT send Billy up stairs in the Lab), and the result is a much more frustrating and less immersive experience. Look, RE:0 is still a great game. I prefer it to C:V and RE:4 (and all the games thereafter) as a Resident Evil game, but compared to the beautiful pacing and atmosphere of REmake and RE:2 (and even RE:3), it simply doesn't hold up as well. *it may not be Birkin's lab, but the fanservice intent is clear.
Her answer would definitely be a world where she wasn't such a genius actress and comedianne.
Costume packs 3 and 4 are purchasable on their own, for $3 each. Costume packs 1 and 2 only come in the 'bundle' which is $10. That's why it says $10 next to them, but you get all 4 packs. You can't buy 1 or 2 on their own. Of course, you can get a [much better price for them elsewhere....](https://www.reddit.com/r/residentevil/comments/42kll7/resident_evil_0_slipstreamed_costumes_for_pc/)
I know that in belfry luna, I used to stand in front of where the boss fog used to be and do something else, and I knew I was being invaded because the fog would reappear. It did it for both bell keepers and red phantoms.
Old sun ring is absolutely a noob ring. You get it and equip it because it says it does damage (and damage is everything), and because you get hit a lot it actually does a lot of damage. On my first playthrough, I was rocking OSR and Vengarl's helm like it was nobody's business.
Fuck me, Santa!
Not true; the Heide Knights past the circular room are hostile from the get go. I found that out the hard way on my last playthrough.
It's not meant for lower levels.
Start out by doing really small ollies. Pretty much just a small hop. Then try for bigger and bigger, but try to put as little strength into them as possible. Moving ollies are easier the less you try for height, and height is just a side effect of practice.
Quite often, these shows absolutely are as bad as reddit makes them out to be.
It's not, I swear. The heide knights before the big room and between that room and the Dragonrider are passive, but the two before the dragon are hostile. Start a new character and see for yourself!
I wouldn't say plenty... it's pretty hard to find parking around chapel st.
If you don't like phase 2, you can keep him in phase 1 indefinitely, by baiting his overhead slam attack. You can do this by chugging estus immediately after dodging an attack, and he will not move to phase 2 whilst his sword is buffed from this move. Simply chug another estus every 10 seconds or so; 12 estus is more than enough to complete the fight. This is the strategy I used most recently, it was very effective.
I think he meant, what shop?
Good, but needs eyebrows.
Zapp Brannigan
[Are we posting ED-209s?](http://imgur.com/a/EdZ7L)
I prefer dubbed anime because I do not like the inflection that the Japanese use in their language, especially for females. I find it incredibly distracting, so for me even the poorer performances found in English dubs are preferable.
[is it an ali baba sword?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzQxmG9zn3c)
Where's the golden gun?
Well, that and Jazz music!
I really wish that he had more films with Real Violence™ in them. Hateful Eight had the chance to be a true classic, if only it was a little more in the vein of *Reservoir Dogs* and a little less ridiculous.
you're*
As a bastion, I could care less about unsupported Dvas. Even if they get close to me, they have no chance of out DPSing a bastion, and the bastion can just heal afterwards. Do not try to counter a Bastion as Dva, unless you have a lot of support.
[Add me on steam.](https://steamcommunity.com/id/seanythetank)
That's not really true. He can self heal - that means that if you get one or two kills, then displace, heal, and set up somewhere new, you can be a nightmare for the enemy team without needing to be supported. All of the counters to Bastion (besides Genji) require the player to have knowledge of where he is set up.
Isn't Bastion+Reinhardt straight up countered by Symmetra? Her orbs go straight through that shield.
If you charge an orb, peek around a corner and release it, then go straight back around the corner, bastion can't kill you. Bastion needs at least a second or so of sustained fire to kill even a Tracer, he's not a sniper.
Yep, Element completes are generally decent for a new skater. You'll eventually replace most of the parts, but for starting out it should be fine.
Usually Dave comes out after the song and shakes their hands, says how amazing they were and holds up an album or something.
Sometimes news should use emotive language. If you have a completely clinical media, then people stop caring. This guy was a fucking idiot, and deserves a severe punishment for his negligence. Having a public outcry will help that to happen.
How is this the top post on the front page? It's literally just a pun.
The juice resting in those pickle crinkles makes my pants tight
He could become a martyr if you did that.
Did you know that if a child is born underwater, it can continue to live underwater for the rest of its life?
Koloss!
&gt;I thought this was the funniest thing at 4am last night You were right!
What was the instructor's name?
This is where having a friend to play skate with comes in really handy. Every time we skate, all of the basics are landed because we play 3-4 games of skate per sesh.
&gt; generally you can only take one action per turn Does that mean that you can't pick up an item and attack a monster in one turn?
Wait, so you can attack and then move to a different room if your turn started in the same room as the monster?
Great book, although the format caused the ending to be super anti climactic.
It makes sense that only the off hand weapon would be made to glow around orcs, since that would be sheathed most of the time. Well, it makes a *little* more sense.
No game is marketed as a something-killer. It's the consumers who put those kind of labels on upcoming games.
It's definitely more of a hassle than simply not upgrading.
Yeah, and then go and grab a $5 note out of your wallet with your fingertips, which is a thousand times worse.
Oh okay, thanks!
He dindu nuffin
Try landing with more weight on your front foot, so that you can pivot the remainder of the turn.Really exaggerate how much you turn your shoulders, to the point where it looks silly.
[My favourite, purely for the way the final line is delivered](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TH2kvRsmk0)
DS1, 2 and 3, all in one game, in the DS3 engine.
me_irl
surprisingly creative shitpost
My advice for Elana, is to get far away from her when she summons Velstadt. When you have distance on her, she pretty much only uses her Flame Swathe variants. So you just focus on dodging Velstadt's attacks, and when you see a flame swathe start to form, roll out of it and attack Velstadt (as this is when you will be completely safe from Elana). Of course it gets more complicated than that at times, but I've found that this is the most consistent way to get Velstadt down fast.
This set looks way better as an Outrider than it does as a Falcon.
this is amazing
I would get Sotfs. Having played both, sotfs is definitely the better experience in my opinion. Since you're gonna want to buy the DLC anyway, you might as well just grab sotfs for the more polished experience it provides. You can always go back and finish the regular DS2 to see the differences.
It ends too soon because a second after the cut in the gif, the camera zooms out and the tiger runs away and you realise that there was not really any actual danger. The gif is much more exciting.
The best line in the whole show is the moment when Murray finds out that the record producer is just a laundromat, and he says "is that what you're telling me?" The delivery of that line... oh lord
it's the unmelted kraft singles... this is the quintessential sign of someone who has no idea how to make burgers - they have all of the elements of the burger, but just dont know how to combine them together although, it might be worse for kids in the future, as all their parents will refuse to make anything except gourmet kobe burgers with melted swiss on brioche buns with avocado and tomato relish
Ask a nine year old.
I actually really like how Gendo's story turned out in Eva. The entire time I was watching, I was expecting it to turn out to just be tough love and something that Shinji needed the whole time. But no, he's just a god damned sociopath.
Loving the choice of music, if perhaps a touch dramatic
Nothing says 'stealthy forest fighter' like wearing all white!
Bagnon. Get it from here: http://wow.tutis.me/
I think you say it after for it to work? At least I hope so...
Ed Gein was a huge wolnir fan
But now you can say POTM phonetically! Pottem!
It was Dumbledore
Wizards are perfectly capable of using magic without their wands, the problem is that they can't focus or direct it. It is actually the primary way that wizards are identified when they come from muggle families. Harry himself performed many magical feats before he even knew he was a wizard; he propelled himself onto the roof of his school, he changed the color of a teacher's hair, and he was constantly able to escape Dudley and his gang. It's interesting to think about how most wizards consider themselves helpless without their wand, when they were anything but as children. In this way a wand could be considered a crutch, and a wizard who could learn to focus spells without one could become very powerful.
I pretty much have. Fucking love it of course, but been through it five or six times and there just isn't much else to see any more. Not really a huge fan of the PVP, can't wait for the DLCs though.
jesus, that commentary is so cringeworthy. I don't understand why every commentary has to be like ESPN, no matter what the subject matter.
When people complain about reddit 'culture'.
[This](http://img.skatewarehouse.com/new_big/BSV3WH-1.jpg) is the standard shape profile for your average street skating wheel. [These](http://img.skatewarehouse.com/watermark/rs.php?path=KYSWGWH-550-1.jpg) are the wheels you've picked. Can you see the difference in the profile? The ones you've chosen are primarily for cruiser setups, and cause all kinds of problems when you're trying to learn tricks (wheelbite, too grippy). If you're just going to use the setup for cruising around, then it doesn't really matter, but if you're going to try to learn the sport of skateboarding (which is what it looks like, based on your truck and deck choice), then I would go for something a little more standard.
Dying triggers the Dark Sign, yes. But it's the act of dying that results in a blood pool, not using the sign. Using the Dark Sign allows you to experience the result of death, whilst circumventing the actual death itself. Since it is the act of dying that results in blood being spilled, and you are skipping that part of the process, there is no blood.
He has a fascination with electrical power, and how to increase it. This is almost exactly what a guitar amplifier does, and you need to hook up a speaker to a guitar amplifier or it will burn out. Marty most likely had a large influence in Doc deciding to try out a guitar amplifier as a power conversion experiment.
He would have asked some of his former 'nam buddies to source one out for him, and eventually gotten arrested a week later for trying to import a monkey toe from Guatemala. He is not a smart man.
I don't get cheese platters hype... it's all just stuff you get from the deli and cut up. Sure, they're amazing to eat... but it's not exactly high culinary artistry.
Literally my first ever game, on the beta, on my first attempt with the ball, I scored a basket. I have not been able to reproduce this feat since.
Would you prefer a non canon game with a good story or a canon game with a shitty one?
Clones are the weakest plot cliche in the history of storytelling
Symmetra should be a Builder.
That's a long bow. It's great, but 10/10 means perfect - even if it was your favourite genre, your favourite actors, director and writers, your favourite book - I would still find it hard to believe this film is anyone's 10/10. What did you think of Godfather 2? EDIT: Sorry if my choice of words made me seem like a jerk, I know that everyone has their own opinion, I was just prompting discussion.
Probably The Big Lebowski. It's not really that high up on my list of favourite films, but all of my favourite films have big flaws in some way or another. Lebowski though, for the movie it is trying to be, is pretty much flawless. 10/10
It is one of the best movies of all time, but it's also considered greatly flawed. There is a difference between what is your favourite movie and what you should claim to be a 10/10 movie.
Also worth noting, is that the chess pieces are semi sentient. They give advice to the player, and if you use the same set for long enough they can become a team with you, and understand your playstyle and strategies. Also, it's really awesome watching little dudes battle each other for squares.
[Here's a video.](https://youtu.be/-J1HXnCcufM)
They play DnD.
Goofs aren't relevant to what we are discussing here. A film can have mistakes and still be a 10/10, we aren't children discussing whether Thor could beat the Hulk in an arm wrestling match. 10/10 is in reference to plot cohesion, entertainment value, quality of work from cast and crew, impact on society, emotional impact on the viewer. Okay?
It's useful for individual moves, but not for the overall strategy. A piece can see a trap you haven't, and warn you. Of course, the pieces also tend to favor self preservation over their master winning, unless they really respect their commander.
Why does a Warcraft movie have to be a 'popcorn flick'? Why can't it have a great story, with well defined characters and an emotional investment from the audience? The whole point of this discussion is that just because a movie is based on a video game, that should not be a reason in and of itself for a sub par movie. When you ask what people want from a Warcraft movie, the answer is the same as what people want from any movie: for it to be fucking amazing. You shouldn't have to lower your standards for what makes a good movie just because it's from a video game.
It was made pretty clear in the movie that the only bad orcs were the ones that drank the Fel.
That might be a unique case though, because of how infamous the Gwyn parry strat is
What do you mean by 'one size'? Smelter is about as tall as the Ruin Sentinels
Or Operation Market Garden, or plenty of others - but just because it doesn't work *some* of the time, doesn't mean it isn't going to work *most* of the time. Also, grand battle strategy and sword fighting strategy do not necessarily translate directly to each other. In sword fighting, pressing the attack is an absolutely crucial element to winning.
Wouldn't a marble deck be super heavy? You must have strong legs!
The best thing about bingeing Carpenter is that you get a hell of a lot of variety. *Big Trouble in Little China* is about as far away from *The Thing* as it's possible to get.
I actually quite like that ep. Dee spitting on cricket, frank and Charlie testing the guns on each other, the gang trying to tear out the painting of George Washington, all really great moments for me!
from now on I will never be able to think of Egwene as anyone other than "Eggy"
&gt; Being able to posses a wand is a basic right for a wizard Why do you think that? Wizards are not born with wands, it was a magical invention designed to focus magic. Focusing magic makes it powerful and dangerous. Just like you have a right to walk anywhere, but if you want to travel at high speeds you'll need a driver's licence. There are a lot of rules that society deems are necessary to keep the people safe, I don't see how wand ownership is any different.
Yes, but the strongest of wild magic pales in comparison to what a wizard with a wand can perform, working with intent.
&gt;Being a wizard is something that you are. It's clearly genetic, because you can't learn magic if you don't have it in your blood. Correct. &gt;In my opinion such a huge difference makes you a subspecies of human. Okay, you're getting a little Grindelwald-ey there, but that's your opinion and you're welcome to it. &gt;To perform magic, at least in the West, one needs a Wand. Completely incorrect. There were wizards before there were wands, and modern western wizards are perfectly capable of magic without wands. &gt;To take that away from someone is to deny them their innate right to practice magic. No it doesn't. A wizard who has had their wand snapped is free to do all the magic they wish. It will be less powerful, less focused and less intentional magic, because those are the benefits of a wand, but they are still a wizard performing magic.
Ah okay, thanks I guess I'll give ClaireA a bash!
Yeah, so that's why as a wizard you should strive to follow the law and pass your exams. You cripple a driver when you take their driving license from them. You cripple a fisherman when you take their fishing license from them. You cripple a pilot when you take their flying license from them. You cripple a wizard when you take their wand from them. That's how you make sure that people who are not suited to wielding an incredibly dangerous instrument do not hurt those around them. It's called being in a *SOCIETY*.
It's definitely more intimidating for women. Since there are far less girls skating than dudes, they tend to attract attention when they're at a skatepark. Not necessarily negative attention, but when you're learning something as difficult as skating you feel very self conscious. As a dude, no one pays much attention to you so it's okay, but constantly being watched while learning to skate and to fall would make it a lot harder. It's definitely getting better for girls though.
AT-ATs look so silly with all of their legs straight
The kind of person who does this is not going to give a shit about your opinion of them.
Fill it with wood glue and clamp that sucker down overnight
This is a discussion that you have between yourself and your bank account. Cost is the only reason to not get a new setup.
You can go to the other side of it though. The corridor just before the library (where the desk you can unlock is with the handgun parts) has an offshoot that leads to it.
The thing that I like least about NGE is the mecha battles. The fights I like the most in the series are the ones where they can't just punch the Angel to death (which thankfully is most of them). I do love the battle in EoE though, but that's mostly because of how you finally get an insight into Asuka's character.
Because Hanzo uses the marker to aim his ult.
Why not go to somewhere that does accept credits and swap them for hard currency then buy the hyperdrive? Why not just steal the hyperdrive and leave watto some credits since that's essentially what Qui Gon was trying to do with his mind trick anyway?
I mean, we don't see what happens to a human after Smith leaves them; Bane dies as Smith.
Yes, and the Machines obviously need fully functioning humans to stay at optimal strength. But creating the empty humans was never the plan for the machines - it was just the hand they were dealt when Smith took over. Their bargain with Neo is simply making the best of that situation, and guaranteeing control until they can reestablish their power over them. The years immediately following the bargain will be a struggle for them with the damage Smith did - but it's a *level of survival they would be willing to accept*.
Ask /r/plotholes!
They required Neo to act as a conduit between the Matrix and the Source, so that Smith could be destroyed. The Machines do **not** want shell humans, but that's what Smith left them with. My theory is that the Machines would not have made their bargain with Neo if the survivors of Smith's apocalypse were completely fine.
I have never heard of the Machines having that motivation before. What makes you come to that conclusion? Also, if Sati is the 'perfect being' that the Machines were trying to create, why would her parent programs have to bargain with the Merovingian to keep her from being returned to the source (destroyed)?
I like that idea!
&gt;I think many assume that the end of the matrix was some new start rather than the way the matrix always resets. You don't need to assume this; the Architect clearly states that Neo is the first time their system has not worked perfectly.
My theory doesn't really fit in with that one, I've based mine purely on information taken from the films.
This isn't a record because there is a physical limit to how many you can fit. Once you have reached that limit, it is impossible for someone to beat it, so having a record for it is redundant.
Haha, legit looks like you were really trying to miss it:)
I called it obvious, because the Machines have the ability to surgically manipulate human brain function. Putting a human in a coma would be an incredibly simple matter for the Machines, so they must have a very good reason to keep them functional, even if we don't learn that reason in the movies. If all they needed was the electrical energy from a live being, why create the Matrix? Hell, why use humans at all and not cows or something more subservient?
There were only 5 previous '*One*'s. The Architect states this specifically: &gt;*"The matrix is older than you know. I prefer counting from the emergence of one integral anomaly to the emergence of the next, in which case this is the sixth version."* We don't know exactly how many Matrix versions there were before the first One was created, although we know there were at least two, because the Architect says as much. They don't want to deprogram the One, because the One is the solution that the Machines themselves created to solve the critical problem of the Matrix: that humans need choice to survive, we can never be slaves. Without the One, the humans that choose to be free of the Matrix (0.1% of the Matrix, precisely) would eventually snowball into a resistance. The One keeps that in check, by 'soft resetting' the Matrix, while the Machines 'soft reset' Zion (by way of mass murder). What Neo was attempting to do at the end of Revolutions, is to break the cycle - to allow much more than the 0.1% of the Matrix the choice of freedom. My theory is about how that plan may have backfired, because of Smith.
Hmm, I think I always interpreted the scene with the Children differently. I always thought that those kids were simply people who were not burdened by the Matrix' rules, mentally speaking. I thought that scene meant that anyone could bend the rules of the Matrix as Morpheus, Trinity etc do, if they had the right mindset, regardless of whether or not they had been 'unplugged'. The Oracle was simply sifting through them to find the One, since he would likely be of free mind like the children are. The rest of what you said is very interesting though. To be honest, I never really put a lot of thought into *where* Smith came from. I know that thematically, he is supposed to be Nemesis, the other side of Neo's coin, but I figured that in-universe he was just an errant program and nothing more than that. The "You played a very dangerous game" line is one I've considered for a while, and this is how I interpret it: The Oracle was supposed to find and guide the One in his journey towards the Source, nurturing his love for humanity so that he will feel compelled to reboot the Matrix. The 'game' the Architect is talking about, is that with Neo, instead of building that altruistic love, she instead engineered his relationship with Trinity - causing Neo to break the system.
If you want to avoid wheel bite, tighten your trucks. If you want to avoid wheel bite but ride loose trucks, get riser pads. 58mm is a pretty big wheel size, so risers might be your best bet. Bushings won't really help wheel bite in my experience, because you will always get it when you turn a certain amount; harder bushings will just make getting to that point a bit slower. With all that said, if you're gonna ride 58mm wheels on a popsicle shaped deck, wheel bite is going to be a part of your life.
Yep, it's bullshit.
No one who takes a thermos full of vodka to work *isn't* an alcoholic.
My favorite thing to do as Mei is ice block in someones face, and then immediately come out and freeze them because they thought it would be a good opportunity to reload. This gets people so often...
There are a couple of crucial differences though - Firstly, that person came back dead - we have no idea what happens to someone who is 'possessed', but returns whilst alive. If people reverted back to how they were previous to being taken over, shouldn't that pilot be alive? The fact that he died when he was Smith indicates an overriding of something important. Secondly, it seems like the process is very different for the unplugged Smith as it is for regular agents. Smith needs direct contact to assimilate, and the actual process of assimilation is quite unique - black goop, the way Smith has to concentrate on it etc.
No, you get the cut called 'T-bone'. It's only a filet mignon if it is separated from the bone and served individually.
Sorry, I thought we were on a food sub.
Yeah, and if you stare at it for too long you get a greatarrow in the back for your lustful ways
Arguments over rules can get pretty heated in friendly games... I don't know how the addition of a shiv or two would affect that
I would have liked either a musical, or a weird fantastical element, but both together was a bit much imo.
Why so?
Demons Greathammer. Just make sure you do it in ng+ with 99 repair powder on your quick bar.
What about the signs at my local skatepark that say 'We accept no liability for injury or death resulting from the use of these facilities'? Are they not legal? Wouldn't the Wonka waiver be along those same lines, but a lot more specific and comprehensive? Also, was there any actual fatalities from the Wonka incident? I can't recall any.
Is there much of a modding scene for the Borderlands series?
Wouldn't there be the same assumption of risk with visiting a factory like Wonkas? After all, it's not your normal place. The thing I'm asking, is if waivers are not legally binding, how do high risk businesses operate? Stuff like sky diving, bungee jumping, hell even commercial airlines all protect themselves from litigation with waivers. You're telling me they are all just *bluffing*?
I would think, that the Augustus Gloop in the chocolate incident could pretty much be proven to be Wonka's liability; considering how dangerous that lake is, there were no safety railings of any kind. The Wonkavision incident is entirely his fault as well, because he lets the operators use the camera on Mike. The others though, I don't think would count. I mean, if I went on a brewery tour, and jumped over a safety railing into a vat, how could the company be held liable for that? Especially if I signed a waiver stating specifically that I wouldn't do that. That's essentially what Violet and and Veruca do. The fizzy drink is probably the grayest area, as the two were left unsupervised in what is arguable a very dangerous environment, but they were also acting entirely of their own volition. As a side note, do you remember any of the specifics of those cases where a home invader has sued his would be victims and won? Every time I hear about one of those cases, reading even a little bit into it reveals a different story than the headlines would have you believe...
Yeah, those two are definitely Wonka.
They definitely suck, because of how fast they spin around to prevent you getting behind them. At least you have the option of cheesing them with arrows though, unlike a certain kind of frozen fuckdeer.
Or just used the Force like he does with Han's blaster in ESB?
Ammunition. Shotgun shells are scarce in what has become of Australia; scrap isn't. He has only a few shells left, for special occasions, his scrap gun works fine for most situations.
They were posers.
Yep, and it's a well known fact that money buys happiness.
I think you might be overestimating the value of silver
DS1 I've beaten three times, DS2 twenty seven. For some people, DS2 is a much more replayable game, which makes it a shame that OP didn't even give it a chance.
Those are probably just the loudest voices. DS2 has the most finely tuned and varied combat in the souls series, which is what brings me back time and time again. It has a whole host of problems, but it's the only souls game for me that just stays *fun* no matter how much I play it. Miyazaki's souls games tend to be very finely crafted, which makes them unmatched for a first play through experience but can get a bit tiresome when you know what's around the next corner. Tanimura made a much more sandbox style game (specifically in regards to the combat).
Sorry I misread you, I thought you said not enough. The note says they are to help him get the loan, the eggs would just be his collateral.
Or in the very least, wouldn't the reduction in size rapidly increase the heat transfer, cooling it down really quickly?
If you skate regular, lean forward and to the right. If your board is shooting out in front of you or your back foot is grounding, that means you are leaning slightly back (even though it doesn't feel like it). Even if it feels like you are leaning too far forward, you probably aren't; your body just wants to lean backwards. Kind of hard to explain, but trust me it works. After figuring out that, my kickflips became super consistent.
Learning heelflips does not help with kickflips, and vice versa. Learn heelflips, then come back to kickflips a bit later on.
Spitfires feel very different to Bones. They aren't really comparable, you're gonna like either one or the other. Spitty F4s feel softer, and a bit more squirrely under speed. Bones STFs are more stable and have a much more gradual deceleration, but give a slightly rougher ride (which can sometimes be better for board feel, especially on smoother ground). For street skating I prefer the F4s, for parks I prefer the STFs. If I had to choose one it would be the STFs.
Yes but how long would it *stay* at 5000 degrees is the question.
Ziggy is also in Ken Park, with a very memorable scene...
In most Rein players' brains, there is a toggle switch that only flips one way; from Protect the Team to MURDER EVERYTHING. Just wait for the player to mentally flip the switch before boosting them.
Best grip!
Skate 4 was always happening, EA said a while ago that they were working on a way to 'revitalise' the series. It makes me worried, tbh
85% of all statistics are made up on the spot. It doesn't matter anyway, because if they brought it to PC they would still need to create a control scheme for the 1%, and I don't know how they would.
Zarya, because of the sound her shield makes as it gains high charge
Cameron is the main character in that film, Ferris is just the vessel for his arc. Like Willy Wonka or Beetlejuice, the titular character is not the focus in Ferris Buellers Day Off, Cameron's story is what the movie is about.
True Lies. Great movie!
It's confirmed by Jordan to be pronounced FAH-eel, but you can pronounce it how you like :). Also, Mazrim TAH-eem.
it gave me a boner
Keming.
Yeah I realised that and edited it to clarify what I meant :)
That's my point, my rank is high-ish now, so I don't want to risk playing and losing rank, hindering me at the start of next season.
The problem is that the gap in competitive points rewards is so big between gold and platinum. My skill level is high gold/low plat, but reaching the 2500 bracket is way harder if you start from 2200 then it is if you start from 2400, because the early 2000s is what people commonly refer to as 'ELO hell'. It's not impossible, but it's enough to make me not want to do any more 'improving' until the next season starts, so that I don't have the frustration of the 2000s randomness.
The actual placement games do nothing. I went 8 wins, 1 tie 1 loss this season in placements, and ended up at 2190 because my rank was ~2200 when I finished last season, even though my season high was 2662. Placement games mean nothing.
If my highest rank is low platinum, then there is a big penalty to starting lower than 2400 next season when it comes to making the competitive points bracket. There shouldn't be any reason not to play competitive if you don't care about your rank.
Yeah, and let the placements rank them. Because. you know... that's what placements are supposed to be for... Or how about placing you based on your highest, or average SR, rather than your ending one?
My last game at that rank, there was a Torb on my team who didn't know you could upgrade turrets. It's not heaven, trust me :(
&gt;buff is effectively 20% less critical damage taken. I don't think that's an accurate assumption. He is still completely stationary while chugging after all; anyone who was going to hit 100% criticals with the previous hitbox is still going to get close to that. I'd guess that in practice the hitbox reduction might equate to something closer to 5-10% less critical samage taken, if that. Winston's crit box reduction was a lot more significant because he is constantly mobile.
Probability and odds. If you want proof, visit a casino...
There's no real order for the bosses besides the first couple and the last couple. You'll know when you're at the end of the game, so when you get there just go back and kill what you've missed. Having a unique experience is part of what makes the game great.
If you want to get rid of hiccups, simply think really hard about the next one. Anticipate it mentally, and it will never come. All of the home remedies for hiccups (such as holding your breath, swallowing a spoonful of sugar, etc) all are based on the same principle; making you wait to see if that next hiccup comes. It sounds kooky, but I swear it works. I haven't hiccuped more than twice in a row since I learned this.
Yeah it's fake as fuck.. you're still a bot though
Wake up early even if I don't need to.
Probably Pauline Hanson. At least I hope it's only here that she's famous...
Dark Souls 2. Started playing it at the prompting of a friend... and now I have thousands of hours strewn across all the Souls games and a PS4 which I bought solely for Bloodborne. These games completely changed my view of what a great game really is. Bloodborne is the only game that I would call a true masterpiece.
Replicate it and post a video. It's easy right, so it shouldn't take you too long.
There are lots of places that are just normal, friendly restaurants. Sometimes you want a different dining experience.
At the same time, it can be tough being an altruistic Soldier - most of my attempts at healing team mates results in them running out of the delicious golden puddle the second I drop it, to go find a Mercy.
Not the case, he is actually wearing it with just his arms in it, bunched up under his chin. You can see that the shirt is in front of his face in a couple of frames after the woman.
One thing I have to say about sym; If you are Mercy, then SHOOT her. If you're healing a soldier and he starts being attacked by a Sym, stop healing and switch to your pistol. She will die in seconds if you score even one head shot, but soldier will struggle to outdps her if he misses his rockets or has them on cd, even if you're healing or boosting him. The same is true of many other heroes. Mercy's pistol is so good against sym that she is almost a counter.
You're simply more familiar with the most common use of the word surrogate, which is a surrogate mother. You can have surrogate children, surrogate brothers and sisters. It doesn't even have to relate to families, you can have a surrogate represent you at a trial. Yharnam is most certainly a surrogate mother for Mergo. Gherman could certainly be a surrogate child for Moon Presence, the word is very elastic.
I hope that you are not genuinely of that belief, for your own sake.
She can say whatever she wants, and we can name the venue after whomever we feel deserves it. Taking away the honor she was given is doing nothing at all to stifle her ability to express her opinions.
The game has a bracketed matching system, so even if you bought a tier V ship, you'd only be playing against other tier IV/V ships anyway.
Would a rifle help against sharks though?
I wish I had a PlayStation 6! Also, the hunt is endless...
Flat spots are one thing; these were completely destroyed.
&gt;Doesn't being stronger in the Force just mean that using it is easier? Yes, and when you have mastered the light side of the Force, it is far easier to use. A Dark Force user is in constant struggle to bend the Force to their will, but at the beginning this is far easier to understand than the concept of submission, and so is the quicker route to immediate power. For the Sith, as they gain power they lose control, such that the end result is far too often self destruction. For a Jedi, the more they learn to submit to the will of the Force, the more easily they channel its strength.
Hey now, I was not expecting MEC at all when it was announced. I mean, the first game was received well by critics, but it was far from a blockbuster and didn't make the sales EA hoped it would. I recall being pretty sad about the series' prospects, because I loved the first one so much but it didn't seem successful enough to warrant a sequel. I didn't expect anything to happen for ME at e3 this year, but I also didn't expect anything to happen for ME at the e3 where MEC was announced either.
The thing about vettes is that you don't really need to kill them to nullify them. Just make sure you focus your attacks on them when they show up, and they will quickly retreat to lick their wounds. If a vette starts taking damage, he will engage his speed and flee, and then you don't have to worry about him for a while. If you keep doing that, the vette will be pretty much combat ineffective. But yeah, if the enemy team has really good pilots, or too many vettes, there is not much you can do other than use higher tiered ships to combat it.
Levelcap is alright
get naked; it makes dodging so much easier and is almost mandatory on some of the later bosses.
The original Mirror's Edge didn't meet sales expectations, but we still got MEC.
What was the last trophy you ended up getting? I think for me it was getting the hunter's tool from that invader in the woods.
I didn't mind them so much after I realised you could just sprint through them until you found the lever then hunters mark/suicide and run through the door to the boss. Watchdog was a nightmare though.
Oh you might be right! I'll have to check my plat screenshot to remember which one was actually my last one then...
Although this is the logical answer, it is not the one that the film gives us. Gabriela states that the X-23 program failed because the children could not be adequately controlled. It could be assumed that this is a supposition on her part, as she is not directly involved in the program, except Dr. Rice himself states that they "struggled with the X-23s" and that their plan was to raise the children without a conscience. If they were simply a proof of concept, they would not need to be raised, and would not have been considered a failure. I wish you were writing the script, because it would have been much cooler if the kids were all simply lab experiments.
Wouldn't every shot be high? To zero at 0m, you would have to point the scope downwards towards the tip of the barrel, so once a round leaves the barrel it would be travelling up and away from the focus of the sight.
She does speak English, but with a heavy spanish accent. She is also fluent in spanish. It seems odd that the Nurses would be teaching them linguistics.
You can still learn tricks stationary first if you like. The problem with skater trainers is that they take away the need to balance back/forward when you land, which is a crucial part of any trick. It's the same thing as practicing on grass; you're going to have to relearn to balance when you try it on concrete.
Voice acting is a fucking brutal business, so for anyone with any idea of making it a career, unions are a must. Unfortunately there is always a big pool of new and naive talent to take advantage of by these localization companies.
For a voice actor, royalties *is* fair pay. The reason for this is the very same as what is happening to Alyson Court now; VAs are easily replaced. They have zero job security, because unlike a regular actor whose face is a key aspect of their character's identity, VAs can get thrown out the second they ask for any kind of increase in pay. Of course, the natural result of this is that studios can go the other way - completely underpay VAs, because they need all the work they can get. View the work history of a standard TV actor and you'll see a handful of different shows, but look at the history for the same level VA, and you'll often see hundreds of different projects, shows and games. The VA is earning a sliver of what an actor would be. *"VAs should get properly paid for the work up front and that should be the end of it."* is completely true - but the reality is that they don't. Ironically, the only voice actors who get paid adequately are the ones who are already big name actors - and they also often turn out to be terrible VAs. I personally hate the state of most industry unions, but VA is one of the few that really does need support, because even with it they still get shit on.
[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VU6dl0BhrZ8)
seriously though, Ralph is fucking perfect for Gawyn
necessity is the mother of invention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G8XQA9QFS0
They were born inside the facility by surrogate mothers.
I'm absolutely going to try to put this together if you share the plans
I work at a casino, and once saw a lady at a poker machine with her member's card jammed into the spin button, so she didn't have to even push it.
I think the inference is that Cat is changing, becoming a better person, and that is better than leaving a vaccuum of power in the city for someone like Dogen to fill. Basically, they're saying that there's no quick fix to the problems that plague Cascadia. A coup wouldn't just save the city, you need someone who is in charge of one of the families to make a change, and Faith is now working towards that through her sister. It's still pretty grim, but hopeful.
Definitely sounds like they used the same effect, but slowed it down for Orphan
I think Ricta put ground up hamsters in their urethane formula, so there's a chance.
Wearing a shirt made of bear skin
Great scene... but the camera work damn near ruins it. Shaky cam is one thing, but jesus christ...
Never heard of that brand before, so that's a bit of a red flag. If you're getting a complete, play it safe and go for one from an established company. Plan B, Enjoi, Anti Hero and Element all make good completes that you can find for pretty cheap on ebay. Also, 7.5 is incredibly small, maybe get an 8" if you're an adult.
Mungo
your framing could use some work though...
It's been a while since I read it, but I'm pretty sure that Zane never poisoned Straff, and that all of his symptoms were due to withdrawal. When Straff drank the 'poison', Zane wasn't shocked that he drank poison; he was shocked that he drank it so confidently despite having no way to know it *wasn't* poison.
I noticed that, and it'll probably need replacing. When you come down onto it with your trucks it leaves big dents in the metal, and it doesn't take long to be unskateable.
Yeah I thought that might be the case :)
What was that mcree thinking?!
The most reassuring thing about this video is that if I ever get attacked by an A-10 I'll be dead before I hear that terrifying sound.
Oh, true!
gonna scoot
fuck off
7.5 is a very thin deck, about as thin as they come. It will be easier to land tricks on a wider deck if you're still a beginner.
Get the birdhouse one.
Formula Fours hold up well in most terrain. They're a good all rounder.
THPS was mine... fuck I'm old
I used the Kureimoa throughout the entire game, no problem. I also found that being under 25% equip was a huge boon to survivability, way more valuable than the benefits of armor.
It's a lot easier to get the rotation on concrete. You pop straight down, then push backwards just after your tail contacts the ground, so that the only resistance against it is air. If you do it om mud you'll have to push it a whole heap harder, because the ground will absorb all of the energy.
It's just the promotional map that someone's put labels on; it's not accurate at all.
Did you just parrot the exact joke from the OP and get 4k upvotes?
Running into a house is one thing. If a cyclist hits an 80 year old pedestrian, then the consequences may be somewhat more serious. The main thing though, is that a distracted cyclist can easily cause accidents involving cars. If a cyclist veers in front of a car and that car swerves into another lane to avoid him, then it's just as catastrophic as if the car driver had been the one on the phone.
I hate how there is so much hype over the original DKC. DKC2 improved the game in pretty much every way possible, it's a shame that they picked the original over 2 or even 3.
Nope, they're the same, you just have less space to fight.
Next time I need to kick a drug habit, I'll just dial him up!
The curse wouldn't be acting against the adamantium though; how would his bone marrow be protected just by being incased in adamantium? Also, if his bone marrow was completely isolated from the rest of his physiology, wouldn't it be dead anyway?
Since AK leaves no trace, no point of impact, it seems pretty clear that it doesn't matter *where* it hits you, so if the curse affects any part of your physiology, it would result in death. It's also a big leap to assume that Adamantium would be able to block the curse; AK is a very unique spell even among other spells in its universe.
An AK corpse actually has been autopsied - that of the groundskeeper at Riddle manor. The conclusion was that there was absolutely no traces of physical damage to the body whatsoever - that despite being dead, he would otherwise have been considered in 'perfect health'. This says to me that the curse works beyond even the cellular level.
When it goes normie, it instantly loses all value. You want to sell when it's popular, but long before it ends up on Facebook and Buzzfeed. That's why some memes are super high risk, whilst other memes aren't. The more obscure/controversial/depressing, the less chance of going normie and 'crashing', but also a lower chance of gaining momentum outside of the normie market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rub-lW-9MXw
