&gt; Thin sliced steaks. They're usually sold in the freezer section as 'sandwich steaks' generically. Brand doesn't matter, not for authenticity, just for quality. I'm with you on everything except this. The butcher at Publix will thin slice a ribeye for you. That is all I use.
When we travel all screen time rules are gone (we aren't typically strict on them anyway). On our last trip we bought the back of head rest dvd player for around $80. Snacks we did fruit &amp; veggies. When we stopped for lunch we just went to a restaurant instead of drive thru's. Our little dude has never had fast food though so we are use to it.
You use to be able to find John Gruden at Hooters just about every time you walked in.
If you are white and play a position of a known white person, you are bound to be compared to them. Is their play style at all similar?
I have no idea but that sounds like a fun group to party with.
Roommates aka parents. That's the the only situation I could think of. All others I would bring the girl back to my place.
About once a year or two I will get this intense pain in my neck that travels down to my shoulder (usually one side or the other). Lasting a couple of months and like you it feels a nerve is pinched as my arm would get a bit numb. I finally went to get it checked out and it turns out it is due to arthritis. Stress and other factors can lead to arthritis flair up. My doc put me in this headlock twist move and popped it pretty good. It helped a bit but I really just needed to wait. He could only give me sleeping aids (because it would keep me up most nights) and told me to take something for the pain.
My mom watched my oldest son for the first year until the daycare we wanted would take him. Currently with son #2, my mom does 3 days and MIL does 2 days, so I know all about this. I'm not sure how long you are staying out of work but hopefully by the time you return, your child will be on some sort of schedule. Talk to your parents and tell them feeding and nap times and that you want them to stick to it or as best they can. We brought over sets of toys to each grandmothers houses. We bring diapers when they need. We keep clothes over there. We bought car seats for each of their cars. We also had an extra crib so I set it up in the spare bedroom. Grandma two, we bought them a pack &amp; play. Basically just don't expect them to buy anything. Of course, if they are anything like our grandparents they can't help but buy stuff lol. It's ok to tell them that you have certain rules (screen time or whatever it is that you are big on). Just be prepared to be a little easy on them and let some things slide. There's going to be times where they get sick so be prepared to work around this. Lastly, be thankful for their help. Even if they do 95% (miss a nap or something) on some days still be thankful for having loving and willing grandparents who are offering you help. I don't know how we would have managed without them and I be sure to let that be known.
I'd back off a little. When we pushed our dude to try for overnight potty training, I think we over did it. He was dry in nighttime diapers for a week. We made a big deal about it and told him we would do regular underwear. Well he wasn't ready and would be extremely upset when he had a nighttime accident. Then we started noticing that he was starting to blink constantly. Yup, you guessed it, we stressed him so hard that he developed a tic. At least that is what the doctors thought. Luckily it went away after a few months.
The NFL would fine him for making a gun gesture.
Every mention of "I don't smoke weed" is followed by "but do you drink coffee or drink alcohol?" "you're such a hypocrite"
I'm almost certain this is what happened.
Do you know how many people have had children and still followed their dream? I'd say millions and millions. You're only making excuses.
I'm ____ and I just don't give a fuck.
Sometime after birth, I realized I gained super hearing powers and could hear my sons cry from damn near around the block. So yeah, we never used one.
Our 1st did as well. We did everything short of giving him medicine for it. Nothing we did worked. So we just adapted and a towel became part of our wardrobe. Time was the only thing that helped.
I don't remember the exact time frame. I do know that he wasn't spitting up when he started daycare at 1.
&gt; Play Thunderstruck on the guitar. Damn I was hoping the link was a tutorial. I have guitars but don't know how to play. My son would love if I could play that.
Ain't that the truth. One of the positives to becoming a parent is all the super powers we develop.
I'd party with this dude.
Magic bullet. Nothing magic about it. In reality it just sits in your cupboard taking up room.
&gt; what OP is expecting He's just wanting to find porn stars and probably go through their history to jerk it. I mean, that's what I'd do.
Yall need to calm the fuck down
I'd never buy clothes online. I can see so many errors happening with this. They charge your card because they didn't receive the other back in time. Shipper loses it, get charged. You say you returned it, but didn't, you get charged until they make a shipping claim. Seems like way too much hassle.
80-90 hours a week will burn out anyone and then you added a newborn to the equation. My experience is that I still see my friends and get bro nights. My wife also has her girl nights. Take time for yourself but be prepared to reciprocate for your wife. The only thing that changed is that its usually a better idea to tell my wife a day or so in advance. The spur of the moment things are tough on a partner. Also if you have family around to help, take advantage of it. Get out with your wife and treat her like your wife. As far as night time sleeping struggles it helped my wife and I to alternate nights waking up with the baby. Typically around 6-9 months you should be able to get your baby to sleep through the night. Schedule is the key here. To answer your question, I find my quality of life has improved ten fold. I used to think my nights of closing out bars on the reg was an awesome life but when I look back at it now I think I may have been suppressing something. I'd also say it does get better. For the first 6-9 months you are basically surviving and learning the ways of your child. But maybe I'm crazy. Currently have two (3years and 9months) but I'd have 10 kids if I could afford it.
inb4 "hit the gym, bro"
Is it possible you are over feeding him? When we introduced food our son started being weird on his bottle before bed and not sleeping as well. We cut down the amount we were giving him and all was normal again. Could be a coincidence though and this may just be a phase.
Probably not enough o-lineman on the field
Everybody expresses their emotions/love/feelings differently. Some don't talk about it but have tells by the things they are doing. Someone once recommended the book "5 love languages" or some shit like that and it helped me understand my kids (I used kids because they often don't communicate like your SO) and why they do certain stuff. I'm not all in to that type shit but it made sense to me. Or you can just go the communicating route. Ask questions and all that shit.
Bottled water Monster HDMI cables Beats by Dre amirite guys?
Bro, I believe its in the Geneva Convention, that once a girl has taken property of her mans sweater/hoodie, it is then their property never to be seen again by said man.
Thanks?
I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this information. Thanks?
Holy fuck, I can see you jerkin UK dick from all the way over here.
Anyone with a toddler knows this is almost a daily occurrence.
Pussy &gt; no pussy
It probably depends if reddit still hates them.
All he had to do was add bottled water and he would have been golden.
We make our own food. At the beginning we leaned on this website [Wholesome Baby Food](http://wholesomebabyfood.momtastic.com/). There's a lot of good recipes on there and other good information. We started at 6-months with just some avocados to get him used to eating. It's a nice soft food, easy to mash and easy to get the consistency desired. Then moved on to sweet potatoes. Throw one in the oven, cook 1+hours, cut and blend. One makes a surprisingly amount of servings. Here on reddit, you'll get a lot of baby lead weaning responses, but that just scares me so we decided to do purees. It's easy. Basically steam a veg, in a stove top steamer. Them toss them in a the mixer. We did get a "baby food" mixer as a present but it was just a smaller version of the one we already had so we don't use it. We store them in these exact [containers](http://www.toysrus.com/product/index.jsp?productId=12066912&amp;cagpspn=plab_11141274&amp;camp=PLAPPCG-_-PID11141274:BRUS&amp;eESource=CAPLA_DF:12066912:TRUS). Could probably find something a bit cheaper but these are great and stack nicely in the freezer. It's just important to remember, that at this stage, it is basically for practice. Majority of their nutrients should be coming from milk/formula. We also learned that it is easy to over feed, causing stomach pains and sleeping issues. Those couple of nights sucked. They don't need much at all, there little baby stomachs can't handle it. Edit to add a suggestion: I'm not sure where you are but look into produce companies in your area. We have one that picks them, flash freezes them, and sells them in bulk (8-10lb bags) at an extremely discounted price. They only sell, to public, every couple of months but we got on their mailing list to be informed of said days.
It really is as simple as steaming them and then blending them really well. For more insight, go to that website I had in my original comment. While I've heard of the rejecting foods after starting with fruit but it never happened to me. Keep offering, if that happens, eventually they will take to it.
Well it was more of a "what do you think of me asking your daughter to marry me?" I was not asking can I, more of what do you think and what do you have to say about it. Had he said no, I would have asked why he thought I wasn't a good fit and went from there. Although I knew they loved me so I already knew their answer. Before I even asked the dad, her mom told me she had a ring (grandmothers wedding ring) that I can propose to her daughter with.
&gt; Cunningham didn't come close I use to enjoy watching him. I remember being upset at how I thought it was unfair that they had to play in the fog bowl. I thought that was his year.
Bud Light. Superior drinkability bro.
If it got to that point, I'd ask myself if I wasn't putting them on right or not changing them often enough.
Based on their user name alone, I'd believe they have a good reason.
Yeah me and my two brothers damn near ate my mom out of a house when we were that age. I'd bet its just that but it wouldn't hurt to talk to his doc.
I took my son for his 3rd birthday to see Planes 2. I picked the earliest time showing on a Sunday so it wouldn't be packed. He was never much into watching a full movie but he did well. The only problem I had was that he wanted to sit on the floor instead of the chair. We were right behind the railing so I said whatever dude go ahead.
Well, uh I guess I, deep down, am feeling a little confused. I mean, suddenly, you get married, and you're supposed to be this entirely different guy. I don't feel different. I mean, take yesterday for example. We were out at the Olive Garden for dinner, which was lovely. And, uh, I happen to look over at a certain point during the meal and see a waitress taking an order, and I found myself wondering what color her underpants might be. Her panties. Uh, odds are they are probably basic white, cotton, underpants. But I sort of think, well, maybe they're silk panties, maybe it's a thong. Maybe it's something really cool that I don't even know about.
It was just a line from a movie (Old School) I watched last night. I don't know why, I just thought it would fit right in this post. I'm happily married
You don't need to go spilling your beans. It's just a movie quote and I thought it would fit right in this post. It's not cheating. I'm happily married.
Not confused. I just happened to watch Old School last night and thought that quote would fit right in to this post.
Old School
Umm what? I'm so confused right now.
You got a fucking dart in your kneck
Nah I'm good. Sorry for being funny.
The problem is that you keep telling yourself there's a chance you will be with her again. Get that out of your head and you'll be able to move on.
I love Atlanta the city but their interstate where every lane becomes an exit lane sucks balls.
The top answer is always Cailou in these.
&gt; Im a dog lover, I like my dog more than most people I've meet. My unpopular reddit opinion is that I hate people who are like this.
East coast works for me. 1pm is a good time to start getting drunk. Anything before then and people might say you have a problem.
nah it's more like animals &gt; humans
The only thing I'll admit that he's good at is special teams.
Nah she's never been that way. That said, more often then not, she's had an IUD in, so there wasn't much of the time of the month thing.
This sums it up for me: sorry is the fool who trades his soul for a corvette thinks he'll get the girl, he'll only get the mechanic what's missing? he's living a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, the sun is going down the moon is out, but he's drunk and shouting, putting people down he's pissing, he's living a day he'll soon forget counts his money every morning the only thing that keeps him horny locked in a giant house, that's alarming the townsfolk, they all laugh sorry is the fool who trades his love for high-rise rent seems the more you make, equals the loneliness you get and it's fitting, he's barely living, a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, there is not a sound he's lying dead clutching benjamins, never put the money down he's stiffening, we're all whistling a man we'll soon forget
You can check to see what excursions are available the day of her birthday or whenever during the trip. Perhaps pay for one that you will know she'll enjoy.
I wrote a L &amp; R in his shoes and told him L is for left and R is for... you guessed it right. He's known letters and sounds for a long time though. I also, from day one when putting socks or shoes on, would tell him give me your left foot (or right) and then put them on. I rarely just said give me your foot. I always called them L or R and he picked up on it at an early age.
Nope. We don't text much. We're on the same schedule so we're home at basically the same times.
spooky and precious at the same time.
yeah thats probably not the best idea.
I read once that you should make sure the area is completely dry before applying diaper rash cream. It seemed to work better when I started doing it this way. They were never as bad as what you're describing though.
Makes sense to me. How many different ways can I tell her that I want a BJ
The year or so when they are at that perfect height is the worst. Fun age but dangerous
&gt; What kind of crappy shirts wear out in only a few months If I could, I'd wear a plain white t-shirt every day. Let me tell you, after a couple months of washing them, they are either really shrunk or stained by something. Every time I'm at a store I usually just grab a 3-pack of plain white tees because I know I'll need them soon.
I'd say supplement her for a few days and see if she gets back to eating. Maybe a week and if she's still not eating bring her in to your pediatrician. By supplementing I mean a Pediasure Nutrition Shake or something like that. My son loves them and he thinks they are a treat because we call the a shake.
I will and I'll bring my pretty diaper bag with me.
My 4 year old would move in with grandma if he could.
&gt; but I'm not going to join the big game of make-believe where everybody pretends it's not obviously and substantially inferior to staying in the care of a dedicated parent. I just have to disagree with you here. I put both my kids in full time daycare at 1. I'm in the camp that it's good for them.
Say no then. Nobody is making you make up an excuse. If you say no enough then don't be surprised when those friends eventually stop inviting you.
I guess we've always been able to be open with each other. However after the birth of our first child via c-section, I knew there wasn't anything I could throw at her that she wouldn't be able to take. She was literally open to me at that moment.
&gt; OCD, PTSD, or ADHD Here's a few other terms that every redditor seems to be/have and I just want to tell them to STFU. Nerdy, introvert, awkward, anxiety, depression. Also not every one of yalls parents are narcissist.
Make me fries
Wouldn't bother me at all. I'd find it a bit flattering. He's not handling it well for whatever reasons. I'd say just do your thing at this party. If he comes talk to you then be nice.
[Yeah, umm about that](http://imgur.com/Ufbr5ej)
For us it was about whether the child was sleeping through the night before we asked the grandparents. I'm sure they would have done it before then but we didn't want to be a burden.
&gt; because she's depressed and if she doesn't she might start hurting herself again. I'm out
My friends and I will walk right out of the place if they have all dude bartenders. It's just our preference to have one.
As a vendor (not of lighting) the first step to sell your equipment is to a.) get in the engineers specs or better yet b.) be basis of design. How exactly is that shady? We vendors have our engineers that love us and some prefer other vendors. Sure we take them to lunch, drinks and such but thats just part of sales.
To me it seems a lot of the responses are "Oh no this company is making more than I think it should"
Everyday about 2pm it hits me hard and I wonder what my little dudes are up to. My oldest has been going for the last 3.5 years and our youngest just started 2 weeks ago. I wish I could tell you it goes away but it hasn't for me.
I'm not buying it
My wife also called around lunch time of the first day. Totally normal.
Well, at least you have food taken care of when we get lost
A little hard to give specific advice when you did not give us any specifics about what makes him grumpy or what causes the tantrums. So I'd just like to say it's just a phase and it will pass.
Why not PEAR?
Free. It was passed down from her grandmother. I think we spent about $400ish for mine. Size isn't a huge deal as you can get it re-sized.
I vaguely remember them giving us a few eye/hearing test throughout the year when in elementary school. For some reason I want to say the people administering the test were mobile. Memory is a bit foggy so don't remember if it was in their mobile thing or if they brought the equipment in an office.
I don't know what I did but my two favorite bands announced they will be coming here within two weeks of each other (late March &amp; early April). I'm fucking pump so thank you Gods.
Yes
This is a real condition. When my wife and I were looking last year I became addicted to looking at every house on the different websites. I'd then binge watch shitty shows about buying/flipping houses, do it your self renovations, that one with the two gay looking brothers and just about every other housing related show I could find. It was way too exciting. Then we finally bought and all the urge went away.
Shout out to all the people who don't know what the opposite of IN is
&gt; I'm in a gangsta-rap video, I leave. There was black people there
I'd personally suck it up. Retire from the military in my late 30's. Get a check while going to school. Then start double dipping in your mid 40's. This was my plan before the accident :(
That young I'd just use those finger brush things. I wouldn't wake a sleeping 2-month old so I'd just do it whenever in the morning and again in the afternoon.
&gt; And my wife and I have decided even after our first child is born we will keep it going That's cute. I remember when we were about to have our 1st child. The baby book was going to be so lovely. Then baby happens
Oh yes, another "I hate Trump" circlejerk is about to go off. These always turn out well.
I've always thought the games look better on Fox compared to CBS. So yes I've noticed a difference. But it could be due to them having a dolphins vs jets game on every week. I swear they play every week and I'm over it
In my early years I'd say whatever because I just need a place to crash. As I got older, I plan accordingly to have my own bed. You're mid-40's, pay extra to have a room for yourself.
I'm guessing that you took your ball and went home when you weren't picked.
My suggestion is to ask your doctors.
I've got news for you. That kid has just as much right as your bitch ass to be outside, grocery store, dr office or anywhere else. This just makes you sound like a bitch.
My only thing was that I was going to find the DJ, have an open bar, and pick out the entrees. Flowers and decorations just aren't my thing. I wouldn't know where to start with that stuff. My idea of decorating (a house) would be 4 white walls. I did make sure that I was there when seeing the florist and stuff like that. She'd show me stuff, for my opinion, but it was ultimately her decision. That doesn't mean I wasn't excited.
[Here's one posted just a few days ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/5qopvw/super_bowl_li_prop_bet_sheet/) There were a few more if you google "SB prop bets reddit". You could probably find them on other sites too.
Why tho? I legit like and prefer bud light. Screw your strong recommendations.
Yeah just don't wait until 30 minutes before kick off
I had to laugh at their hair when I saw him talking to Sean Weatherspoon last night.
I like this guy! I don't care what every one else is saying about you.
WTF is a Rick and Morty I see mentioned on reddit a million times a day? Whatever that is, that's what I'm sick of seeing.
I don't hate it, in fact I've never watched it. Question asked what was I tired of hearing about so I answered.
Doesn't seem like he was lying when he was telling everyone you're insane.
I'm 38... If it's my mom, two brothers, nieces and most cousins, I'd help without thinking about it. If my dad calls, I'll help if I don't have anything else planned. Kind of how you'd treat a drinking buddy.
Was almost legal in FL at a .086. That extra 6 got him
Hate dogs and pretty much the entire idea of having a pet (except a gold fish). Hate is maybe a strong word but definitely uncomfortable. Probably stems from me being attacked and pushed into a cactus when I was around 5.
It can be done and still look like a normal person. BUT there's a fine line to crossing over to looking like an emo high school kid.
Coffee Sometimes I'll take a bite or two of whatever my kids didn't eat. I'm just not hungry that early in the day. But sometimes that pancake I made for them looks too good to throw away.
Either you made this entire thing up. Or you give off whore-ish vibes? I'm going with option A
Bud Light
I got shot from what started out as one of those teenage "what are you looking at" arguments.
Ugh lol it's almost guaranteed any drink without lid will be spilled by one of my kids. I know that well and carry a towel in the diaper bag.
Like how late? We had our 1st child when I was 33 and another when I was 36. They're 6 &amp; 3 now. It's great. I want about 10 babies but we're finished because my wife thinks she's too old to start over. I don't know what more to say. I love it. Any specific question?
Walking out of a bar pretty late. I was drunk AF and had taken some xanax. Parking lot pretty empty but one car was sitting under the light pole. It called out to me and said "oh I bet you can jump over me (the long way)". I just took off running. My jump attempt was basically just running up the front and over. It was late and the back trunk had a bunch of dew on it. My legs flew right out from under me. Landed on the parking lot right on my ass and my wrist taking most of it. My arm was swollen for about 2 weeks.
Unless you're at the bar everyday I wouldn't stock limes. Buy those when you know guest are coming over. You'll probably want some mixers (? like little straws to stir), cocktail napkins or coasters, keep a towel or two in there, the little rubber mat thing that you poor drinks on, those metal cups that they shake shit up with, salt, a couple bottle openers. You get the gist, non perishable shit. As far as drinks. I believe there's an app that will tell you every drink ever. I'd also get a book that has the basics covered.
Ok you tried your best with clothes, haircut and gym. All of those don't mean shit if you act like a fuck wad. Chalk this one up as being too drunk and you made some mistakes.
Most places have a noise ordinance and you can get ticketed for loud music. The beach here used to be big on handing out tickets for it. I've gotten a few, they were around $35.
I'm so sick of this stupid shit. Can we all agree on the following? Guy - don't go around slapping titties in efforts of showing your interest in a lady. It's fine to show interest and hit on a lady until she says you ugly bruh. Women - don't get mad and cry sexual harassment (unless at work) when a man hits on you or shows interest. Say nah bruh you ugly. Then yall both just move on with life and be happy.
Duh universal income bruh
Meeting bitches online was basically just for some tit pics. When I got bored I'd just move on. It doesn't take much effort to fake interest online for some tit pics.
My girlfriend can only have three male friends. The Father, the son and the holy spirit. I don't play that best friend shit.
What's the saying. A vegan cat is a lot like a transgendered 4 year old. We all know who's making the decisions.
There's actually been some studies done. It's very early to draw conclusions but it seems mass shootings happen in clusters. Same with suicide amongst younger people.
With my wife, when we were BF/GF, I believe we went to the bar with some friends. Our wedding anniversaries, we go to the same beach we went for our honeymoon.
You mean your texting/messaging game is strong. Texting/messaging is easy AF, because you can be perfect every time by deleting/editing/coming up with the perfect answer etc... Your game is weak if you're not doing it in person.
Lol that's probably true
Get a very basic cook book. If you can read and follow directions, you can cook.
I've slept with every single ex GF in the past. It goes fine for a while. Then one of yall will catch feelings again, be hurt when it's not mutual, then you'll cut it off (you may go through this process more than once). OR one of you will find a new SO and cut it off. If you can deal with that, go for it.
Either she got a large asshole or you got a small dick. No way you just go "surprise I'm in your ass.
Nothing better than a nice day at an outside beach bar, some dude on an acoustic guitar in the corner, drinking beer, and eating crabs for 3-5 hours.
9
I'd look into what they call "wall racks" if you really want them flat. A lot of places use these for blueprints. They even have mobile ones on wheels. [Here's what I'm talking about. This is a wall one](https://www.amazon.com/Safco-5030-Sheet-Hanging-Clamps/dp/B00006IC1Q/ref=sr_1_cc_5?s=aps&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516206375&amp;sr=1-5-catcorr&amp;keywords=poster+rack)
Go towards the bottom of that link, to the what others have viewed section, and they have one on wheels. Could probably fit in the corner of a closet.
This is called bottle rot. It wasn't because it was strawberry milk. It could be regular milk or juice and do the same. You are not supposed to let a child go to sleep sucking on a bottle (water would probably be fine though). Some parents just elect to do it because it was easier to get them to sleep at the time and then eventually stuck with it. Also some new parents don't know about it.
My oldest only drinks milk, water &amp; occasionally gatorade if at a party or something. We brushed and flossed every night. He teeth look great and are clean but he got a cavity around 5 years old. The only thing we could think of, is nightly he wants an apple for a snack. We did everything we thought was the right thing. BUT we just didn't think of flossing after his apple snack. My wife was brought to tears a few times. Don't beat yourself up over it.
That just seems like you have to go by the book and exhausting. I just winged it, start hanging &amp; banging, then eventually they'd ask if we were BF/GF.
Ice tea. Can be unsweet. Can be a little sweet. Or Atlanta (southern) sweet. I don't care, just give me some damn ice tea. Oh and I love that Arizona Sweet Tea. 99c for that big ass can My drink food group: Beer / Ice Tea Water
Looks help get your foot in the door. Not being an autist, and being able to hold a conversation/be interesting/funny etc, keeps the door open.
You could use your words and ask him when he'd like to see you again. If he keeps saying yeah, but not following through, you should probably get the hint he has no intentions to.
I like to email them to myself and then never make them.
It's one of two things neither of which you can help with. 1 - It's her being extremely manipulative and using the "suicide" to control you 2 - She is actually suicidal. She needs help you can't give her. I personally think it's option 1. Don't want to chance that? Well next time she sends a suicidal message, contact her parents and the authorities immediately. You've tried to help, she won't let you which leads me to believe option 1, the only other thing is to send the professionals.
Look at it this way. You have 1st hand experience on how it goes. Many women do not realize they're in abusive relationships until it's too late. You should be able to identify abusive behaviors at an earlier stage due to witnessing it and be able to get out. Also I don't hold people accountable for other peoples behavior.
I'm 98% sure
There's two types of people. People in real life and people of the internet. 95% of the shit reddit circlejerks about, I've never experienced in real life. I judge and live my life on real life experiences. If you can't, you need a break from social media.
I just recently did two of them that my son got for Christmas. Read the instructions and it goes as planned. It's soak the pot in water for a while. Put a certain amount of seeds and water in a mixing cup. Stir and wait until it becomes almost gel like. Spread on the pot. The KEY is to not have big clumps of seeds or they won't glow. Spread lightly and evenly. Oh I think it says wait 24 hours before you fill it up with water
It's just an internet term to make people feel better about being ugly in their natural state.
What country are you in?
At home just boxers. Hotel, I'll usually keep some basketball shorts on and maybe a wife beater.
Yes the wave is sufficient. If they continue to honk, pull beside and give dirty looks etc, just give them a big thumbs up. They love it.
I can't eat or drink anything in a bathroom.
I'll be real, if a friends told me he was, i'm gonna need the details. If he wasn't handcuffed/tied up/jumped by some 6'4" bitches and held down, I'd probably laugh at him.
Unlike the hollywood type, you ain't raping me because I fear losing my job. I have some morals and a backbone and wouldn't go for that. Cry rape on me? go ahead and we'll see what happens in court.
Odds are you will not be rejected 100% of the time. So I just see it as one rejection out of the way.
My personal opinion in them is they are good for some tit pics and piece of ass when we do get to meet. I'll even show interest, which is easy to do during text, to keep them coming in. No doubt I'd be looking around for some local though.
If you're a girl and only a friend. You're getting treated the same as one of my bros. Same convos, jokes, outings, everything.
Insects are not equals. Do you ever walk outside? Do you know how many tiny insects you've killed just by doing so?
A think a lot of these new age sexual assaults are laughable at best. And that's where my thoughts went on the question.
If they have a job and are able to support themselves then I'd expect them to be out. If something came up, where they had to move back, I'd be ok if they had a goal of being back out. I don't want someone capable of living on their own and electing to live with their parents. If said parents can not take care of themselves I'd be totally ok with he staying there.
According to OP. Then that should mean 100% of gun owners graduated college and only 3% non owners did.
I had fun and enjoyed the process. My idea of not rushing, was to never initiate the BF/GF talk. That didn't mean I wasn't trying to be awesome to them, I just never have a rush to define it. I always know it's coming but I let them do it. I've dated a lot but I've never been the one to initiate that part. Take it easy and be sleazy. Have some fun and poke the inside of their tum.
"She posted a selfie on facebook so I dumped her. I can't deal with that level of narcissist" - reddit
The most difficult for me is the constant worrying. Also we've got awesome grandparents who beg us to drop them off for a weekend all the time. So we do, and we do go out and have some fun. BUT damn you miss them when they're gone lol. I'd just like to have my brain back for a little bit.
I can't say I've run into this. The play dates thing I can kind of understand. We only go with a couple of them. That's only because those parents were more receptive to us and actually talked with us. So we kind of stuck together.
Why don't you tell us the real reason they disowned you or are judgmental to you but not your piece of shit cousins. Or you gonna stick with the "I did nothing wrong" routine?
When I was carjacked, the dude (black) told me I better fucking run cracka. That was pretty discriminatory.
Those and just about everything else imaginable. There's not enough pages on the internet to type them all out.
I'll swear that I do in fact struggle to fall a sleep on full moons.
If she doesn't kiss me on the first date. I'm done. HUGE red flag.
Well looking at the place you would have known how bad it was. Talking to her before moving in and you would have come to a roommate agreement. TLDR: You supposed to do this shit before moving in. The only thing you can do now is ask her to sit down and come to an agreement. Separate food/ or one buys this week Bills Privacy Cleaning
BUT woman can get drunk and make out with their best friend and not be a lesbian. A best friend is basically family. They weren't full on tongue fucking. I read this is they were just having drunk fun and are probably just close. That's more believable than two cousins secretly banging. I think OP just got jealous AF and needs to get over it.
My wife and I don't care if the other goes. We've been together. Sometimes it's a spur of the drunk moment and you just end up at one late, so there's no asking prior to going. When she ask, the next day, what I did last night I'll tell her. Our only rule is don't go overboard with money. She knows I've been known to drop $500 easily lol. She'd rather I not do that.
She's going to continue to manipulate you until you stand your ground.
Yes it does become uncomfortable. A pump is a life save for a woman who goes back to work. I guess, if they are a stay at home mom, they can just feed when too full.
My wife and I play catch with the football while the kids are running around doing their thing.
Because they are smaller than my shoe. I don't even bother getting rid of the ones in my garage. They're just the long skinny ones that won't bother me and I believe they fight the bugs for me. I'll get rid of them about once a year but that's about it.
I cheated on many women back in my day. I'm pretty sure I eventually got caught every time. Mistakes? Well I just didn't care enough to try and hide it that well.
Beer. Bud Light if I'm buying but wouldn't turn down any free beer.
I was pretty shy before I got my first GF. The lost v to her blah blah blah. I went to spring break and ending up cheating with this girl. A light came on inside me "woah girls want to fuck me" so I dumped my GF and became a manwhore for a while. Cured my shyness too.
My mind immediately goes to would I or nah
Own up to it. Only a year suspension and rehab is getting off easy. Own up, do what is needed of you and realize that you can move forward from this. And stop ordering drugs online, dumbass.
Many stupid people have flourished, whether that be school or career. Just don't use it as an excuse to not do what you need.
Years ago when I was in a tight spot I was offered hourly plus commission. I just told him, I really don't think I can do commission at this time and need something more stable (higher hourly). So he said no problem, gave me more hourly with an opportunity to go to commission whenever I felt I was ready. I've now been here 17 years.
Xanax. It became exhausting hanging out with him. Then go out and add alcohol to that and it can get out of control or embarrassing. We tried a lot to talk to him but he chose them over us.
Guaranteed this isn't his first time reaching out to one. I'd say he's even met up with at least one of them. Here's what's going to happen: You'll stay with him because you're weak. You will constantly worry if he's lying. ALL THE TIME you'll think he's lying and it will drive you mad. You'll catch him lying again. Stay longer because you're weak. Eventually, way too late, you'll finally leave him. You'll end up kicking yourself for being stupid enough to waste all that time with him. Do you want to live like that?
To answer your questions. Yes Yes Doubtful
So a bachelor party right? No it is not acceptable to skip this. This means a lot to him. Suck it up dude and go have some fun and quit self wallowing.
No it's not ok to miss it. That's your bro. He's been there before whatever you're going through and will be there after. This isn't about you, suck it up and do it for him.
I'd tell him stop being an attention whore. If he can, hit me up and we'll hang out sometime.
Hmm well if he's within the city of Boulder, [here's their website](https://bouldercolorado.gov/police/request-crime-reports-records) with instructions on how to obtain records. That said, it looks like they charge for their records. Here in Florida, all records are public so it's free.
Well it's been 39 years and hopefully forever until I die. Keep them trimmed you dirty fuckers
I'd take it as his way of saying STFU so your parents don't catch yall banging in their house. BUT then his "are you looking for attention" just leads me to believe he's an autist. That's confusing to say and maybe he just didn't know what to say.
Bud Light is my favorite beer period. That superior drinkability!
2% difference. Check my math though, it's been a while.
I wish I could delete other peoples post
Huge red flag! I'd never let my girl disrespect me like that. I'd need to sign up for a gym membership and start doing some hobbies.
I was backpacking, off the beaten path in a more non-touristy place, so I could become the most cultured anyone has ever cultured. Ended up making sweet love to this women. She showed me culture like I've never seen. I became embarrassed of all my US friends who never became cultured.
If you're ok working/living in a college town being surrounded in pussy then it's as good as any place. It's not too far of a drive to awesome beaches. Can get a little redneckish the further away from the college you get. It does get hot down here. Leave your ice fishing equipment back in MN.
I can understand why they wouldn't accept those hours as you've already volunteered for that place and may know people who would forge the hours. BUT what kind of law enforcement is this? I'm guessing this must be campus police?
Tell them you already have a payment plan with the hospital and have not missed a payment.
I've been many time (live a couple hours South) but really only for college type stuff (football games, parties etc). I found it awesome in those scenarios. Don't know much of the day to day life.
Who the hell would be surprised and shocked by that? That's just a common decency thing to do. I'm not saying that doesn't happen, but that doesn't happen.
First thing you need to do is read every single word on the paper work you signed. That will give you a clearer answer. My guess is, you're not getting shit since you declined insurance.
I'm physically matured, life matured (is that a thing?), but mentally I wonder sometimes. I'm 39, sometimes I sit back and think "Now, I know damn well my mom/dad/grandparents weren't doing stupid shit like this when they were this age". Maybe I just have a skewed version since I was a kid but I can't picture it at all.
There are places that do public shared places. We have one at our local recreation complex. I'm forgetting the actual name of what they call these places but read about them on the DIY sub. They're lacking a lot of stuff but maybe a place like Chicago would have more equipment. If I can think of the actual term of these places, I'll let you know. I personally couldn't live without my garage. Lol I'm big DIY/making shit I don't really need.
Say "at least your eyesight is still perfect"
Lionel Playworld was the shit. It was a toy store. Went out of business years ago. But I remember my brothers and I looking at the back of nintendo game boxes deciding which game to get.
Wow at you adding the "no children" part. That is you telling yourself that he'd have an easier out of his marriage. You're a special kind of whore. Keep your mouth shut.
Yes I said every police shooting is your own fault. Maybe you need to brush up on your reading comprehension skills. I'd also say in that scenario, of being broke down, you're 99.999% safe if you cooperate with them. They probably there to help you.
I disagree
She's not a bully for telling you that she thinks you're doing a shit job.
You telling me a cop is just gonna roll up on you, because your car is broke down, and start shooting you? Nah I'm sure something happened to get it to that point.
Nah, I just didn't want to sugar coat it. She'd probably it that too if I did.
ugh. Sugar is something you eat. So if I sugar coated it, she might eat that too. It's a joke.
Anything? Well, uh I guess I, deep down, am feeling a little confused. I mean, suddenly, you get married, and you're supposed to be this entirely different guy. I don't feel different. I mean, take yesterday for example. We were out at the Olive Garden for dinner, which was lovely. And uh, I happen to look over at a certain point during the meal and see a waitress taking an order, and I found myself wondering what color her underpants might be. Her panties. Uh, odds are they are probably basic white, cotton, underpants. But I sort of think well maybe they're silk panties, maybe it's a thong. Maybe it's something really cool that I don't even know about.
Sometimes out of pure laziness. Sometimes it's because I already strapped the kids in and there's not a corral close to my car. Sometimes it's because the place is lacking on cart corrals. If it ain't within about 5-7 spots from me, they can kiss my ass. Also I like to give the cart boy/girl something to do. In my days, we had fun outside gathering carts. It makes the day go by.
I do keep that in mind so it's out of the way. I'm not completely inconsiderate. Also keep in mind runaway carts, so it usually propped up so it won't go anywhere.
Y’all dumb fucks keep coming up with the rare times it has happened that’s I why I said that. It’s probably a 99.99% success rate when cooperating with cops.
Basketball because of the accessibility. Just grab a ball and go to the courts. Join a pick up game. Or it's fun to shoot around by yourself. It's easy to do everyday if you want. Football is my favorite sport but it takes planing getting enough people together. Or have to join some stupid ass league and nobody got time for that.
He played the shoulder to cry on / best friend roll but really was trying to bang the entire time. Would give one sided pep talk while she was down about her real BF. Classic bitch move if you ask me. I'd tell her to shit or get off the pot. I'm not here just for your attention seeking.
Shania Twain. It wasn't even weird though because she was just as fucking hot in real life.
Hmm I feel you're trying to say teachers suck. If not I'll tell you. I'm not even a teacher. BUT I do have a passion for teaching and always wanted to be a teacher. I didn't do the college shit and landed in a good job I've been at for 16 years. I still think about actually finishing college to go teach and make less money than I do now. I think some people just love teaching and that's what get's them in it.
Most things that become too popular will soon get the bandwagon hate of the internet. Not many things can survive it.
Lol yeah man. This was probably 12ish years ago and she was beautiful!
I had a card that was missing the last two letters of my first name. No issue at all. I'm pretty sure it was just because of space. But if it bothers you that much there's usually a number on the back.
Nah. My friends and I use to play a lot of Madden when we were younger. It got boring to me so I haven't played in years. My oldest son thought my PS3 was a DVD player until he was around 5 years old. I bought him some cheap racing game and it blew his mind that it played games. I only let him play on Sundays and I can't even watch without getting bored.
I knew that was a song...settle down
Probably as simple as "Oh look how cool I am for not liking this popular thing" then "oh yeah, me too, I hate that thing" "Oh I do too" Just edgy, you know?
I was dropping her off and she said "so are you going to kiss me or what?" Damn right I wanted to but she had been throwing weird signals at me the few times we went out. That was a start of a 1.5 year relationship. But why would I ever feel threatened or cornered when a women has expressed their interest?
Yeah but you been on reddit for a year. You know damn well this is a weekly US hate circlejerk.
Congrats you have an immature 18 year old BF. Most 18 year olds are.
You play stupid games, you're gonna win stupid prizes. Quit all interaction with them. At most tell them you are going to the authorities.
I meant if you keep going along with it then you're playing their stupid game. Obviously you've had a lot of interactions with them via messaging. Stop responding. Or tell them that you'll be going to the authorities. Ignore them. They are getting a kick out of getting a rise out of you. Ignore them directly but let them know you will be talking to the authorities.
Who gives a fuck who came over your house? I don't. I don't know why you keep typing that.
Um I wish. Pearl Jam is the greatest band ever!!! 4 of my 6 disc, in my CD changer are Pearl Jam CD's.
Yeah the gears in the cars get messed up if you slightly step on them. I didn't have luck with the knock-offs we bought because they didn't have the rubber on the wheels to give traction. Although grandma bought a set of them and they worked great
My wife usually just takes the kids to go see her dad and tells me to do whatever the hell I want. I'll probably go kayaking and do some fishing. Definitely at least 8-10 Bud Lights as well.
I hole-hardedly agree, but allow me to play doubles advocate here for a moment. For all intensive purposes I think you are wrong. In an age where false morals are a diamond dozen, true virtues are a blessing in the skies. We often put our false morality on a petal stool like a bunch of pre-Madonnas, but you all seem to be taking something very valuable for granite. So I ask of you to mustard up all the strength you can because it is a doggy dog world out there. Although there is some merit to what you are saying it seems like you have a huge ship on your shoulder. In your argument you seem to throw everything in but the kids Nsync, and even though you are having a feel day with this I am here to bring you back into reality. I have a sick sense when it comes to these types of things. It is almost spooky, because I cannot turn a blonde eye to these glaring flaws in your rhetoric. I have zero taller ants when it comes to people spouting out hate in the name of moral righteousness. You just need to remember what comes around is all around, and when supply and command fails you will be the first to go. Make my words, when you get down to brass stacks it doesn't take rocket appliances to get two birds stoned at once. It's clear who makes the pants in this relationship, and sometimes you just have to swallow your prize and accept the facts. You might have to come to this conclusion through denial and error but I swear on my mother's mating name that when you put the petal to the medal you will pass with flying carpets like it’s a peach of cake.
Work, pay bills, probably a few vacations. Just typical everyday stuff. There's no difference between 29 and 30.
From your comment, you just have to apologize for doing a dickhead thing and hope they forgive you. Then forgive yourself.
Yes I know. Thought the joke was obvious. Not my best effort lol.
Friends and I use to throw down on Madden but that was years ago. Never got into anything else. Shit my kids are only allowed to play on Sunday. That'll probably backfire on me when they're older lol.
You'll be fine. Cruises are meant for booze. It's not gonna help your weight loss but it's vacation. Go have fun.
I'd think a college graduate, especially one who's 4-hours away from parents, should make up her own decision on BC. Unless she's a genius 12 year old who went to college early, then she has no excuse to get on it, if that's what she wants.
Bob's Barricade. Like who the fuck is Bob and how does he own and sell every barricade or cone in the road construction business? I don't know if this is only down here in FL but you'll never see another name down here. I have to remember to look next time I'm out of town.
Because I like Bud Light for that superior drinkability! It's just what I prefer.
Just googled, because I was curios, and apparently he's only down here in FL. Damn, but he's got Florida on lock lol.
Shhh it is a copypasta. Don't tell on me
Been here almost 17 years.
Really depends on what I'm wearing. If I have a belt I'll use the flap. I'd say I'm quit ampeedextrous.
I don’t listen to the radio in my car. Just stick to my 6-disc CD changer so I’m good. Just amazes me, when I drive her car a couple times a week, that it’s all the same. Some would say the same to my CD collection lol.
No! I’ve been given French benefits to do this.
Lol that’s probably my favorite one.
I love spending time around both but not so much in it. Love a day on the lake if in a boat. Or just spending time on the beach. Too many gators in every single body of water down here. Beach is ok up until about waste deep. Why? umm I don't know but I really love being outside. I love fishing, and I'm no scientist, but I think it pretty much requires water. Nothing beats a day kayaking/canoeing and getting drunk with friends. Edit: I read the question wrong. I'd say salt water because less gators.
Geez dude. Perhaps it's time to step away from games. All this existential shit over some games? Bro take your ass outside sometime. Your entire weekend was fucked because of games! Let that sink in. Hopefully me typing makes you realize how ridiculous that sounds.
Did you PIVOT?
Wife is taking both kids to her dads. So I'm going kayaking in the morning and do some morning drinking and possibly some fishing. Come home and nap. Then invite dad over for dinner.
The roombas (think that's the one I have) are great if you have wood flooring. When you have wood flooring you can see every spec of dirt in the house, minutes after you've swept, and feel the need to sweep every day. I just programmed the thing to run while at work.
Oh I didn't even bother looking. The way they were talking about it this morning, I assumed it was a real thing. Just googled, apparently a hoax like that pops up every year or so.
My only complaint is you should have had the butcher thin slice it for you. Hell my dude at the grocery store will do it when asked. Then you kind of chop it up as it's cooking. I make regular cheese steaks about every other Sunday. Another observation. Um are your hands giant or did you make everything small?
I'd love to try if I didn't have to be naked. Sounds fun other than that part. Then again I don't think I could do a complete 3-months of complete isolation.
Most of the parks are either free or around $2. Go fuck around there. Walk some trails. Bring a football. Or go to the beach, pay some parking, and fuck around out there.
Ugh this is what's wrong with people these days. Just because someone has different views doesn't make them a bad person. Do you think this dude would have a business and would refuse black people? Answer is probably no. He just thinks a business should be allowed to run as it pleases. Which means he believes the public can also refuse to go to said business and they can fail. I think we'd be much better off, instead of running and putting your head in the sand (cutting off), we should try to learn and understand different opinions and have open dialogue. We'd probably get further along in discussions that way.
My parents did when I was 4ish or so. Can't say it's really had any impact. My mom wanted a divorce for good reason. Maybe it taught me not to put up with that BS. Guess it was hard on my mom, money wise, but her drive to succeed pushed us through it. I'd say she taught me the lesson of putting in hard work. But she probably would have even if never divorced. In short, nothing, it didn't have any impact.
Why would I not want to go? I like to party! Here's how it'll go down. You'll keep bitching out and not going, they'll start to just stop inviting you, hanging out with you less. Soon you'll have no one because you didn't put in effort to maintain friendships. You'll come to reddit and ask how people deal with depression and video game addiction. Look I'm not saying go to everyone, but you should do stuff with friends, or be left behind. Friendship is a two way street. You both need to give and receive. So sometimes that means going to a party you don't particularly want to go to. But you do and know that someday, said friends, will do something that you want and they don't really want.
I really need to stop smoking. Been too long. I'll definitely have to quit coffee and beer for about a month.
HOCKEY HAS BETTER SUPPORT THAN THE BUCS DOWN HERE IN FLORIDA. MOTHERFUCKER IT DON'T EVEN SNOW HERE.
That's why I mow my lawn every Tuesday after work and get drunk.
I make the best ribs and should probably do competitions. My next project is to start on my own BBQ sauce recipe. But my ribs are so good, my friends always request that I leave most of them un-sauced. So that seems like a waste of time. My playlist is currently 602 songs.
It's so much fun. Drunk lawn mowing should be considered a hobby, not a chore!
They got this sweet heat, kissed by the smoke of apple wood which isn't overbearing like some other woods, a one of a kind made by me rub on them, tender and juicy as fuck but I'm not coming at you with that falling off the bone over done shit. My playlist introduces a slight tinge of awesome times whilst cooking, and the Bud Lights flowing, capture you into the moment. Then at some point you jizz your pants. Just a magical event and experience that should be cherished and adorned by all.
You're both wrong. Put that shit under your bathroom sink like most adults have learned. edit: KITCHEN sink, not bathroom. Shit my original sounded as weird as OP's GF.
&gt; we're short staffed. Why don't yall hire taller people?
News flash sweetie. Yall are not in a relationship.
One of the hardest things to learn is which battles are worth fighting. It's a tough balance of forgetting about it or speaking up.
TRUMP IS PRESIDENT. HOW BIG OF AN ACHIEVEMENT CAN THAT BE? STEVE YOUNG COULDN'T EVEN PLAY WELL FOR THE BUCS AARON RODGERS GOT WEAK ASS COLLAR BONES WHICH ARE AT SOME POINT CONNECTED TO HANDS. BILL GATES IS A NERD BABE RUTH IS FAT ALCOHOLIC OPRAH JUST FAT JIMI WAS A DRUG ADDICT. ALL OF THOSE ARE DUE TO BEING LEFT HANDED
It all depends on the contract you signed. I'm of the belief, since he didn't know it was happening, he was not negligent in getting it fixed. You first high bill should have made you try to figure out what was going on and inform him. Does he mow the lawn? Or does he have a company do it?
I don't see why you wouldn't give it a fair shot with the lady. I would have low expectations going in but give a fair shot. Everyone is a rebound technically.
You need some practice young man. But a gym is 95% a no go on trying to pick up women. Next time when you're at an appropriate place to go up to women, lean to your friends and say "yo who wants to watch me get turned down?" Then go do it. It's fun, a little practice in rejection. This is what I'd do in my shy younger days. I learned something though. There's a small percentage that it works and you have a good night with some ladies. A larger percentage that it doesn't and you have fun with just your bros. But a larger percentage (100%) that it doesn't ruin your night. It's never ruined a night, only gave it a slight percentage of a better night. I like those odds.
Up North (or at least Philly &amp; Chicago since I've visited those places) it's more like honk after 0.010 seconds.
&gt; and the Bud Lights flowing
I don't understand it either around here. To me it seems like it's always "why spend money if I can't bang". Like dudes don't know how to go have fun with some friends and see a titty or two without feeling they are owed a BJ or something. Or it's why get teased when I can watch porn. Again, I'm not seeing how those in any way are alike. Or it's oh they pretend interest for your money. Well no shit every motherfucker in the service industry does the exact same shit. You go to restaurants don't you? I think a lot of people go in with the wrong intention. It should just be another night out with the bros having fun and why not throw a titty in that mix? The women are actually more down to earth if you talk to them as a regular person. They want that. Not constantly treated as a nice ass. Most times I say nah I don't want a dance but I'll buy them a drink. Most are more than pleased to sit for a few minutes have a drink and talk some bullshit. Most times, they'll say I'll be back, make some money, then come back and BS with you. Them hoes got some wild stories.
I don't see why anyone would be upset. I however do know, that said person and I would probably not have much in common. Unless you're one of those dudes who's religion is to have them, then I don't see why anyone would be upset.
I remember that add a while ago. Never knew it was legit and actually happened. That's awesome. I wold have joined in as the party dad. The one caption "I never saw so much otato salad in my life" got me.
Da fuq you talking about son?
I’m 8 or 9 deep by now. Yard finished, time to cut my hair. Then sleep by 9ish, pending on what the weed does to me. Lovely Tuesday if you ask me.
I honestly get it now. It’s been a while, around 3ish weeks give or take, but I get it now.
It’s called “my playlist” on my phone lol
Shit I leave shopping carts in the parking lot if a return isn't within 4-5 spots of me. I don't care.
I like to call it job security!
Man building your own is where all the fun is. I'm maybe 80% done with mine. I say maybe, because maybe something else pops up in my head that I want to add to it. It already has built in bluetooth speakers, so maybe I want some new shit I don't even know about.
Elevate it, ice it, get your ass some crutches, and take your ass to school.
Oh an apartment is fine for what you got. Wait until in your own place to build your own.
Hmm I mean it has a top so that's where beer sits lol. I'll add it into consideration though. Maybe I can do something totally unreasonable which I like the sound of.
I call it coke. But I may actually want a sprite or some shit.
Unfortunately a lot of dudes (especially young ones) can not control themselves being friends with a girl.
I've had many official GF's in my time. Not once did I start that conversation. I always waited for the girl to bring it up.
You do your brother a solid and don't say shit. At most you can bring it up to him, that you know, and hope that removes your guilt.
Seems like pretty standard stuff when getting a FB request from an old friend. It's always "oh hey, how you been, we should catch up sometime" but you never really plan on doing it. It seems, since it's been what 13ish years?, that she's moved on and doesn't care about it as much as you do.
That's a pretty shitty thing to do and could follow you throughout your career. How about you do the adult thing and talk to your boss about a raise? Go into that meeting, with everything you bring for the company, and explain why you think you deserve a raise.
I spent almost $1500 on a 7-day cruise. But I was young around 22, I like to drink a lot, and it was the middle of March with spring break bitches everywhere.
realtor.com is another one I've used. Though it's not much different from zillow. Honestly just google homes for rent in (city) and there's about 6 different sites all on the first page.
You're right, as soon as Obama was done with his presidency, Trump gathered up KKK member from all over the world and brought them here for when he became president. I wouldn't come either. We all hate everyone who does not look white. Obviously that's a joke and I'm thinking you're also a joke. Either you're dumb as hell to think what you typed or just trolling. You can't honestly believe it's now unsafe since Obama is no longer president.
Did you die last time? Nothing has changed.
Ribs should not take longer than 4-5 hours. I'm usually closer to 4. 5 tends to be fall off the bone, which are good and friends like it, but I do mine more competition style. Meaning they stay on but tender AF.
I want to hop on this dudes MLM scheme
Yup that’s how it is. I’m not quick to throw out the Reddit “no contact, they aren’t friends” but I had to do the same. Sucks he’s a good dude but it became too much to deal with as I got older.
Fat white male is also a pretty good description of most dudes in NE.
Dude, didn’t get your chowder today or what? Fuck you so mad about?
Bud Light Superior Drinkability TM
If your effort is hitting on every single woman you come in contact with, then yes it gets annoying as a friend and comes off as desperate. Chill with that thirsty shit and have a good time.
My kids are shy around others. I just look at them (the others) and say yeah he's shy but will usually warm up to you after a while. Then leave it be and go about my day.
Typically I can't breath from around March-Novermber. This year I've done two things different so I don't know which one is working. One, we got one of those room air filters for Christmas. Two, if I know I'll be out doing yard work or something, I'll take one of my wifes prescribed allergy pills. I have no idea what they are, and they'll probably make me grow titties or something, but I'm not stopping because I haven't had issues all year.
I'll call him up and see if he wants to come over do some drinking and grill something. But that's about it.
I refuse because I never win. Maybe no luck or something. That said, I love doing poker games with my bros and getting drunk, but I refuse at casinos and shit like that.
Umm how the fuck would that even work? I can not wrap my head around any concept of that being able to work.
My mom hit me and my wife with the same news when I told her we were looking to buy. She said here's 10K, I've done it for both your bros, now here's yours. I love parents!!!
You're not suddenly going to be happy just by relocating. Sounds good in theory but doesn't work. Odds are, you'll be in a new town, same unhappy person, but with no one around for support. Work on yourself first.
Yup I've tried numbering. I've tried bullet points. It just doesn't seem to make a different.
Born and raised in Tampa and still agree with that. Orlando is too plastic and touristy for me. Miami (south beach area) was not my crowd at all.
There's only two of us. So I don't have to deal with office politics and all that mess of large companies. I pretty much come and go as I please. I generally get here around maybe 9ish probably, who knows maybe I show at 10. I'll leave around 4:30ish sometimes sooner. No set vacation or sick days. Just don't abuse it. I usually do one full week and a bunch of Friday/Mondays to do long weekend trips. Or if my kid has a field trip my boss knows I'll be out to chaperone. Appointments can be made and I don't have to jump through hoops to schedule them with my work. I deal with a lot of contractors who are easy dealing with. They're not all proper and shit. It's pretty different on a day by day basis so it keeps it interesting.
At 16 my plan was to join the Army.
Same here. I'm not "afraid" because I know in the end I'd punt that fucker across the street. But I am definitely uncomfortable around dogs.
Nothing in real life. It never comes up. But according to reddit I'm a racist homophobic sexist nazi.
Beer. Preferably Bud Light but any beer will be drank. I learned a long time ago I go overboard when liquor is involved.
Sad but true. And I don't know if there's an end in sight to that mentality. That's got to change before it can get better.
Now, if not sooner lol, is the time to talk with her about different parenting techniques and get on the same page on different issues. It's much easier on you and the child if yall are on the same page. I'm talking, birthing, education, daycare/nanny/stay at home, discipline, night feedings while an infant, breast or formula but understand you may not have a choice, and literally a million other issues. Then the whole name thing. It took us longer to agree than expected. But fun. Then she'll probably show you a million options/themes for the childs nursery. Have fun pretending to care then pick one she likes. I had fun doing the painting and assembling all the furniture. At minimum, you better be there at her 20week ultra sound. That's when you find out the sex. And if it's your first time, the heartbeat. I thought that sound was the coolest thing I've ever heard. I wish I recorded it and saved it as my ring tone. But I was in too much shock to even speak. Understand she may be cranky/emotional/irrational all at the same time. Be more understanding during these times. Not a pushover but let shit slide because she's hauling around an extra 20something pounds and uncomfortable as shit. Any argument that happens while pregnant and during first 6 months of the childs life does not count. It's written in the geneva convention. Go to that parenting class with her. Our OBGYN held a class once a month that we went to. Wasn't the most enlightening class and pretty much seemed like common sense shit but my wife enjoyed it. Also beware that the Dr will tell you everything little thing he sees in the ultrasounds. Like "Oh I see this red dot, could be down syndrome or dead" but then says "it could also be nothing". WTF dr, I guess I'm not sleeping for 9 months. I guess he has to but it seems scary. Try not to worry about it. It's hard. I think they have to tell you for liability issues. I can probably go on forever lol. Congratulations on the baby!
Yes
Those are some precious moments! Then they get a little older, pretend to want to cuddle with you, only to let out the biggest fart on your lap and run away laughing. Or at least that's what my oldest does to my wife.
Nice. 1 year olds are such a fun phase
Hey I won't knock ya. Can't help what you're into!
Next time you see them home, go knock on their door and say I'm not leaving until I have the statue. Smashing their heads with a baseball bat would be an option. Small claims court would be another option.
[USA.gov has a page where you can report scams.](https://www.usa.gov/stop-scams-frauds) The second link on google was a page of a chat bot. Apparently you send the scam to the chat bot. The chat bot responds wasting their time. That might be funny
Umm no shit. I thought that joke was obvious.
It could be ok. But odds are one, or possibly both, will catch feelings again. Then yall will get back together and break up over the same shit 6 months down the road. Or only one will catch the feelings and drive themselves crazy wanting to be with the other one. All you're doing is prolonging breakup to avoid facing the feelings of no longer being together.
[I'm assuming NC is North Carolina. From my understanding, from NC's DMV website (linked), you can go for your regular license and not need the hours after you turn 18.](https://www.dmv.org/nc-north-carolina/apply-license.php) Here's the how to obtain if you have a permit. Apply for Your New NC Driver's License How you apply for a new North Carolina driver's license will depend on whether you obtained a learner's permit. Permit Holders If you have a learner's permit: Call your local DMV office for a driving test appointment. Some, but not all, DMV offices offer appointments. Show the appropriate documents (see “Document Requirements" below). Take and pass the driving test. Under normal circumstances, the DMV won't require any other tests; however, if you've experienced a change in vision you might be required to pass another vision exam. You'll need to bring your own registered and insured vehicle. Pay the applicable fee (see “NC Driver License Fees" below). The documents are your forms of identification. They have a list of what's considered identification on the website I linked. Maybe the lady misunderstood and thought you wanted to take it while 17. I don't think it's needed after you turn 18.
I'm just saying it is not as prevalent as it appears on reddit.
I knew I wanted when I was young (15-16ish). I also knew I wasn't ready until late. My wife and I had my 1st when I was 33. I was pretty ready at that time.
Not all banks. I know Bank of America issues temp cards or at least they use to. Call them son!
Bruh take your ass to the DMV then. You can get one the same day. May have a shitty line but you'll get it.
Where da fuq are you that it takes that long
I support the idea of it. I wouldn't be supporting the business because I have kids and like kids. Never really had an issue while flying so damn sure wouldn't pay extra. But if you want to cut out the majority of your customers (parents), I believe you should be able to and fail if it doesn't work.
Nice. My bros and I are having a poker night tomorrow. Good luck!
My bros and I are having a poker night Saturday night. Sunday my wife is taking the kids to her dads and told me do whatever. I'm planning on going kayaking in the morning and drink a few morning beers and possibly some fishing. Then come home, take a nap, then call my dad to see if he wants to come over and drink and grill something. Kayaking is probably dependent on how drunk I get at poker. You?
Geez yall motherfuckers take shit literal. I didn't think I needed to point out my obvious sarcasm. I wasn't getting involved with his round a bout argument. I think my other comment to him (I think it was him) was sufficient to support my original comment.
Thanks it seems like you know me pretty well.
We use to collect cans and take them to the machines in parking lots. But that's when they'd give you like 48 cents a pound. Now you won't get shit. Cut a lot of grass around the neighborhood. Also other things around my house that weren't my actual chores. My stepdad could always find something extra I could do for a few dollars.
Nice man have fun. I've never got into chasing the little white ball around but I did sell golf equipment for a couple years. So I guess I'd be just as bad as everyone.
Well then obviously you have the answer for OP. I don’t know why anyone else commented.
But you can’t speak those words to strangers. Maybe that’s our problem.
Bruh delete this nephew
But how will he tell me how better he is than I.
Ugh I'm the same. Almost starting to think "maybe it's me" but then I'm like nah others with shit attitudes should stay home. I swear some go out just looking to start some shit. Man stay home with that shit, I'm trying to have a good time.
Yeah man, it's always some asshole out there that ruins it for the other 99%. Just stay home.
Okay kids are still being treated like shit. We should have started this conversation years ago.
Yike man that sucks. My dad was supposed to come over or at least he said he would when we talked on Saturday. We were supposed to grill and have some beers. Never heard from him yesterday. Oh well, he missed out, not me. So I went to publix and bought the biggest ribeye I could find. Went home and made myself a fine meal.
Depends on the state you live in. Each state will vary slightly. Go to your states DMV website and they typically have a step by step instructions.
At 19 it's no longer called running away from home, it's called moving out.
[Here's their link outlining the steps you need to take](https://www.dmv.org/fl-florida/apply-license.php)
You don't need a learner's permit if over 18. Don't even think you can get one when over 18. You'll be going for your regular license.
I think a lot of people like to use a missing father as an excuse.
You want her to move out or you want to move out?
Maybe start small things that you've accomplished? Like last night, I mowed the lawn and all that shit, when finished I was like damn that looks good.
What kind of site? Most will let you send them a request for removal. Like in the old days of removing yourself from the phone book.
TheFalcoholic.com is a pretty popular website to check for Falcons news. Maybe it's from that? I also use the name for my FF team. Edit: I'm confused. Thought OP link SB Nation website. Went and it's thefalcoholic.com but now has SB nation logos. Falcoholic been around for a while. I've never noticed it was SB nation. Wonder if they bought it or something? Just googled, allegedly it's been apart of SB nation since at least 2012. Hmm I don't know anything anymore.
Nice I want to do that. I like how your budget didn't leave room for a roof rack on your car.
I bought two, dirt cheap at target during winter, and I regret it. My kids love racing me. It leaves me sore for 3-5 days.
Nice. I'm usually just buzzed/drunk and think it's a good idea.
I did and it was some of the best years of my life. My best advice is to have an agreement on everything before you move in together. Talk about everything. Food (beer to) - you buy you own it? Or split cost on shopping? Company or GF/BF - do you want overnight guest? How many days a week is too many? Do you not want them staying past a certain time? Bills - fairly straightforward Drugs - is it a no go? You can see where I'm getting at with this. Go over everything so you have a clear decision that i agreed upon.
I said it seems like you DO know me. Meaning I agree with your assessment of me. Do I need to tell you that was sarcasm as well?
If I buy my son a Ford Focus, do you think it will help?
Awesome I'll check them out. Amazon music had all of them but only the live version of grunge rock blues.
I bought a Ford Focus for my commute to work. Seems to have improved my work.
I'm pretty sure my first job as a cashier (retail store), had zero impact on anything in my life, except some spending money in high school. No I'm not a cashier.
Clearly he's not in position to give $100 and I imagine your friend the mechanic knows this. It's a nice thought. Just tell your friend thanks, we're tight on money and he helped a lot, and if he drinks maybe a case of his favorite beer. Or slide him $20 and say you wish you could do more.
Nope just drop it. Realize you got played for a dummy for a few tit pics. That's what most of these "online" things turn out.
The two wrongs argument never works.
Teacher was giving a spelling test to Susie and Buckwheat. Teacher - Susie can you spell stupid and use it in a sentence? Susie - s-t-u-p-i-d. Buckwheat is stupid Teacher - Susie can you spell dumb and use it in a sentence? Susie - d-u-m-b. Buckwheat is dumb Teacher - Buckwheat can you spell dictate and use it in a sentence? Buckwheat - d-i-c-t-a-t-e. I may be dumb, and I may be stupid, but Susie says my dictate good.
I was saying his “well alcohol is worse” is a horrible argument.
I like to get a lot of my ideas from the DIY sub. Once you get past all the circlejerky things, some people there are pretty damn creative.
Tell her and see if she offers to drive. If she doesn't want to drive, tell her you'll have to pick her up in an uber.
I drink every Tuesday or Wednesday when I mow the lawn. Then the rest of my drinking is saved for the weekends. So 2-3 times a week. I only drink beer. I can't mess with liquor.
I had to for about 4ish months. I hated everyday of it. I just always had a feeling of man I'm not supposed to be here. A lot of days, I'd decide I'd rather just go out and do cold calls. Nobody in their right mind elects to do cold calls.
My oldest son (6) finally picked his next extracurricular activity. He finished swim lessons recently (all 9 levels) and I told him he needs to pick his next. Two days ago he decided on flag football and we registered him last night. I ran his ass through the route tree last night. I'm pretty sure I'm more excited than he is.
Maybe a 5'8" lunch pail, hardworking, and scrappy Julio
Most tolls down here are for convenience. You could drive, sometimes the longer way and definitely more crowded way, by hoping on the interstate (free).
Yup most tolls down here are just convenient. You could always go the longer, more crowded, but free way.
I ask the meat guy at my grocery store if he will do it for me. Usually they'll call it thin slice or shaving it. It's a standard grocery store (Publix) but the meat guy has no problem doing it for you. Grab a ribeye off the shelf and he'll cut if up for free.
He's 14, until he can respect his authority, all his shit would be gone. Fortnite? Pfft, respect me for a fortnite and you might get it back. Fuck his mic too. That's out the window until he starts respecting. Discord? Da fuq is that? He can discord mowing the lawn and respecting his mother.
I'm not an expert. But I believe it does little to nothing, other than making the person who started the "we need to stop..." feel good about themselves. Can't imagine anyone in office ever sees them nor gives two shit about them.
Make chili. Make baked potato. Throw one on top the other.
Good work that I can't tell is done is ok. Don't come at me with them weird puffed up lips though.
Just hide out in a trailer park for a few days until it's gone.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Chalk it up as a lessoned learned.
I bump in to old friends/acquaintances all the time. It's a pretty standard line to say "oh yeah we should get together sometime and catch up" but it never happens. Odds are he just said the nice thing and doesn't really plan to.
Everyone wear their bathing suits and all women must wear white shirts.
Arizona Sweet Tea is better than any of that bullshit people in Europe drink all day!
Shit a toaster oven is a life changer. I lived 30+ years without one, until I moved in with my wife, and I'm not sure how I survived. I'd toss the microwave before getting rid of the toaster oven.
I get it. When I had my first child I refused to ever use the microwave for anything he was going to eat. I'd use it for myself but I thought it would give him cancer or something.
I never used a bed frame either until I found out Goodwill sold them for $20ish.
Me "Hey it's bath time". Child "I don't want to". Me "I'll race you to the tub". Boom bath time.
Yeah that's a pretty standard version of being let down easily 101.
Them cute ass little chubby legs, arms, and toes are just asking to be gnawed on. That little buddha belly needs a raspberry too!
I can separate the art from the artist. That's why I have no problem jamming some R Kelly. I don't care, his old songs are fire and part of my youth! Same with my favorite band Pearl Jam who are big liberal supporters and always talking. I don't care, I love the music and the passion, who cares if I don't necessarily agree with them.
Damn that took me a while.
[The hardest decision.](https://www.google.com/search?q=do+I+want+to+drink+today+or&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiK06fF6-fbAhWFu1MKHUi9DkEQ_AUICigB&amp;biw=1558&amp;bih=893#imgrc=NRxhDSHspf7RAM:)
Couple things you can try that work for me. 1 - if it's a 1-2 minute job, do it right away. 2 - Make a to-do list. It damn near gives me a boner to be able to check something off. I grab the biggest sharpie I can find, big ass line through it, and say yeah bitch you're done! It works for me. If it's not on a list, I usually forget about it, or don't care.
Gonna need some more info. Who are you pressing charges against? Why?
I'm confused. Why? It's pretty much their number one job, to track their packages and make sure they end up where they belong.
I'd suggest getting renters insurance for the future. Really depends on the renter laws where you're located. One thing I think I know is that you'll have to be able to prove negligence on his part. So without knowing much of your places laws, I don't see why you need to inform him.
How do the bottles open? Twist or use an opener? I think the most you can do is talk to that number, write a letter, or tag them in social media in hopes they hear it and want to make it right. But in the end, it's not going to change their bottling procedures. So all you're really doing is looking for free stuff.
I wouldn't if I was the store. I'd stick to "nah you probably chipped it when you opened it, prove it otherwise". I think this is one you just need to let slide.
I love it when it's at a house with friends. Absolutely hate playing at the casino here. Played last Saturday. I couldn't hit a hand to save my life lol it was fucking bullshit.
I’m not surprised. Y’all are special group. I hope y’all make it. It doesn’t look promising though.
Ah the illusion of choice tactic!! One of my favorites and most effective tactics
I’m fine with it except when there’s a blowout going on. Both sides should go ahead and settle down at that point. Edit: I’m fine with TD celebrations. I do hate the celebrations after every 5-7 yard first down. That’s a bit much.
You don't have to apologize for your thoughts but should apologize for how it was handled on both sides. You can stick to the "I don't think I should have to pay more" but should definitely say it shouldn't have got to the point of saying those things. I've done this on many occasions with my kids. Sometimes I just handle a situation the wrong way. Maybe I yelled too much, or didn't understand the situation and got overly mad. I eventually realize I handled it wrong and tell my kids "sorry I handled that poorly but you still shouldn't do___ and this is why I was upset but I didn't handle myself"
If still in high school he'd get in trouble and face our consequences. After that, I'd tell him he better be careful with that shit. I smoke but I still wouldn't want him parading it around me. I'm not going to be that parent who smokes with their kid.
OK you pushed for something. Does that mean you planned something and invited them? Or did you just say "I'd like to do ___" then never actually planned it and invited them?
Bruh at 17, if you'd stick it to a 14 year old, you'd stick it to a 13 year old.
Regular coke. Fact: It taste better in a cup with ice. Can come out of a can but it just taste better in a cup.
Nah the days are longer but the years fly by.
Right now I need to get a MRI on my neck. Ok that's not a problem. Orthopedic office say it will be around $800 going through your insurance. Umm damn I don't want to spend that much so I told them I'll have to wait. Then I heard I can go somewhere else, say no insurance, and it's around $275. Sure enough, I've called around and told them cash and I've been quoted anywhere from $250-$300. I'm just like why the fuck am I paying a shitload of money for insurance every month.
My father sounds similar to yours but white. He'll say some racist shit. I do not respond to it nor engage him in that talk. Basically I ignore him. I did however tell him, if I ever hear him talking like that around my kids, I will kick him out of my house. I'm not going to try and change the way he thinks, it's not my job, but I will not stand for it around my kids.
Sex while camping is in-tents. Maybe bring some baked goods or some shit. Don't complain. Extra alcohol is always a good thing. Maybe give him a nice "yeti" type cup to keep drinks cold if he doesn't have one (I say yeti type because my walmart brand works great at a fraction of the cost). Or maybe a different camping accessory that he doesn't have.
No the $800 is my out of pocket amount when I go through my insurance.
I'm more interested in the fact you have a boulder in your backyard.
That's fair. I deserved it.
Good stuff. I noticed it was a waterfall in one of the pics.
Born and raised in Tampa. 1 - Nope no need to worry. At worst if there's a storm out there, you'll have to hear about it everyday, that it may or may not be coming our way. Usually flips everyday. So no worries and always plenty of warning. Only weather you'll need to worry about is the torrential downpours usually right around 4-5pm damn near every day. 2 - I guess it depends where in Tampa. Tampa is pretty spread out.
You're at the point you need to sleep train him. Sleep training is basically teaching them to fall asleep on their own and if they wake up, they'll be able to put themselves back to sleep. There's multiple ways. It's not a one night thing. It's a pretty shitty 3-4 days then it gets better. You just have to stay consistent on whatever method you are using. Don't give up because it didn't work the first night. It's going to be a battle, for which you need to come out victorious. A brief description of how I (and my wife) did our two kids. Both my kids have been sleeping 12+ hours since they were 6 months old. Except for when sick then all bets are off lol. Get a routine. Mine was both, relax time, then bed time to which I'd sing a song. Put them in the crib tired but awake. Then I'd sing my song and tell him goodnight. They won't like it but leave the room. I'd let him cry a couple (3-5 minutes) then go back in and settle him down. Leave again, this time let him cry a little longer (maybe 7-9 minutes), then go back in and settle them down. Repeat, repeat, and eventually they fall asleep. The next night, the process will take a little less time. Then less the next day etc... There's many options, but we settled on this one because it seemed like common sense. If you want to check other ones, many people on /r/parenting will tell you their's is the right way and the way you want to do it is all wrong. Good luck. STAY CONSISTENT! YOU ARE THE ADULT AND CAN WIN THE BATTLE.
Dude your backyard is not other options.
Booze. Prefer being drunk over being high. I get high but only when I'm by myself. I hate being high around other people. So I save it for during the week when wife and kids are asleep.
Just say "I appreciate the advice but we want to try different options". Leave it at that.
At worst it will dip to around 34 degrees at night. You'll be cold in the morning, throw on a jacket, and start sweating in said jacket around lunch time when it's back up in the 60's. Typical weather report usually 60's high / 40's low. Or sometimes, we suck fuck winter and you'll get 50's low / 70's high.
That's true... you do know it's wednesday though right?
When I was young I hated indoor activities and just wanted to be outside. I'm still exactly the same. If home 90% of the time you'll find me outside or at least in the garage.
Just messing with you. I was reading todays free talk thread when your notification came up. It threw me off for a minute.
Buy her a Dory (from Nemo) doll. Maybe they have one that talks and says "Just Keep Swimming". Or at least put that note on it.
Don't even have the option of playing video games. Put that shit in your bedroom or closet for the night. Have some outdoor activities if possible. Make your rounds and talk to everyone, introduce those who do not know each other well. Music can't be too loud or people won't talk. Womens womens and more womens!!! Mess with your friends if you see them off on the couch texting or whatever on their phone. Bring them a shot and tell them get fucking hyped and off the phone. Have a designated smoking location. Many people will use this as their break from the action and begin to spark up conversations with other smokers. Next week? Fuck it go ahead and get some fireworks too. You don't need anything spectacular but who the hell doesn't like shit blowing up? Beer pong is fine but it should not be at the center of the party. Otherwise it becomes a focal point and only a few people get the enjoyment of playing while others are standing around watching. Don't have shit food. Do have all the alcohol. Maybe throw in a stupid game like head bands or something that everyone could go along with. Stupid but fun. Go ahead and throw a guitar in the corner and enjoy when that dude plays wonder wall, it beats twiddling your thumb. I could go on all day, I like to party!
She doesn’t do it. She don’t mind as long as I don’t start spending money like crazy on it. A 1/2oz last me 3-4 months so it’s cool.
Because you love the woman and want to spend the rest of your life together. The key word in your title is "joke" meaning you don't really care but think it's funny.
You: What's 100 - 31? Him: um 69 You: NICE!
Next time (as in right now) call and ask when the manager will be in. Call then and do not get off the phone until the manager is on the line and fixing the problem.
Pretty much the exact same. I do feel there's a bit higher level of commitment. It's not anything she did, just the process brought on that feeling of higher commitment.
I'm not saying it's never happened, but that shit don't happen.
It's possible he just sent to the wrong person. That's hard to do though, but people are idiots. It's possible he was trying to make you jealous (I see yall dated). Possible he was drunk. Just reply "OK what are you trying to say".
1991 (maybe 92) Geo Metro. Ugly little hatchback, which would rattle when you get it to about 60ish/MPH, no power steering with the steering wheel as big as a bus', but damn if a $1 in gas couldn't last damn near a week.
With the 4th being middle of the week, are we supposed to drink the weekend before, weekend after, or both?
She (your mom) needs to understand, that your sister getting along with dad now, is not a direct betrayal on her. Your sister is not (or doesn't seem to be) doing it just to spite your mom. Seems she's doing it for herself. Your sister should understand why your mom feels that way and should reassure her that is not to spite her (your mom). In the end, your sister has the right to a renewed relationship, and that your mom eventually has to get over feeling betrayed.
Gotcha. Have fun. Fun fact: I was once drunk af in yalls big ass mall.
Coke. Coke is also 100% better when in a glass with ice.
Not the greatest text opening to start a conversation with but should have been enough to warrant a response. Can't hurt to try again, what's the worst that can happen she won't text back? Text some shit like "I'm still up to bat. Let's see if I strike out. How are you?" Or just move on
Probably not. It's a common meme/saying on reddit and he's looking for that sweet karma.
That dude likes you or he's your gay best friend.
Went to see, my at the time fiances, friends in Oklahoma. Worst fucking trip ever because they were shit people and even shittier host. Went for a week, after 1st couple of nights of just sitting in their apartment drinking, I begged to go out. They said they were tight on cash, so I said fuck yall I'm buying yall Red Lobster just to get out of the house. I puked from Tequila just shy of midnight on NYE.
Was pretty much the only place there. People would do laps in the parking lot of Walmart and Taco Bell. That was the hangout place of the town. Fiance and I were so bored one night we walked around drunk at Walmart just for something to do. The host just wanted to stay home and play cards and drink every night.
I had a quarter pounder recently after a long time. It honestly wasn't that bad. I didn't regret it and was quite pleased.
I’ll kill a whole glass (a cans worth) in minutes but have to throw away half a can if drinking straight out it.
Just from recent memory, 2007 version of Joey Harrington and Byron Leftwich. Joey always been trash, Lefty had a couple good years in him, but legit felt like watching preseason game 4 QB’s throughout that entire season.
It's definitely something that crossed my mind when my wife was pregnant with our first. All kind of thoughts from ugh WTF, I don't know what I'd do, miss me with that gay shit, is something I might have done, to I'd probably be upset etc... Then the dude was born and it's a sudden I could not give two shits thought. He's still and will always be my little dude.
[You're crazy man... you're crazy](https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/BlissfulGrossArachnid)
I buy 3 gallons at a time and they never get close to expiring. Damn kids. I need the "milk man" to make a comeback. I am so damn tired of going to the store for milk.
Pearl Jam last time (April 2016) they were here. I've seen them plenty of times. While there was definitely more energy in their younger days, this tour was all them for 3.5 hours straight. No opener or any shit like that, just them for 3.5 hours.
Bruh, your mom gonna be pissed if you do that.
I've only done it twice, in my younger years, and that's only because of the alcohol. Both didn't want to try again so I never thought it was a popular thing. Then I come on reddit, and my front page is full of bitches walking around everywhere with butt plugs.
He used to be able to put Vick on lockdown. Sure their great D helped but he was able to make their scheme easier against him. Hated that fucker lol good player tho
Growing up my mom had two rules for me. You're either a full time college student and she would help me out money wise and could stay with her for free. Or your ass will be working full time. So I say an allowance isn't that bad as long as they're keeping up with college. $80 seems a bit much since she doesn't have a car nor leave the house. But if that's what her parents deem appropriate and can afford it then good for them.
Most recently was the season our choices were Joey Harrington or Byron Leftwich. There were legit arguments about who should start like it really mattered at all.
Not right or wrong. I'd say it's stupid but it's not me dying since I'd never do it.
I'd rather them hire Bobby Petrino. But that's just me.
When being carjacked the dude said get out. So I got the fuck out and ran. So I guess flight on that one. I think I made the right choice. Small fears. I hate heights but took on a job where required going out of my comfort zone. I just did it and hoped for the best. Still to this day I get tingly even watching someone high up. But I did it for the job because I needed to.
I think it was the Third Eye Blind 20th Anniversary version of their 1st CD and also included a bonus CD of a few different songs and some demo versions of songs. I only buy CD's. I don't have an AUX in my car and use the 6 disc changer. I'm pretty sure the same 6 disc have been in there for about 2 years now. Lol I always forget my CD's at home
Not yet. Apparently my car is the year (2005) before they put them in these. It's pretty much pink now but damn it runs great. I'm on a mission to see how far I can make it go. I'm at about 185K miles right now.
Public establishment paid for said toilet paper thus not free. It's just a cost of doing business to them which is considered when making said establishment. TP goes in a supplies expense for restaurants etc...
Not tipping if I used my CC. The only time I tip in that situation is if I used cash and receive loose change back. I don't want that shit in my pocket so I'll throw it in their jar if they have one. I over tip waiter/waitresses/bartenders though.
I think the definition became wider. It seems nowadays being a nerd is "OMG look at my nintendo shirt. I'm such a nerd"
Top three BS excuses I get when calling my customer looking for money. 1 oh I never got that invoice (or I never got that email) 2 That invoice is to be paid this week 3 I'll have to check and give you a call back
Nope bad case of mesothelioma
My wife leaves for work before I wake up. So sometimes that morning wood just needs to get taken care of. I wouldn't call it regular, I don't actually plan it for every time she's not home.
Lowkey sounds like she's using a "mental issue" as a reason to break up with you. That's BS to me. Sounds like an excuse to let you down easily.
I would think going in with canned answers is the wrong way to do it.
Nah sounds like an excuse.
100% of my relationship got exclusive the following way. I've always let the woman initiate said conversation. While out with said girl, having a drink or whatever. Her: So um what do you see us as. Me: (thinking well shit I knew this was coming. Bout to get locked down) well I like you and don't want to see anyone else. Her: So ugh like BF/Gf? Me: yeah I like that. Give kiss and go on about the night
So something like [SpottieOttieDopaliscious](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXmqauitBkM) by OutKast seems perfect. Tis a perfect song too...
