I worked in one of the McDonald's that was an original test market for the pizzas. We did full size pizza's too. They didn't sell well at all but everyone who worked there loved them. The country ham from breakfast made for one hell of a good pizza topping for my lunch. They also had roast beef sandwiches that were amazing.
Yep. He will end up being the voice in Rey's ear in the next two films. And at some point Luke will get to see him with Obi, Yoda, and Anakin in all his ghostly splendor. And probably will see him say goodbye to Chewie at some point.
Back in college I hung out with a bunch of guys on the college soccer team. One of the guys always said his dad knew the first President Bush. Supposedly managed the communication guys. I and everyone that played on that team figured he was full of shit. Well Bush came to town on a campaign trip and the kid's dad was able to get the whole soccer team to the airport to get a picture with the President. Pretty cool.
Used to do this in High School and College quite a bit. We called it big foot hunting. Stopped after one drunken idiot decided to poor a milk jug full of gasoline in the lake we camped by. And of course a second drunkard threw a burning branch on it to see what would happen. Gasoline floats so ended up with a Lake of Fire. Still can't believe we survived that idiocy.
I found someones iPhone a few years back. Figured out the carrier was AT&amp;T and took it to one of their stores. They should be able to figure out from the phone who it belongs to. Evidently people don't do this as they had no idea what to do with the phone. It was as if I had brought them a rotten fish. Eventually talked to the store manager who seemed to have an idea what to do. Odd experience.
Wire transfers can be somewhat expensive ($15+) to initiate and you probably don't have the persons ABA and DDA with only their CC and Debit cards. Would need that info to do a wire transfer.
Yeah, this would have been an i-Phone that we pre-siri. Also the battery was dead and I didn't have a charging cable handy so couldn't do anything with it.
I had already popped it out and handed it to them with the phone. The phones battery was dead so had to pull the sim to see who the carrier was.
I just bought and brought home my first bike today...knew I would see something on Reddit tonight that makes me second guess the purchase :)
Out of curiosity, what college did you go to? I went to a pretty good engineering school and got out with about $30,000 in debt. Also what ballpark is your salary? What engineering discipline? What region of the country? If you want to climb the salary ladder quickly you will probably need to look at jumping jobs after a few years. Companies don't have a lot of incentive to give employees decent raises, so you will be lucky to keep up with inflation staying at the same place. Depending on the discipline you might want to look into consulting at that point. Consulting has the advantage of generally paying by the hour which gives you the opportunity for overtime. Good luck.
No clue on the Mechanical side. Know one mechanical engineer but he works for Olympus back in Japan :) You might be able to check glassdoor to figure out the likely salaries in your area (spatial and discipline).
Seems like the Philosophy faculty should be ideally suited to making a winning argument on why the Dept. should not be shut down. And just because Philosophy is a valuable degree doesn't mean that every university should offer it. Simply supply and demand. If there aren't enough students to pay for the department then cut it. The other schools that keep it should see an increase in students. Eventually it should hit equilibrium and you end up with just enough schools to cover the students who want to study it. Not all Universities offer engineering programs, dental programs, animal husbandry, etc... Wh should they all have Philosophy.
Yep, heard him say that in person. He doesn't feel he owes the fans shit with respect to unwritten books. Something about having it in his will that no one would be allowed to finish it for him. This was right as the first season was filming for the TV series and he mentioned that the deal with HBO required him to divulge the overall plot so the TV show could end without him.
Do you mean connect or do you mean pair? Generally they prevent you from pairing while the car is moving as they fear you are driving and aren't paying attention to the road while doing the pairing. If you mean actually connecting a paired device, probably what you are seeing is that the car stopped trying to connect to the phone after a bit. So if you get in the car, start driving, and then turn on bluetooth on your phone, the car has already given up. Sometimes they will periodically check for a connection say every five minutes or so. In essence the car sends out a broadcast saying I am here and ready for you to connect to. The phone sees that broadcast and says I am paired with that guy, I should connect. If the car has given up it stops broadcasting it is there so the phone doesn't know to try and connect.
What I meant with the IT department was not a group of people to maintain the networks. I am talking about teaching people to develop software, use complex systems, etc... Many disciplines benefit from learning a bit of the IT discipline to build tools for themselves. I am sure people have built tools to help handle symbolic logic for philosophical arguments for instance. I think your fourth point is more of a personal goal for academics, not a goal for a university. I doubt very many (as a percentage) students go to college with the goal of helping to understand the world. I certainly didn't. I went wanting to learn as much as I could about the field I was interested in. Would I have been willing to pay extra to fund the school trying to understand the world? Nope, school was too expensive already. Once again, it just isn't practical for every university to do everything. If universities had infinite resources then sure. But resources are finite. I would expect philosophers to be able to help allocate those resources appropriately, but there is a bit of a conflict of interest in them emphasizing allocations to their own discipline :)
Yeah, I don't think our views are that different really. It is merely a matter of all verse many really. One last question though. If the Philosophy department is so useful for the other departments wouldn't the deans of those departments be their staunchest supporters? Would they not be willing to share their budgets to subsidize the Philosophy program? Or are you thinking it is one of those things they won't miss till it is gone?
Really like Longmire, but hated the first Netflix season. The writing just didn't feel as strong.
I have seen cancelled checks that look like that. I suspect someone ran the bill through whatever machine they used to use to cancel checks. Just a guess.
Infinite Jest was the first to come to mind, though it wasn't a book I really enjoyed reading. I read a lot and have a fairly large vocabulary. That book had me looking up more words in a dictionary than pretty much all the books I have read in the last 2 decades combined. I think the author randomly chose words in a dictionary and just wrote around them. That book is dense. As for your classics list, I have read 1984, Of Mice and Men (assume that is what you meant), Brave New World, Slaugtherhouse V, The Illiad, The Odyssey, and One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest. All of those were good. I think Cuckoo's Nest, 1984, and Slaughterhouse V were my favorites of that list. As for your vocabulary builders, Inherent Vice and Infinite Jest both fit the bill. Inherent Vice was a good read, Infinite Jest was more like a painful chore that it felt good to complete.
Wasn't as much of a slog as Anathem (though I liked Anathem a lot more). It was interesting, just jumped around a bit. And for me the ending came a bit abrupt and was a bit unsatisfying. Hard to explain without giving spoilers but there was a lot left unknown.
Empire by Orson Scott Card took a really hard turn very early in the book that was very disconcerting. Pretty good book though.
Nah, Ghost is going to crush his skull. Way too much foreshadowing with Ramsay feeding people to the dogs.
I don't regret going skydiving. I do regret not knowing that a jock strap might be important. When the chute opens and most of you decelerates from a few hundred miles an hour to 15 miles an hour in about 20 feet you become quickly aware of the bits that are...dangling shall we say. I am not too proud to admit anonymously that I screamed like a little girl when my junk objected to the sudden stop. TL;DR; Wear a jock strap if you are male and go sky diving.
Went to college in Louisville and the dorm I lived in wouldn't let students bring in booze the days before the Kentucky derby. Searched all bags on way in. We used this kids method to get it all in through my fifth floor window. Kid is ready for college!
Nice, the process in reverse :)
Similar rule was in place. However they could refuse you entry to the dorm for any reason. So either you let them search it or you don't go in.
Since you know the dorm you will appreciate this. I had a roommate my freshman year in that dorm who was kind of a strange guy. He liked to climb out the window and sit on the ledge. I was studying one day when he climbed out. About five minutes later there is a knock on the door. I open the door and there is my roommate. He climbed from our window to the neighbor's window somehow, managed to open it, and climb in. He then knocked on the door as if nothing strange had occurred. To help you picture the feat, we were one of the rooms at the end of the hall and the neighbor's room was the adjacent room at the end of the other hall. All on the fifth floor.
Early 90s. Have a ton of stories from that dorm. Here is another one. Two guys who lived elsewhere used to hang out on our floor getting drunk a lot. They had the habit of pulling the fire alarm when they left for the evening. Happened a dozen times if it happened once. Well, one night one of the guys was completely hammered when someone else pulled the fire alarm. I am following him down the steps and out the dorm. He passed out mid stride down those concrete steps and face planted into one of the landings. This got a round of applause from all the people around as everyone knew he was the one that normally pulled the alarms. I thought the dude was dead, but he kind of woke up, shook it off and continued down the stairs oblivious to the blood gushing from his nose.
Hitting on someone they work with.
I am two decades removed but they did whatever the hell they wanted back then.
And the orientation of the receiver.
Highlander 2; Eye of the Beholder
You carry a gas mask in a BoB every where you go and that doesn't sound crazy? :) I understand it doesn't sound crazy to you, but a lot of us it does.
Like I said, I understand this sounds normal and reasonable to you. Just not something a majority of people do. Not criticizing, just saying. I would say it sounds a lot like what I take to Burning Man though so we are not so very far apart :)
No idea, but assuming you mean Las Vegas you might want to edit the title :)
Think of something you love, something you think allows you to keep your family safe, something that you use as part of an activity you have done since you were a child (hunting) and suddenly it is now illegal for you to own it. That is what people are afraid of. I have never owned a gun in my life and probably will never own one. But I do understand why people would be afraid they will be taken from them.
Had to look it up. The batter can switch after each pitch. The pitcher must stick with whatever arm he uses for the first pitch to a batter until that batter is retired. I think there is an exception if he injures that arm and has to switch during an at bat, but then the pitcher has to stick with whichever hand he switched to. Seems a little unfair to the pitcher.
I am one of the old guys that just doesn't get it. I can remember when I was a kid not having quarters and watching others play video games enviously. Twitch just seems like the modern day version of that and the idea makes me a bit sad.
That actually sounds like a plus. I didn't really want an Xbox One because it included Kinect. Might consider the Xbox One S if it doesn't have it.
Don't think you had a choice when it first came out. Sounds like you do now.
I am not that old 😀. I played mmorpgs for well over a decade (Asheron's Call, Asheron's Call 2, Dark Ages of Camelot, Earth and Beyond, Star Wars Galaxies, Pirates of the Burning Sea, and of course WOW). I get the online social aspect. I just don't understand being an observer rather than a participant.
I am from America so your comments are not silly. And believe me the absurdity of our military actions causes me just as much amusement as this Canadian incident did. No insult to Canada was meant. I think the reason I found it so amusing is how differently I imagined the US handling a similar situation. I picture a fully armed contingent of Navy Seals taking the ship with extreme force within hours of any such demands. Not that I think that is good but it is pretty much how we do things.
I really like to think Douglass took his towel with him. Would be very sad to think he entered whatever is next without it.
He should probably take care of the $1500 in collections and the $1700 for the attorney before the credit cards. He doesn't mention how much he is spending on gas, entertainment, etc... The $360 car payment and $120 insurance seems a bit high with that salary but even if he could half that by getting a cheaper/cheaper to insure car it wouldn't make a huge difference.
Overall crime rates are not an accurate measure of what it was aiming to stop. It was intended to reduce the likely hood of shit like Orlando. You can extend to absurdity the right to bare arms to private ownership of nukes, and no one would really argue for that. The question is where you draw the line between reasonable for private ownership. I would say below the threshold of an AR15 but that is just my opinion.
Don't have to look closer. It was clear you were referring to shooting people the first time I read it. Really didn't want to dignify that part of your statement with a response as it was pretty clearly trolling :)
So pictures of their husbands are out too...
Some truth to that but you also have to figure in all the arms/armament/food/etc... That was coming from the US as well as it's intelligence assets. Saw a saying at one point that went along the lines of The English gave x, the US gave y, and the Russians gave blood. Wish I could remember the phrase or at least what x and y were 😀
No joke, I had a girl grab my junk one time and I didn't get the hint. I thought she was just joking around. I would say I got older and wiser but I am still pretty damn clueless.
Yeah, I would have thought so too till it happened to me. It has never happened again.
Friend bought a Ford Probe in 1993 or so. Installed a car alarm with a pager in it. So essentially this has been around for quite a while.
Well they certainly didn't spend any of the CGI budget on Ghost. I really wanted to see Ghost crack Ramsey's skull like a walnut.
Be very careful when you say stored procedures will prevent sql injection. If done correctly they can. But they can be done badly enough they fix nothing. Easiest way to break one is to have one parameter to the stored procedure. Name that parameter WhereClause. Build the where clause dynamically and put that string in the WhereClause parameter. You now have a broken stored procedure. Use parameterized queries to prevent the issue. Don't rely on sanitized inputs. You can still use stored procedures just make sure you treat them like parameterized queries.
Probably normal, but you should ask coworkers if it takes too long whether they got their check or not. I have had a couple of jobs where they screwed up and didn't add me to payroll right away. The job only paid monthly too so ended up going almost 2 months before my first check. Sucked.
It also covers the Command Module Pilot training with the Al Baz(sp?) guy by flying over Hawaiian volcanic craters. That is why I made the wording a bit vague :)
It is a little confusing, but is easy once you understand it. Basically think of it this way. Say you are in a situation where you will be taxed 10% of the first $10 you earned, 15% of the second $10 you earned, and 20% of the third $30 you earned. Say you earned exactly $30. You would owe $1 + $1.50 + $2 in taxes or $4.50 of the $30 you earned. Easy enough right? Well the chart they list is the same thing, except they are making it so you don't have to calculate the percentages of the first two brackets yourself. In this case you would see $30 = $2.50 + 20% of income over $20. So just makes it much quicker to figure out. What most people screw up is the take the amount and then multiply the percentage for their bracket against their entire income. You just take that percentage times the amount of your income minus the starting amount for that bracket and then add the amount listed. I have talked to so many intelligent people that say stupid things like "I don't want to earn anymore because it will put me in the next tax bracket and that will end up costing me more". This can only be true if you are getting some sort of low income credit or something and even then I am not sure it would apply.
I like "That's All There Is" a lot, but it didn't really give me goosebumps like the two I mentioned.
Haven't seen that one. Will have to check it out.
Drove my green 1978 Pontiac Catalina to a grocery store back around 1990. Went inside, shopped, came back out, unlocked door, started car and drove away. Only then did I realize that the car I was driving was not actually mine. Turns out someone else had the exact same model car, same year, in the same color, parked in the same row as I parked in, and happened to have both a door lock and an ignition lock that my keys worked with (separate keys iirc). The odds of that happening blew my mind. I drove back and parked it in the same spot. I waited for about 20 minutes to tell the person what I had accidentally done but couldn't wait any longer and left. Was a very surreal situation. It turns out that the locks on that car were really bad and wore down to the point that pretty much anything would work in the ignition. But still an odd situation.
Bar Rescue. I know a guy whose daughter was a regular at a bar from KC that was on it and was shown in the episode. They made it like there was a raccoon living in the ceiling, which had been living there for some time. Evidently it had a raccoon in the ceiling long before bar rescue came to town that was removed immediately. She was telling her dad that the owners and staff made it seem like the were dysfunctional for the cameras but really just got a free renovation out of it. I loved the show, but can't watch it the same since I heard this.
Open an account at a credit union in your area if you don't have one already. Get a car loan for a cheap car and pay it off quickly (I did a year). Get a credit card with a low limit. Put an expense that you have monthly anyway on it and pay it off each month. Can't say that is the best way, but it worked for me. My dad is a very smart guy and opened a CU account for me the week I was born to start my credit history as soon as possible. I had cash to buy a cheap car ($400) but he made me take a 1 year loan out for it instead. Along with that I paid my bills each month and kept my debt as low as possible. YMMV.
You type pretty well for a dead guy. So how was the funeral otherwise?
Used to go to an authentic Mexican restaurant. A couple of times I would be salting my carnitas but it kept getting sweeter. Evidently the Salt and Sugar bags looked mostly the same and the staff couldn't read English so kept screwing up and filling the salt shakers with sugar.
Me too. Thought he was going to be nothing but a blur heading out the window.
I can't even remember whether he made her top 10 list. Obviously she doesn't know about him tossing Bran out the window.
So we had the red wedding. Now we have the green trial?
Well, if Sansa gives him the cold shoulder and he goes after Arya next he is probably going to have a quick death. So there is that...
And still no Ghost. Is Ghost off on a vision quest in the woods or something?
Buddy Holley is Alive and Well on Gamymede by Bradley Denton. Won't get any up votes because no one has read it but is a really great book.
If she starts to go after everyone that was horrible then she would kill more people than Martin :) She has to limit herself a bit I think.
Have a lot of books that no one would ever touch but you? Put them in the pages of the least interesting. Have a jacket no one including you would ever wear? Put it in the pocket. Use a magnet to pin it to the back of the fridge if there is a spot that isn't near the coil that a magnet will stick to. Pick up one of those fake can safes. Have curtain rods that are hollow? Roll it up and put it in there. Just figure out the dumbest places someone might consider hiding money and do that.
You have to realize it is a self selecting group. You have to be a little risk accepting to ride a motorcycle. Add to that it is someone that has a camera going and posts videos to YouTube and you have people whose motto is safety third.
When I went skydiving. After I landed the adrenaline was pumping through my veins so fiercely that I was vibrating.
Feeling threatened and your life being in danger are two entirely different things. I have known too many people that were terrified of their own shadows to be comfortable with "Feeling threatened" to be the threshold for someone being justified in shooting someone.
Well, I don't have common sence, but I do have common sense. Now if having common sense were a pre-requisite to being able to use the "feeling threatened" defense then I might be OK with it.
Probably not safe to do both. With an old flip phone probably could get a way with it, opening and dialing with your off hand. But with most new phones you probably need two hands.
I really don't know what is being asked there. It is very ambiguous. Is visiting porn sites no big deal or not worth doing? Could take it either way.
Thought about that actually. But since Siri has trouble figuring out anything I say when I am relaxed and patient, I really doubt she will understand me when I ask her to call 911.
He has sort of a sermon in the first comic to be fair. Basically curses everyone out from the pulpit.
Sure it is easy. But doing so while pointing a loaded weapon at someone you are scared of? Probably not so much. If you have to point a gun at someone you should really expect to use 100% of your concentration on that.
So it is always brothers and sisters if you are speaking of someones siblings that you don't know the specifics of? As in "Do you have brothers and sisters?" instead of "Do you have siblings?". Do you have words for parents, and grandparents? I think the only one we don't have collective/generic versions for would be aunts and uncles.
Plan for a lot of small purchases at home depot/lowes immediately. Things like garden hoses, rakes, shovels, etc... aren't big enough you budget for them, but they add up quickly. What I found out before buying is that when you file the change of address form for the post office, the big box stores will send you out a coupon for a significant percentage off your entire bill for one trip. I made a list of all the small stuff I could imagine and I just bought it all at once. Not sure if they still do it but worth checking into.
From Coach K's wording in the announcement that Allen was being suspended indefinitely I got the impression he was being forced by the administration to do so. Just my impression, so take it for what it is. But if you take that as a given, might this surgery be a way to get back a little at the administration? Allen's suspension was indefinite and Coach K will be out indefinitely while recovering from the surgery. Just seems an odd coincidence. I generally like Coach K, so this isn't really a criticism. Just curious if anyone thinks the two might be related.
I don't agree, it is clearly deception. You are deceiving the other team into thinking you are attacking a basket you won't be. But take another play that happens relatively often. Throwing the ball off the back of a defender to inbound it under the basket to yourself. Main purpose is to embarrass your opponent as he obviously wasn't paying attention. Not sportsmanlike? Really? The plays are both within the rules and kids playing at the college level should know better than to let them happen to them.
Almost always it is placing your back to the inbounder when you are guarding the inbounder. That is about as much "not paying attention" as you can get.
Because they are kids having fun? Nah...couldn't be that.
Sounds extremely complex to me....yeah...
We are talking about something that a team might pull off or even try once a season. If you don't have someone defending an inbounder that makes that mistake then the odds of being able to try this are about nil. So you are correct, but also irrelevant?
OK, explain exactly how you practice this? Other than say, practicing an actual inbound play from backcourt? Cause that is exactly how they set up. No difference other than the in bounder and the person she threw it to running the wrong way.
The Night Of hit a lot of the same notes for me as True Detective Season 1 did. I discounted all the yellow king stuff pretty early in the series and just thought of it as a murder mystery and enjoyed it thoroughly. I didn't care for season 2 much though.
I was fascinated by John from Cincinnati but in a train wreck kind of way. I was very disappointed they canceled it that early. Interesting comparison between it and season 2 :)
You think they were buddies?
How is this shitty? Is a fake punt in football shitty? Is the old fake throwing the ball back to the pitcher then tagging the guy out when he steps off the bag shitty? Is it shitty because it worked? Could be the coach came up with it, or could be the players came up with it and asked the coach if they could do it. Or could be an assistant saw a high school squad do it and thought it would be funny. Regardless of who came up with it, it is something they will be laughing about with their friends for years. It was fun. If I had been one of the opponents I would have found it funny. Not sure why people outside the game would take it seriously.
I probably would go with a used vehicle in your situation. You don't have to get a truck to get AWD and a used non truck AWD vehicle seem to be less than a similar truck AWD. The truck aspect doesn't really factor into the fuel economy. I have a crossover awd vehicle now and plan to trade it on a awd truck with the same sized engine and similar trim that has better MPG than my car. I don't think you can lump them together and get any meaningful stats. You have to check them individually. Also make sure you check interest rates you can get. If you can't get a good rate you are much better off living with your current vehicle till you can buy something better. And last bit is be careful about spending money you haven't made yet. Coming straight out of school you have no idea whether the job will last. I personally would want to work the job for a year and see how I did before spending anything I didn't have to. For all you know you will hate the job with a passion and you may regret borrowing money for a vehicle that now force you to stay there. You need a vehicle that will get you to work everyday without fail, but it isn't time yet for luxury.
It is a legitimate play you should expect. There is no rule that the inbounding team can't have everyone in back court right? If Duke had set up on defense at the correct end, it wouldn't have been a problem. UofL didn't force them to. A flop is an entirely different beast. With that you are trying to deceive the refs. With this you are trying to deceive your opponent. Two very, very different things. Flops are akin to sending the wrong player to the line to shoot free throws and hoping the refs don't catch it. But as a UK fan I am sure you haven't seen your men's team do either of those :)
I still don't see how this was shitty. This is within the rules. Yeah, it is a trick play, but in what other sport do people bitch about trick plays being shitty? They make sports center highlights all day because they are entertaining. If this wasn't legal in any way I am sure the refs would have stopped it or called a technical. It is just so ludicrous that it worked, and people are having a hard time wrapping their mind around that for some reason.
Not sure it would be petty at all if this were the case. If the admin is forcing his hand in disciplining his player then this would be coach K reminding them he has power too.
Well they hate each other throughout, one screwed the other's wife. And they actually fought. So not buddies. That is like calling Seven a buddy cop movie. This is a psychological thriller if you want to label it I guess. But frankly it doesn't quite fit in a standard genre way.
And you can show an example of Cal benching a player for flopping like Pitino did to Chris Jones for his inexcusable flop I expect?
I really hope you realize how crazy that sounds. The DNC isn't an intelligence agency or terrorist group. They wouldn't know how to have someone killed if they wanted to. And I think they have proven they can't keep anything secret so if they had we would have seen the meeting notes where it was discussed posted on wikileaks already. I think the Intel that is making us confident enough to blame Russia is actually good ole human Intel. And that isn't something we can expose as it would tend to get our asset killed. As to Russia hackers leaving trace, frankly they were better off doing so. Their goal seems to be to destabilize our government, not to get a specific candidate elected. The best thing they could hope for is to see us arguing with each other over who is to blame.
Used to do this to my mom at the mall. She would go to the mall and me and my brother knew where she always parked. We would go to the mall and move her car while she was shopping. Normally just a few rows over. The car was distinct enough (orange Volkswagen van) there was no fear she wouldn't find it. She never noticed. Or if she did she figured out what happened and just ignored it so we would lose interest.
The ladies emails are out there for the world to read yet she is able to keep her hit squad secret. Right.
And like I said, all of that analysis makes you sound insane.
So the tin foil hat is a prevention tool to prevent head buried in sand syndrome. Now I get it.
Did they ever upgrade the air raid siren speaker monstrosity? Has to be the most hideous "score board" contraption in existence.
They were one of the most profitable programs when they were still at Freedom Hall! We have been at the top of those rankings for a long time.
How many billionaire businessmen are in his cabinet again?
Robin Hobb Anne McCaffrey Margaret Weiss Ursula K. Le Guin Anne Rice
How many dad's take their young daughters into the men's room anyway when they are out with the kids? Happens quite often. How many transgenders have you run into in a restroom in your life? Me? Zero that I have noticed. People need to stop acting like this is common enough to be any big deal.
So two out of thousands in 2016. And that is not uncommon?
He probably had Pence agree to pardon him for anything/everything before he would add him to the ticket.
Having a hard time with a complex concept I see...
Except a password cracking program would have been unlikely to guess his password. As password cracking programs are generally cracking against hashed password files, and they didn't have the hashed passwords. Additionally if the password were being guessed, he would have seen multiple password failure messages showing up in his inbox which would have let them know someone was trying to guess the password.
Was going to say, it has nothing on the 80's luggables. Svelte by comparison.
Cold induced urticaria... break out in hives in cold weather sometimes. My allergist thought I was full of shit when he tried the ice cube test and it didn't trigger. Then his nurse wiped down my back for standard allergy test. The alcohol wipe she used triggered it. She first thought I scratched my self, but realized there was no way in hell I could reach those spots on my back. She called the doctor back in along with the other nurses. They proceeded to write on my back with the alcohol wipe. Was more entertaining for them than for me :)
And it sounds like even Trump is not arguing the connection after his briefing. The last I saw he only disputed it effected the results and not who was behind t.
Because evidence only comes to us when it is convenient to your wishes? The evidence may have taken a while to collect you know. Plus there are indications Congress was briefed before the election and the GOP voted against making their conclusions public.
Referring to the misinformation and other fake news stories. Hillary on death's door. Thry rigged the primaries. Hillary is coming for your guns. Hillary means war with Russia. etc...
And that just won't happen. Based on the "ratings" of the conclusions of the CIA, FBI, and NSA (High, High, and Moderate respectively) it suggests that human intel is probably their strongest source. And there is no way they will publish anything that could risk a human asset over this. If the NSA is the only moderate that means they probably weren't the source of the info, meaning it is less likely signal intelligence than human intelligence.
I keep seeing the claim that Hillary wanted war with Russia from Trumpets, but have seen absolutely no explanation of this. Since when is standing up to the Russians the same as wanting war with them. Did Reagan want war with Russia when he stood up to them?
You didn't read the part of the report about Russia paying Trolls to push fake stories about Hillary? Her illness, etc...
Actually they will probably have cameras in the interior, and will be monitored in exceptional circumstances by a center somewhere. Car says "No one will exit the vehicle, please advise" to the center. Someone pops up the video and says, uh oh, the person is passed out. Car, take the person to the hospital. Then it would tell the hospital the car was incoming.
MASH
When did I say it would forcefully keep its occupant in the car? The scenario was a passed out individual being taken to the hospital because they were not conscious. Hard for them to try and leave a car when they are out cold. They wake up and want out? Car would obviously let them.
Did you read the thread I was commenting on??? You know, about an uber driver who had a passenger who passed out in their car...and then someone asked what an automated uber car would do...and I you know commented on that? Yeah, I am damage controlling a comment I wrote that some dimwit on the internet who can't read decided to focus on...now why exactly???
Lol, I think you provided plenty of evidence to justify dimwit :)
I have had them, and I was raised in Kentucky. They were pretty good.
Yep.
It tasted pretty good to me. Didn't really have any effects from it.
Didn't take long. I did get in trouble with the security guys for trying to take a picture from the perspective of Mona Lisa of the crowd around her. Still think it would have been a great shot, but for some reason they don't allow it...
That is good news. The old board didn't seem to have UofL's best interest at heart.
For that price, I would send it back.
Especially Beaver Dam on the West Kentucky Parkway.
Is it just me or does the middle one's head not match up with the body? Seems too high up, too big, and at an impossible angle.
If they are helping you move them currently then apologize. Otherwise tell them to screw off.
Decent prostitute. I have a new favorite oxymoron.
My best guess is she heard someone talking about a twin, or a dead twin when she was a kid and her subconscious finally worked through it and started raising it up in the dreams when she was an adult.
Paducah?
I went to Speed school at UofL and left the state as soon as I could. Highly recommend that path :)
Go Racers. Used to play the executive golf course there from time to time (Sullivan's iirc).
It was scary as hell the first time. After the 10th time you just want to get back to sleep...
From the FBI, CIA, and NSA...
There was a show called "It takes a thief" or something similar where two ex burglars break into houses on video to show the owners how easy it is. They then upgraded the security on the house. One of the thieves said he always stole all remotes he found in a house, but not for profit. He was never allowed to control the remote in his house growing up so he stole them out of spite.
Must be a British term. Have never heard anyone refer to it as finesse...
They are exhibition shots. Fun to watch, and fun to pull off, but not real practical.
So Trump making fun of people by acting like they are disabled is OK because he does it to people who both do and do not have disabilities. It is fucking juvenile no matter who he is making fun of and doing it to an actual disabled person is unconscionable.
The outrage is definitely not fake. It is one of the most disgusting things I have ever seen a politician do.
The legal immigrants do exactly the same thing.
Nah, what you will find is some sort of guest worker program so that farmers can "legally" exploit those workers will be quietly implemented.
Did you actually read my comment? Mocking an able bodied Zodiac by acting disabled is not good. Doing the same thing to a disabled reporter is really not good. Simple enough for you?
This would be disgusting whether he was mocking a disabled person or not. This is something a high school bully does, not a fucking politician.
If you believe he wasn't making fun of the disabled person for being disabled, then I have a lovely bridge to sell you...i.e. you are naive and might be easily scammed.
The thread is about him being a fucking clueless bully. No virtue signaling or whatever you seem to think. Just outrage about a fucking bully being in office and being so brash about being a bully while doing so.
Asking people to be civil while discussing something that was definitely not civil might be a bit much to ask... His hand motions had nothing to do with deflection. Everyone has seen a teenager do a spastic rendition of a "retard" to insult someone. And it looked exactly like Donald did. If we were talking about Baron doing this, we might understand. His 70 year old father should have a bit more dignity than a school kid.
Worked with a guy who said he won a World Series of Poker bracelet. All the winners are listed online; He was not amongst them. It was often entertaining just listening to his stories and seeing how quickly you could discredit him. He was actually a reasonably nice guy, just completely full of shit.
German. In Germany. Welsh in Wales. I am a typical white guy with reddish blonde hair, so I get the misidentification initially. But when I only respond to you in English and you keep going on and on in your language when I clearly don't understand, then it might be a bit much.
Brain Damage by Pink Floyd.
Punch him in the face and say "you got what you deserved, everything happens for a reason.", drop the mic, and walk off.
How many selfish jackasses have you known that have helped anyone buy themselves? You think this collosal jackass will help you? Really? I tend to worry less about my pocket and more about other people's pockets. Not sure anything he has promised to do will hurt me but I sure as hell see it as bad for the unfortunates.
Not sure that is why he would look foolish. He has that well covered already.
From everything I have read, Trump holds a grudge forever. Just a week or so ago he recognized a guy who wrote a book about him and kicked the guys entire foursome (including a Koch brother) off his golf course. So yeah, I think he remembers everyone who criticized him. Kind of what Megalomaniacs are known for. Again. Even if he was just making fun of Cruz like this he is a dick for doing it. Making fun of able bodied people by acting disabled isn't OK either is it? Tis a shitty thing to do.
How many times must I explain this. Insulting people by acting disabled is horrible. Insulting a disabled person by acting disabled is worse. Who the fuck said it was better or worse than anything Hillary did? What the hell does that have to do with the subject at all? Trump is going to be president and needs to learn how to adult now and stop being a complete dick. If Hillary had won I would be saying she needs to learn how to handle security, classified info, and should stop being a bitch to other Democrats. Would it hurt so very much for you to say Trump is a dick and needs to stop acting like a dick?
As someone whose insurance premiums were going up by 20% a year before aca I don't have a lot of sympathy for you. Aca didn't increase healthcare costs. The industry did that all by itself.
Have you read much about how the intelligence services for pretty much every country work? If you had then the president staying in a hotel with an FSB presence wouldn't be a shock to you. This stuff happens all the time. Short of the president staying in the embassy, or staying on air force one, it is just a given. But I am certain we send people along to sweep the locations, and no classified info would be given to the president in such a situation. I.e. he would travel to the embassy or air force one for any classified briefings. When you, as a politician, stay in another country you realize that you won't be able to control the place you are staying. Your choice is to accept some loss of control and stay in a hotel where you would need to sweep to at least eliminate the obvious bugs/cameras. You stay in an embassy which is a much more controlled environment but still not 100% safe. You stay on Air Force one if you are the president which is less than ideal from a logistics perspective. What other options do you think they have? Read up on when the Moscow embassy was opened back in the 60's if I remember correctly. They found so many listening devices that were literally poured into the concrete of the building they eventually had to just build another one. No one says that Trump stayed there while Obama was there. What possible security concern would Russia have in giving Trump the room that Obama stayed in years earlier? And why would Russia care even if it was days later? They could have put it on a damn billboard and there would be nothing the US could do about it. As to hiring prostitutes, you don't think this happens all the time with the rich and the powerful? It isn't exactly rocket science. Trump could easily have had someone who worked for him acquire them. Or hell, one of his business contacts in Russia could have just sent them to him as a gift. I have no evidence. Never claimed to. But what you are using to try and discount the accusations is just utter bullshit. Traveling to another country is inherently risky for politicians. All you can do is mitigate those risks as much as possible.
No you are arguing that: The CIA wouldn't let Obama stay in a hotel controlled by FSB. Bullshit. Obama has to stay somewhere and there is no guarantee any hotel in a foreign country wouldn't be controlled by foreign security services. You say it would be a security problem if Trump was given the room Obama had stayed in. Do you think they seal it off when Obama isn't using it? No chance. Do you think Obama stayed in a suite other than the best one in the place? Not likely. You think that the Russians would have any reason not to tell someone which room Obama stayed in? Of course not. You claim it would be difficult for Trump to get some prostitutes without everyone knowing. Anyone could do just that. Happens all the time. Complete bullshit. All your arguments are bullshit. As simple as that.
People who stop at the top or bottom of escalators deserve a special place in hell. Like, do you think the people behind you can just pause??
I never said I had any faith in the document at all. I have no idea whether it is complete shit or not. But the reasons you were using to discredit it is complete and utter bullshit. Where is the mythical hotel in Moscow that has no FSB involvement? Who cares what procedures the presidential party takes while he is there, there is absolutely no way they could control who knows what room he stayed in after he left. Do you not think that would be fucking obvious to everyone who worked there? If you think the protection of our president involves controlling who knows what room he stayed in after the fact, you are nuts. And again you haven't explained how the US would keep the info from getting out? And you also assume that the staff at the Ritz Carlton wouldn't lie their ass off to some other rich guy when he asked to stay in the same room. If you think that is somehow the smoking gun to discredit the story then you aren't really thinking this through.
You won't believe cause number 3!
I am so happy you almost typed a legible sentence... I haven't tried to defend anything. Are you mental or something? Telling you that your conclusions are true and total bullshit isn't offering a defense of a report.
Because Trump just called out CNN? Don't you think?
Or maybe grow the fuck up? Yeah, I would go with grow the fuck up if I were you.
Who said it was a debate. Trump was being a dick and the reporter had a right to respond.
What exactly has CNN made up?
Not the same thing at all.
Not the same thing at all. If your standard of "making shit up" is the one we go with then there isn't a news outlet on the planet that will be trustworthy...
You obviously didn't watch the press conference. After saying that Buzzfeed was garbage Trump said (and I quote) "And as far as CNN going out of their way to build it up…and by the way, I just found out, Michael Cohn,…." This was right before Agosta tried to get a question answered. You are entitled to your own opinion, not your own facts.
There is nothing I have to say to change that. They didn't make shit up. They are entitled to cover what they think the story is. I was a Bernie supporter but I am really starting to regret associating with the people still whining about his treatment.
How about you demonstrate how long polls stay on their site? How do we know other polls weren't removed as quickly. It's their site, they can remove what they like and that still isn't making shit up.
And you have a wonderful day too. Notice I didn't call you dense? Cause that would have been rude...
Ding ding ding, we have a winner. Everyone seems to miss how much health insurance costs were rising before ACA. ACA didn't start that trend.
Where did you learn that no profit means the employees make no money? Cause that is what you are implying. Having actually worked for a not for profit I can tell you that isn't the case in the slightest. I got paid very well. The distinction? You aren't trying to increase profits for stockholders and the like. The people making money actually work at the place. What an insane idea right???
Huh?
When I heard this it made my brain hurt...
My sister lived in a house with two others for a few years, and they brought in a girl one of them knew to rent a fourth room when another roommate had moved out. I will call this crazy new chick Ballerina. Ballerina decided she didn't like one of my sister's friends. After having only lived there for 2 weeks, Ballerina decided to unilaterally evict this girl she didn't like. As in while no one was there, Ballerina packed up all that girls stuff and put it on the front porch. Needless to say the shit hit the fan when my sister happens to be the first one back to the house. Ballerina ends up getting kicked out. The strange part was that when my sister and her roommates are telling the story they tell me Ballerina's name. Turns out I had dated her briefly a year prior. And agreed she was batshit crazy. Sister had no idea I dated Ballerina, and I had no idea she moved in with my sister. Just odd coincidence. But she was pretty high up on the hot/crazy graph, as she was indeed a ballerina.
Just looked this up after a discussion with a friend who drives uber and thought passengers having open containers could get him a DUI. In Missouri it is OK for everyone in the car to have an open container and drink except the driver. It isn't legal for the driver to be holding an open container or drinking from one.
It is possible in some states to get a DUI on a bike. Nevada is one of them iirc.
It's what Trump craves!
Guess you didn't actually watch the press conference...
Teenage/adult Anakin was horrible. One of the worst performances in such a big budget film I can remember.
We don't have a reelection because there is no provision for it in the constitution. Nor is there an agreement that it effected the outcome. I can't see how anyone could argue it didn't impact the election, but hard to prove.
Like the candidate who benefitted from it saying it was the Russians on live tv?
Then you saw him shout at the reporter. Why lie about it?
When my parents were paying over 15% for a home loan and that wasn't considered a bad rate. Sounds great. Where do I sign up? /s
I loved the round of "ohayo gozaimasu" and "arigato gozaimasu" when you entered and left. Was like being in a Japanese version of Cheers.
Bullshit. They both raised their voice. Only Trump sounded pissed while doing so.
The video I saw only showed Trump. And Trump was definitely yelling.
Presumably the cats watch the kids. Now the Russians are watching the neighbors and Putin is watching the Russians so I think we are well covered.
Spent 3 days in Berlin, and rode the subway twice. Had one of the undercover conductors ask to see my ticket on one of the two trips. I now feel like I hit the lottery :)
Are you the count? 8, 9 10th question about Trump Ah, Ha, Ha, Ha Ha....
You would be wrong.
Man, wife, and a little girl.
Lights for portraits are to control shadows, not avoid them. A portrait with no shadows generally looks cartoony.
Better. Learn when to turn it on or to turn it off.
I know but people reading the tip may not.
I try to get one photo I am proud of every trip. If I succeed in that once every two trips I am very happy.
Well turning off what you are trying to learn certainly isn't a common way to learn.
When it was clear that Bush and Cheney had an agenda and were going to prosecute a war on Iraq regardless to intelligence agencies findings?
Then you can read this: https://www.intelligence.senate.gov/sites/default/files/publications/110345.pdf
If you had read starting at page 91 of the document or so on, I don't know how you could come to that conclusion. It talks about the administration manipulating the intelligence to suit its own agenda... The parts with "credible" were all quotes from administration officials in reports, interviews, etc...
Was going to say it sounds like a sure way of ruining rice...
Holy Ship? I have friends that go on that every year. I have been on similar cruises but never made that one...
Highlander 2. I paid $1 to see it at a dollar theater and asked for a refund. Only lasted 20 minutes.
Actually it goes pretty good on ice cream....just saying...
And needs to cut out the stupid reach in fouls on the perimeter.
Yeah, drove me nuts how much you heard "But Duke is only playing with 7 players" last year. Like that was somehow bad luck? More McDonald's All Americans than just about any other team, same number of scholarships to give, and we are supposed to be sympathetic because they only have 7 guys they thought worth putting on the court?
Yep. Next time you are at McDonald's get a vanilla shake and some fresh french fries. Dip the fries in the shake. You can thank me later...
Actually came with a prison sentence for the lady last time...
That may be the only way possible to make watching a UofL Virginia game uglier than it already is.
A lot of what I have ready says that the reason the board was replaced was because of the old one leaking info from private sessions, being outright obstructionist, etc... Just being general jackasses. &lt;shrug&gt;
Don't think the old board ousted the president. Think that was the new board.
UK still has a school of engineering? Who knew?
Banning them from the restaurant I can understand, but eliminating them might be a step too far...
Send em all to camp?
Take a power strip with you. The rooms never have enough outlets.
Every cruise I have been on had US style outlets. They typically had one in the main cabin and one in the bathroom, but that one was only meant for razors. So assuming you are from the US, then no converter needed. And in general, you don't often need a converter. An adapter is normally sufficient. Most devices can handle different power levels. Check the device to see. As long as it can handle to ratings of the place you are going then an adapter to make the plug fit is sufficient. Usually the exceptions to this are devices that have a lot of resistance in them. Hair Dryer's, curling irons, etc... Since I am a guy and don't use that sort of thing I have never actually needed one. I have traveled around the world and have yet to find a need for a converter (been to England, France, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, Japan, and India). The power strip suggestion works great for any type of travel. With a power strip you generally just need one adapter to plug in the strip then can use the rest of your plugs as normal.
Ruth Bader Ginsberg...
I have hated the dude since the first time I saw him on TV back in the 80's. He just rang all the "high school bully" flags in my head. He has done absolutely nothing to disabuse me of that opinion in the last 30 years.
Steve Harvey Oswald? That is a really bizarre crossover.
L lens will laugh at a fall from that height... Source: have several L lenses and am pretty clumsy.
It was set up that way for an advertisement photo or something it seems. But no need to baby them, those things are tough.
Anything with camouflage that pretends something is invisible is on my list along with all the ones you note. As well as the "Girls get up votes, how about xxx?".
The problem with increase competition is that rarely do companies compete for the worst customers in a way that profits the worst customers. No competitive system will give a situation where three companies will fight over someone with preexisting conditions for instance. There is no pure free market system that can fix this issue.
Biggest problem kid could cause is to yank the front break lever. That would be very dangerous. Can't think of anything else. Turning off the engine would be fine. Pulling in clutch, fine. Gunning engine or letting off throttle fine. Would be hard to yank handlebars enough to matter (for those that don't realize, turning handlebars isn't how you steer a motorcycle over 20-30 mph, you lean). But if he locked up front brake it would be a pantsfilling event. Survivable. But terrifying.
Which A) makes it no longer pure free market and B) is what ACA was trying to do. They basically said you have to take everyone but on the bright side this means you get more healthy people too. Short of opening up medicare to everyone that traditional insurers won't take I see no other real alternatives.
Well, assuming the rider isn't a total moron, this is a road he probably knows well. Looks straight, well maintained, and smooth. There appear to be no side rides for traffic to enter. There is no oncoming traffic, nor trailing traffic (you can see the mirrors in the video). As to mechanical failures, there really are only two types to concern you here. Catastrophic ones where the kid is screwed whether he is "driving" or not. Or survivable ones, and any of those the guy would have time to recover control from the kid before handling (i.e. tire goes flat, engine dies, etc...). As to an animal, you really have two possibilities. Either an animal too big to hit, and the land is flat and clear enough that you could see one coming from a long way off. Or a small one, which you are taught to just hit and keep going (phrase from my motorcycle safety course was "Bunny? Sorry...thump thump"). Neither is likely to cause you a great problem. If you realize that a lot of riders will take their hands of the handlebars, you will find it isn't much different here. Not something I would do, but not as completely insane as it first looks.
And a kid that small isn't going to be able to cause a counter steer.
My guess is that it was more about making the kid happy than facebook likes. I would have killed to have someone let me "drive" a bike at his age. Did he put the kids life in danger? Sure. But how much more so than just riding with him? Not much. I wouldn't have done what he did, but I also realize this wasn't as dangerous as redditors seem to think.
Now I am picturing hookers surrounded by champagne bottles offering to blow people for a glass of water.
While I don't actually launder money I have done this style of betting for hours every time I visited a casino for about a decade. Whenever I get dragged to a casino by friends I would do this as I could go for hours without losing much. No one has ever cared.
Wasn't meant to be casual. The way he is treating the press is particularly frightening for me.
Had a neighbor growing up that was a big alcoholic and ended up dying of sciroccos. His wife went through the house, top to bottom and piled up all his bottles in the back yard of their house. Ended up with a mound that was about 5 feet in diameter and about 4 feet tall. All the same pint bottles. And every single one of them was completely empty. As in not a single drop left. Was pretty sad to see.
I have had this happen quite a few times. People seem to do it reflexively and then realize what they have done and apologies. I always show them the trick we used at McDonald's for this. Open new straw. Dip straw into one drink, hold a finger over the other end. Hold straw over tongue and remove finger from end of the straw.
Not the manager but was a co-worker. There was a developer at a company I worked at that hated the place. He was a smoker, and while out on a smoke break he spent the entire time talking about how stupid the place was, how the managers were idiots, how the company was run poorly, etc... One of the smokers he didn't know was a Senior VP. The guy let him rant and noted his name from his badge. When bitching guy finished his smoke he went back to his desk. Waiting for him at the desk was an HR rep and a security guard with a box. It was by far the quickest I have ever seen a developer fired. From the incident to the desk being empty was less than 15 minutes.
This comment thread is about laundering money, not winning money. Basically you want to act like you have a bunch of money at risk in such a way that it looks like you won money. But you are really just winning a portion of what you are losing. What I described is guaranteed to lose you something like 7% of your overall stake while giving you a plausible excuse for the remaining g 93%.
Sounds like he has given a few anyway...
Narrators: Roy Datrice James Marsters George Guidall Dick Hill Frank Muller William Dufris
Favorite Audible Books: Any Dresden File book by Jim Butcher The Dark Tower Series by Stephen King The Talisman and Black House by Stephen King and Peter Straub American Gods (original, not the full cast recording) by Neil Gaiman Any Jack Reacher book by Lee Child The Game of Thrones series by George R. R. Martin
Well I thought it was pretty clear from context that I was saying if he uses a common metaphor from our world he isn't going to stop and cite the reference in a footnote.
"Oh God, Oh God, We're All Gonna Die"? Not like Wash can use the catchphrase anymore...
Well, the clear popular vote was for Hillary based on her 3 million more votes than Trump. Doesn't matter in the end obviously but can't mention popular vote without mentioning that Hillary actually won it. Bernie might or might not have, but Hillary did.
If you can't understand that the huge divide in wealth is inevitably going to break any system then you are not very bright. We are going to have to find a way to limit the widening of that divide somehow or we are doomed.
Well, it is kind of complicated. He basically lost a lot of other people's money and because of a loophole at the time is able to use those losses to offset his income. So to do what he did you have to find a bunch of investors to milk for millions.
This would be trickier than it sounds. There really isn't much of a reason for a site that allows you to see someone's tax returns out on the internet at large. You need sites to let people file them, but not review them. This means the IRS site that does allow viewing these is very likely an intranet site and not an internet site. So you have to break into the network to even get to the point where you might be able to break into the system to get the records. So the accountants that filed the documents for Trump are the next likely target. That would be the easier target in all likely hood. But still not easy. Any company that deals with accounts that large would have a huge incentive to keep their customer's data safe. Otherwise their other customers are probably going to leave. And last would be Trump himself. He would have copies of all of that somewhere. No telling how well that would be secured. If someone does actually hack these it will almost certainly be an inside job. Someone who works for Trump, someone who works at the accountant, or someone who works for the IRS. And one more route where it may show up is if someone can sue him for something and make his tax returns a discoverable item. Most likely would be a divorce but I don't see his wife divorcing him any time soon.
Where did you see that I offered any solution to the problem at all, nor claim solving it was simple? Nor did I mention the government as the mechanism for change. Personally if a change comes about, I think it will be initiated by institutional investors. They have the power to force companies to do things that are against the companies executives interests.
Yep, that would be his tax attorney/accountant. A possibility. Just don't hold your breath. Would love to see it happen, but I don't expect it to.
If you read up on Churchill, he did a lot of pretty reprehensible things. A whole lot of people starved in India as direct result of policies he enacted. He killed a lot of Indian industry too that still hasn't recovered. Churchill did a lot of good things to help fight off the Nazi's, but he did a lot of really bad shit too.
And I thought it would be hard to find someone less suited for the office than Trump :)
Because they think the president should be a guy they can have a beer with. Democrats want a statesman, GOP want a drinking buddy. Really is as simple as that.
Yeah. One of the problems I have had with Trump going back to the 80's is he has no class. Silly me, but I think a politician should have class.
I wasn't missing anything. I know the argument. It just isn't a strong one imho.
And again, you have audio of him bragging about this? Because we do with Trump. Him actually bragging about grabbing women by the pussy. I am sure there is a woman who has accused every single president of impropriety at some point (excepting Buchanan who was rumored to like men). And some of those accusations are certainly true. As to whether it is so with this woman and JFK we will likely never know. But we know for a fact that Trump was bragging about his exploits.
And yet, you haven't posted the audio link... And saying "if I don't have sex every day" isn't exactly on the same level of crassness as "grab them by the pussy".
Nah. Didn't your mom teach you that hanging with a bad crowd was a bad idea? If he was an angel, he wouldn't be running a white supremacist group.
Pretty sure media crews were...
Umm, no it isn't. I know quite a few people that voted for Trump for that very reason. I know quite a few people that voted for W. for that very reason. It was widely talked about during W's election in fact. It isn't something I came up with.
Did I call for him to be locked up? I don't think I called for him to be locked up....let me check, no I haven't called for him to be locked up... Wait, didn't someone call for Hillary to be locked up without, you know a trial...seem to remember that happening recently. Who could I be thinking of...rhymes with dump, clump, er.... That is right, Trump! Yes, Trump was calling to lock up Hillary on unsubstantiated claims, without sufficient evidence, and no court of law.
Well, I don't think anything I have said tells you who I support either now does it? I never said I supported Hillary either. But guess what, from context we can both tell that can't we? Yeah we can. The audio of Trump is all the smearing that should have been necessary for Trump's name. And that was from his own lips, not mine. Whether he assaulted women or not, what he said on the tape alone was enough to disqualify him from office imho. And I made no claims past that. Anything else you have read into my words things I didn't claim.
Cool was part, but having been a Rhode scholar and the editor of the Harvard Law review respectively had a bit to do with it. Don't you think? What did W. do at college again? Nothing we have ever heard of... Trump? He went to a college that evidently plays down his having attended allegedly ...
I kind of think it was a play to make confirmation of his ambassadors as quick as possible. Didn't I just read they were planning on appointing an NFL owner as the ambassador to England?
Sigh. The one sure way to guarantee something will happen is to tell the universe it is impossible. We don't bankrupt the country because we don't print money. We bankrupt the country by running out of people who will lend it to us. He pisses off enough people, starts tariff wars, etc... it is a possibility. We are a long way from there, but I don't like a guy being president who has talked about negotiating our debt down like it was just another company he had run.
The problem is that the people who set the policies have a built in firewall to keep from having to listen to the results of their policies directly. I dislike arguing with the employees either, but it isn't like they will ever let you speak to a policy maker. So the best you can do is ask them to convey exactly how unhappy you are.
I know a couple of Iranians. This just simply isn't the case. A large part of Iranians aren't happy with how things are currently. They just go along with whatever they have to so they don't get thrown in prison.
Big difference was that Baghdad Bob wasn't being a jackass while he lied to the press. Baghdad Bob was polite.
And spend an hour on hold...
And schools should teach the controversy of the words too. Yeah. We can call it Intelligent Diction.
Pretty sure I won't forget "Alternative Facts". I am going to be using that phrase till the end of my days to ridicule liars or simply people that try and defend their mistakes.
Don't hold back. These idiots need to learn they are idiots.
Yeah, front row seat.
Don't you mean for the rest of his life? This is his "I scored 4 touchdowns in a HS football game" Al Bundy story...
I have played with Predator shafts, then Predator cues for the last 20 years or so. I played with McDermott's before that mainly, but also played with a Legacy (basically a Meucci in disguise). The biggest reason that I like them is that I get consistent and repeatable spin. The McDermott had a solider hit and was easier to jump balls with the full cue. I could get a lot more spin with the Legacy, but it was hard to predict/control.
I do a couple of things in these cases. If you wait till their turn is over and they are back sitting with you, ask them what they were thinking on the shot. After they finish telling you what they were thinking, agree that their reasoning was sound. But then ask them whether they though about doing x, y, or z instead. It allows you to plant the seed of change without telling them they were wrong. The other trick I use is if a player takes time on a shot that you think they are going to choose wrong on, call time out. When you go to the table tell them they looked like they were struggling with a decision and ask them what they are thinking. Then you can give them the pros or cons of that approach, and suggest other approaches. Ask if they have questions, and tell them to shoot whatever they are most comfortable as you walk away. The biggest way to get people to buy in to your timeouts is to have them execute your coach, and have success in doing so. Once you get them to trust you then they will be less hesitant.
Neil Med sells a variety of kits for flushing out your sinuses with a saline liquid. I would recommend the battery powered device, but the squeeze bottle one works well too. Neti-pots don't give enough pressure to really rinse out your sinuses. The important thing is to use distilled water rather than tap water when you mix the saline solution up.
I don't think he was trying to get on the rail. I think he was just playing the angle and got fortunate that he rolled up as far as he did without going too far. Good shot, but a bit fortunate too.
If this is the incident I remember, it happened in Kansas City. The local tv here were doing live spots out in front of the arena to talk about the tragedy. As they were talking about the man's death, there were wrestling fans crossing their arms and yelling "Eat Me" or something similar to the camera. Most embarrassed I had ever been for mankind.
Nah, there are plenty of people that hate him. And most of them don't even want to hear his name.
The people that don't take their carts back are probably the same people that don't really care if their car gets dinged.
Exactly.
This is some "Alternate" understanding of what pay means. When someone tells me I am paying for dinner, I don't assume they are going to charge me a fee to drive me to the restaurant and will then count that as paying. You can rationalize it all you want, but when he says "And Mexico will pay for it" it is clear what impression he wants to leave.
Not at all, would be happy to share my bbq with you whenever you want.
Vegetables are not tasty. They aren't edible to me.
My great grandfather and grandfather both passed away in their late 90s and neither ate vegetables. Why do you assume someone who eats meat will have a short lifespan? And even if I did, would rather die young eating stuff I like than live a century eating things that taste awful.
Never had the opportunity to taste one. Taste like chicken?
You realize that not all planes are in the $100,000+ range right? You could probably find one for about the same price as a cargo van if you aren't too picky.
As will everyone's eventually. Not many people are healthy when they reach their 90s are they?
Bitch, I am not arguing what he meant. I am arguing what he meant people to believe when he said it.
Could be. Whatever it was it nauseated me.
Or someone that realizes there were plenty of other ways to phrase it, but he chose the one that was most easily misunderstood by the masses?
No, not really. What he should have said was "We will build a wall, and will pay for it by increased tariffs on Mexican goods entering the US". Which by the way, is still the US population paying for it as they just raise the cost of the goods to cover it. But instead, Trump says he will make Mexico pay for it as if they are going to write us a check for it.
The desperation to support a ridiculous statement comes out in all these responses including Trump's. Like I said, there is no reason to word what he said the way he did unless he wanted to mislead people. But don't let reality impinge on your day.
Ewww, exactly what we want in politics. Someone who "rekts" people and makes funnies. That will surely make America great again...sigh.
And Trump hasn't exactly sold off his business interests...
Used to support an application that was used internationally. For some reason one night, at like 3 am, one of our users in the Philippines called and woke up my boss to tell him that the system was running fine. Note that they hadn't had any issues before this or anything. Just randomly out of the blue called to say everything was great...
Same. Was an amazing experience, but have absolutely no interest in ever doing it again.
That may actually be what they are going for. They are trying to force confrontation between the Democrats and Republicans in congress over the confirmations. How better to continue framing the Democrats as evil? These people are fucking psychos.
Someday, if there is any justice in the world, this lady ends up on the supreme court.
They don't want the Democrats support. They want to crush the Democrats beneath their heel. Much, much different. We are so screwed...
Not sure why anyone is down voting you. I thought the exact same. Will get better results by just getting a replacement shaft. Either have the local guy make you one, buy a predator shaft that will fit, etc...
Looks like a cheap cue that could be bought at WalMart back in the early 90's. I see this as I have one that is somewhat similar. The main point of similarity is that the shaft has the pin rather than the butt. And the joint has the same brass look as the one I have. For mine, i think I spent about $25 back in 1991 or so.
Pretend it is a roller coaster for take off and landing. Listen to Magic Carpet Ride during take off. Basically, enjoy it.
Anyone who has played APA for any length of time can tell the sandbaggers from the honest players. They are not hard to tell apart. And it isn't hard to identify their teams. Are they constantly an inning higher per game they won when you compare notes? Do they never have any defensive shots marked for their players? Do they argue over innings or defensive shots in ways that would help their players stay low? For players, you get two types of sandbaggers. Ones that are good at it and ones that suck at it. If they are good at it, they basically just try harder shots than they need to. They do so before making any balls so that their opponent has as many obstructions as possible. They get to the inning count they need and then run out at the next opportunity. The bad sandbaggers run down to the eight ball, and place it in a spot that they can make it whenever it is convenient. They miss trivial shots on the eight ball in ways that leave their opponents bad shots.
Nah, been playing APA for 20 years and it is a rare week that I don't see a sandbagger or two on an opposing team. I am a strong 6 and can tell you pretty quickly is legitimate in their handicap and who isn't. I play APA once a week to hang with friends that don't play as well as I do. If we have a new player who talks about wanting the team to qualify for Vegas, I tell them that will be highly unlikely on our team. We don't sandbag, and it is nearly impossible to take an honest team to Vegas. I tell them if Vegas is their goal, to just quit the team, save the $7 a week plus food/drink money and put that toward a plane ticket.
&gt; CTE I had never heard of this before seeing this thread. I just watched a few youtube videos and did a little reading. And it seems to be utter and complete BS at first glance. People are actually paying money to learn this stuff?
I got the impression that Burt knew them but didn't put them up to doing it. I think he asks Eddie if the guys name is Turk or something like that.
When you are hustling someone you are trying to just win by a little so that the opponent keeps thinking he had a chance to win. Or you are running a hustle on them that they can't possibly win but they don't know. The one from Color of Money where Cruise goes into a pool hall and wins consistently. Newman comes in and makes it look like he doesn't like Cruise. He eventually gets someone in the bar to bet him on whether Cruise would lose the next game or not. When the guy puts down a large sum that Cruise would win, Cruise loses on purpose and Paul collects the big pay day.
I watched Jeanette Lee and Richie Rich play sets of 10 ball for about 6 hours for $10,000 a set. I saw guys I had never heard of playing sets for $80,000. It was more fun when the DCC was in the hotel in Louisville as they didn't have to hide the betting. You would see stacks of cash on the lights over the tables so could easily tell what each group was gambling.
You would likely have to get very, very lucky to find a decent 9' table for 1k. Craigslist is about your only chance.
Do yourself a favor and take a MSF course. The tests they give in class take the place of the written and road test at the DMV and you use their equipment to learn on.
Excellent question. And certainly one they will look into. Maybe he bought it fairly and is getting more than he could expect from the sales. Maybe he bought it at a discount in a similar way years ago. Or maybe he bought it on loans from foreign entities, and has only been paying them back on paper. Or maybe these sales are all perfectly legal. One reason so many people were asking for his tax returns is to try and puzzle out this type of stuff to at least some degree for themselves. There is a reason that presidents put all of their stuff in blind trusts, and it was the biggest reason I was against having Trump as president. There really was no way he was going to separate himself from his financial interests, and anyone who thought he would or has was deluding themselves.
So your argument is you are fine with this because the weapons are too big for terrorists? If Qatar is funding terrorists then they are our enemy. You don't sell your enemy weapons even if that creates jobs at home. Either they fund terrorist and are our enemies or they are allies who don't fund terrorists in which case we should sell weapons too. The math here is not that complex.
That isn't what the comment I replied to was saying. Obama didn't say they funded terrorists and then make the agreement. Trump said they funded terrorists and then let the sale proceed. Makes no sense.
I don't fail to recognize that, but it isn't the point. If someone is an enemy you don't sell them tic tacs. So don't say they are awful and sell them anything. Makes you look like a hypocrite.
My point exactly. Trump's bullshit statement about Qatar shows he is more worried about his political message and appeasing his base than he is actually about keeping us safe.
Well give Trump time. He seems to be doing his best.
Trump offered no proof they fund terrorists. I don't recall Obama claiming they did. Obama selling an ally weapons makes sense. Trump selling arms to someone he publicly claims fund terrorists doesn't.
Never said the planes would help terrorists did I? Nope. I don't even mind the sale, just don't run your mouth about an ally then sell them a bunch of planes. Trump wants to have his cake and eat it to.
They haven't said who is ineligeable. So can't tell which games go. Need list of ineligeable players to know which games are vacated.
The question is which players are ineligible. Without knowing that we don't know what games are gone.
Yes. Quite.
And we are believing her why? Not the most credible of witnesses. Not saying they weren't involved, but guessing the NCAA needs someone else's word on that one.
A Louisville assistant coach thought it would. Or maybe he just wanted to be Big Man on Campus. And reports are that recruits have specifically said they went elsewhere because of this. And we have gotten better recruits since these episodes than we did during. Not saying we don't deserve punishment, but there is zero evidence McGee's little parties helped us in any way.
You really think Cal is squeaky clean? World Wide Wes ring a bell? Two vacated final fours which clearly Cal knew nothing about? But certainly Rick had to be involved in this half assed crap. Uh huh....
Anyone shows up to repossess my DVD of the game, my championship hat, or shirts and they can Fruck right off :)
Umm, you are suggesting that Pitino was in on hiring women to lure recruits and you think he wouldn't go top shelf because? That is very different that Arnie sticking his wick in an available hole.
Lol, there are very, very different shades of shady. Sure, I wouldn't leave Rick around a wife or daughter. But I think you would be safe asking him to hold your wallet. I don't think he would intentionally cheat at basketball (like sending the wrong player to the line to shoot a free throw for instance). I don't think he would cheat to gain a recruiting advantage. May sound strange, but I think basketball is an institution that Rick respects a hell of a lot more than the institution of marriage. But what do I know.
The most inconvenient thing about this world is that people aren't one dimensional. But it is also one of the best things.
You just blew my mind. I always assume simple fractions were beyond a UK fan :)
The point being that all of what you have stated is evidence. And probably more comprehensive than what exists in the case with UofL currently. No hard evidence exists at all. Everything is either allegations by Powell, or recounting of events by recruits. But I can't really claim McGee did nothing wrong. Way too much smoke for there not to be fire. And I would say the same is true of Rose's questionable SATs.
If you are male and decide to try out sky diving, wear a jock strap. I screamed like a little girl when the chute opened because no one shared this wisdom with me ahead of time.
Found the solution to this. Instead of reaching for the check, hand the waitress/waiter your credit card. They aren't going to refuse it to let a check argument proceed. And if you are paying attention you can have it out and to the waitress/waiter before they even present the bill. And no one else is likely to have their card ready so I have always won the game this way.
Possibly she just got what she normally would there if she was well off, and wasn't trying to take advantage. Well off people see the world different. I worked with a lady whose husband owned multiple large construction companies. She worked because she was bored. Had a boss that was going away for a bit so someone asked everyone to get her gag gifts. This rich lady didn't catch the gag gift part and bought her a nice $300 Coach purse. As far as I could tell she never noticed the discrepancy between the gifts of Gas-Ex and the purse. And she seemed really confused when the organizer tried to apologize about not explaining the Gag part. Wasn't showing off, just thought gift and immediately went to a crazy expensive purse.
I am a glutton for lost causes.
Then she is an idiot.
Why don't casinos add a sort of bad beat jackpot to the game? Basically set aside a tenth of a percent of slot revenue in a bad beat pot. Whenever something like this happens you pay out from that to the maximum of the machine payout or the amount of the fund, whichever is smaller. Display the fund amount in big lights on a wall or something. Would take care of the precedent problem, the regulation problem, and the PR problem with something inexpensive and easy to implement.
Heading to Omaha tomorrow 😀
Yep. And in Trump's parody of the Godfather, this is who we get for that role. I am still trying to figure out whether Flynn or Obannon will end up being Fredo.
But now he has been washed in the blood of the wildcat and was born anew. Got it.
Never even heard of her. Better looking than Fredo at the least. Thinking Pence must be Sonny. The one that was supposed to be in charge.
And this is what fans outside of our little state just don't get. Basketball isn't religion. It is much more important than that 😜
Tell me the phrase "magically delicious" appeared in there somewhere. Even if it is a lie....
I have it on DVD and no one can take that away. 😜
It is that 21% who disagree are pretty damn vocal about it.
The last thing you want in a president is irrationality.
I am trying to figure out how far down this rabbit hole they would have to go before I fly to Washington to protest in person. Firing Mueller may just do it.
Hillary was an idiot when it comes to technology. Trump is just an idiot. Orders of magnitude different.
I used the plural 'orders'. Implying at least two orders of magnitude, or 100x difference.
Umm, you obviously haven't heard about the slaps on the wrist he was giving out for players with legal issues this past season. I live in Kansas and even the KU fans are pretty salty about how minimal his reaction has been.
Enlightened but still furious. The best parts of the show were when the fury poked through the Zen facade.
It was freaky how similar yet different the two versions were. Liked the UK version more but the US version was not bad.
And the garage was cluttered as fuck. No way they killed her there and didn't get blood on something they didn't clean up. I don't know that Avery is innocent but the story the prosecutors told just didn't make sense. And I don't think Steven was involved at all. Or if he was he had no idea what he was doing.
Or he pushes them out because he has someone he thinks is better coming in.
Fool's mate you mean?
Trump isn't. Putin is.
Have two related stories. Sister did this when she was working at an amusement park. Reflexes are not always your friend. Scarier one was I worked at a McDonald's in HS. The chains grandson was manning the fryer and was on LSD or something similar. Not a good idea. We noticed he was staring into the fryer like he was watching something swim around in it. He then slowly reached in with both hands. No reaction to the pain at all. Manager grabbed him immediately and pulled him out. Never saw the guy again but assume he had a lot of skin grafts in his future.
If I was just starting out I would go the Sony mirror less route. Canon bodies and lenses are great but you get more bang for your buck with the Sony's. I have a fortune in Canon lenses so hard for me to switch now, but would in a minute if I hit the lottery.
And your ef-s lenses end up being worthless to you if you go full frame at any point. Better off getting a cheap aps-c body and a couple of the lower end EF lenses.
That doesn't mean that the same type of memory/card interface exists in this hardware. Plus the image processing pipeline may be doing more to the picture as it flows along than a cheap phone or point and shoot would.
The point I make to those trying to leverage other offers is they really need to be perfectly balanced. As in you don't care which you take. If they aren't, then don't try it. Leveraging something you don't want against something you do as if they are equivalent misses the fact that the reason the less desirable option is offering more money is because it is less desirable. It is built in.
Yeah, pretty sure it makes a big difference. Heat dissipation for one thing. Larger size likely means longer read times for another. And things like rolling shutter issues are likely more difficult to deal with with the larger sensors because of this. But keep thinking you can cram every feature into every camera if you want. Free country still.
Never had or used a Joss. But I would suggest looking at the predator sneaky Pete's. Good solid cues and nice low deflection shafts. I have one and it plays great. I use it when I don't want to take my nicer and pricier predator.
Look up long exposure noise...And then get back to me. Basically keep the shutter open on a dark night and some pixels heat up more than others on the sensor. This results in hot spots in the image. Cameras can take a sample from the sensor for the same amount of time with the shutter closed to determine which pixels will be noise. Then on the actual photo they can eliminate those hot pixels to reduce this noise from resulting g image. And this is for shots in the thirty second range. You don't think that will happen when doing 4K video for a half hour? Any electron through any medium meets resistance and causes heat. And amplificatioeans power is added meaning more electrons and more heat. You say that competition is doing it already. They aren't in the same sensor size and at that price point. Meaning your comparison to others doing it is irrelevant.
Then buy a Sony? Not sure why you are arguing the point. This camera isn't for everyone. Obviously Canon expects them to sell as is, or they would have consulted you on their marketing plan.
The longer a sensor is sampling the worse hot pixels get. I know this because I do a lot of low light photography and have for a decade. Don't need to google or check a wiki for something you actually have experience with you know. I can just look back on tens of thousands of frames I have shot. And no, the 5D doesn't solve the problem because it has a larger sensor I assure you. You have said nothing to suggest you have any experience in this area at all. To me it appeared you are just googling things I mentioned andakeing nknee jerk assertions accordingly. Have you done long exposure photography and had to deal with this noise as I have? Doing 1080 means nothing about 4K support. That is like saying if a car can do 40 it can surely do 120 mph right? 4K has 4 times the pixels of 1080p. So assuming you aren't suggesting dropping to a quarter the fps to get the same pixel throughput your argument doesn't seem to hold water. And I can't imagine the point of doing 4K at 15fps; great picture but horrible motion blur...Great.
I definitely understand this perspective, but I don't agree with it. If I read something that contains a powerful argument, the printed text just disappears. For me the message is important, and I am pretty forgiving of the text that conveys it. And no amount of grammatical protection will make a weak argument valuable.
I am in my forties and am one generation from living with an outhouse. And I used one pretty often as a child. It sucked. Be happy if you have never had that experience.
Was in Brussels back in 2012 and they had towers of trash bags on every street corner. Was pretty disgusting. It isn’t a NY only thing.
Surprised they didn’t look at the shadows under the balls. Pretty much the easiest way to tell. If the shadow of each ball touch then the balls are touching. If their is a line of light separating the shadows then they aren’t touching.
I would think a picture of the sockets and wiring would tell more about the age than the outside. I would be amazed if they aren’t still producing lights with that look. So could be two years, twenty years, or 80 years. The really old ones I have seen were all glass. If it is plastic I would guess sixties as the oldest. But then I would think the plastic would have the color fade and would be cracking by now. Just a guess.
I haven't liked him since the first time I saw him on the tv back in the 80's. I generally don't like anyone who exhibits a "Look at me, I am rich!" veneer. Anyone who plates/paints everything he owns in gold is trying to hide something... Turns out his personality, his attitude, and his policy matched my first knee jerk reaction.
Iron butterfly. Great song.
Mine routinely last 18 months. I just ignore the warnings till they actually die. So I don’t think they have a software kill switch in them.
I tried trackr first. But they discontinued support of the app I needed for my model before the batteries needed replacement. Was annoying. Mine was the first model so maybe they got better with later models. The trackr feature to essentially triangulate the tracker was much better than what tile has.
The Incarnations of Immortality series by Piers Anthony The books are told from the perspective of various humans that end up in the jobs of Death, Nature, War, Time, Evil, Good, Fate, etc... Each of those getting its own book. The characters end up running through the same scenario but from completely different perspectives. I.e. Death is inevitable and reduces suffering, War is the only way for the oppressed to free themselves, etc... The most interesting of the perspectives is Time. He lives backward in time so runs through the same events as the others but starting at the ending and working to the beginning. Really excellent series. Especially if you like Sci-fi/Fantasy as the two are mixed.
Generally I have seen last pocket or bank the eight games from people who are trying to lengthen games to save a few quarters. Makes the game go a bit longer.
Gleason was supposed to be a world class level player. So not a whole lot different.
My suggestion would be to pay all your monthly bills on CC and pay them off each month. Same effect but you get cash back bonus or points and pay zero interest. My score reached high 800’s without trying that way.
Compare it with the praise for rocket man from NK media . Not a lotta difference between the mentality of the two.
This hurts a lot of people’s heads. I kind of think of it as this. I know a value, or I know the location of the value. I know my own phone number. But if I need the phone number of my doctor I know it is stored in my contact list. When you allocate space for an object/value, you have to make sure you have enough space for the object. When you allocate a pointer you are only securing enough memory to store the location of the object. Where people screw up is assuming a pointer and an object are the same types of things.
Did the same thing to a friend’s cuetec. Only cue I have seen that you unscrew the whole bottom of the butt to get to the weight bolt instead of unscrewing the bumper itself. I had a cuetech break cue so just swapped the butt cap piece for his broken one. I then used shoe goo to repair the broken one. Worked great.
Not really. The smart key items are about $30 by themselves. Add in a $30 tile that can be recharged? Been using a keysmart for years. Worth every penny. Have given them out as gifts and recipients love them too. There are some cheaper similar products now.
Better option is to buy it, and never tell the kids you have it. Remove any indications on the product that the tech is present (model numbers, labels, etc...). That way you get the benefit, without having kids trying to break it. If it ever saves a kid, you just tell them they got incredibly lucky that it malfunctioned at just the right time. Table saws should scare the shit out of the kids.
Divorced and didn't get custody might be the best scenario of a bunch of horrible ones...
Can’t believe this was that far down. I am a dude but mom made damn sure I had one of these and a needle and some common thread colors before loosing me on the world. I found a plastic version of this that works even better than the metal one.
Think the phrase is more people need killin than horses need stealing. From a western but not sure which one.
One of my grandparents houses was in the country. Everyone in the area knew a spot off of one of the state roads which was the closest place they could get food delivered to. Order pizza, drive to the spot and wait with three other cars for the driver to show up.
Having been a developer for 24 years, and having been responsible for managing developers myself for a large percentage of that time I can give you a few things to look at. How good are you at telling a client no? If you are constantly giving clients what they ask for, instead of helping them find a way to accomplish what they need in a maintainable way you might suck. How many releases have you had to back out? This is the number one sign of bad developers imho not to mention QA. How many defects have you fixed that have been re-opened? If you have a lot of these you probably suck. How many projects are you a bottle neck for? If a lot you probably suck. Your code should be easy enough to pick up that anyone can work on it. If you are the only guy that can work on "x" either the rest of the staff suck or you do. Odds are it is you. Do you find yourself arguing with QA a lot? If so you probably suck. Either you are constantly giving them buggy code, or they simply don't trust you. Either is a bad sign. Do you find yourself spending a lot of time in a code review how you got something to work? If so you probably suck. Code should generally be self explanatory and when walking people through code reviews you should not get many questions...mostly head nods. Code isn't done till it is simple. Adding DI to your code doesn't make you awesome. Knowing when to and when not to add DI to your code makes you awesome.
Personally I think they plan to move to Europe when it gets too bad here. Just like England and India, they are sucking up as much wealth as they can and plan to bail when the shit hits the fan...
I think several states have this law. I know Ohio did when I was under 21 at the very least.
And not the only one to show up in King's work. One of it's brethren show up in the Dark Tower books.
Many hung over Saturdays spent watching that show in college. Back when I couldn’t afford cable that show running nonstop on one of the broadcast channels was awesome.
I immediately pictured a couple in tuxedo and ball gown going at it like wild animals. Only formal sex for you!
Shawshank Redemption
The Muppets.
Happened to me as a kid when my mom told me we were going to the lake. Was like a huge bell went off in my head. On the way back from the lake my mom’s friend lost control of the car on the interstate and we rolled three times landing on the roof. No one seriously injured luckily.
Was at a bar amongst KU and MU fans who could care less. I was a bit vocal asking how the hell you can foul a guy when he has you in a headlock. Just got funny looks. Couldn’t listen to the announcers so wasn’t certain the foul was on Ryan; was it?
Happened with a UK player in OT when they were playing UofL several years ago. Never felt so bad for an opposing team’s trainer than I did watching that. Dude walked away with a look of complete defeat and two handfuls of piss soaked towels.
Absolutely insane.
Not sure I would buy a lottery ticket that boldly claims "0 CHANCES TO WIN! right on the front... We all know the lottery is a poor gamble, but they are just rubbing your nose in it.
I tell my team to ask the other team loud enough where I can hear. That way I can make sure they get an answer and the correct answer.
Try not to be anxious about how you play but be interested in the game. New low leveled players who don’t seem to give a shit about the match or the game are as annoying as ones that live and die with every mistake. Sit beside an experienced player when you aren’t playing. Ask them questions like what would you shoot in that situation? What should he do there? Listen to their answers. Try and see the table like they do. Pool is as much about tactics and strategy as it is shot making. Learn the mental side while watching others play.
Most have sizable bolts that drop into the floor on either side. Would probably break the door before the bolt.
Law and Order. Original, SVU or major crimes. Doesn’t matter. That is my go to background noise to get to sleep every night.
My mom is right handed and my dad left handed. They just celebrated their fiftieth anniversary. My mother still hasn’t figured out she needs to let my dad have the left hand seat. At this point I really am not sure if she has just been playing a really long troll or is just that clueless.
One restaurant near me has this. Confused me the first time I went to bathroom and couldn’t find sink. Another restaurant has the sinks to the men’s and women’s restrooms on either side of a half wall. So also obvious if you don’t wash your hands.
As if he would be related to the poor peanuts that are doomed to be ingested. He is a peanut aristocrat. Getting rich off the poor is what they live for.
It seemed like a great idea till the nazis started the circumcisions....
Those are called bands I believe...
As if hairy legs and hairy pits could possibly deter a 16 year old horny male...
You doing 30 and them doing 80 is much more dangerous than you doing 65 and them doing 80. Speed doesn't kill...difference in speed kills.
At my first office job I had a desk that was set up facing a window. We had a bird that started flying at high speed into the window right in front of me a couple of times a day. Used to knock itself out. After about a week it was dead. We named it Curt Cobain posthumously. Birds are not very smart...
Maybe people don’t know it is the actual name of a neighboring county?
Water is much heavier than air. I doubt they are designed to withstand the extra weight.
Should pull a behanan and shoot them granny style. Was painful to watch.
Basically they make the distinction on whether the foul was a legit basketball move or not. All the fouls on Dok really were. All basically related to clicking out. If self had wanted to avoid this they could have just stationed him on the perimeter so blocking out would not have been a standard basketball move.
History of the World Part II. Who doesn’t want to see Hitler on Ice and Jews in Space!?
You of course are correct.
I think you have that backwards. The blower is probably on the roof and pushing air down the chute. At each floor some air is pushed into that floor. Reducing the duct at that point should help control how much goes to that floor. Basically the air volume decreases each floor.
My house and office still stand but there is a guy with a torch out in the parking lot....
The DNC selects one of the candidates through a primary process. Hacking them is hacking the process.
How is selecting one of the participants in the election not part of the election process?
As usual this list of options misses one. The company can make less profit. When a company is posting record profits and argues they can’t give raises it falls on deaf ears.
Dresden would be proud!
Pretty sure every strip club in the world has Russian dancers. Seems to be one of their major exports.
Justified
Played it a bunch in Ohio.
That light is too small. It is a question of shape more than anything. Making it brighter just won't help. To properly light a table you want a light that is almost as long as the table. And it should cast a wide enough light that it will reach from one rail to the other at the height you set the light. If you had 3 or 4 of those miller light lights you could just set them up in a straight line and probably would be fine.
I think I would replace the truck too.
Quite a few times. Most of the time I get by trying to stay mute and just pointing at things. Works fairly well.
My sister accidentally ran a Toyota Camry prototype into a factory wall. She was towing it behind a tug and cut a corner to short. Was a new body style so she was a bit concerned. Evidently happened all the time as nobody even blinked when she told them.
Every hot woman on the show ends up at least topless at some point.
If I think I can help someone (either male or female) who clearly is messing up a fundamental or chose an extremely poor shot, I usually ask “would you mind some unsolicited advice?” People either say “please” or “no thanks”. If no thanks I say cool and shut the fuck up. The interesting thing is men are almost 100% likely to say “please”. Women are about 50%. The thing I do this with more than anything else is when someone is holding the butt end of the bridge up in the air rather than bracing it on the rail or table. For some reason that annoys the hell out of me. And is something people correct immediately once someone points out the right way to do it.
I have something like four different kick systems I use for different reasons. So depends on which I am using. Single rail where I measure distance from ball to rail, and then shoot at spot that far behind the rail, I use center ball and a medium speed. Long single rail, use a touch of inside (running English) and shoot a touch harder than pocket speed. Two rail, normally good speed with lots of inside English. Three rail, lots of top inside with pocket speed. As cue ball moves up table (nearer point on rail I am aiming) the top drops through middle and down to low, and inside turns to center and then a touch of outside. So depends on the type of kick you are doing.
It is hard to find a particular witch in a cubic metric fuckton of witches. That is just science.
Molly’s game (the book at least) makes Toby McGuire sound like a total sociopath. Not sure if it is a true depiction or not. He did things like require that they use an expensive card shuffle machine he owned and then requiring they pay him rent on it. Required pre-knowledge of everyone in a game before anyone else. Tried to get the lady to bark like a dog for $1000. Forced other players to stop playing her game because she was making too much in tips from them, and then insisted on telling her himself. Also beat a friend of his out of $1,000,000, and immediately left game. Then loaned the guy money, but with the stipulation that Toby would get %50 of his poker wins and %0 of his poker losses for the next year. The equivalent of a huge interest rate.
Sounds like he is a tight player and was making a few million a year in Molly’s weekly game. I would be very surprised if he were not making much more off acting than poker in his heyday.
I haven’t seen the movie yet. But from what I have read they are the same.
My point is in your case not knowing didn’t prevent anything from happening. If you had responsibility for doing payroll for instance the missing paychecks would have given you and everyone else a clue. In this case, a treasurer would have needed to sign stuff on lines labeled “treasurer “ at least a few times a year. If the treasurer wasn’t doing so then either someone was forging it or they weren’t filing the proper documents. So this is a huge sign that something illegal is probably happening.
Yeah, that sounds about right. What I have seen is that there are two basic groups of APA players. The “this is fun” and “I want to go to Vegas” groups. You rarely get the rule mongers in the first group. I am firmly in the first group and stopped captaining teams because I felt I had to keep jumping in to arguments to defend my team when rule mongers tried to monger. I play APA to be social and play BCA for competition. If you try and take APA seriously it will be frustrating.
Yeah, heard that. Still doesn’t make sense.
The rules allow for it but I have never played in a BCA league that actually follows that rule.
I think the term is bow.
The crazy piece was operation mincemeat. They took a dead guy, dressed him like a soldier, planted fake intel on him and dumped him into the ocean in a way where the tides would take him to a shore where the axis powers would find him.
Had this problem with my first attempt at wall repair and painting. Worked with a guy who did drywall as a side gig. He said to never use the premix compound. Get the bags of dry joint compound and mix it yourself and you won’t have that problem. Took his word for it and have never had that problem again. Ymmv.
Never listen to the Nerdist podcast I take it? Whenever they did a hostfull episode (no outside guests) he would throw out jokes that were basically the foulest thing he could come up with for a given discussion. It always came off to me as him doing an impression of Bob Sagat’s comedy.
One can’t argue he is a comedian. One can make a strong case for him being a bad comedian pretty easily.
Funniest thing I saw was in APA. Teammate was on the eight ball. He marked one pocket, shot the eight at a different pocket, missed and three railed the eight into a third pocket. Both teams were dying and the player didn’t know why.
The problem is that proving these allegations false is impossible. The best someone can do is prove that there is no evidence it did occur. And at least a couple of the allegations that have come up are people saying they felt uncomfortable but never said anything. How do you disprove a feeling? I think most of the allegations that have shown up for various celebrities have been true. But it wouldn’t take much to tip it into a McCarthy type witch hunt that screws some innocent folks.
Knew a guy who did some contract development work for a company that provided phone sex services. He said it was surreal. His boss had stacks of porn mags piled up on her desk. Evidently one of her responsibilities was to go through every magazine they advertised a phone line in and verify the ad.
Towel
In college I lived with three guys who played on the soccer team. Above us lived four girls on the field hockey team (twins included). The water heater in the upstairs apartment failed and took out the ceiling in our bathroom. Coincidentally being half the floor in their bathroom. It stayed open for about two weeks waiting for the landlord to fix it. In the meantime, going to the bathroom was an adventure and showers doubly so.
Photographer here. When taking the before and after you will want to use the same lighting for both shots and should hold something in both photos that has a constant color (ideally gray). Otherwise the camera is going to adjust the white balance in the two photos and may end up with photos that don’t represent the true change at all. If you have a gray card then you can use that and a good photo editing program to set the white point perfectly so you get a good comparison.
I don’t have a problem with BCA handicaps. There is little to no sandbagging with it, and imho the better team still wins the vast majority of the time. They are switching over to using Fargo rating currently so not sure if that will change my opinion. I haven’t played in a scratch BCA league. Around here the ones that do are primarily doing so in preparation for playing in BCA nationals. I don’t have any interest in that.
Is it just me or is Trump sounding like the crazy general from Dr. Strangelove? He starts talking about his essence and I am moving to Antarctica.
I like to think she had an aide that set up a lunch meeting for her and chose Mexican to troll her ass.
Don’t forget witness tampering by reminding those under investigation that pardons await the loyal.
I had a chance to tell a Chemistry 2 teacher how I organized a class wide cheat for the final. The teacher let us look at the test the day before but we couldn’t take notes. Just a chance to see what we needed to study. We knew in advance this would occur, maybe a day early. So I got the class together and we split the test amongst everyone in class. Bob got questions one and two. Nancy got two and three. John got three and four, etc... instead of trying to figure out whole test, just memorize the two you are assigned and write them down as soon as you can. Every question had two people covering it so we had a bit of error correction involved. Plus we had one guy who had a near photographic memory who was able to double check everyone. Once we coordinated and recreated the whole test, me and a few of the other A students completed the test open book style. We then compared answers and agreed on the proper answers. We then distributed the answers with the instructions that everyone should randomly miss a few answers. I took it a step further...cause why not. The teacher allowed us to use Walkmans during the test to listen to music. She had a student previously who had taped notes on blank tapes whom she caught so the one rule was you could only listen to actually manufactured/labeled albums. Well Camelot had a bargain bin with $2 tapes. So buy a copy of Aqualung, put tape over the holes that prevent recording, and record the answers to the test. She was pretty cool and i ran into her after I had graduated and she asked how everyone had done so well on that test. I explained what we did so she could kill off those loopholes. She found it both hilarious and mortifying. She did give me shit for how much work we put into it as I was carrying a 105 average into the final without cheating. Told her it was more about figuring out if it would actually work than anything else 😜
Listened to the first audiobook and it did nothing for me. Just had no clue what was going on the whole book so it became background white noise more than anything. That book did the series no favors in trying to draw people in. I would equate it to someone randomly job moving in and watching a soap opera episode. You have no context to what is going on so have no reason to care about anything of it.
There are series like that for me as well. So I get that. It just seemed like this series author went out of his way to make sure it was incomprehensible. Just seemed lazy. And like the fans of Infinite Jest it seems to be seen as some me sort of mark of accomplishment to get it. IJ isn’t hard to follow it just doesn’t resonate with everyone. The first book of this series didn’t give enough info to be comprehended. And I just don’t get why anyone would think that is a good thing.
Pretty sure there are maritime laws that say you have to get the person back to whatever port they joined the crew in. That may mean giving them a plane ticket to that port rather than actually keeping them on board though.
I have run into this a lot. Girls somehow think acting ditzy is attractive. Give me a girl that challenges me intellectually any day. When one of these type realize that the ditzy schtick isn’t working and turns it off suddenly, it is kind of disturbing.
The “I don’t know and I don’t care” ones are the absolute worst 😜
If I recall correctly it would take a lead box with sides a meter thick to make a difference. I don’t even want to imagine how much of a baggage fee they would charge for that. Chris Marquardt did a podcast with a particle physicist that talk about this very subject. It was quite a few years ago.
It is low probability but higher than what you get on the ground. And it takes a lot of dead pixels to really make much of a difference on a 5D. Noise reduction in the processing software you use will generally hide it so you won’t notice at all. Mine has flown many times with no noticeable degradation.
One pixel out of millions is not such a big issue. And photo editing software is very good at noise reduction which would essentially delete the dead pixels from images anyway. Not such a problem as it might seem.
Heard a rumor I was an undercover FBI agent. Is it wrong to take a little pride in a false rumor?
Biggest problem with this is controlling the cue ball after it hits the rack. Because of the mass differential, you will see draw off the rack magnified. So cueball will often shoot right back to you, sometimes scratching. It does make an effective break but you can end up with lousy shape or a scratch.
Read The Stand while home sick with the flu. Had Heart’s greatest hits on repeat the whole time.
So plenty of people have had one out of their 22,300,000 pixels go dead. And this is significant how? And what precaution are you referring to? The only effective precaution is leaving the camera on the ground. That is not a precaution, that is deciding you want a perfect camera more than wanting good pictures. Meaningless. Your analogy is faulty. If corrected it would be Leaving a boot in the sun with the small chance that 1 in 22,300,000 parts of the leather may be negatively affected by the sun. And even then it fails as their is no equivalent processing of the shoe that allows software to intelligently interpolate the tiny portion of affected leather such that any observer of it will not be able to see the damage. The comparison with the scratched hammer is accurate as it would take thousands and thousands of scratches to keep the hammer from working effectively. Just like the camera and it’s dead pixels. Either you buy a fancy camera because you want to be able to show off a fancy camera, or you own a fancy camera to help capture beautiful shots. I would gladly sacrifice my camera in its entirety if I were to get a perfect photo. Anyone who is serious about photography would do the same.
Correct. Imagine if the left part looked the same as the right. It would look like the woman was shot and just cut and pasted into the photo. The way it is done makes it feel more like she was part of the seen. Like many photos, the art is in the shadows.
Worked in fast food and witnessed several employees get fired for theft. None of them were prosecuted. Too much hassle for the company for the low amounts of money stolen.
Wiring money in the US is not normally cheap. Worked at a credit union and I think a wire was something like $8. At the time I was at a bank so I am sure that would have been more costly.
No idea. I had pretty good credit entering college as my dad planned ahead for me. Never ran into a problem because of credit, and this was a long time before things like Credit Karma existed
Not a stretch when you consider that Trump said basically that was what it was. It has been made palatable in its second iteration but its origins tell you its intent.
True but companies are inherently self centered. They only care about their bottom line. If these policies were causing more theft then they would prosecute. They didn’t so cheaper to not pursue them.
Can’t afford tax credit but can afford universal basic income?
How far does the cue ball travel after hitting the rack? And where does it end up? How hard do you break? Most of the good players I know talk about squatting the cue ball in either 8 or 9 ball break. Hitting it such that the cue ball bounces back off the rack and comes to a stop in the dead center of the table. Hits no rails and moves maybe a foot or two. That is what I personally try to do. When I first started playing I would load up on draw and watch my cueball shoot around the table and hope it wouldn’t find a pocket.
Reminds me of the Shoney’s vs Frisch’s Big Boy. I had grown up with both a Shoney’s and a Frisch’s Big Boy near me. A friend grew up in Arkansas and kept correcting me with Shoney’s Big Boy whenever I said Frisch’s. Turns out that they both were using Big Boy and decided to split the country up. On got to use. If Boy in one section of the country and the other got to use it in the other section. When we both finally stopped arguing about who was right and Googled it, the Wikipedia article blew our minds.
Would that make you feel better? Cause it is meaningless to me. We are seeing the fruits of a cluster fuck and it will drive our country toward ruin. You can point fingers at whoever you like, it won’t fix it. Instead learn from it. If you punish party leaders by not voting you end up losing in the end with crap like this Supreme Court. So don’t do that ever again. It’s like a spoiled child who argues over which channel to watch on tv till the parents turn it off. You didn’t win because the other side lost you dumb fucks.
Mostly keeping it illegal. Let the Dems take over the house and it is back to the dark days of Roe v Wade. Vote to retain the moron in chief or the babies will all die. Our future looks pretty bleak.
People expect things to be logically consistent for what they are. Aliens allergic to water should probably not be running through irrigated corn fields. If Briar Rabbit got skewered and died by the briars of the briar patch, people would be pissed at that too. I have read quite a few books on writing fiction. One consistent rule those books talk about is an author can get one free suspension of disbelief from his readers. In other words alien invaders will be accepted. Alien invaders who are also allergic to water and land in corn fields probably won’t be.
Are we sure they aren’t just in cahoots with the dolphins and mice?
Then he chose a very poor way of portraying that.
More specifically they were used as almost random processors. And that made sense. Humans are great at being unpredictable.
That looks very loud.
Dealing with rumors. I work in IT. Rumors should not be a part of IT work.
Riding a Motorcycle out in the middle of no where. No feeling like it.
Did we ever have proof that the “gods” would actually meet out the justice that was feared? To me it felt kind of like the guy entering the code in Lost. He did it because he was told to and was terrified of what would happen if it stopped.
If he is part of a coordinated attack he might keep quiet to let others carry out their parts before being discovered. Hopefully wrong. EDIT: seems like they have identified the shooter and he is just a nutjob with a grudge against that paper because they did a story about him being a nut at. So luckily it seems I was wrong!
Have you ever picked up a cricket bat? Probably not the easiest object to hide behind your back. Maybe find a Shillelagh?
I think they assume that is the only way I view or value women or something. I probably would have been better off saying “bad girls” than fuckable. When women talk about bad boys that seems to be what they mean. I learned to never argue with the internet because in the context they have they are probably right. Personally I will take the smart funny lady every time. ...shrug...
I attend pro pool tournaments when I have a chance. There was a guy selling hats with 88 on them at a few of the tournaments I went to. And he is pretty much what you would expect a guy selling hats with 88 would look like. The really sad thing was when I saw a couple of Hispanic guys buying those hats from him. Obviously they didn’t know what the significance was and the guy was happy to take their money. Sigh.
