What kind of scissors are those? They seem nice.
I think these could be great games if they focus less on the story. Or do a better job than the first one.
I dont watch twitch, but whats so wrong with it?
If you can get it cheap it's worth it for the exclusives. Ive also spent a ton of money on PS1 and PS2 games, so be cautious of that if you get one.
I think to open bottles. Like beer bottles or old cokes.
E3 is a miserable place to be. I dont blame him.
Ooph. People are saying no nemisis system either. That was basically the whole game.
This is great news, but Ill probably be watching Greg Millers crew.
A nukeakakey.
Ill check it out next.
Animated series are pretty expensive though. I wouldnt be surprised if cartoon network scoops them up.
Game of Thrones has been pretty boring this year. Korra really deserves it.
I used to do that like once a week. I know I fucked up when Boy Meets World wasnt on tv.
You didnt show the Full House clip. 0/10
But we also made a Top Gear. And a new season of The Inbetweeners. People of the world we're sorry.
I dunno I think it's only remembered fondly because Matt and Trey was in it.
The top middle looks like dude who played Louies dad and uncle.
Or they could buy it?
Did you even read the article? Lol
Home Improvement kid&gt;
And JJs reign was the golden era of the recap. People shit on him but he seemed like a really creative dude.
Now kill AHWU please.
So does that mean Joel's officially a disney princess?
Achievement Hunter is taken over by Smosh Games. Let the cringe begin.
Jontron's going to be announced as Rays replacement. Let the shit posting begin.
Didnt they have a failed kickstarter? If so then they talked about them for a big chunk of the podcast.
I couldnt find the podcast where gavin talks about that guy, but I did find the one where they talk about the kickstarter. It's episode 305 at about 32:30. Im not saying I believed he did it, was just curious where it came from.
It might have to do with them not following through witch their kickstarter, since they just made a film with the help of crowd funding.
i heard he smells funny too
Id lick his neckbeard.
BEARS le so funny XD
One of the cringeyest guys on the internet. Just look up comletionist videos from two months ago and back, and youll see. The completionists newer videos without him arent half, though.
Im pretty sure he only did it so when someone with half a brain watches the video, and looks at the comments they dont realize it's complete bullshit.
Roy? The challenge finder?
Me and my friends used to do this all the time. He has to be logged into your account when downloading.
Damn. Why do yall like to see this stuff? Just wait til the movie comes out, and be surprised.
When she was confessing, I wanted to lick taste those fat tears and laugh. But during the walk of shame I wanted to get a machine gun and blast the crowd.
"I want a game, thats not a game" Dude, youre at a games conference.
Aaaaand iiiiiiii HOLY SHIT wiiilll alwayyyys love youuuu
And they thought the sales was bad last time.
I think it wouldve been a perfect august game.
Where do I download the 360 games? I see them no where.
Madcatz is sweatin hard now. I just hope MS adds a turbo button.
Well, that stinks. I was hoping to replay Red Dead again.
Id honestly rather have another game than a new season, if its as good as Stick of Truth.
I imagine itll just end up people chasing the captain around the ship like a fool for a couple minutes. None of my xbox friens will go quietly into the night.
Its such a ridiculous argument, its almost like I was being sarcastic.
Yeah, thanks!
The Scranton Strangler is a pretty dope name.
I havent seen or read his review, but I thought it was an awesome movie. Granted I was really stoned, so that might affect my opinion.
Besides the fact that youre wrong too.
80s reboots and superhero films are in the same camp as me. They both show lack of original ideas in big hollywood blockbusters.
I was so happy when my little cousins told me DARE wasnt a thing anymore. So I did my duty and told them that 50% of people who smoke die of a heart attack after their first puff.
When they have ryu and kens dongs slapping during a fight cause the ingame physics, Ill be on board.
The internet was a thing, he just didnt live in an area where it was readily available. Maybe they tought we were being asshole kids, cause wed call alot asking for the price of random games.
Thats pretty fucking cool. Idk though it seems like most console games already do that though. I dont play many shooters so im probably wrong. What im interested in is if you can upshift and downshift with the paddles in forza.
That sucks. I hate all exclusives. I guess its good for the big wigs, but its a bummer you have to pay so much just to play a certain game. Sony, ill share some halo if you give us some uncharted.
Thats been the dream of games for me. I dont need to see the pores and every hair on the characters head move. I just have wanted games that look like cartoons. I can only really think of two, though. The Stick of Truth and a PS1 Batman TAS game.
How tf did they get the metroid guy? The Japanese usually avoid the xbox one like its another a-bomb.
That would mean someone would have to watch Little Nicky. I dont want someone to suffer just for a screenshot Ill forget about as soon as I see it.
My left, or your left?
Omg. Holy fuck dude. I didnt know I wanted this so badly.
0
And Rayman. I was bummed to not see any new Ubiart games at E3.
I think people enjoy riding hype more than actually playing the game. There's nothing wrong with that, theyll just be disappointed when it doesnt play exactly like it did in their head. Im not going to read up on the game anymore cause Im going to buy it no matter what. I trust bethesda and have enjoyed all their games.
Yeah, theyve got the same problem as Rockstar. Everything in the game is halfassed, because theres so much in the game. I still find their games fun, but prefer it when they go all in on a mechanic. Like MaxPayne 3 or Midnight Club.
I feel like thats a pretty good explanation. It felt like they cut alot of story from AoU. I hope they come out with an extended cut on bluray
I didnt play it at launch, I got it maybe 3 months later, but I have never had a problem with it. For sure worth $15.
Holy shit it did. I just couldnt play it it was so bad. Im glad Im gonna get a second chance at playing it now. All I have to do is now is get used to the bobbing.
Its pretty cool how interested in videogames he is. One of the few old peole I know of who is. Didnt he make a cool wii game? Battle Blocks? And he was involved in Medal of Honor if I remember correctly. It was basically the Saving Private Ryan videogame.
The hack fraud who made War Horse, War of the World and Indiana Jones 4.
Obviously his failures are more important than his successes. Have you never been on the internet?
I wouldnt mind if it were 720 60fps. I dont really care about resolution. Smoothness is way more important go me.
The graphics kinda look like butt anyway. I dont see an issue in lowering the resolution.
Itll need 6 less frames per second, plus black bars around the edge. Theyll also have to make it a 4 hour game where half of it is cutscenes and the other half is squatting behind cover and shooting baddies with four different kind of guns.
Homeless people dont make it seem like theyre going to spend it making a shitty videogame that will never be released. Most of the time theyre straight up and tell you theyre going to buy heroine
I aint do much schoolin
Ive realised life's too short to care what a butholes attached to.
Well, like my dads used to always say, " Its not gay if youre not emotionally attached with the butthole."
Looks like shes eating a booger.
She was hitting OPs pipe probably.
Hes gonna make an album about maximizing the efficiency of coupons.
The old people on facebook need something to hate on.
He seems like a very decent person. All hes given to charity and his community trump whatever hes said about people who grew up rich, and make albums now.
ITT: a guy whos taking a middle of the road approach and adding nothing to the conversation.
Minus yeezus and 808
Ok its cool. Ive only seen the trailer. I probably wont buy it because I have no friends with DS'. Id probably buy it for $15 though.
Grand Budapest Hotel's a better film anyway, you racist.
No one else thought it was funny? I thought it was in line with the last two spidey movies. Just like "He stole that guys pizza!" Or him telling the kids to look both ways before crossing the street, and the kids saying "Yes Mr. Spiderman." The Amazing movies lacked the corniness of the Raimi, that made them so much fun.
I dont think spiderman 3 was that bad. It's certainly better.than Amazing Spiderman 2. Id always hear rumors that they were going to do the lizard, before they announced the reboot. I guess they repurposed whatever script they had. Kingsley wouldve made a good Vulture, but Id love to see Danny Devito in the role.
He still has to be around her when she's talking. He's not that lucky.
When you get the One, do not make the mistake of getting the Nyko rechargeable kit. It is also garbage.
Neither of the two packs it came with still hold a charrge.
Him destroying sonic with the grey hedgehog dude.
And Egorapter isnt even that famous.
Im talking about her butthole.
I loved gears 2. Mustve played through it 4 or 5 times with a friend. I tried 3 alone, and it was way too slow for my taste. Might try replaying 3 with a friend.
Try the classic Benoit murder suicide.
Ive taken plenty of pictures with people I dont like.
Now this has to be posted.
"Off to slay dat puss"
You cant live off weed smoke?
I meant more on a morality level, but yeah I see what youre talking about. Ive know a couple polygamous couples and it does get pretty confusing. But if there was a way to have it done legally Id have no problem with it. There are smarter people than me to figure out the logistics.
And Phillip Seymour Hoffman was supposed to be the teacher in the into the woods episodes. He wouldve been great in the show, but I think the guy they got was pretty great too.
4 feet 20 lbs
Plus not very funny.
"Yes, 911? My husbands playing halo and watching porn! This is an emergency!" *click*
They should add to the Geneva Convention that no one should dig up other peoples myspace pages. I hope Im never famous, so no one will ever come across my myspace and care.
Benghazi 2: Electric Boogaloo
Id drink nothing but mtn dew dorito smoothies.
I mean, you still have to pay to get xbox live. That's their last big thing they have left to make right.
From what Ive seen they dont charge 30% more for games on steam. It comes from the developers cut. Id rather Microsoft take a larger cut than directly take my money for something I can do for free on other systems.
What the fuck are they going to do? Bring in a helicopter?
Yeah, true true. I thought you were saying they should have done more
Deoderant is the white mans lie.
It seems like this movie doesnt get enough love. Especially compared to frozen.
Yeah it's pretty crazy. I love Jon, but I think Dan is easier to listen to than when Jon was on it. Jon would go to some weird places, while Dan is kind of more traditional. I love them both equally, but I dont imagine GG wouldve gotten as big as it is now with Jon still being the not so grump.
Live for yourself. There's no powder that can give you pride over yourself.
That's racist as fuck dude. Not cool.
I could never finish it. It was way too hectic for my tastes. I might try to watch it again soon, but it had the same problem that lego movie had. It never had any down time.
Birdman or Lego Movie?
Youre not playing it right if you dont have the trigger pressed all the way down at all times.
I wish I could revert it back to the old way. I only played in first person to get the achievement, and never touched it again.
Me and my friend have been looking forward to Halo 5, cause all we ever play is Reach on splitscreen. Probably wont buy it now bc Halo's kinda dull to me in singleplayer.
And it looks like the guy is wearing underwear over his pants.
There's nothing more fun than playing golf in an empty field of grass.
Yeah dude. I dont think it should be used. Im sorry for all the assholes in your past, and it sucks that a word can bring up such negative feelings in a person.
The only yoshi you can get from a bluray is from the super mario bros movie, so nintendo.
And if nintendo publishes this game. Well put a nail in the head of the developers.
Im pretty sure the guys that work at nintendo and would even see this know what mega64 is all about. The videos they did with them was pretty nuts.
Everything Ive been spamming the comments of /r/gamegrumps has been a lie D:
Put it on easy bub
She's hot af in that Eddie Murphy movie too. I had that on vhs when I was a kid.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Huh. Cool, I loved Ex Machina.
Hopefully you're not dead by then
Mostly fat
Alabama Shakes?
They snapped in two and now both go by Lil Jon.
I'd Poe on her chest.
But Captain America is half of the Marvel Civil War and he has his name slapped on it. Its not called Marvel Civil War.
I'm still not sure it isn't.
If they hate working at amazon, get a new job.
And if you smoke out of if enough eventually you'll have a raisin.
That's mainly cause those films are fucking dumb.
Not doing typhoon spins in the air killing like four Jedi. Just fucking stupid.
Sorry I picked on your glow stick movies bub.
Yah he's funny
Yo, I voted for obama
Xbox should've launched with that slogan lol
I don't wanna see deadpool and I'm single. What do I do? Break up with myself?
ok :(
LA noire sequel.
It'd be cool if they put put the story board like they did for the original Monsters Inc on the special features DVD.
You can say that again.
It would be great if a certain other channel playing Mario would do that. But I guess its too much work.
Oh yeah. I know a lot of girls who are like that. Like I don't care if you like the more mainstream nerdy stuff just don't holler about it. Maybe I just hate every human ever idk
I was a dumbass kid and I even knew not to try anything Keenan and kel did lol
Wtf are you from the 18th century dude? You get water from a well?
How rude
Django X Zorro movie needs to happen.
Wow. I'd hate to live in that world. Everyday is insanity.
I dunno. I never notice it lagging after the update. And I haven't played reach in like three years.
They were supposed to be in the second game as summons iirc
Not him, but I agree. Its way too far in the first world problems for me to care. It never really gave me a reason to sympathize with the main dude. Plus I hate jazz.
That would be a fun drinking game
I read most of them when I was a kid, but I used to obsess over the first two movies. Gonna watch number four tonight.
Crowny Snapito
Y'all are falling for pointless political slandering.
Fuckin sweet
Damn. Idk how, but I'm excited to see ah videos again. What is this, 2014?
you cahn do eet
I love Rayman so much. Getting through the last level in origins, and the music video levels where you only have one life is so great. I wish they'd make a new one. My favorite platforming games.
Bravo, brother.
I know. People take these movies way too seriously. Its a movie where a roided out ww2 soldier, Norse god, a tech billionaire, and some jackass with a bow and arrow fight off aliens.
Yah this is the same asshole who climbed out a rhino butt naked.
It cost $5 tho
Go to toys r us
Ur butyful beb
Was Shakespeare even real though?
Four 20 brah brah rip some fat clouds
But are you gonna take an order from me?
If it's any consolation, none of it matters because it's just youtube videos.
What he from
Wow what's it like to hate the troops, osama
Hopefully it'll be The Room levels of good.
so u single?
How can someone watch eight eps w/o liking it.
Its actually not as terrible as I thought it would be. Just a goofy movie.
I owe them nothing
Idk you read about people doing terrible things to children all the time, so its super satisfying about watching pedos try to squirm out of a situation then get tackled by 15 police officers.
Colbert is pretty terrible tho
Power miner? Rock thingy.
Xray and vav is made by rt tho
It's fine
It'd be nice if people could just retire characters. We've had spiderman stories for 60 years.
Unless you worry about Gus' dog
I'll rate them best to worst: Walle, incredibles, toy story, finding nemo, Dory, monsters inc, inside out.
I liked it alot
Its mostly because people aren't dicks on the day to day. They only turn into monsters when memes are involved
What a fucking dork lol
I'm really holding my breath for minecon
Yaas bitch
$90
Barked ark
It sure is tekken a long time to show red dead 2.
This dude isn't serious. Looks like a mega64 sketch.
This dude rides the shortbus. "I always wanted to play wif dragons"
It is from japan
Awesome another zombie game.
Brb buying ps4
Wtf a cool looking cod
I know :(
Fuck you no red dead.
Ride to Hell 2
The actual show was pretty awesome to watch. They had more surprises, a better stage, and the orchestra all the way through was amazing and made everything feel more epic.
Was it in a tony hawk game?
Its on youtube
Til he 7/11
Sound like Morty standing up to Rick.
And that's why you read the article
This is what my car looks like after working double shifts everyday for two weeks.
Its scary your vote counts.
How is he not dead yet?
It's good advice tho.
Trevor seems like the kid who's 15 mins away from shooting up the school.
Watch Hair Cake.
I'm not a TV character.
I almost bought Charlie Barlett at the dollar store today. Such a shame what happened.
Weird...
I've seen it, I just thought it was creepy how I picked it up thinking about buying it then hearing the news. Then to see this guy bought it.
Reminded me of a scene from his hit film Pompeii.
The Last of Us font?
People don't like Life of Pi? :o
I'm not much of a spiritual person, but I liked how it showed why people would be. Them needing to internalize terrible events into things they can understand. Idk not every movie's for everyone.
People get off to this type of stuff lol
What's the difference
Oh sweet
Sonic: Hunt for the Seven Memes
That first ep of steam train was awful also lol.
I only joined the preview program for the BC. I don't owe ms anything.
That's some nice modern art.
The rt writing was so bad. Corny joke after corny joke.
K
Nice me-me arrows
Wut
I need a PlayStation lol
Wut
Rewatching og teen titans is kinda hard. Not that great. Young Justice is where it's at.
All we need is an old lady that looks like a fat faced crocodile.
And the ones who don't are sluts.
His solo channel could be good, but not as good as the third most underrated channel on youtube.
Speeding Bullet 2 Heaven
[pedophelia increases]
THIS IS DONKEY, HES GOT MY BACK. I WOULD ADVISE NOT GETTING KILLED BY HIM. HIS WAFFLES TRAP THE SOULS OF HIS VICTIMS.
From your post history you just seem like a sad bitter person.
That's why it has the "Non" part numb nuts.
Theyre medicinal only. Mostly just used in hospitals.
All those 12 year old boys eyes.
When did they do season 3? :o
Is this Farva?
Id kick his ass or break his shit too lol.
Jack cares.
Haha they have friends what a bunch of retards.
The game bully had a line where the dork told the main dude "I may be a loser, but at least I have friends!" that game taught me a lot about fucking chickens.
My bud will at least speak in his lady voice while he jacks me from behind.
What are you doing in the bathroom for 10 mins?
Wake me up
That was so infuriating lol
Yes he has such a rough job :(
He was doing dumb shit for no reason.
I thought he was going to go awkwardly poke at the rebels. He sure did forget a lot of moves when he fought obi wan a couple days later.
Go to the gym
Cartoons are hard
Hold my mountain dew
Welcome to reddit.
You'll be too busy studying the blade.
I legit got the tenth prestige in mw2 and I just won the Olympics shooting comp just by playing hardcore search and destroy. What do you have to say about that?
Everythings so serious in these movies. You never see him do anything he enjoys
There's a good youtube video about him being transgender and coming to terms with it.
The main dude in the movie https://youtu.be/HHrFVmYRngQ
Cracker located.
And ole girl in the bath tub.
Zach Snyder can get my DP
I like buzzfeed
Its still a really great adventure game. One of my favorites on 360.
And only six of them are good lol.
That looks so weird lol
Its a goddamn children's book lol
Citizen Kane was a good movie.
Battlefront 2 is my favorite game, the new one sucks dick.
In gonna gatekeep this but bragging about copying your dads taste in music is kinda weird.
Hamilton is a pretty good running album.
/r/justneckbeardthings
We need trumps inbred son to do it
DC will do Justice League vs Teletubbies if the road theyre on now has proven anything.
Idk if they know how to or just want me to do it.
Lick theyre feet they'll walk right over you.
I work in a nursing home so if anything happens they call me. Not to mention family and gf.
Gamers are the most sensitive group of people I swear to god.
The Seth Mcfarlane shows
Bottom right I guess. But for $5mil id eat just about any as long as I could use a dental dam.
3/4 of the Brian Singer movies are great. And Apocalypse wasnt that bad. It was bad, but it was no Suicide Squad.
I was attempting to shitpost and figure out how to hide links lol.
Spiderman 3 isn't even the worse Spiderman film lol.
Sounds like something The Dude would say.
It sucks its at like $2.15 here
Should I read the comics? I loved the first games story mode.
Cool
Its sooo good
From left to right incase anyone was wondering: Spiderman Sherlock Antlady Catman Wonder Woman Antman.
Ya Ryan and Michael have lesbian face.
Yall need to chill out lol.
Life is Strange?
Most poor criminals are caused by conditions facilitated by the rich.
I mean life wouldn't be without it. And you have a sad post history dude. You ok?
I read everything Batman in Kevin Conroy lol
Just get a 2ds
The dude with the dumb facial hair is going to go eat a cereal bar, open it, see a turd, do a whaaaat face, then get stabbed from behind, and drop to reveal jack
No one else was
Ken and maybe the Shakespearean teddy bear.
But screen junkies has a lot more subscribers and views. It'll get more eyes on rlm if they do anything with them.
Im just saying it'll benefit rlm more. Im not saying if its a good or bad thing.
I think the shooting will be too dark for a cowchop video.
When in Rome lol
Yew tarring mee apaht leesa
They ate his garbage steaks, giving them mad cow, which makes them murder people.
You'd think Batman would be pissing on his grave after all he put him through...
I just use a sock and bucket instead of keeping the capitalist pigs fat.
Transwomen don't use tampons dood.
Do you speak american
Damn. I've been bamboozled.
I always thought Shego was the mean cheerleader in disguise.
There's a commentary track????
Muh symbulism
That's some bs. Should've been on type regular Blu-ray.
Keep em rollin old man
It means white chocolate is shit Which is true.
He got hired because he was willing to be paid in pizza rolls. Better than doing porn I guess lol.
Beat his ass and tell him no faggot will be a part of your family.
Hmmm... I've made up my mind, its a bad movie ;D
I got the first toy I've gotten since I was a kid yesterday. The Capullo Batman figure.
Battlefront 2 is the senate.
At the walgreens picking uphis insulin
You must not have seen Daredevil.
Shoot the dog too. You wont have to watch it get sad. :D
Lol what's a good movie in your book?
Who would've thought Jon worked with Hydra :P
Yeah, I got it, but even after his humanity comes back after the Martha thing he still guns down like 20 dudes.
He is the best Batman lol
The only thing their taking out in thousands is calories.
Id rather watch Bale as Batman because he was in good movies as Batman.
This is so fucking dope dude.
"This thing that happened twenty years ago couldn't happen today"
My grandma likes to knit stuff while these shit shows are playing in the background. So there's that.
Everyone should believe the man who loses profit over this.
The companies don't care about you dawg.
Squatting over them with a suction cup toy doing webchats.
Lol I just did this so I can look at it later
My man!
My parents and their friends would just get stoned and play ps1 when I was a kid, and my uncle could do the coolest shit in Need for Speed and Tony Hawk 2 I always thought it was the coolest thing. Now I'm bummed they gave up weed and video games, I would love to do both with them.
He's clearly in the wrong here. A prayer won't make his throat swell up.
I just think its rude to eat before everyone else, especially during a prayer.
The CEOs just want to liquidate the polar ice caps.
Its kinda fun fighting dogs though. I used to trim trees, and one day we had to trim out a power line next to this trailer that had this big ass dog in the porch jumping at the door and barking at us. When it finally broke out it came running straight for me so I knocked him in the head with a parking cone. It then ran back to its porch for a minute so I grabbed one of our long poles that has a heavy hook on the end for round two. It came at me again, but when I like hit him in the side and he like slowly limped back. So somebody learned a lesson that day the dog or the owner having to bury it.
Next wednseds night
I used to walk and run like 8 miles every day, and would sometimes stop by the comic shop/magic store and get some books pretty sweaty. But then Id be in and out and not very stinky.
I loved that album so much, all my friends thought I was fucked up.
Business messed me up the next year
Only virgins read real books nowadays
We didn't have a punching bag running the show back then.
I have neither and I have one lol.
He'll always be Trevor to me. It doesn't matter what his characters name in TWD is, cuz he's Trevor.
/u/blackjack_bot deal me in
Hit
Stay!
Puppet president
All you need is the CEOs thumbprint.
I take elderly people to Dr appointments for a living. Those Tv's are my life.
That is perfect XD Andy crying on the first date also lol.
I like looser podcasts. Like if you do the news, then would get a topic everyweek like Tony Hawk or Spyro and yall just get into it. Kind of like how the Rebel Taxi Pizza Podcast does for animation, yall should do it for videogames. Since its all going to be one video it doesn't have to be the cramped 30 min segments, which being looser I think will keep people around.
Isn't it about the five year rule also?
Its not bad lol. Most of the time Im setting up the appointments, and I know most the old people I work for the nursing home. Plus I get to see some fucked up stuff sometimes.
This album is pretty good.
Youre bad.
Valve announces Half Life 3! (As a TBS original TV show)
My dad wasnt into classical culture, he grew up in the ghetto in the 70s so he was into funk and kung fu.
You can lose weight, while suckin his dick.
What sport is milwall from?
Lol remember gamergate
It was for me on the Xbox when game of thrones was on last time.
Theyre complaining about having to roll their garbage to the street where someone takes it way for free. Sounds like a bitch to me.
This sub can relate :P
If we had to pay out here, everyone would just burn it.
In soviet russia....
They take it either way homie. Might as well be free to me.
So is this like gay real wrestling or TV style wrestling?
A game that kid in school who could only play flash games would tell you is fun.
I heard he's a pedo
My dad taught me to only shit when I'm on the clock.
If you download this image Burnie will show up at your house and punch you in the jaw.
Lego Batman 3 is too good.
What's sunday
I kinda don't like them. I always fall asleep now.
My couch has the electric lift in them and its touch control by the cupholder. Works pretty good.
This is the lamest shit ever. Subreddit drama? Go outside get a hobby.
Why?
No ball is life
Id consider it a grade A snoozer
Yes that's pretty horrific.
Either a mirror universe, or no one on reddit has an original thought.
Just be like me. I haven't felt an emotion since the ending of Red Dead Redemption.
Oooh bury me noot on the lone prairiee
For real just jump in the shower.
Nobody speak, nobody get choked
But its fun to get mad about a game im never going to play.
Gaming needs to die if you're the product of "serious" games.
Triggered
Because it was a grade a snoozer of an opinion.
I think he's just getting shit done to make NASA look bad so he can get in where they are. And as soon as the get on the government teet its back to not doing shit.
Jeff Dunham
Iron deficient Jesus.
Moat of us are getting it because we're brainwashed consumers who's only source of light in this dark universe we live in is cheap electronics.
I will always upvote Drake and Josh.
Privilege blinds people.
Or a dance number to a pop song.
Theyre always on Youtube too
Sony movie goes on Sony system.
As long as spidermans there.
5'10 is basically a midget either way.
And the creator will have lived a rich life off of his dumbass cat cartoon. Theyre both getting what they wanted.
http://m.imdb.com/title/tt1392197/ I was talking about the movie. Both have weird cgi doggies.
Why I typically don't go back to my favorite childhood movies. Except Spiderman 2, my favorite film ever.
Cereal box games were the only way I'd get new games as a kid :P
That movie sucked farts.
Nursing has some pretty awful ones too.
Mark Hunt? More like Mike Hunt. Edit: I can't do that, I have no friends.
What's the point for these trailers? If its for season 7 all the people interested are already going to watch it.
Season 5...
Great Value Denim is underrated.
Yeah exactly. I don't want to give my money to people who use child labor and sweat shops then turn around and sell the shirt for $25.
It was good, just dragged too much.
Riskiest click in a long time.
Why is that fucked up?
He's gonna come back with the mullet.
What about /r/incels?
This is where the fun begins
Its some neckbeard level corniness
I thought it was their last video ever.
He was still having sex with a minor.
That was kinda stupid too
She's in mad men.
Those rear projection TV sucked ass
That's some sketchy shit. Why ban cameras?
I wan da pussi
Hard to disappoint a dog
Just trying to get good as Orisa right now. If you get good as her you can basically control your whole team.
Dis ones gunna be gud bcuz it has da man in da robut suit in it.
Or so they say
Is cowchop in this game?
For the same reason the amazing ones existed.
Try cheese wiz foreplay
I don't think id ever eat dumpster food...
No offense, but you sound like a cuck.
It sounds like you already want to assault somebody.
Theyre tired of this grandpa meme.
Transformers was made for confusing Chinese people.
Complaining about his health, have you seen our president?
I didn't know that, im retarded.
He is fat
This makes him look even more evil.
I take people to get x-rays all the time, and they never cover them. The people I take are like 70+ years old, so they may not bother.
Pedder ass
I heard the next movie will have the ghost of spoole after the credits.
Sneak peek of the Dr Strange 2 villain
We aint found shit
I hated it in theaters, im not sure if I like the UC. I just find it interesting.
He's working his way into Lego Batman 2.
Nice shot!
well GOOD 4 U
The fever, the rage, the feeling of powerlessness that turns good men, cruel.
Half life 3
Ayyy lmao
At least a couple years
Reddit.com
If the Bill Cosby case has proven anything, is that anyone can be framed.
Go to Starbucks.
Elyse Williamsburg
I've listened to wolf far more than any kendrick album
No he voices Dr. Samson
The IronCroptop.
Cool
I think theyre are only like ten people in the world who think like the stuff posted on this sub, and news outlets just post the crap because people will get outraged and engage in their content.
Go to any cartoon streaming website. Just google Free cartoon streams.
Its not a very hard thing to accomplish, ask your mom
Oh jeeeeez
We"re on reddit...
And the Delorean from Back to the Future.
I don't think anyone who appreciates the original Transformer mythos is capable of getting a job.
Theyre staying with the trampoline gimmick even though Steve-O said to stop :P
