what is really surprising about the stolen bases allowed is that the pirates are about league average in throwing people out, yet they still run.
Been there, there is a company in the NW New York region that does the same thing. They tried to map the drives with group policy but one out of 5 people it failed (guestimate) so everytime they changed something we'd have 50-100 people putting tickets in and/or calling "OMG my Stuff is gone!" after so many times of hearing "why does this keep happening" all you can say is Server Admins.
she must've typed google into Google.
apparently one of the updates slowed alot of people down. [this video](https://youtu.be/0KP522js6Co) may help?
first: you pay for 120M but your wireless speed may not be able to handle it. Try hard wiring in to the router see what your speed is. Wire in to your router disable your wifi and try it. you are also using an older core duo and probably intergrated graphics. If it is doing it on HQ videos try lowering it to standard quality. see if it stops. Also try it in a different browser. seems silly but worth a shot.
oh yeah.. i have a couple that are maxed tokens that i just quit heroics on because i couldn't trade stuff in for anything i wanted... i'll have to check this out. Thanks for the heads up!
i used putty tray quite a bit. worked nice.. most of the time just use straight putty now though
quick google of the monitor doesn't show an HDMI connector or speakers? different/newer model? I'd first try using a new HDMI cable. Also maybe try a display port instead if the monitor supports it? Also possibly a new monitor power cable/brick.
its not out of the ordinary, you would expect it to be faster but those router usb storage solutions are often pretty slow. If you are looking for something a little more reliable/faster check QNAP and Synology if you don't want to build your own
I found [CDBurnerXP](https://cdburnerxp.se/en/home) (watch out for the crap ware install) to work well. Set it to burn at a slower speed usually makes a difference (don't know why) you may also need to try and fail to see which discs work best for your player.
Sounds like the way I would do it with out buying a 3rd party utility.
for WZ and ranked queues in the US? I would say Harb.
works fine here too.
[Synology forums](http://forum.synology.com/enu/) are extremely helpful under package manager I, i believe it tells you what it uses there and you can uninstall packages you don't want (photo station, video station, note station, Anti-virus, etc). I doubt you'll save a whole lot but might be worth it for you. Also fewer services = less possible problems :-) I would definitely keep file station though and get DSFile for your phone/tablets, really handy if you need to do something but are too lazy to walk to your PC ;-)
turn off the pc. push and hold f2. turn on pc. once in there, I don't think you will find what you are looking for though. it is set to a minimum of 64MB but will dynamically scale up to a point when needed (i'm not sure what that is) edit: * [bios link](http://forums.toshiba.com/t5/Other-Satellite-Laptop-Models/How-to-enter-setup-for-a-Satellite-P755-S5390/td-p/241914) * [vRAM Link](https://forum.toshiba.eu/showthread.php?64711-Satellite-P755-S5215-Games-detect-64bm-VRam)
bookmarked.. thanks!
well yeah... you just replace the stick. generally speaking when someone said hardware repair they mean swapping parts to make the larger whole work rather than the individual part. who has that kind of time lol (as i say posting to reddit from work lol)
that's why you have a good phone system that rolls over to the next available person or if by chance your short staffed to a cell phone. If a L1 is going to be away that long for whatever reason then coverage should be worked out. If a L1 gets to a situation where they need to be updating firmware or whatever else out side of system swaps and quick 10 minute things then they need to contact a L2 if it is beyond their scope If you go to the emergency room and you are bleeding out and it would take 3 hours for the level 2 nurse to get to you, you'd be dead. mean while that level 1 nurse could have stitched you up.. at least enough to where you can get by until the 'experts' come.
I'm pretty sure display port 1.2 can also get you 144hz in addition to DVI-D like /u/OSPFv3 said
whoops i thought i saw it did. my bad.
yeah forgot about Enterprise. they actually make sense.
not really there are not any bonuses for maxing out a skill but there are some that could be useful for ~~reusables~~ consumable . Cybertech for grenades which give you a decent AOE stun every couple of minutes. Freaking awesome in WZs, void star when everyone is at the door and Coast when everyone gathers in the boxes :-) You can make other ones but seem to be the more useful ones. BioChem for making stims, but not as useful now because stims are cheap.. you could use med packs too but the WZ ones are better
counting the beeps and comparing it to [BIOS Beep Codes](http://www.computerhope.com/beep.htm) should help you determine where the problem is.
[all you need to know about that here](https://www.microsoft.com/OEM/en/licensing/sblicensing/Pages/downgrade_rights.aspx)
that isn't what i meant by reusable... consumable was probably a better word to use... correcting, thanks!
almost all self service tools will require some sort of setup at the admin level and may require changes to AD. here is one to get you started [Nervepoint](https://www.nervepoint.com/en/) but there are many others. googling something like Active directory self service should get you on the right path. Just be aware if 90% of your calls are password resets you maybe automating your self out of a job ;-)
[WinSCP](https://winscp.net) if all you need is SCP [MobaXterm](http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/) if you need a more complete solution (terminal, scp, xterm, etc) EDIT: link fail
if you cannot access the parts of the game with preferred that you like. Subscribe.
try [MSI Afterburner](http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/msi_afterburner.html)?
I don't think it matters which companion you use. Their influance is what matters. Using your highest influence ones when you need more performance from your companion is about all you need to worry about. I could be mistaken though, HK and Treek maybe an exception?
when you are on wifi use the local ip instead of the public. (use the 192.168.x.x or 10.x.x.x instead)?
pretty sure that Ubuntu has a default firewall. try going in and doing a: * sudo ufw status see if it is running. also you can do a * sudo iptables -L see what (if anything) is listed there.
A+ isn't worth much, but not totally useless. I don't know about now but 15 years ago when i took mine it was to prove that you had the knowledge equivalent to 6 months experience. You are better off taking a entry level help desk job where they teach you everything you need to know as you go. after a couple months you'll have the base knowledge you need, make money getting the knowledge and real work experience to help you find a direction to go if you want to continue in IT. If you got someone paying for you to get the course and/or test then sure why not.
i've seen few that didn't have the option. There have been quite a few reasons to disable it, enough to warrant the option too... Almost no one needs to worry about though.. if you do need to.. you probably bought a CPU with out hyper-threading anyway ;-)
now days not really, though there still maybe some fringe apps/servers that perform better with out it. Hyper-threading doesn't add more cores, it uses one core to do different types of instructions. So if you are constantly sending the same instructions to the core it will only use the one hyper-threaded virtual core. Now days hyper-threading, OS's and applications have evolved a bit so its not as of a big deal at all but in the early days of hyper-threading disabling hyper-threading or a CPU with out hyper-threading would give you better performance in those situations. MySQL was a good example of the hyper-threading debate.
nvrmnd you got it :-)
best news i've heard today. forget Cpt Worf, I want Cpt Garak!!! ;-)
Unless who ever manages it is decent at it i would use a 3rd party service. Google does it but don't think its free. If you only want a few mail accounts then [zoho](https://www.zoho.com/) might be a decent option *edit* for free.
was fun, had the scorecard bug out before but usually fixes itself somehow.
oh, i never played outside sub. that is a kick in the nuts.
maybe they're having a hard time seeing what is on your screen from the security cameras?
remove anything that has data on them, ship them or take them with you. take a piece of tape and secure all the fans so they won't spin when being moved. Or put a little piece of card board between the fins. If your cables are not zip tied down, then do so. you can also get some anti-static packing and fill the case as well if you are still nervous. personally i would ship it via what ever is a reputable carrier for that country.
Gifts and convos on the ship. Pick up gathering skills that include rank 5 gifts on multiple toons if you can. :-) Or just buy legendary off the GTN if you got the money to blow.
i'm in NY/PA area, play Harbinger if you want the fastest pops. usually under 100 ping unless atlanticbb is taking a dump.
yeah agreed, It shouldn't happen but it does, If other things start acting funny then start to dig deeper into it otherwise i wouldn't worry too much.
might be better off in /r/sysadmin
oh yeah got ya... they probably would've had a chance if it wasn't 4 sorcs. Did get a bit cocky and was throwing out dots which almost got me killed but forced the merc to back of and heal some. before i hit record we had quite a few droping out .. but they where all healers lol
you can get pvp stuff on fleet in the combat area. You can trade in crystals in the supplies section. i'm not sure on the gearing for pve but probably running flash points getting good enough to do hard mode flash points and then on to Ops.
as with your other post on this topic... probably wait it out save up and let that short sale get a little more history. for right or wrong both banks aren't buying into your extenuating circumstances. * bank 1: *intent* to refinance, but might not be able too because of .. well more extenuating circumstances. * bank 2: you really don't want to do this unless you can have it mostly paid off by the time the adjustment hits. Like you said, you are not unhappy where you are. You are 'saving' 700 a month, keep doing so. once that perfect home shows up you'll have more money to throw at it and the 'bankers' may care less about the short sale.
first disable shadows one of the biggest killers of performance. second check your drive performance as /u/bstr413 suggested. Unless you are trying to run at 1440 or 4k the cpu, gpu and ram is more than enough, i've run it on less.. but i did have an SSD. You have enough ram to run Unleashed. [here is a bit older thread of a 8gb user](https://www.reddit.com/r/swtor/comments/3lk3rq/where_can_i_get_swtor_unleashed/) If you have a halfway decent SSD though, don't bother.
enclosure = the box the drive is in. [link to show how to set best performance](http://www.techsupportalert.com/content/how-optimize-usb-drive-performance-windows-7.htm)
while your system *should* be fine to run at 1080p it is starting to get dated. Personally if you have a 'few extra' bucks (i know right?) I would get a 240GB ssd, consumer versions can be found for less than $80USD easily and you can take it to a new pc fairly easy if you upgrade in the next year or so. But if you cannot afford that.. try unleashed. if it helps, maybe upgrade to more ram and put larger amounts of the game to the RAM disk. For a while I ran the whole game out of a RAM Disk, while it wasn't really much faster than an SSD, the frame rate was much more consistant than running off of a western digital green drive. ignore the nay sayers about it only helping with loading times, while normally they would be correct, the SW:TOR engine is really bad and loads stuff from disk way too much :-(
yeah i skimmed that, thats why i said its being talked about again ;-)
maybe someone jumped as the elevator was going down? someone did that at work and was stuck in there for hours...
you would probably be okay with a 650W 80+ Gold, but going with another 750W to cover small upgrades/additions later not a bad idea. CPU can take upto about 140W and the 970 about another 170W. Pretty much find one on newegg that has good rating. then google it see what the 'expert' reviews look like and you'll be set.
but it is totally legal for others to tell you how much they make.
assuming he did not it might be hard to prove he didn't. I'm not sure where the burdon of proof is on these cases.. but... Since he is the only IT guy AND most likely has admin access to everything.... Since the new IT people now have all the passwords and he is the one that fired them the previous year, they will probably be less likely to help him determine who opened said files from where and when.
Good luck!
the vm window lost focus
I'm pretty sure the capital gains is anytime you sell it though 'i think' (not an expert) the amount of the tax rate will change depending on how long you own it. If you make a profit, that profit will be taxed. If you you sell for 250,000 and after all fees and such you make 45k you will be taxed on that 45k at the capital gains rate, for your situation. of course talk to a professional in your state that can give you more details.
IMO mercs are fun to play... i'm more of a pvper but when i'm doing the weekly heroic 2's i love doing them on my merc.
that sounds about right for this game for what you got. Try turning down shadows?
yup as others said, the PVP weapon and offhand do not come with expertiese crystals. if you don't care about the color you can usually find them fairly cheap on the GTN. under the item mods go to crystal and either search for war hero or select expertise as a stat. The pvp vendor by the mission terminals on fleet also has a couple crystals. putting crystals in will give you +41 expertise each (82 total) to get your total to 2018.
during an active season.. i agree but in preseason.. meh.
oh yeah heat seekers as well.. duh that is like the big hitter duno how i for got that thanks /u/firefox4312
PSU's degrade over time... usually not a year and a half.. but they do. If you are putting a lot of load or if it doesn't like your house power that could also speed that up some. If you where already near its limit, small degradation may cause problems. Seasonic is generally pretty reliable though.
pretty sure Javascript error, is this you're only client with this version of iMail web and the only one having issues? could be that this version of imail webclient cannot handle xhtml mail properly.... possibly change the zendesk template settings off of xhtml? upgrade iMail web client? (if available) I skimmed their knowledge base (ipswitch) didn't notice anything perhaps shooting them an email.. or maybe get lucky and have a rep set this :-)
lol all but one or two.. the RDP someones computer while they're driveing.. i dont' get... their laptop in the car wtih them.. or while they are out of the office and you rdp in to their desktop to .. uh.. fix things. that one yeah. but change some of the names like cox -&gt; comcast -&gt; windstream -&gt; atlanticbb -&gt; MCI then yeah :-)
sounds like a traffic ticket waiting to happen lol.
probably not blocking, if they where you wouldn't get them at all. They might be doing some QoS (Quality of Service) giving lower priority to torrent data. It is also just as likely that of those 100 seeds (or whatever) they each have their upload limited to a certian amount total. In you torrent app. you can try upping the total number of connections allowed. It may cause other issues on your network/system so up it a little at a time to find a happy place. Also try [Testmy.net](http://testmy.net) for a more real world bandwidth test.
&gt; I invested what I can afford to lose... Amen to that.
&gt; I've heard immortal Juggs in Dps gear are pretty terrifying unless you use a 60 token or are fast leveler, they will probably be nerfed by the time you get to 65. but currently yeah.. pretty rough in pvp.. I like actually being a tank rather than trying to top the boards though... the dps immortals can still tank pretty well though.. just not for me.
yeah mara's get under my skin more than the imortal's
Immortal was(is?) intended to be a tank spec, typically they are to do less damage than their dps counter parts and have high mitigation of damage for them and their team. It just didn't work out that way and bio ware will probably attempt to correct that in an upcoming patch (when i don't know) I like to play the classes the way they are intended, but have nothing against those who don't.. well until they kill me with it then i might silently cuss about it
open the email then click the down arrow on the top right (next to the reply arrow, print and the in new window arrow) then click show original. this will ever you the headers for the message.
as /u/randolf_carter said, it is hard to beat teamviewer. But be aware that you (or your clients) will eventually have to pay for the business version, sounds like in your case it'll be about $800 I haven't gotten around to it yet but [Remote Utilities](https://www.remoteutilities.com/) also looks like it could be a fair option?
in order to upgrade the CPU you'll want a new motherboard, which would most likely require new DDR3/4 RAM.. assuming you want to get reasonably current. Going much higher in video probably won't give you much of a boost with your current hard ware. (but would some) Upgrade the whole thing ;-) You do not mention what hard drive you got, Assuming you don't have a solid state drive, upgrading to a SSD would probably be the biggest performance increase / dollar and reasonably easy to transfer to a new system.
PVP balance is fairly good right now. I'd say the biggest exceptions are Immortal jugs in dps gear and maybe healer sorcs only because Op and Merc heals are fairly weak in comparison. I've noticed quite a few concealment ops lately and when there is more than one on me.. forget it. stun locked and dead.. and if i'm not they run away and come back a little later before my CDs are back little pricks... Of course i might have just gotten with a bunch of good players rather than an OP spec... (good players over come their class imbalance)
LOL there is a person on Harb, Punky-brewseter (or something along those lines) that is an agent (no AC) and level 65 and PVPs. Used to hate playing with them... but it appears they actually have some idea what their doing at least.. probably more than most. I'm going to level with a friend sometime reasonably soon and not pick an AC, probably scoundrel or trooper just for the fun of it.
I know i gave up on mine. was very good when 55 was max at heals but now.... very easy to keep myself alive but everyone else is another story... other than stun lock classes the only thing Sorc heals has to worry about is double nets and lag (missing bubble)
well merc/mandos need help, they needed help since beta and i don't see that changing any time soon. HPS though.. really isn't a good indicator. if your targets live.. then you are good :-)
different doesn't always, and usually doesn't mean better... unless you are a merc. 10k hps vs 5k hps. if the dpsers are only doing 4k dps it doesn't make a difference. but if you really want to nerf sorc heals.. remove the auto bounce from roaming mend/rejuv would probably do it by itself.
actually i can argue that. A DCD is something that pretty much always mitigates or reduces damage to you. Phase walk doesn't always do that. Phase walk is not really a DCD it doesn't reset or remove from combat (assassins have away to do that though through their other abilities), it doesn't mitigate any damage it just hopefully gets you out of range for a bit. If it removed you from combat OR made it so they cant find you instantly.. yeah i'd agree.. would be a handy dcd.. but it doesn't.. more of a quick travel feature. If use properly it does help a bit though allowing you to LOS.. but so does holo traverse and other movement abilities other classes have. Operatives do have away to stealth and make the attacker re target them. *EDIT* you can get utility for phase walk though does stop leaps which could be handy. static barrier is about equal to the operative shield only it can bubble other people, it is not a DCD it more of a mitigation and counted as a heal, you can get the bubble self healing.. but if you are a healer.. you don't You can also get the bubble stun which is an iffy choice because it adds resolve.. depends on team makeup. (i get the stun just because of all the operatives lately) DCD no.. but can be useful but in most normal cases not really, though if concealment stays this popular.. might be a requirement :-/ the self heal, almost all classes have a self heal so don't really count that and really doesn't do a lot of healing unless you spec in to the utility which if you are heals, you don't.. well you can if you are going for a hutt ball spec (for the pull damage mitigation) You got the force wave but nearly all ranged classes have a knock back. If you want the root you have to get the utility.. which you practically have too. It is not anything special UNLESS you get the utility for root. Force speed just removes snares and roots and requires a utility point to do so. does not stop damage or make it so you can dodge everything unlike operative roll, still the utility point is required for pvp. people still can leap to you and damage doesn't change unless you happen to get round a corner. All that said, Sorcs have one real DCD that they don't have to spec into with utility points to make it a viable DCD and it is on a 3 minute cool down that can disabled by mercs of all classes.
reliablity. My OVH $3.5 has been down multiple times due to a network outage of some sort. They say it has been fixed and shouldn't happen again.. but the first time took many hours to make them realize it was their problem and not the VPS after they wiped my VPS cause it worked for them just fine.. (i was okay with that cause i had nothing on it yet anyway) and then again it was down for better part of a day. I don't have DO currently but seems like their reliablity is good/great and their vps's scale really well. IMO go with Digital Ocean if you got something important, if you don't have really anything important and just playing round/testing the cheap OVH VPS is great.
i'm getting: &gt;Service Unavailable &gt;HTTP Error 503. The service is unavailable. on their website.
I'm pretty sure those beeps indicate a PSU or motherboard problem. first step make sure the PSU doesn't stink like burning electrical stuffs.. Verify all your power connections are secure (reseat them as well) and while you are doing that verify that your caps havn't popped. If that still doesn't work try a new/different known working PSU And if that doesn't change anything it is probably a bad motherboard.
its only 60m not half way across a map. in any arena almost any class can be back on you very quickly. the biggest exception would be Civil war when you place it in mid and you run to snow and use it to go back to mid. but really.. 4s is all that really matters everything else is just a time killer ;-) Juggs, PTs, Assassins, ops all can be right back on you fairly quickly cause they know exactly where you went because it doesn't clear the target. All the times a Sorc has used phase walk while i'm attacking them.. i know exactly where they are because i still see their recital and in my FOV though i may need to turn around if it is behind me, and they are still in my target so if they havn't LOSed me i can still shoot or leap to them. I never lose the target, ever never ever. I can also tell when i use it the enemy doesn't lose me because i can see their target of target.. even if i'm LOSing them they can sprint to the corner and leap or whatever their abilities are. Assassins can though with their stealth/shroud abilities combined with phase walk. generally speaking i don't tab target.. i find the target i should be killing and kill it while maybe CCing and taunting in the process.
If you are a heal sorc in 4s and you phase walk away while your team is still alive .. you just solved a problem for the other team and they would be dumb to follow you. one or more will be dead by the time you get back. If they're not you are playing a bad team (or team makeup which happens). 3/4 dps on one player can kill almost any spec in seconds with out heals. (other than maybe sorc bubble and that can be disabled by net) say you phase walk away and its down to 1v1 in an arena vs my jugg.. i'll know where you are, but won't care because you blew your CDs and won't be able to out live me with out your walk/bubble in overtime. phase walk has its place no doubt but no way i would consider it a DCD as it doesn't mitigate any damage, the only two saving graces are the ability to by you a second or two and quick travel in WZ back to nodes to prevent caps. you can consider it a DCD if you wish but only goes to show how weak sorc DCDs are.. other than bubble which is crazy good to make up for all the weak ones.
every now and then i try it when i'm bored. i haven't gotten anything than rep tokens in a long while.
Harb - imp side is pretty well populated, though i've been seeing more pubs lately
for Healer sorc: **Skillful:** * Sith defiance - *required* Flat 3% damage reduction * Empty Body - *almost required* 10% healing received * Sap Strength - Reduces damage by 25% after electrocute but I change this depending on the day and how the queues are going. I played with the overload heal for a while was kinda cool but not as useful. the haste heal one.. um cool on huttball **Masterful:** * Emerson - *required* Force speed breaks slows/roots * Electric Bindings - for Overload Root OR Suppression for 25% Damage reduction every 45 secs again depending on the day and group makeups. **Heroic:** * Force Mobility - *required* mobile innervate * Backlash - For Stun OR Shapless Spirit for stunned Damage Reduction by 30% OR Force Haste to speed up the only DCD Things that directly reduce damage and only effect you I consider DCDs If phase walk did remove the persons target on you like a split second stealth or something I would find it far more useful for 8s because then they would have to re-target Just wondering... would you consider HoloTraverse a DCD? I'm thinking about leveling my op to 61 just to try it out. *edit* formatting
I recently started taking new medication that has put by blood pressure up so high it is screwing with my vision. I got a call from one of our offices across town, I decide i'll just go over since *EVERY ONE* was having the same problem and not able to login. I work in Western New York... we got quite a bit of snow this past week (though nothing like last year) I get in the car and start down the road, sliding around and watching others being stupid like they never saw snow on the road before and getting mad at them shot up my blood pressure and now i can barely see. Out of no where I see something run out in front of me and it was big like a large bear or small car... so i slam on the breaks and start sliding off the road. Luckily I have enough experience with sliding that i'm able to control with out being able to see hardly at all and the road is straight i get stopped and jump out of the car cause i know i hit whatever jumped out in front of me but don't see anything... turns out it was just my eyes screwing with me and there was nothing except for parked cars and some scared kids walking to school... i got back in the car doing the "I meant to do that" walk. I was almost where I was going so I get there find out that *EVERY ONE* uses the same computer. I turn the caps lock off and and slowly drive back to the main office.
I'm loving Jugg in PVP. I don't do the dps route though and have my HP at ~85k buffed. Endure Pain + a WZ med pack is a 35-40k heal and unleash is another 8.5k on top of enraged defense. My defense/shield and damage are a bit lower than 'stock' pvp tank gear but the self heals mostly make up for it. If i have a healer on the team forget it :-) All the CC and control is awesome as well. PT PVP tanks are cake, not quite as invincible but the extra range is helpful and still pretty good. Assassin, i don't know haven't dont much with them in QUITE a while.
that is why you click to sort posts by newest not the 'hottest'. edit /u/3Vyf7nm4 beat me to it :-)
/u/williamfny and /u/whirlwind87 i'm a bit south closer to the PA border though i did work for the 'resort' chain for a short while.. think you now which one ;-) I'm from farther south closer to Pittsburgh.. they say lake effect there and they get a few inches.. they say lake effect here it's 1 or two feet and hardly anyone bats an eye. sure was system shock the first winter lol.
you can try /r/hardwareswap just read the guides and rules.. Good luck.
use the takeown command from cli. &gt; TAKEOWN /F [PathToDirectory] /R /D Y and then the ICACLS command &gt; ICACLS "[PathToDirector]\*" /reset /T you may want to skim these pages just so you have an idea what they're doing first [Takeown info here](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc753024.aspx) [ICACLS Info here](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc753525.aspx)
no problem :-)
This, your PSU should already have one or two (possibly more) if it is reasonably newer This particular card require's two 6-pin PCIe power connections from your PSU, the retail box from PNY should have one adapter but you should avoid using these things if you can help it. If you need two of these adapters then you probably will want to consider upgrading your power supply as well
Once i disabled music i haven't had any issues. but I've only posted a few that had any voices outside of normal encounters. With music enabled I had some that where fine but not playable in some countries (North America and Europe mostly)
sounds like a fan off balance (usually dieing) or rubbing against something. Find the offending fan and replace it and hope it isn't a GPU or power supply fan. open the case turn it on and listen. when you think you found it make sure no cables are rubbing on it.. if none... put your finger on the middle to slow/stop it for a second. if the sound goes away you found the problem one replace it ;-)
yeah as others have said your psu should have the needed cables and they should be labeled PCIe
if your not comfortable with it by all means don't do it, but you will want to have someone take a look at it and atleast find out if it is a critical fan or not. It probably stops doing it because of the rpm stepping. the cooler it is the slower the fan will spin. the hotter it gets the faster. Not all do this.
Yeah, more of away to get some seasoning to decide if it is 'for you'
You'll want to find out what file(s) are being requested during those times. you'll need a log analysis tool to pick through the access_log/error_log. been a while since i've used cpanel but i'm pretty sure it has something like [Webalizer](http://www.webalizer.org/)?
There are very few jobs where they let you work alone with out at least minimal training or at least a phone number to call if you run into a problem you don't know about. Especially in the Junior roles. If there is a job you might be interested in.. apply, if you get an interview.. great and worst case you find out what you need to know to land such a position in the future. Best case you end up with a job and get more experience to put to your dream of running a DC. If they don't even call you, don't worry about it.. they probably had 100 resume's put in for it
THIS... just last week i had to drive across down in a snow storm to turn off a caps lock key. Caps and Num Locks are evil ( though at least windows now gives the warning though no one reads it) If no one is around have them type in her password in the username box to see if it looks correct.. if it doesn't come up correctly they'll probably notice.. say thank you and hang up ;-) Also check for silly things on your side.. I could be wrong here but unlocking account won't enabled a disabled or expired account (someone correct me if I am) so check those as well. a long shot, also check the allowed logon times. Don't worry about exchange work one problem at a time once they is able to log into her workstation everything else will probably start to fall into place. Try logging into another account on that machine see if it works. remember, never delete accounts unless you are positively absolutely 100% sure that account is no longer needed and when you are sure.. ask someone else to confirm. Learning what SIDs are on the fly because you didn't know any better is never fun... so if part of your 'solution' is to delete and create a new account.. don't.. it won't work out as you planned ;-) ** edit.. was a him not a her.. corrected i think.
if you are just using them for domains and not hosting... godaddy is okay. I loved namecheap when they first started getting a bit bigger and they started changing their web UI and I don't like it one bit. I let my remaining domains expire with them or moved them back to godaddy. Nothing wrong with name cheap, but if i'm going to have a UI I don't like regardless of where i'm at i'm going to stick with the one that has been reliable for me. Really though, nothing wrong with namecheap other than my personal preference for their website and online tools. though the one /u/cutalltheshit mentions in namesilo.. it looks like their tools might be exactly what i've been looking for since the namecheap ui revamp.
[this link on syno forums](http://forum.synology.com/enu/viewtopic.php?f=15&amp;t=69371) may help. enable terminal setup a cronjob to run the wget command :-)
your internal domain is domain.com? you'll need to go into your DNS server and add/change the A or CNAME record for WWW for domain.com to point to the correct spot.
It is simply stating something has changed since your last login to those services. Unless you are paying for a static IP, your IP probably changed. generally no big deal.
If you are doing illegal things, expect bad things to happen. there are plenty of quality free AV programs. I like Avast free because it is 'fairly' light weight and you can tell it to shut up in 'Game Mode' This [Antivirus tests and Reviews site](https://www.av-test.org/en/) will give you a decent idea which ones to go with and which to avoid.
the following law suit from investors... "why are employment costs so high? Go hire some Chinese kids!" LOL sarcasm but probably has a hint of truth. *edit* auto correct fail higher/hire
yeah even if.. CTRL+U ;-)
I don't know about their services but the pricing only seems good with who they compare it too. There are others as good as if not better ASO, Godaddy, etc for similar pricing. If their service is decent.. their shared hosting plan the $3 doesn't look too bad.
in that case just don't put any newlines (like no \n's or \r's) in your echo out put. you could also try echoing alot of \t's before your html which to a quick view source would show a blank page with just a scroll at to bottom. again like others have said.. simple dev inspection tools often included in browsers can nullify these tactics.
&gt; oh you didn't pay attention? Have you tried turning it off and on again? No? try that if it gives an error call me back with the error. they almost never call back unless it is an actual hardware error "boot drive not found" or something.
yeah i know the feeling. around me lately.. the persons who does most of it just doesn't have the time.. they eventually get to it though.
you are only covering the cost of the hardware not the time, labor, warranty work etc. there is almost no difference between the 4590 and 6500 in the real world desktop user.. and the haswell will not [crash when you run prime95](http://microsoft-news.com/intel-skylake-bug-fix/) ;-)
do they have cable TV? if so check with the cable provider for the area.
I have found its never a good idea to assume what data the user needs especially if you are unfamiliar with their business. I would create a new share on the new server called \\server2012\oldserver\data (or whatever works) and copy all the data there. Update the old server users to use the new server with the same data everyone else is using. create a short cut to the 'old server' share for the old users and have them copy what ever data they need to the new server share as needed. after a set time frame disable the old server share (leave the files though) This way ALL the files are on the new server in one of two places, easier back ups and allows you to decom the 2008 server. thats just probably how i would do it with out seeing it.
To me it would depend on the importance of what is connected to it. Would i put it in a situation where my production servers? maybe not, and certainly not with out a fail over. Would i patch end users into who primarily use the network for pandora? Sure would. Most things you'd get back on refurb are probably in good enough condition that they would work just fine in both situations.. i just wouldn't want to explain to the bosses why we couldn't do business because I cheaped out and used a refurbished device with essential equipment. as others have said... make sure you get something alittle more than a DOA warrenty
Yeah i was thinking they same thing when they where talking about the latest version of IE. **IF** IE is even installed on those machines i really doubt there is anyone web browsing on them let alone having internet access.
Thanks for your input! hmm.. seems way to low even for a SB era. I guess the Dual monitors in a laptop is way to Niche to find much of a market though. at that price i'd probably just take the drive and ram out of it and scrap it lol.
yeah almost assuredly the 32-bit windows. backup what you need and reinstall windows to the 64bit. Even if it doesn't fix the WoW problem (it probably will but I havn't played in a long long time) you will have access to the full 16GB ram which over all should give your system better performance... among other nice things :-)
~~what happens when you plug the acer monitor in to the HDMI port? you should be able to get over 60Hz over hdmi.~~ Monitor is only HDMI 1.4 not b. and make sure you are using the far superior 970M
find it odd that one would scam with an account they seem to actually use.. of course maybe that was the plan...
HDMI 1.4b can do 120, but it appears the monitor is only 1.4 (no b) which still makes my comment invalid. in that case you're of course stuck with DVI-D/I, other suggestions are the way to go ;-) sorry for the confusion.
[Synology FAQ](https://www.synology.com/en-us/knowledgebase/tutorials/493) how to reset the passwd. read it all before you do anything. EDIT: [Synology Forums](https://forum.synology.com/enu/) are a great place for help as well.
you could probably get by just by replacing the fan if you can find one.. but might as well get a new heatsink/fan combo as well. the CPU itself should be fine, i'm pretty sure even AMD has over heat protection.
yeah in that case save your money, find a cheap cooler and when you got the money for an upgrade .....
not enough information to tell you.
man.. that sucks. our level one help desk makes more than you hourly.. I'd probably consider changing jobs.
look up the pay scale charts for your area.. salary.com glassdoor.. etc and start there. Generally not a good idea to ask friends what they make... you might put their job in danger... some employers don't like it (for better or worse) again, take into account if you like your job or not.. and also any benefits you might get. also if you can make them think it is their idea, but also don't let them think they are doing you a favor. Unless they're politicians... people are generally reasonable. Until they prove otherwise go with it :-) That's just my opinion though some others might have better advice.
the virtual server is actually just port forwarding. say you wanted to go do your public ip, we'll say your public ip is 1.1.1.1 (just making something up) and have a web page come up of a pc in your home and it's ip is 192.168.0.23. under inbound ports you would put 80 in both of the boxes format would be TCP in the Private IP box 192.168.0.23 (the IP address of your web server) in the local ports you would also put 80 in both the boxes [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwKoLyojRL8) might help.
don't be afraid to shop around and never be afraid to ask for more than their offering sometimes you'll get it.. usually they'll say no but maybe send you a free mug or something ;-)
yeah when my first raid broke i bout crapped myself lol no data loss but enough to make me realize i'm effed if it was just a little worse. my NAS has a pair of 4tb externals doing nightly backup that i swap out every so often and put in a secure undesclosed location
And those can also be removed or locked down as well. A few things will no longer work though and that would be okay. some finacial systems did this jus to reduce attack vectors.. so I'm told not really my area. But regardless... even IF they left it on the systems it really wouldn't be use able beyond the system anyway... or shouldn't be. Edit : phone failure.. I give up correcting... deal with it :-p
what /u/starting said and a switch suggestion. just for home stuff i'd probably get a 16 port netgear unmanaged prosafe. (just in case future expansion) [This series](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16833122139) has proven to be reliable to me an if for some reason you get a ~~dude~~ dud the warranty is fairly easy or if for some reason it falls out of warranty cheap to replace. I like the metal body and that it is easy to mount to a wall. If you are looking for more professional you are looking for a rack, patch panel and switch as well. edit: having a hard time typing the past few weeks between speeling,gamer and automobiles its horrible (lol yes those errors are ~~international~~ intentional) edit 2: not international, international edit 3: i give up.
changing the computer name won't change the folder your profile is stored it. [here is a thread on technet](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/dbf6dff3-a706-4047-8dbf-58b879a9af0b/how-to-rename-a-default-user-directory-after-changing-computer-name?forum=w7itproinstall) that will walk you through it.. (scroll down). I have to admit LOLed and felt a bit guilty too :-/
I use [webmin virtualmin](https://www.virtualmin.com/) which is free but if you want more options you can buy professional. It is a little more basic but gives all the options I could want and my sites are not tied down by my control panel.. i can remove or break the control panel and my sites will still function.. backups/restores are not overly proprietary so i can take a backup, unzip it and find my DBs, Web files and DNS info in import them into something else pretty easily.
really... you are not that far back, the base system should be fine for what you want/need with a couple upgrades you should be fine. Upgrade your video card: GTX 970 for 1080p stuff or a GTX980/Ti(?) for 1440/4k video Upgrade your ram, get a second 8GB stick for a total of 16GB and put you in dual mode. Get a 512GB SSD and set your current HD as storage. they way things are going you probably have a good 2-3 more years of quality use out of it. If you still decide to go all new.. check /r/buildapc
poor installation, too much weight just from the picture.
thanks bookmarked
IMO: significant practical experience is better certifications if you are just looking to learn something new or getting into a new specialization then it might be useful. Then again, if someone else is paying for them get all you can ;-)
LOL yeah intel had a couple duds in there between P3 through Core2Duo (on consumer end anyway) I'm pretty sure even the Raspberry PI can out pace the P4s in many if not most areas.
I cannot speak for all devices but the handful I have dealt with the factory reset wipes the data and puts it to the factory default settings. I don't think it is easily recoverable ether but I've never tried.
something like [THIS?](https://youtu.be/oUUH1o56888) on my QNIX bought around the same time. I got a new DVI-D cable and new power brick... seems to have corrected my issue. Though I can tell it is starting to go on me.
i'm sorry i don't remember exactly.. I talked to the guy i bought it from (in Korea) he sent me a new brick.. it worked better but still did it from time to time, i messed with Catalyst settings which also helped I switched DVI-D cables,upgraded to a 7950 card and somewhere along the line it quit doing it all together. I'm not sure what order i did them in :-(
probably my favorite trek movie. Decent humor and hit me at the right time of my life.
take your service tag to [dell support](http://www.dell.com/support/home/us/en/04) make sure you have an extra video card. Some laptops do but most do not. If you do get the drivers from this site and reinstall. If you do not have an nvidia card and just use the integrated graphics like most.. then uninstall the Nvidia drivers they're just wasting space. (just looking at device manager pretty much says you don't doesn't hurt to double check on dells site) most dell pcs have the dell diagnostics.. i'm pretty sure most the laptops do too. reboot and when the dell splash screen pops up tap f12 until it says something like preparing one time boot menu in the top right of the screen. once the boot menu opens down arrow to diagnostics and run them. Make sure it is pretty well ventilated like not sitting on a bed or blankets and also have your power adapter plugged in when running them. The diagnostics generate quite a bit of heat on laptops and suck a lot of power. If the diagnostics report an error call or chat with dell support and give them the error code and validation. If anything is loose in your pc it would probably be a fan of some sort and that can cause over heating and all kinds of "random" issues.
* don't care really as long as actual spam is filtered * this is kinda an issue but search works too * cause flairs are important * and they still are important * Link to that thread here? update the current wiki? I don't care about the mod drama i just want free loots, does the new sub provide that?
you can get them with a discrete card.
side question why are they stripped? get a rubber band and put it on the tip of your screwdriver to fill the gaps in the stripping. but you probably want to try one of the other suggestions before opening it.
make sure the ticket system supports tabbing to the next field and have the tab order set accordingly
well.. yeah.. Just like a desktop only smaller and "easily" removable or swapped out.
there is a difference between between Share and NTFS permissions, check both. Add yourself and probably administrators to have access and then deny "Everyone"
IF Adam Warlock does not make an appearance "soon" it doesn't matter what happens in MCU.. they screwed it up ;-) Namor would be a great movie.. as long has he has some pants. Infinity Guantlet needs to have an aftermath movie that includes the Tribunal, Celestial Chaos Order Infinity, etc..and if possible the Galactus and then the formation of infinity watch which should be a decent series in it self.
yeah i think that was the problem i was having. seemed to work with xp and maybe 7 pro but once i did 8/10/server 12 R2 all options would got to 8/10/R2. But its been quite a few months i don't remember specifics. I don't have MacOS to try.
loki female buys you another win per week in alliance battle. If the uni is going to cost you less that 1250 crystals do it. the 10% more stats is usful in many modes, the freeze only really helps in AB,TL and BW. freeze doesn't effect WBs. If you are not getting the uniform on sale then i'd probably get the mega ticket. when Uni's go on sale again (at 750 crystals or less) get it then.
i'm not sure but that title might be a bit misleading to some
Thanks! i was wondering why my s7 was performing about the same as my s4 active I'll give this a try.
Since you already have Stark backing i'd just run with that see how it does for a few days. If it works out for you then don't worry about it.. unless you have billions of gold you don't mind throwing away ;-) i'd probably shoot for power of angry hulk though
I only got Proxima, got her at 19/19/19/20 going to get first gear to 20 as well. I got the BAM for it but i'm also putting some into fuzing so when i get thanos in a couple weeks i'm not dropping as much gold at once (less of a system shock) My alliance level is only 15 so i need all the SCD i can get. 20 on the first for more damage though it really isn't needed and the other two because it was an impulse. If i had an alliance lvl 24 i would probably stop at 17's as it is by far enough damage for any WB. the last gear i got a old crit chance. My special gear RNG kinda sucks so unless i need more inventory space i'm not rolling any more until the next update. (though i got a pretty good one for loki, cold damage + stun resist + on hit shield) i got SG and EM unlocked but only 1 star.
its possible but i've seen plenty of others as well.
that isn't quite what i'm talking about. Lets say Bob, high school drop out but hard worker is making $8 whopper flopping. Jenn who finished High school and became a certified uh.. welder after another year of schooling is making 10$ Minimum wage goes to $9, does Jenn get a raise? of course not.. a least not for a while and by the time it evens out we're talking raising the minimum wage again.
I swear to the founders if i was working there... there would be no ~~piece~~ peace for him or any one around. I'd be sitting there doing paper work mumbling things like "It is the order of things" or going to the fridge for lunch.. "it is time for the white".. when a new prospective client asks why they should get a Loan from us.. "Loans are life!" or why the payments are do on the first Tuesday of the month.. "do not question the founders"... oh i'd be canned so fast.. but it would be worth it...
&gt; For what it's worth, well trained welders make MUCH more than $10 an hour. in my hometown COL was very cheap a couple years back... 10$ and you can live pretty well.. well trained people with just a bit of experience at most any job generally started between 8-10 depending on who their family is ;-) But it was just an example i pulled out my butt so... don't hold me on to the profession i picked because i happened to see a welding trade school commercial on tv last night :-) EDIT: oh and it took about 2 years or so before it started to catch up in my area last fed min wage rise.
If those employees are of the same skill set, general responsibilities experience and training, i probably wouldn't have much of a problem either. But if the 'super' has 20+ years experience, a load of training and certifications and some young kid out with an associates degree comes in with 6 months of intern experience... i would be upset if they made the same as me. BTW: 15/hour for a supervisor role at a tech company sounds a little low. You maybe underpaid depending on your area.
someone with IaAG or stark backing and has energy/all damage main stat
SG is pretty squishy. I dont'h ave her gear where i probably should (lack of mats) but just with my wasp at lvl 54 i can feel like she's going to be more useful to me with the possibility of going to t2 later. Her shield is great and with a good SCD% could probably out last many. Grimm still seems good if you can keep her alive though but her Uni burn proc doesn't seem to work on WBs :-(
your gear at lvl 20 and all rolled to SCD should give you around 2000 SCD which would be around 12% (more or less) Marvel Zombies #2 give SCD as a second stat Loki Agent of Asgard #17 give SCD as a second stat I think there are one or two more i just don't know them and the rest of the stats after the first two are fairly random. I have a bit of SCD on each of my cards. giving me a total of 27% for me: * 12% from gear * 27% from cards * 5% from team up with phil * 0% from Alliance (only lvl 15) * total ~44%
don't use any tickets on anyone you can farm unless you have a lot of disposable cash. after you have loki, silk and carnage look to hulk buster and she hulk (she hulks leadership is awesome on male days) ronan is easy to farm, war wolf is too but takes a bit.. Thor is only 5 bios /day + rift.. i wouldn't fault someone for using a regular rank up (not mega) on Thor if they had Lincoln already leveled up :-) angel and singul.. can't be farmed really but they are not all that great at wb IMO.
IMO: Unless you are an electrician or monitor/tv repair man i would suggest replacing the whole monitor. Even if you replace it with a $300 monitor it is probably still cheaper than your home/health insurance deductible :-) (in other words: better safe than sorry) But you could probably find that whole board on ebay and replace the whole board instead soldering chips and such
you'll have to be more specific when you say crash. does your website go down? can you still remote into it? when it crashes is your drive space full? how much bandwidth is it using around that time?... etc. Has any one done any stress testing on the hardware? Check your IP against RBLs see if their listed. Reason, if you got attacked it was probably some sort of worm to try to send spam of somesort. If it was recently listed then yeah probably hacked ([mxtoolbox can help here](http://www.mxtoolbox.com) Since you disabled a WP plugin and it seems stable.. it could be either that plugin is doing the job and is overwhelmed or something updated and broke it. sometimes (most of the time) i really hate word press ;-)
Additional Cameras and DVRs with a handful of dummy cameras. If execs pitch a fit about the cost remind them of the cost of ram, your time to troubleshoot and install and the users time waiting on a slow PC and you to fix it. You can also setup a PS script to check the how much memory is installed and run it on your network and check it against what should be installed. here is the cmd: &gt; Get-WmiObject -class "Win32_PhysicalMemoryArray" -computername COMPUTERNAME ify ou got a list you can also do.. &gt; gc computerslist.txt | Get-WmiObject -class "Win32_PhysicalMemoryArray" -computername $_ I think that's right anyway. should give you an idea of when/where to look at your recordings and what ever other security you have (door locks?)
makes me think of the Star Trek TNG episode "Up the long ladder" &gt;Odell: "My God, Picard, the place is a bloody death trap... lightning bolts falling from the ceiling! Just what the hell was that thing?!" &gt;Picard: "Automated fire system. A force field contains the flame until the remaining oxygen has been consumed." &gt;Odell: "Ah, wh-wh-what if I'd be under that thing?" &gt;Worf: "You would have been standing in the fire." &gt;Odell: "Yeah, well, leaving that aside for the moment-what would have happened to me?" &gt;Worf: "You would have suffocated and died." &gt;Odell: "Ah, sweet mercy."
right on, but if you don't have the ports on the DVR and have to buy more/new DVR then thats where the dummies come in when you are on a strict budget anywho
i ment those are all red flags.
AHCI is what you want you'll get slightly better performance out of it but it will also depend on what else is going on. Just make sure to look up what all you need to do to change it to AHCI it isn't just a bios change if your OS is already installed
not necessarily. Someone said one of the engineers said they will sometime break with standards if it doesn't break their page and increases performance.
have you seen me claim other wise? if you have please point it out. I could be the sketchiest mo-fo in the the world.. or i could just be someone who just doesn't do many transactions... so could this guy.. EDIT just noticed [deleted] not surprising... that's not sketchy at all LOL Anyway OP GLWS
SG
IMO: SCD until cap (alliance bonus, cards, etc) you are maxed then switch to crit rate or crit damage which ever you need more.
the basic interface is pretty easy to navigate coming from 7, won't take much to get used to. and office 13 works fine i assume almost any app compatible with 7 would work with 10 but i'm sure there are probably a hand ful of exceptions.
i'm not sure, there is a list of them floating around somewhere though.
shes not bad, her 6* damage is pretty awesome and her abilities keep her on the move (which is sometimes bad too) but she is also pretty squishy EDIT: I'm talking about her with uniform that makes her 6* much better
found it in my bookmarks apparently i had it before lol https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AQJnIaUaR-uhJMjOqv_oPp83zco2YMpxOJQrG7SDHIM/edit#gid=1370521497
If it has slots for both it shouldn't hurt. Ideally you want matching sticks but really in most cases the average person wouldn't notice.
I also have proxima and antmain t2, i'm currently working on wasp as the other t2s i'm not interested in or just not good enough to put the resources into. I also have EM, SuperGi and BD unlocked but i'm only three, maybe two weeks away on thanos so i'm saving most of my BAM (minus 800 for wasp) for him.
the down arrow means it lowers the time between the use of an ability. the two stats on the top you cannot change, they will only go up as you upgrade them. the abilities below you can change by spending gold and it is based on RNG. Click the change option, select the skill you want to change and then hope you roll skill cooldown. 168 pts of skill cooldown = 1% over all with cards, gear (the cloak), Alliance bonus, etc.. you want to have ~42% total skill cool down or there bouts for loki. hopefully that helps
then you have other issues to work out ;-)
does it also bother her that she probably was on a road that someone had a car accident on and died? Serious home buyers probably wont' care... now if he died because it was in a bad neighbor hood and someone killed him for his TV or from radon (sp?) or something like that.. then you could have a problem
you wouldn't run this on the end user computer... i suppose you could if you had powershell installed on every system but really if you where going to do that there are other ways with out scripting (wmic i think?) An admin would run this from their desk and they could script it to run on every pc that is turned on in the network.. scripted. Just because i was curious i ran it on one of our departments here.. worked just fine. Granted there are probably better more complete packages to monitor inventory and hardware.. but this is quick and fairly simple until one is in place.
Phone calls, hardly ever use my phone as you know.. a phone. I have no idea what my ring tone.. i think the last time i heard it was when i picked it, and it isn't on silent lol.
i would think sfc /scannow would do it? but probably would be just about as fast to reinstall depending on the computer and if you have any data to back up first
run the cmd as admin and then run sfc?
that just means it isn't able to get an IP address from your DHCP server, usually this server is your home router. If there is a problem on your home router or if the DHCP server isn't functioning a restore of your system probably wont fix your issue. If you are using your home wifi through that same router, chances are that is fine though. you can also try: &gt; netsh int ip reset c:\resetlog.txt and make sure your network connection is set to get an ip through DHCP (automatic)
would be good on just about anyone, but preferably someone who has a fairly high Crit Damage, could use a bit of extra defense AND if you swap in this gear won't push you over 75% dodge. I would consider PM and Elsa from my roster.
yup, been like this since i can remember. just run circles around it and then right after he uses an ability jump to his side and smash him then use the 2 or 5 star i think to leap away.
Combat, kingpin groot(heals) hulk/hulkbuster for lead (damage) you could also use carnage too but the 6* i frame still leaves you vulnerable between hops. Speed, t2 antman, max your SCD so you can use your iframe pretty much constantly and that 20 dodge.. yummy.. if you have to use SC lead to do so. leader someone who does damage (elsa is good for this) and SC i think is a striker for one of them..? Blast looks like Wasp is the way to go now. along with KP. Starlord lead would be good leader or Iron man if you need more SCD. Sister grimm's summons also do a fair amount of damage and also don't rule out her and quakes bubble leadership if you need a little more defense it has given me a couple WB wins.
I would probably agree with you if this was a couple months ago. Deathlok is not the man he used to be any more still do able. If it wasn't for his dodge ignore i probably wouldn't have even ranked him up on this account.
not the worst idea with some tweaks but probably would take up quite a bit of resources NM doesn't want to throw at it.
this. the lvl6 specials will also make it worth running the specials for more than just bios.. i hope...
disable the search option for those folders and recent documents/places? It is still there completely visible.. just wont' show up unless you actually go to that directory.
unhide the folder, then rehide it. it will give you two options.. one for this folder only and another for all sub folders.. select this folder only. you can also toggle show hidden files.
I think the number to apply is 0118 999 88199, 9119 725 ... ... 3
hello from PA :-) yeah those are generally lower level positions
the new aunt may helps.
don't see a post for any new sales.. guess i'll buy up more mega tickets
Stun works great on proxima and ebony, others i really didnt' notice but i think it is a minor help on BD and SG. If you get an ob with decent stats and it has a stun resist dont' rule it out :-)
ticket must've been what i was thinking... thanks! .. getting him to t2 is going to take for freak ever lol ;-)
the nice thing about linux.. unless there is a security concern or a feature you must have.. you dont' have to upgrade your distro. even then you really don't have too. say there is a samba security concern and you are running RH7, you don't have to upgrade the distro to get the patch. In other words.. don't rely on the distro's and their repos. IMO if you are going to seriously use *nix you should probably learn to do it yourself, generally isn't hard unless you got some odd setup. Just because the distro isn't supporting it.. doesn't mean there isn't help there. Unlike with MS, when they drop support for their OS.. you are pretty much done getting updates. I'm not saying you should go back to linux, use what ever works best for you. yeah that CP is hot linked on the side bar... doesn't that control panel just kill the KB patch? I haven't tried it as I've come to like win10 well enough (still like 7 and server 12R2 better just not enough to reinstall)
even then its going to take a couple weeks probably.. and yeah.. i'm actually doing that as long as his abilities aren't dumb.
... again, use what works for you and what makes you happy ... but there is a lot more to linux than what the distros threw at you
I didn't notice. Who ran the DNC network?
he *"should"* be there...
Really? -.- probably not
hyperion is probably near the top now as well, more damage self heal and a small iframe. big drawback is that most of his moves are long activations and can be broken easy soloed corvus and SuG just by using 5* and 3* when at ~half health... and good strikers. each time i tried to use a 6* it would get interrupted :-(
yeah i wish :-( rolled a dual stat recovery and a 110% energy instead
FYI... I wasn't implying you might be dumb. Maybe a new player/new to mobile gaming.. who hasn't ran into similar before. I suppose a question mark at the end of my original comment might have made it seem a little more friendly but who has time to type one additional character ;-) BTW Did it start working properly for you? I had another bug that when i lost a dual in BW it consumed all 3k+ blueprints i had.. exiting gracefully and restarted fixed it.
Should probably start doing characters that need help to compete even at the t1 level. Ones like Lash, Elektra and modok for example.. ones that still need 6* skills and some that should be more powerful than they are.. Ms Marvel and Hulk for example. I'd really like hulk, gamora and drax with a a [classic uniform](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-gxR3WmMbKQY/UiArIA27jpI/AAAAAAAAAHE/XoUEGjQwbG8/s1600/1492301-drax_the_destroyer.jpg) also bring in adam warlock with his uniform from infinity watch ;-)
yes we're sure :-) (apparently) all damage for the attack is calculated by what it says first. HB for example... his 5* skill says energy but the first thing it says is Physical attack. The label as energy does mean it will work against those weak to energy attacks (BD for example). THIS is just from what i was told months ago and all my game play since i started paying attention to it suggests it is correct. i'm not sure about summons though.
I don't in particular but /u/qfuw has a [great comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/FutureFight/comments/4nwjmb/black_dwarf_megathread_update/d47mlw7) thread thingy that can give you some good ideas :-)
it feels like it is lower than what it was last week to me.. BUT it probably is not and just crappy RNG for me the past couple days.
in the side bar guides and tips.. some are out dated but [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/FutureFight/comments/3p0t9u/observation_alliance_battle_schedule_is_a_weekly/) is still pretty accurate
this happened to me once out of about 25 times. almost freaked out.. restarted the game and fixed it
trying to find a guard break immunity for hyperion.. no luck :-(
all his attacks are based in energy but do physical dmg as well. like the 5*, its physical damage but based off his energy attack stat.... if that makes sense?
pretty much any damage set IMO, with decent recovery gear his 3* seems to be more than enough
duno why ether beat up on plenty of BOs with hyper t2 with crap iso/gear and mediocre cards. CG is the only one that is any real issue so far but that can be fixed with with the proper special gear ;-)
need more info. What CPU? Idle or load? What cooler? what is the room temp? .... I would not suggest acting on any ones advice at this time as you may make matters worse if you try to fix something that isn't broken :-) (though generally dusting out your intake and output fan once in a while is usually not a bad idea) This could be expected or could be a sign of a problem. It will be easier for people to tell you which once they have the correct info.
Travis Mayweather
i got something similar.. right now i'll take any gold i can get though.. leveling/ranking thanos is expensive
yeah, my HB has a 40% dodge ignore gear from when i only had one DI striker. I'd just keep HB in reserve until the last stage and then switch to him. Still if RNG failed me i'd loose due to time, wasn't a free kill by any means but after a few tries i would get him. I wouldn't put all DI obes on all your characters though just for one boss fight but if it doesn't take away from other fights.. why not ;-)
[you are in the sizim](https://youtu.be/8teXQOkzkj4)
no. gear only effects the one you are actively using. so if you put a DI on daisy and not actively using her it won't help. In order to get the DI gear to be useful you'll have to put it on iron fist (assuming you only use daisy for her buff)
I've been using Cap and Hulk for a dual bonus to defense and Crit rate/damage. But at t2 really doesn't matter who you pair with him as long as iso set is fair and some sort of recovery gear. though might make a difference with BD. EDIT: when my thor reaches 6* i'll probably throw him in there.
t2 hyperion can stand toe to toe with him with 2* ios and basic recovery gear. basically trading heals and iframes.
i could be making this up someone feel free to correct me.. I think it is 40% dodge and then 87% dodge on two separate rolls. I also noticed in Realtime BW i was able to hit ant man with the buff with my T2 hyperion which has dodge ignore as a passive.
but but the UI is horrible ;-p
don't store password in batch files. net use s: \\unc\path /USER:user123 when the batch runs it will ask for the password. You can also omit the /user switch if you want it to use credentials of the current user. pretty basic stuff for a windows admin.
&gt; the ESET NOD32 Antivirus.. Isn't it supposed to stop malwares? antivirus isn't a cure all. It could be a simple as a run away process or could be malware. to help find out you need more info. from task manager click View on top, click select columns. Check show command line at the bottom also check PID as well just because.. its near the top. click okay and you'll see a new column for command line.. expand it out and you will see what was run to start that process.
Ultimate boot CD there is a tool to reset windows passwords up until atleast windows 7 not sure about 8 or higher. However 'guy' probably still has access to your pc so unplug it from the network/internet before logging in
Cute desktop picture on the monitor :-) 360 Controler PM'd.
I rolled hawks eye too.. works out well for me as i need the SCD and with his beast of a self heal on a short cool down it works out rather well. using a 3* recovery+ crit + energy dmg proc gear.
I like HP on gear 3. SCD on gear 4 (cause i'm not close to the cap yet) i'm also using an attack set that gives +attack, ISO and old school crit boost for special. The only WB that really gives any trouble is black dwarf.. oh yeah and TI.
even refurbed ones are well over $200, the deductibles are pretty normal BTW.. I'm not sure if it is currently that way but the deductibles usually reduce over time. Like the first couple months $200 after 6 months 150 after a year 75.. etc.. but I'm not a GS employee (thank god)... BUT i'm assuming it is is like the protection plans you get from Cell providers. I usually get them the first 6 months to a year after buying a phone an then cancel the protection plan. i buy my phones out right. after that if it breaks i'm probably considering a new phone anyway or can get a new/refurbed for reasonably cheap. if by some chance i'm broke at the time i could also sign a new contract to get a new phone IF i had too. I am of the opinion you should always get protection/inusrance on your phone since it is prone to breaking IF it is a newly relased phone (an S7 for example) and you cannot afford to replace it out right should the need arise. Once the prices start coming down then remove the protection plan. Also always get a case, that is just asking for trouble. doesn't sound like you got screwed.. just didn't read the terms and expected them to tell you something they may not have even known themselves.
can you link what you bought just so there is no confusion? It sounds like it is working as designed. Splitters don't give you different displays, they'll give you the same display on multiple devices.
or the POOT errors.. yup the toner is on the shelf below the paper used for the POOP errors.. lol love it POOT and POOP
good info.. to add on to this... if you don't have a key.. get one :-)
&gt; MicrosoftToolkit... whatever that might be. I think it is one of those activation utilities that uses KMS to activate office and windows... doesn't make it genuine though.. i'd rather pay someone /r/microsoftsoftwareswap $20 for a key (even though that is usually not 100% on the up and up either) than use a utility like that i don't trust but that is just me
whoops duno why i read right over that.. sorry my bad.
still could be something else for sure, when you start crashes that seem to happen when doing the same types of tasks (games for example) but what seem to be random errors power seems to be a common cause. Run a GPU stress test along with doing the memtest as you said in OP i think. If the GPU test fails.... On that PSU you should also have two separate VGA cables, both of which have one 6pin and one 6+2pin connections and new modular ports on the PSU. try using the separate cables instead of the single. &gt; computer is only a month old or so /sadface
&gt; Well the thing is that I had two audio drivers installed, my mobo driver as well as the AMD audio driver, is it possible that having both of these drivers enabled could have been causing the crashes? having two different drivers for two different devices is fine. If one of the drivers has issues then yeah it could be a problem. If you don't use the on board audio device, disable it in device manager (and vice versa) &gt; Also, shouldn't one cable normally be able to provide all the necessary power? Ideally, but doesn't mean the PSU is pushing it, doesn't mean the cable isn't bad, doa or has some sort of fault. Maybe there's a manufacturing defect. &gt; You didn't mention the minidump reports; again, those are making think it's most likely a software issue, or should I not trust those reports? they are two separate reports, with a couple weeks in between. the first one (second on the list) suggest a problem with the video card and/or drivers. I assume you keep your drivers up to date and have mostly ruled that out and you seemed to rule out heat.. the next two things are bad PSU or bad Video card. Since you got another crash that seems mostly unrelated to the first that would lead me to PSU. Granted i'm not sitting at your desk, but I've also seen similar to what you describe about a dozen times twice on my personal gaming system ( screen lock up get fuzzy screen and then blue screen/reboot depending on system settings with buzzing audio )... and replacing the PSU was the fix each time. If it start happening more and more frequently it is also a pretty good sign of something failing with the power system either a cable, psu or even house power. If it just the two crashes.. well then i probably wouldn't worry about it too much.. just keep an eye on it. Sure it could be something else, but that is just where i lean.
someone said they stack now, my own eyeballing observations seem to confirm. along those lines the 10% dmg decrease also seems to stack now too but again.. caution.. that is just my eyeballing it. I dont' think the 10% Co-op CD reduction is stacking though.
No live battleworld hmm..
They held a vote, the hard drives voted to leave the server farm because they got tired of being pushed around by the CPU and Mother board. As a result they no longer use the same bits as the rest of the farm and switched back to base 10. This has made things very confusing for the controller cards and they went on strike to demand more electricity for the increased work load of converting between base 8 and 10. So far the PSUs are refusing to do so as it would be a larger drain on power and possibly reduce services to other departments. It appears the PSUs are hoping that the hard drives.. will relent and stay with the rest of the EU and keep using the euro.. oh wait....
Agreed.... &gt; Dr. Hank Pym: Do not screw with the regulator. If that regulator is compromised you would go sub-atomic. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;It means that you would enter a quantum realm. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;It means that you would enter a reality where all concepts of time and space become irrelevant as you shrink for all eternity. Everything that you know, and love, gone forever. Unless something is broke or you need a specific feature...
probably video, but really you are probably getting close to (if not already past) the point where upgrading the whole #! is best. Don't forget to note the power requirements when upgrading :-)
side note.. i'd avoid OVH for any business stuff.. Their support isn't the best and for a while they where having some DC issues where my vps's are (canada). For personal sites though.. i wouldn't hesitate to get another.
disagree. Add a set amount of gold for completion maybe (in addition to the current rewards) &gt; It doesn't matter how fast you mow, it's how well you mow fast.
&gt; There is no tanking in WB eh kinda not true.. you can face tank pretty easily with some characters just avoid their big attacks and don't 'stand in the fire'.. pretty much like any other tank and spank game.
not really, but that is another story
I don't think i've ever seen a Female display port adapter before for any type of connection.. which is what i think you need (female DP to male DVI if i understand correctly?) if you find one can you give a yell?
I'm with you.
seems like a decent place to get bios to level up WB characters too 1-3 at 165 (i think?) with net more total bios than buying a single character?
bought a 360 controller and dongle from /u/erratic_cat all went wonderful.. thank you!
i'm hoping hulk t2, he really needs it to be where he probably should be in game.
I would never use one of these in a business setting or for a client's setup. Too much grey area to risk. For personal, or pc that really doesn't matter. For training or what have you... maybe
how about the old UI?
Little early to say don't you think? all we got is a preview what if there is a 50% chance to give him guaranteed crit hit (that ignores ignore dodge) with a 400% increase to crit damage with a 20second CD that can one shot Black Dwarf if the stars align with a daisy buff? Sure it might end up being crap, but might end up being the new "must have". once we get numbers we'll have a better idea.
Thanks forgot about that option
i agree it is ugly as all get out.. It just doesn't work. less is more. thanks for /u/thessair for reminding me about the theme option in preferences :-)
congrats!
with all that defense do you need stark backing? Those people probably have pretty good cards too.
some parody costumes would be a nice addition :-)
Yeah really isn't surprising. There is a bunch of legacy software out there that has similar password requirements. Every time I've run into it though, they have a separate user account for it out side of AD.
Took me a second to get it lol.
[dban](http://www.dban.org) on their list is my favorite but i tend to do dozens of drive at a time. Just make sure you have the right disk picked before wiping :-)
I thought it would be cool to have the infinity watch team * Adam Warlock (soul) * Pip the troll (space) * Moon Dragon (mind) * Classic Drax Uniform (power) the other two watchers are Gamora (time) and Thanos (reality) But i'd be extremely happy with just Adam warlock ;-)
Classic Drax. Captian Universe Spidy and Hulk. oh and Classic adam warlock but first they need to add him ;-)
Yeah they're full of crap... I don't understand how these people can be so... ug.. Clueless is one thing... but this is just horrible. GL, make sure you file complaints to corporate, ~~BBC~~ BBB and maybe the FCC(?) EDIT: LOL BBC whoops.
Did you delete it from a file share? (like \\diskstation\sharename\ ) Did you set up the "recycle bin" in the share settings on the disk station? (this is not the same as the windows recycle bin)
Don't DBAN SSD's Many SSD's come with a utility to erase the data for you. Running the traditional DBAN will greatly reduce the longevity of your SSD. BUT.. if you are keeping the SSD there is no reason to secure wipe it. Just start the install for the new OS, delete the partitions on install and create new ones. I know you already said it but just to double down..make sure you back stuff up first! :-)
I think it is a long shot.. but worth a check. "I think" it still keeps the versioning data for the directory under certain circumstances. In dsm 4 (again i think not sure) i actually had to uninstall cloud station from the disk station to remove all that when i changed.
&gt; I expect this isn't the first time they've had issues with these two. i'd put money on this as well.
maybe run storage analyser.. i think it is in the package list if it isn't installed already.
maybe frankie ray? :-)
my t2mk with out snare resist gets about 40k. Avoiding the beast as much as possible. my t2IF that had a snare resist got about 55k I was going to build volestagg and then BP for ABx but since i needed non-stare resist on MK and IF for shadowlands. I don't need that any more so i'm going to build MK with a snare resist then work on BP for shadowlands. I'm planning on running SheHulk(L), t2MK, t2Groot.
doesn't really matter if it does.. windows defragment and optimize is just fine now days you wouldn't notice much of a difference if any other than how it is performed. But if the Windows defragment fails.. then something fairly serious might be going on.
Maria might be "co-director" but Peggy is a founder ;-) what about Kismet?
the tin cans at the end of each a pair must have rust on them. Eat more canned peas and use the empty cans to replace them.
that means your computer cannot find that computer on the network any more. try contacting the people responsible for that computer with that last screen shot.
I'd say hellcat is probably a safe bet being that she is also in the netflix series as Trish.
that's not what that means.
just no. But if they had a co-op type mode where you could make your own groups that would be alright.
did you try the fqdn or ip instead of just renderboxx01b?
More information just in case... FQDN is fully qualified domain name.. so if you log into an active directory name of contoso.com the fqdn would be renderboxx01b.contoso.com Get the IP address open command prompt and ping renderboxx01b if it gives you four responses from x.x.x.x ip then try remote desktoping into there by typeing mstsc x.x.x.x where x.x.x.x is the ip, if it connects that means your network or PC is having dns issues (probably just your pc since others seems to work) at the command prompt type ipconfig /flushdns see if it makes a difference (it rarely does but worth a shot)
and make him viable! :-)
I got about 7-8k just burning up my inventory. I have BD, EM,Odin and Corvus at one star mastery.. the others full. It makes a pretty big difference but they all do what i needed.. now that i really don't have anything to spend them on i'll probably start getting their mastery up. with all the t2 tickets that have been given out.. might as well use them for mastery.. but keep some just in case there is another strange type quest line.
&gt; The client? Not so much. We've been working with them for several years, trying to help them as much as we can to become a more mature IT organization. We've had mixed results. There's lots of politics, weak and disorganized leadership, very little technical chops, weird decision making and unpredictable strategy. In short, they suck and they can't attract or hold on to talent. That's where we, and you, come in. I want to place someone there with the personality to fit with our consulting practice while being a full time on-prem admin for this client and continue our work to help them be better. Where do I sign up! /s ;-) up vote for salary and honesty. Definitely a unique post. I hope you find someone that is able to help!
I wouldn't worry about it. that CPU is powerful enough as is, any upgrade wouldn't give you all that much more performance. Check again in about 6 months or so. If you are not worried about frame rate then i wouldn't upgrade anything, just hold on to your cash... maybe a ssd if you don't have one already
I've watched "Jay Walking" ;-)
pretty much tells you what to do one screen? I'm guessing you don't have the disc or USB install media? you can download it on another computer. https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/15088/windows-create-installation-media
until you see an official post about it no one knows. my guess is before the end of the year
Well yeah that we know, not new info. The general thought from what I can tell is that the deduction is bad and should be eliminated but no one ( politicians ) wants to risk their job over it.
lol i use about 250-400/day easy. Ticket|Mode :--|:-- Epic Missions|20 Special Missions|30 Co-op|103 Story Mode Farm|60 PVP|10 daily|2 Total | ~230 Plus rifts but sometimes i don't do them just because. sometimes i miss all my co-ops as well... Hopefully i'll be done with story farm this time next month too! :-) Edit.. can't do math with out coffee.
insert some joke about elektra's sai's and /sighs here.
true.. hmm... that helps some.. i guess time to start using all those bios/tokens and one of my t2 tickets (have 7 of them just sitting in my inventory lol) edit: ty btw ;-)
that's pretty cool. do they make something similar for Android/S7?
regardless find a new job. 17$ for the work you seem to be doing really isn't enough... well unless it is one of those really low cost of living areas then maybe.... but even then... I was told by a a co-worker that if you stand at the state border of Texas and yell "I know computers and things" you'll have a job the next day. I've thought about it a lot, usually in winter when i'm shoveling feet of snow...
yeah since the new characters don't need all my saved bios.. i blew them on WW... my 280ish bios where not enough.. man i hate rng lol.. Thanks :-)
holy crap some of those are expensive lol.
lol good stuff. we get the same thing with facebook and other social media's all the time. once in a while it is legit though.
hulk fixed...? or atleast viable.. .. seems like the WWhulk uni is only a stat boost now (and looks cool) super armor give Immunity to break right? Gonna have to re-roll iso off heal and new obelisk that doesn't have a heal proc. RHulk uniform make him a hero? (i duno much about RHulk)
run a full malware scan (to be safe) Run in incognito again and goto: chrome://extensions disable/uninstall extensions. If it works go through and enable them one at a time until it stops working again to see which one it is.
I think your issues are with RNG instead of gold
... no wonder you have problems.. you are not praying to RNGeezus before rolling... :-D Random Number Generator
oh i think you can and i'm pretty sure you will. these types of games i just hope people die with more than a minute left so i can finish it off. With Groot there.. that might be rough though.
this... does... suck... well looks like i won't be upgrading alot of uniforms soon.. (unless they drop prices on uni's like crazy)
yeah i was mostly PVP oriented i avoided the raids and PVE After hard core elitist raiding in WoW going to SW:ToR just was extremely disappointing even lightsabers and pew pew couldn't make up for it. PVP is a little less grinding unless you where getting mats for upgrades :-) I still want a pre-CU SWG type game but havn't found one out side of SWG emu.
luke with near full gear decent ISO and uni can do high levels mostly by himself. At maxed SCD his stun is available a lot. Ultron can mostly solo destroyer boss below floor 12ish (max 20s gear no uni) but takes some luck not getting caught in stuns and probably some sort of heal (tag, iso or obelisk) modok good for energy leadership Phil is pretty decent but needs some attack speed.
yup... i'd buy two subs if i could get double the bios. your welcome /s ;-)
i wasn't aware that it needed saving... :-(
sounds more like a CPU/GPU problem to me. Have you checked the CPU/GPU temps when you are playing? Also verify your PSU connections to the board and video card.
Hulk just went from character you only get if you like hulk to a respectable t2. Shame his WWHulk uni makes him a villian, i'd probably use him on combat hero days just because.
I unlocked and used a mega 6* on her. at lvl 37 she was able to survive normal AB no problem and did awesome AOE damage up until around 70k. I had to tag to some one else to finish because well.. lvl 37 and all skills at one, just would run out of time. She had near or full health when i switched her out. The drawback? her five and six star moves are slow BUT don't appear to be interrupt and do what appears to be massive AOE. At max SCD you can just go from one right to the other with maybe a second delay.
i'm considering using a mega t2 on her. I really didnt' think i was going to like her at all but so far i like most everything about her.
geezus don't scare me like that :-p
thanos copter uniform
YJ can do that at t1 as well, I havn't found a need to put ticket/mats into t2ing him yet :-)
also three star iso-8 and xp if you still need those for upgrading or what ever with no cost to energy.
yeah i'm looking at a mega t2 ticket for her.. just havn't pulled the trigger yet.
his t2 makes him awesome against villains (kinda like miles only on fire instead of lightning). great for WB especially if you have the new uniform. Very poor against those with fire resistance (duh lol).. really thats about it. If you have the meta's at t2 already and have a couple spare tickets/mats might as well.. other wise there is probably a better character to t2.
get some disc cloning software and clone your mechanical drive to the SSD. Often new drives will come with some other times you need to go get some on your own. I like Arconis True Image (sp?) just because, but there are plenty of them out there. here are some from majorgeeks: http://www.majorgeeks.com/mg/sortdate/drive_cloning_imaging.html some are free, some are paid, some are crap some are good lol.
I really like her. on par with sharon if not a little better over all. i love her AOE and leadership :-) you can be kicked out of the five star iframe under certain situations but didn't really pay enough attention to figure out what it was. Had it happen a couple times doing rifts. between the five and six star you can stay pretty much invulnerable at near max SCD. at T1 level 37 she was able to get to about 70k on normal AB meteor day at near full health.. i had to swap her out cause .. well lvl 37 all skills at one, gear at fives and no iso or obelisk... she just couldn't do enough damage. She clears stages about the same rate as strange on auto give or take depending on the level. on Shadowlands she should be an easy clear for late Blast or female floors she isn't a must have, but if you got the daily bio selector, definitely unlock her to use some tickets on her at some point.
at t2, seems about on par with sharon but below strange.
&gt; I don't live in the US that could make a difference.. you could always move here.. just do it before the 20th ;-)
man i hate thermal take but those are some pretty slick (and fairly cheap) cases
i guess it depends on the situation and build. my sharon is more built for defense (cause she doesn't need more damage) where as my IH is more built to damage because she doesn't need defense :-).. so about on par for me :-)
I'd manually re-roll and stop on the first attack six or eight set i get if i was short on gold. If i had plenty of gold.. keep re-rolling until eight set attack comes up.
no, the x5650's are lga1366 and the h97 boards are lga1150
yeah.. that's crazy. for pvpers the whales will eat you a live.. luckily the pve stuff does not require upgraded uniforms (yet)
&gt; No. Cards have always been relatively easy to obtain even for F2P. no, they where not. before they where added to DR's they where achievements, and many complained that it was "too hard" or "too expensive" occasionally they still do with the shop only or art book cards. edit: or they complained about the achievement removal (especially carol's uniform) &gt; Ditto. ok, gear was a little easier, still there was quite a bit of gripes about the cost. &gt; I didn't "freak the eff out" then. many are still freaking out. &gt; Yes but that is not my point. I could clear today's stuff easily. What I am concerned about is future content. Hence "the beginning of an end". overly dramatic. Maybe its the beginning of a new beginning? &gt; As a F2P, I have maxed Strange, Thanos and Odin shortly after they are released. I have always been competitive. Moving forward, I believe I wouldn't, for the reasons raised in this thread. well at least you don't have to worry about Thanos and Odin uniforms... yet... :-) I don't like the new system... one bit.. i that having other Uni's to rank up the current one is dumb.. but in other changes NM seemed to balance it decently after a little while probably to let the whales spend some before making it easier for those of use who can't/won't spend thousands a week on a mobile game.
I remember the system differently.. but i'll take your word for it. My team was still fairly new at the time and my experience as a newish f2p player then wasn't all that easy. as time went on it got easier between my roster getting better and NM giving out "free" stuff. I would expect something similar to happen here.. uniform tickets or something... /shrug.
yeah. any attack set will do.
lol nice
I'd imagine it will be all right. Other than Hyperion, Carnage, Enchantress and Iron Heart there is nothing you cannot do. However it will take a long time to catch up if you don't put any cash in. I think you can even get carnage with out putting money in early but i'm not sure on that. research and plan wisely :-)
pretty much under floor 15 is probably a safe bet (assuming the stage matches).. more or less depending on obelisk/iso/etc...
attack iso for sure.. if you have issues staying alive try t2throot if you have him instead of jane.
sometimes hardly any sometimes many millions. just today i tried to re-roll MK off hawkseye to another attack ended up with hawkseye again after ~4M gold. update: 2m more gold and got PoAH.
mine is t1 with poah crap isos and three star obelisk but okay cards. she can almost do high teens with out uniform. 20 gears. If that helps at all
awesome!... well not but atleast you have a good idea where the issue is :-)
last year i ran into a 3.11 machine running an hvac system, hardware failure. Don't remember what it was but was a "quick" fix and is still running. The thing might be older than some of the people subbed to this reddit. Most people i know would've just tossed it and told them to upgrade. 10base2 network :-) EDIT: this system just showed up on my desk to day. the hard drive finally bit the bucket. Luckily i made an image of it.. if i can find an old ATA drive..... ;-)
destroyer.. mainly cause i want to see if they give it another energy damage resist. Kingpin because i farmed him up right before he was over shadowed by so many others Luke because i like him ;-)
you don't really. Bios are used to get XP for BO's and Odin. You do not get xp from running missions for them.
gratz, he is a beast.
for T1 f2p, floki. ronan lead and redskull still a solid team. Carnage t2, thanos, Corvus,etc also great.
&gt; Gwenpool being capable of soloing lower level blast relays. She can pretty much do a late teens female by her self with a dmg lead
I'd say Hellstorm or Gwenpool. Which every type you need more. before i got odin up, hellstorm was my go to for universal hero abx.
All Attack and Skill cool down.
sorry, t2.
so his three star should block damage? maybe i was seeing something else but it looked like my shield was up and he killed me while it was still up. /shrug hes 'only' t1 i just wanted to try it out. used cabal instead :-)
good to know! ty!
Drop the CD drive, no need now days for almost everything. You can probably get a way with a cheaper PSU. its not modular but $80 (after rebate) cheaper [HERE](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16817139027&amp;utm_medium=Email&amp;utm_source=IGNEFL011717&amp;cm_mmc=EMC-IGNEFL011717-_-EMC-011717-Index-_-PowerSupplies-_-17139027-S0C&amp;ignorebbr=1) Double check if its enough for your setup though.. i didn't look.. just an example. Newegg often has decent PSU rebates.. just gota watch their email ads. I don't see a case in your list, assume you already have one.
use your current system and rip them to iso. use an external drive or NAS put all the iso's on. Windows 10 can mount iso's. Is that 'trouble' worth 17$? well that's up to you to decide. In the long run probably.. short term.. maybe not.
playing too much force arena. i know... i missed a bunch of the hot time last night cause i got distracted with it.
awesome :-) yeah SCD is one of the most important stats.. especially for Loki. keeps those shields and clones up :-)
ahh.. that pesky volume controls have been the cause of balding techs for many years.
I think it could have been great as well
yeah shes pretty good... i don't have her built so shes never a mainstay of a team, but if i need to tag to her she puts out enough damage and stuns that i'm not worried i'm going to miss much. Out side of SL i team her with Gamora and Thanos for WB.. just because fun team I love the classic uni look, drax needs a classic uni.. basically hulk with a skull cap and cape :-)
oh yeah tony dodd played old Jake Sisko in an episode as well, i don't think that's what you are going for though
keep in mind the government wants their share... probably won't matter if you are just doing one here and there but if you are doing a dozen a week at 100$ a pop, better play it safe. It isn't hard to do but does eat into your profits some.
If you want to wire it. Move the router/switch or move the PC closer. if nothing else just to test to see if your performance is better. then you can decide if it is worth your trouble to move equipment or run cable the information you provided (ping and dl speed) are not enough to tell you if wired will speed up what you are looking for. If your internet speed is only 3mbps then you probably won't see much difference. but if it is 150mbps.. then you will probably see a difference.
hook your pc up to the tv for an hour or two :-) Probably not much different.. you probably wouldn't notice unless your a pro gamer or something.
I auto it for tokens to get bios. Every two or three days you get an extra 10-15 bios some of which might be useful for things other than feeding to BO's/Odin. running on auto with Odin (6/6/59), Thanos (6/6/60) and Strange (6/6/60) keeps me in the top league. by a small margin and the crystals are a bonus.
i was wondering why reb was so much easier. ty
no permission.
the price will change from time to time based on exchange rates to the Won I believe?
odin leader thanos and strange just hanging out. i usually lose one or two a day.. but i don't pay much attention.
PED's in MFF! I demand an * on his name on reddit! If someone was exploiting now, where they doing it before? hmm.. :-P
Thanks :-)
no it shouldn't.
I'd rather people disconnect. then i don't have to worry about them screwing things up.
its decent but i'd probably go AoU instead once the 1gold sale starts.
which ever you want to t2. both are pretty good at t2
odin with a bit of movement speed is pretty awesome as well
you can *only* buy three.
I may not be reading correctly.. if you don't have carnage hes they way to go with MK next. After that get Warwolf to t2. he'll boost your combat hero and unrestricted days in ABx and can also do shadow lands pretty good. after you got those three.. meh whatever you like.. IF is good dps... Hulk and RHulk are not bad now. BP is decent....
same here, it wouldn't be so bad if it was faster to load.
ty for the list i'll probably take WW hulk up if they change the immune to guard break.
nothing is 100% secure. Probably the safest way would be to buy a google play card or something.
reseat the CPU (take it out and put it back in) make sure your supplemental power is plugged in to the motherboard properly.
for the t2 tickets: one on moon knight to make him useful and gives you a decent character for hero combat ABX day. The other two i'd put on Iron heart and Hyperion because they're paywall. I wouldn't buy the spiderman uni unless you MUST have him. Ghostrider mobster is pretty good, i'd buy it now.
FYI this post is OP but needs a TL;DR :-)
probably but wouldn't be any good if they where playing pokemon go while driving.. used to happen alot around here
yeah you cancel the three star before it gets that far. I dont' know if i'd say skilling it up the whole way is needed, but helpful slightly if you don't have anywhere else to put your gold.
Not sure if i understand what you are asking but i'll give it a shot. DSL runs through existing phone lines. if you have any reasonably modern land line setup it'll work. If you want two DSL connections you will need two phone lines. They're one in the same. (Generally) When you order DSL you get phone service over that line as well, what features that phone service has is another story and they might disable it at the office. Not sure if that helps? I'm not to sure on the steaming on two PC's thing.. i do mine from one PC.
Google it. Marvel quit giving out the license to x-men and FF4. Rumor is to help put pressure on studios to return the movie rights.
Carnage no doubt, after that use what is left on Enchantress and get her to six star (no need to t2 she's good with out it)
In addition to what /u/Aikanar0 said. I've mostly soloed combat levels under 10 with Giant man, Luke Cage and Sif (with uni)
yeah your goal should be 25% (more or less) through cards. Mine is currently at 32% and i'm trying to get it down, just having bad luck with rng the past couple weeks.
don't t2 yellow jacket (yet). He is pretty beast mode with out t2. If you got a decent setup and with decent team/strikers he can do ithanos. From the ones you say are ready for t2 i'd go for Silk or thor. Silk's T2 gives her a much needed damage boost and if you get the uniform you can keep not WB enemies webbed forever. easily does mid/late teens SL floors by herself. Thor's t2 makes him lightning damage monster and if you get the unworthy uniform it gives him much more defense. YJ's uniform looks pretty awesome though.. especially against heroes.
any sub-15 destroyer mode. summon, blasters kite, repeat.
ok.. lets say i have. Attack speed 500 Energy attack 200 Attack speed ... wait i get it now.. she hulk only effects the first option.. winter solder effects the second, deathlok the third... etc... THANKS!
apparently it doesn't.. fox still has the rights lol.
If you have all the needed materials and can already do 30/35 WB I'd go for Odin or use the BAM/CNS to do the strange missions. If not I'd go proxima, Faster to get to 6* and a great striker for WB
Mordo
Hulk :-) well really just his (and she hulk's) uniform Luke but all he really needs is a decent t2. hes already decent on the t1 front
Few teams i've seen * Odin, Thor, Medusa * Odin, Thor, Jane * Odin, Thor, t2Groot I tried all three, Medusa Leader gave me the best score.. but my odin isn't geared well for abx.
go buy a lotto ticket.. don't ask.. just do it.
pretty much any Universal, villain, female or boss floor. You'll probably want an energy damage leader when you don't want/need the dodge ignore. and you might want a tag heal if you get caught standing in fire or something... she can be squishy I usually use her on bosses after floor 15 but before 21 since i got other characters for those floors.
if you got high SCD you can chain his stun, and damage abilities nicely. He can do many combat floors mostly by himself as well once geared up though you'll probably want a heal from somewhere.
Kate is fun and pretty good at ABx and can take on mid/late teens floors pretty easy (might take a try or two if you get caught standing in fire and no heal) Elsa is about the same, but not as fun to play (might just because she isn't as new and shiney) if you got her Uniform a very solid choice.. if you don't then go else where. IF can do Luke and Daredevil floors (24/25) reasonablly easy if he has good support (t2 Groot/warwolf damage lead, etc) and generally good. If you need combat.. a solid choice. I don't have BP to t2, but i hear his rework is awesome and from what i've used at t1.. i agree. Floki and chantress don't need t2 to be good.
they're all decent choices but i don't like songbird personally.. none of them require t2 to be 'good' either and do well in shadowlands in mid/late teens rounds with out t2. if you are looking to focus on pvp then probably Wasp t2 would help the most.. other wise which ever you like better IMO.
book marked.. thank you
I think those four are reasonable characters to say .. but with so few left to upgrade.. hard to be wrong. I duno about the abilities though. Also hoping for Adam Warlock's T2... ;-) [#nevergiveupneversurender](http://samanthapfield.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/never-give-up.gif)
not sure with the new t2 i havn't looked at it close enough yet.. but either an attack iso with a heal proc obelisk or heal iso with an attack obelisk. I got PoAH on mine and am comfortable putting him as lead under floor 15 though the higher the floor the more help from team mates he needs. Remember new T2 tomorrow for him.. i'll be getting it just because i like the character.. well unless it makes it so he is friendly with chipmunks and summons them for attack partners.. then i probably wont' lol. (/s btw)
thanks for this!
or have PoAH and a below 50%, 10% heal ever 15 secs :-)
If it means anything to you ... February 1st UTC starts January 31st 7pm Eastern time ;-) *edit* Feb 1st utc that is
used to happen a lot 10-15 years ago when 100$ was a decent amount of money ;-) Businesses also write alot of checks to because it provides a paper trail but i doubt thats the type of customers you get. Who uses a credit card for under $100? :-p (/s btw) A small cafe i frequent uses one of those phone credit card readers.. i think from Square (? not sure though) and after a smallish fee it deposits directly into their paypal account.. not sure what happens after that. Looks like it is really easy to setup. why not ask the company what forms they accept? They might just accept receipts.
thanks, a bummer for sure.
reminds me of me when i played WoW
depends if you have been playing less than a year and are vip 10 then you are probably a whale (or at least a dolphin). if you are vip 10 and playing from launch.. you might not be a whale if all you get are the monthly and the occasional sale pack. Its a matter of perspective. some people $100 is a lot of money, others it is pocket change. Jealousy :-p they think the game is pay to win and it isn't. Everything except for the art book cards and a handful of pay wall characters can be done with out paying a dime. What it is though is pay to win faster. yeah yeah small distinction but gota give f2players some encouragement.. I guess the one thing.. in pvp if you want more points you can reload for crystals.. more money, more crystals.. if you buy crystals you reload.. so i guess there's that.
I cannot decide. Luke is getting one of them though.
i'm getting luke as soon as i get the option too... one gear left to get 19-&gt;20. I wonder if it'll make him taller... /shrug ;-) i duno if he'll be that good but the reflect similar to destroyers (only physcial) and i like Luke.
I'd like to add... Presumably and highly likely given the circumstances, but until NM adds user list/progress in DR's there is not a way to tell for sure
I'm hoping the same thing for this patch.. 7 X-men none native t2, and Adam Warlock as an "out of nowhere" :-D but just wishful thinking on my part you know
well then make Piotr speed type! :-D (/s btw)
X-Men Legends, Marvel: Ultimate Alliance and the MvC series... Na.. not the best ever but certainly the best Mobile Marvel game.. if not the best over all mobile game
yes its good also fairly free to play friendly Just make sure to read the guide(s) in the side bar before you select your heroes!
I play on Nox and Bluestacks all the time. As long as you play the game as intended there shouldn't be a problem. I'm almost positive it has been discussed here before.. if not here then the previous subreddit. and yes it probably will improve your ABX scores for me it is about 20ish% difference in teh weekly score. Not as good as apple but much better. I suggest Nox emulator, If you are on windows 8 or windows 10, make sure you uninstall Hyper-V. If hyper-v is installed in then Nox (or any other emulator) will not be able to use the vt-d extensions. After Nox is installed and you create your first instance, go into the settings and up the ram and core count it can use. The default High setting is probably okay, but if you got more ram or cores might as well increase it. I have a 12 thread cpu and 64GB ram and i got mine set to 6cores and 8192 (8GB) of ram. I also regularly run two instances with the same settings while streaming and it works fine TL;DR: it works and very unlikely to be banned if you play legit.
i set the wsad for movement r and q to switch characters then number pad 1-5 for skills 1-5 respectivly and then numpad 6 for teamup with space bar as the basic attack. to setup your keybinds click the keyboard on the tool bar.
yeah bluestacks is nice but little things like that drive me nuts. i was never able to get the number pad to work on it
may have been mentioned before but the splash screen says beast and rogue *biometrics* not x-gene. I maybe confused and don't know how x-genes work or maybe they just didn't want to leak x-gene /shrug.
reddit air freshener nice touch
I approve this message ;-)
yeah i picked up on this after blowing a bunch of energy and tickets on the wrong volestagg mission :-(
read the rules: &gt; No soliciting of any sort. This includes attempts to sell accounts.
I play.. * DC Legends, its pretty not good but kills time * Final Fantasy (original) Android port, the d-pad controls are a little weird but other wise great. I think it is $8 from Play store. IMO the best FF game of the series mainly because you get to make your own party. * Trexels is kinda neet just cause 8bit star trek.. but another i just havn't had the time to put into. * Star Trek timelines.. i really liked until my character inventory was full. I'm a character collector so that really got under my skin and after about a week of trying to manage my roster i said screw it and uninstalled. coudln't understand why that would have 30 different cards for one character... /shrug. I tried some others like GOH and Force Arena, I just don't have the time to sink in to them and i generally dont' like them all that much. FA is was kinda fun for a while. but that died off quick.
do you use windows 10 nvidia graphics? Been having lots of problems with the latest graphic drivers.. so bad i updated to the new nox.. I'm going to try down grading to the previous nox when i get a few minutes. It'll work fine for an hour or three and then crap out.
i use L2 Hal, l2 Flash, l2 Zantana and the one batman (with heals) from pvp tokens.. i can't remember which one he is.. but hes only rank 5 no legendary. all 64/65 with 9/10 gears takes a bit and bat man dies pretty much straight away.
saving for a future release.
its always bonded two since i upgraded to 120/10 even with the company equipment EDIT: also, it wasn't until sometime in late '15 early '16 that ABB even started using bonded upstream, they are a bit behind the times but they do not have any data caps :-)
t2kid with elsa lead and wong team up probably the best bet. just rotating between skills four, two, and three with five as a filler should get you close to 100k. I got a an ignore dodge/critrate/heal proc obelisk with full awakened PoAH and along with crap Uru's. I get between 95-110k in general feel your pain.. i hate speed day.
First... MANY Thanks! learning some here :-) ok so that first one really isn't a splitter its a DC.. just want to be sure i understand.. the low loss/through port would be the side where the modem goes and the tap port for the Tivos is to help ensure the modem has.. well.. low loss? and to make sure i know my terms, ingress is basically "garbage" trying to get in because of some flow issue (like going down a flow that isn't terminated) and egress would be garbage trying to get out? I'll try removing that that cord and splitter tonight and go straight in to the DC. the splitter i'm using farther down is a three way.. but i only got two in it, could that potentially cause issues as well since the third has nothing on it? I was watching it from the modem status page for a little while this morning both the up and down stream where moving quite a bit with upstream topping out over 52.x We did have multiple people moving out and in recently, I don't recall seeing any field techs around but i'm at work most of the time they'd be there. yeah i'll check that ground too Thanks again for all the info :-)
nicely done, and what a horrible movie i love it
well no it hasn't been a 'short' amount of time. Lived there about three years and probably 3 or 4 visits after the first week or so (had issues initially) usually when problems creep up we just suck it up and deal with it cause after a day or two it clears up, but this past week or so is much worse and the first time its been really bad where it is my own modem. i've already had a hassle with that.. now straight up it could be my modem.. but i find the chances of that to be really slim given past history. I do have the ABB modem still, i thought about provisioning it but i just don't want to be on hold another hour waiting for someone to do it. EDIT: i have tomorrow off I'm going to try some of the things suggested tonight then call them if no luck and hope the queue isn't an hour.
yeah what really makes me doubt the modem is that the provided one did similar things as well.
Not saying i like the limit, i'm saying.. why complain about the daily mission? It's an option because they're you need a lot of them if you don't have tickets. If you F2P they're great. If you p2p then they're probably not worth running even with out the 2k limit. Buy the time f2p users get near that limit a new character will probably need them (assuming they're trying to get everyone maxed) go run the gold one in stead.. its 200k+ gold.
they're nice now because unless you have tickets you are probably hurting for those shards, just another way to get a few extra to boost your mutants. Until yesterday i ran those dailies because i needed them for mastery.... now i don't so now i run the gold. Its nice having different options compared to a few weeks ago.
that last line is great &gt; ... John’s solutions is merely a workaround and Microsoft will have to address this eventually, as removing security patches for potentially critical vulnerabilities can’t be a best practice. As if using IE 11 is. :-D
hello face, meet palm...
did you put the device (the headphones) into pairing mode?
nicely done
/r/synology may also have an opinion as well :-)
I wouldn't have net flix if it wasn't for star trek being on it. Sure i have most on physical copy but being able to watch them with out changing discs or ripping my self is awesome, worth a few bucks. Hopefully the New series gets put there after the season is through (like AoS and the DC shows) the All access just doesn't look like it is worth it for one show that I probably won't like as i'm not a fan of the ship's jj restyle.
this was my first thought.. fire star. Amazing friends will be my new teamup until adam warlock gets here.
oh really? so maybe i will get lucky
yeah todd, eric and jim was where it was back then, their art pulled me in
LOL well.. I know a web dev that likes to call him self a full stack developer that would (past tense) store (old)website documents in his recycle bin. He did this for a few years. His reasoning was, well the user updated the file and he would remove the old one and put it in his recycle bin then if they ever needed that file again he could pull it out of the recycle bin and that it wasn't his responsibility to back up their files. apparently it happened fairly often.. often enough to have an excuse... only found out because we noticed his recycle bin was huge taking up a good portion of drive space and when we said "empty it" he said he couldn't because "important stuff..." even better... about a year later... we migrated to a newer version of exchange and added rules to the deleted items directory so it would clean up stuff older than 30 days. He freaked out.... i'm sure you can imagine why. Now he says he was up set because he didn't get a notice that i swore went out months before. (i couldn't' find it though) but regardless... :-D Point is, it isn't just end users who do things like this. IT people with years of experience do as well.
https://www.spiceworks.com/free-help-desk-software/ or http://osticket.com/ Get and apply some sort of ticketing system, eventually make it required.
Most lists get fuzzy after the top teirs. Characters like Sharon Rogers, Strange, Carnage, Odin, etc.. at the top. There are also a handful at the bottom, like Hulkling. once you get past that things get fuzzy.. quite a few people say Hyperion is trash, he's not. Hyper is just has stiff competition in the Universal class, but still no where near odin. People say Hulk is trash but hes not, Underpowered for you know .. hulk..yeah but definitely in the upper half of combat classes. People's perspectives are also mostly based on their experiences with characters... Like i can't stand songbird so i'd rate her a bit lower but i player like once a week if even that much.. but I'd also rate Nebula or Giant man pretty high because i play them in SL as much as possible. "Most" characters are not horrible and worth putting some resources in to... but for newer players the lists you saw are still pretty on the nose. Do work on the x-men epic missions though along side the strange epics.. cause a "free" t2 combat in wolvie is great!
and when giant man kicks someone while in the corner they don't go flying off the map
Not for a team really, Each one of those you build a team around basically. Loki with uniform (floki) can give you 4 normal ab finishes a week. Can do every world boss reasonably easy except for ithanos and can clear most shadow lands floors all at t1. There are few characters that match floki's usefulness at t1. once you get into t2 area is where floki starts to lag behind. the ancient one can survive most anything at six star and can do well in SL, what (s)he lacks is damage but can still do well in SL and world boss.
beyond the first handful, most people looking to chat use external apps like Line or Discord (discord link in the sidebar).
Finally catching up with NOX :-) has the numpad binding been fixed? Multi instance and numpad are the main reasons i switched to NOX Bluestacks TV plan on adding Youtube integration anytime soon?
just what the world needs. new emojis.
eh i wouldn't rather have Blackbolt, captain M.. their damage just doesn't seem to be on par with Hyper but i don't have either at t2 yet even though they're ready.. just lazy and havn't done it yet lol. with daily sub bios especially.. since they're bios are pretty easy to come by.... singularity MAYBE but that is only cause i'm having bad luck on daily chests for gears :-) Also Universals are good for SL regardless since they can do any class. Malekith and hulk are actually pretty decent as well... so.. malekith does require a lot of practice though.... i'm horrible at him but when i get lucky and do it right beast damage. I have both at t2 and I absolutely love hulk even though he isn't meta.
you're definitely not giving hyper enough credit. Sure not meta any more and not near the first to use ticket on... but certainly better than you make him sound. try 'rotation' of something like 4,5,1 with a 3 in there when you need a heal. at max scd there should be very little time in between. So basically iFrame, Stun, Guard break repeat. I'm coming from a perspective of SL where he does late SL with little issue.
No idea but just speculation on my exclusive insider information (which is none btw just making that up) i think the English crew is multi tasking with other games, they probably all do to some degree though.
just use it a online shops that accept BTC as payment.. there are a handful. Last i looked the MS Store took BTC.. I was looking at getting one of the new surface pros.. then i realized it was a scam.. (no pen included wtf?!)
/u/cmnightnurse responding [link] (https://gfycat.com/GoldenUniformEyelashpitviper)
... i must say.. i loled.. i did not expect that.
I don't see a problem here. a network printer (behind the type writer).. a fax for when email-&gt;fax just won't do or acceptable due to policy and a type writer for a lot of things like manual checks, labels, etc. we have a similar setup in one of our offices.
another must read suggestion of "A Stitch in time" good luck finding a hard copy. took me a long time to find a roughly used copy for a reasonable price... might be different now though. also the ds9 aftermath/relaunch is decent.. I liked the Ezri and Jake books
YJ doesn't **need** uniform to be good.. but that four skill change is really welcome when dealing with multiple baddies. Sif pretty much needs it. I'd go Sif unless you like the Pittsburgh colors for YJ AND you will be using him a lot.
everyone has to learn somewhere. Learning here with only a few subs is better learning somewhere that has a couple hundred thousand subscribers :-)
buh bye it isn't a question of how simple the question is or how long your question(s) are. before the daily question thread there where many posts with the same idea of yours that all generally had the same answer. While you think your question(s) are unique.. really they're not. Just eyeballing your post (cannot see it only the comments) your question is like many others. perusing the daily question threads would probably answer your questions. Search on reddit is kinda lame but it probably would've answered your question in fairly short order. I don't like how the daily question thread works here.. but it generally works to keep things in order. probably wont' be long before this one is removed telling you to use the daily venting thread :-p.
8set attack iso set. I think Overdrive is probably the best but if you are short on gold stop with the first attack one you roll. for skills take three star, five star and six star (three four five abilities) up the whole way and then two up a couple based on what you can afford.
Just to help with what /u/chronos_sg said. You do not need her uniform to get the invincibility just t2. But in general, yeah elsa because you'll probably get more mileage out of it if you are fairly new and need another damager for World boss, speed ab or what have you.... if you can though get Sharons as well it takes her from good.. to out damaging strange in open abx :-)
wait until you do BD with She-hulk lead, Sharon rogers and t2 Phil. 6 seconds is my best WB kill.. i'm not sure which one it was on though.
few you don't have.. I tried to follow your priorities type if i understand correctly. Character|Uniform Name|Priority level|Uniform Overview :--|:--|:--|:-- Hulk|Any|Low|Both convert Hulk to a villain great for SL and ABx. Mastero adds poison damage while WWHulk gives immune to guard break which is fairly pointless with his super armor. stats welcome but not needed to clear high teen floors. Nebula|Classic|Medium|Changes her skill set.. adds a stun to a fast cool down skill that makes her great for shadow lands relays and anything else that can be stunned. Not to mention it is sexy. Malekith|ANAD|Low|Heal helps him survive but it is on hit so doesn't help a lot. Much more pleasing to the eye than default. hulk would be higher if WWHulk had a better bonus that was relevant to him. also floki i'd push to high for new players. Not as "required" as before because people should have sharon for female ab, but still great. I often still use my t1 floki on high teens SL Female floors even though i have half bunches of female t2's still hanging around. (tagging out to drop bleeds if i get caught with one).
yeah, i'd probably go with medium-high... mostly for more advanced accounts looking for big ABx scores
Hulk, Carnage and Red Hulk. Red Hulk team up gives All Attack and Attack speed. You loose a striker from Venom but the attack speed generally beats that out.
Maximus T1 'easily' takes out destroyer boss modes with out much sweat with no obelisk and a very poor 8-set iso (spy tactics, yeah i know.. just stopped on the first 8set) but his gears are 20. You can also do floor 1 with him since many of his summons are combat class. Also doing the Inhumans gives you a chance at Hidden routes (if you havn't cleared) plus inferno bios (meh) Wiccan is darn good as well, just don't get hit much and if all goes as planned you shouldn't with his binds and stuns. Crystal, Songbird and White Tiger are also good for SL if you don't have them yet consider them.
all the time.
8-10 because its less energy and generally the fastest story mission clear.
this usually does work. everynow and then it doesn't though.
i forgot about WBi, i only do one a week if that.
yeah i don't skip them.. just forgot to add them :-)
what do you mean by max energy by day? do you mean that 1 regenerated every five minutes when under your "max"? that would be 12/hour or about 288 (vip 10) if you are under the max all the time. i just call that normal regen between hot times and i only count recharge once. my energy income is more like Source|amount :--|:-- Assemble Points|75 Alliance daily Challenge|30 Daily Mission(total)|85 3rd Rift Completion|100 Free recharge|120 Normal regeneration|200 Total|510 Of course add in check in/weekly etc. Also if you are at cap and have a recharge available.. run one cheap mission then recharge gives a nice bump. At the end of my "game day" before bed i often have ~80-150 left over especially now that i'm skipping somethings i really don't care about. (the only special left to gear is Hulkling so i don't care much)
yeah i figure around 200 on the normal recharge between hot times. yeah i'm vip 10 as well and one every 16hrs so i still figure once a day just cause Real life gets in the way and i forget or whatever. That max you have would be pretty much if you get everything.. i think 500ish is probably more realistic unless you are on game 20 hrs a day :-)
yeah that's about what i usually do if i feel i might be running short
Just didn't include it :-) but i'll toss it in there just for completions sake :-) ty
All characters (except Jean and Beast) to 6/6/60 with 15+ gears with only about 30 more characters to max gears almost all of them farmable. Beast is 6/6/57 but will be 60 tonight in a bit and he has 15 gears currently Jean Unlocked, 4/4/50 with 15 gears. will be a while to get her to 6 star just because i'm not buying a pack for feathers any time soon (unless i hear colossus or warpath announced then .... maybe)
rarely use three star mats to upgrade anything exceptions... **Cards** use them to upgrade or upgrade them depending... **Growth ISOs** always use three stars to upgrade. don't sell your 1/2 star growth isos until done with that upgrade session as you might end up with a 5 star iso that only needs two percent or something.. then use your 1/2 star growth on it (why waste a 3 or higher for 2%?) **obelisk** if all the stats are bad.. like a stun resist with a fear resist and all defense... use that to upgrade a four or higher star. other wise put it on one of your scrubs to make them a little less scruby for Alliance conquest. i'm sure there is more i just can't think of now
the 50% from his t2 should be more than enough.. focus on something else like HP.. maybe some recovery, Cap ignore defense and SCD of course. If you happen on to more crit stats its not bad but wouldn't focus it unless you got most everything else capped
