Ojala y el gobierno tenga un plan de atención y no se repita lo del Cartucho.
Beware Guiding Light for The Resistance.
In an isolated system, the entropy can only increase.
Trump better do it, Christie sold his soul to him.
Don't forget the frame, you always need to frame it.
All within a secret plot from the Templars to hide in America.
It all comes down to the Annunakis and aliens playing with our genome.
It makes me sad, though, that the majority if not all events were "here, take this free pokemon" and not "OK, I'm giving you this ferry ticket to this island where you can catch Hoopa" or "bring this to that cave and use it to open an entrance where you meet Diancee".
I apply cream on the purple screen beyond my eyes to try to make them less noticeable. EDIT: I also have a Tumble account subscribed to all those "sad quotes" accounts.
I do that once in a while, then my balls start hurting.
Come on!
And the Olympics, full summer of sports.
What does the M stand for? EDIT: Thanks!
The Wall just got 10 feet higher.
I think they just went on a more digestible route, mainly on the singles. It also comes to how was Alex during the time he wrote the lyrics, which made the album less WPSIA and more Humbug/SIAS mix. They had an awesome marketing scheme and Domino made sure to focus a lot of resources on them. So, yeah, no sell-outs.
Incest, concubines and protecting m'ladies honour. MLP fanfic checks out.
He needs more GBP and Mom will only give him some if he gets a job or a girlfriend.
Celui-ci.
*In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god’s blessing. But because, I am enlightened by my intelligence.* ~~Aalewis.
Lampard Never Forget.
Family reunions must have been awkward that year.
No Lahm, no Klose, it won't be the same.
What happened to Weidenfeller? The guy was quite good during the super Dormund of Klopp and Lewandowski.
What kind of app is this?
Thanks, sounds really cool.
Be Prepaaaaaaared!
I'm 19 and it would be You're So Dark. I love the references and the whole scene/character it paints.
There's even one for "how to make your family comfortable with you being naked all the time".
Male whore.
"They call it football too, how hard can it be?"
But 100k for a company like EA is pocket money.
I'm refreshing over 3dm and Skydrow, no release so far. You can check this forum too: http://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?f=10&amp;t=65592&amp;sid=d1f5387a39b502c0183331ef2ed03306&amp;start=165.
What did Di Maria shirt say?
"From 1 to 505, how high is he?" Damn, wish I had thought about the pun.
Who are those girls?
That was close.
You can bring 3 players over 23, like the UK did with Giggs in 2012.
Come on, Cuadradito.
So it begins, come on, Colombia!!!
Man, hope it was last year Cops America for "la muralla Murillo".
Hopefully Conte will know how to make him comfortable if he calls him back.
r/nocontext
Wenger pls.
Next in Civ VI.
"Jackson, Falcao", someday they'll return to their old kickass selves.
I guess it raises war tension so those wimpy democracies can actually do something.
Worst of all is that calling women "females" is expanding, I see more and more on Reddit.
Best Fucking Goal I've Seen In A Long Time!
New Arctic Monkeys album, new QOTSA album, what is this, 2013?
Listen up, chumps. Akatsuki is best girl! Vote for the cute ninja, bracket C!
The match one is really clever and the plastic cards one was really funny for me at midnight. Gotta practice those, the straw one blew my mind.
Despite all the hate that Mercy gets, it is awesome live.
New Halloween.
That's why you shall support Illyasviel.
The fat cats put a red tape to keep the truth confined.
Planes are pretty cool.
I really thought that was in! Come on, France, I'm rooting for you to win this.
Code Geass Kaguya lost, oh. Holy shit, Nagisa beat Ushio by a lot! Have you not seen After Story, r/anime? What is wrong with you? Go Akatsuki, best girl!
Seriously, r/anime, have you not seen After Story?
Hmm, thought it was 2013.
Well, seems like Queen Elizabeth is losing her crown then.
Dog, alchemy, meeting a professor, kids going on a trip... I don't like where this is going.
That's why I just tend to ignore the comments when I know what I said can be controversial. I can't be bother to fight about it.
As a newcomer to CK2 once I got my hands on a computer that wouldn't explode after 100 years of incest and murder, I tried to start as it is dictated, by trying to conquer Ireland. As the count of Daesmunhaim my dream was to unify the island of Eire and from there conquer the world. I managed to conquer the first counties and form the petty kingdom of Mumu. From there the world should have been mine. I striked and conquered another two counties from which a new petty kingdom emerged. I was though the most wealthy and powerful suzerain of Ireland. As I planned to conquer the rest of Eire and become an all-mighty King, sorrow and pain took ahold of my territory: my character had died, leaving others to pursue his dreams. Obviously the succession laws played against me, giving each of my male children a land title and dividing the force of the previous ruler. On one character it was enough to conquer the world, divided in two it was barely enough to withstand attacks from the neighbors. So did the dream of the count of Daesmunhaim died, watching from heaven how his children divided the land while invaders from Britain took Eire piece by piece. TL;DR: Tried to become King or Ireland but succession laws cockblocked me. How do you manage to create a kingdom when you lose half your power after death.
Yeah, but why is the UK called roast beef?
Why isn't Kerzhakov playing?
"Someone Elsekov", holy God, my ribs!
Come on, I want a win tonight but a tie is awesome as well, anything to beat the 'muricans.
We could be superstaaaaars.
There's balance in the force once again.
Do they have dogs burying bones in the field or what?
Fabra, he's in one, he's in two.
This shows how much of a gap exist between the started and the subs. We'll be waiting for you, Brazil, we don't want you to be late for the Olympics.
Must be an upgraded version, wasn't Hope #1 connected to a bunch of cables? Hmm, maybe those cables worked as fuel hoses.
It's simply "I'm not attracted/don't want to date you".
God acts in mysterious ways.
Fury hype!
I would love to have Exogenesis Symphony: Redemption back, it's probably not going to happen.
RIP Shaltear.
It's coming home, boys!
1v1 me bro IRL I will wreck you. Just kidding, I've never tasted Peruvian food. I've seen a lot of Peruvian restaurants spawn around Bogota lately. I'll have to see what the fuzz is about.
The fact is that people see what others have and want that. I had short friends say that boys only like tall girls. I think it is impossible to say that men only like one kind of girl. For you to be worried is normal and logical but trust me, short girls envy you and you'll find more than one man who will like tall girls.
Cops REEEEEEEEEE
And Illya is a fucking awesome cool character, specially for VN players.
Nick was the one who got his ass slapped at the Brits, or was it Jamie? Sure, Alex is cool as fuck but I like Matt. He's the second leader, he's always off doing side work with Homme or even TLSP and we share names. He seems like a cool guy to both hang out at parties or just grab a beer.
I know I've heard the song, I just can't remember the source. Still Take You Home?
Then they get that oddly allergy to catholic symbols.
I don't actually know the other character so I'll probably pass on the vote.
Are you a dog?
What a shame, he seemed like a really good player after that final against Boca.
[Heaven's Feel spoiler](/s "If the ending is the good ending, Illya's popularity is going to skyrocket").
Shit, I forgot to check if Nagisa had lost. Well, that's what you get for [After Story spoiler](/s "beating your daughter").
Bolillo, your thing used to be defending. I'm disappointed.
There are like 4000mts of difference between that match and this one. Edit: And you actually have a real coach now.
Yo siempre creí en tí, Bolillo.
~~Fricking smurf! I guess you don't like U de Chile or...?~~ EDIT: Ooooh, he killed someone.
The Venetian wonder sounds really OP.
Plus Theodora used to be a dancer, that's how Justinian met her.
If we live our lives in fear, I'll wait a thousand years, just to see you smile again. I was on this huge crush when I found out about Muse and this one just stuck with me like a close feeling,^( nothing happened with the girl, though.)
Only 5 songs though, we need more.
/r/arcticmonkeys legendary shit taste, mate.
I can neither forgive them for Soldier's Poem.
Hope they choke on bread. /jk
Menos mal no compré early birds, esperaba The Last Shadow Puppets y CHVRCHES. EDIT: Es que también es el peor mes para montar un festival, la gran mayoría de las bandas grandes internacionales hacen su gira o a principios de año (Coldplay, Rolling Stones) o a finales (Muse el año pasado, Arctic Monkeys).
La Mega los lleva a cualquier colegio.
Fingers crossed for the second coming of Ainz-sama.
Klose, please come back.
Cardona, please, don't be stupid.
Guys, I'm surrounded by noise and annoying people. How are we doing?
Thanks. I have faith, as much as a goal could make everyone around me yell at such level it could destroy my ears.
Ospina! Ospina! You can do this!
\O/ Ospina!
I wouldn't want to be Seijas going into the dressroom.
Hmm, don't forget Monaka.
Ichigo's first bankai is my favorite, the one where he is in Las Niches desert. So simple yet so cool. I'm not a fan of the ones post-Mugetsu.
I have had some stupid slips when, on DSi, I want to press start or select and I end up pressing the power button.
"Linkle's crush". Hinata and Beardie are going to have to fight for m'lady's love.
Is that the festival of the $1.000.000 ticket?
It's all about Muller.
Hmm, maybe, I'll have to check it again. Dumbledore, sneaky bastard.
Thanks for the link!
I have a feeling he's already gay and has a crush on you. Or just stupid, maybe.
&gt; And Cardona is starting. My sides! Edwin Stormtrooper Cardona.
All according to keikaku. Now we come back.
Cardona... you need to RUN!
Time to get Stefan Medina in!
Yep.
The pull-ups of the players will work as the goalposts.
Imagine how weird would be to play with the wind moving the ball around.
Running Chilean, hope you don't get shocked.
I hope the stadium has a good sewer system.
Good question. PSG is overcrowded, Juventus would be ok if Cuadrado leaves. I want to see him going to City just to see what Guardiola could do with him. I don't want him to go to United, I feel like Mourinho would ignore him.
At least it's not the curse invested into Brazil after the World Cup.
Hmm, people is returning to their seats. Maybe it has wittered down.
\#DIGIMONDIDITFIRST
20000 enlightened people, *~ number of users* tipping fedoras.
Found Kubo.
Rin Vs. Holo is going to be a saltbath.
The 2nd part ranks as one my best childhood anime memories.
Clannad AS is the anime where I have been the closer to start crying. It made me feel so many things. I refuse to believe the last episode exists, though.
Kaneki against Jason (Tokyo Ghoul first season, not root A) and Ichigo against Ulquiorra. I was so pumped-up during those scenes.
I die to see [Heaven's Feel Spoiler](/s "Holy Grail Sakura Vs. Miracle dagger Tohsaka").
I started with regular Railgun, I believe. I'm planing on following the order you posted. EDIT: Nope, poorly tagged episodes.
I went into the watch order wiki, the series has 3 types of watch order. It was overwhelming. Best of lucks.
Rest in Pieces, UK.
No one expects the Spanish inquisition.
Starting a trading war with China isn't smart planning either.
Space Oddity.
It actually depends on how the one who did the comment link the image. It can either send to the direct image or to the Imgur slow AF website.
Glorious Idol Kruger-chan.
That scene with Beerus crossing his arm across Kid Trunks seemed funny to me, like Beerus is from the family, uncle Beerus. This arc looks exciting. ~ Insert Gohan irrelevancy rant here. ~
Man, I adore Higuain but what unlucky dude!
I don't know, Wien's law seems like the easier one for me to use for training.
Oh,I really liked the show. The chemistry between Adam, Tanner and Rutledge was getting better and I laughed my ass off that show. Top Gear, getting ruined one could try at a time.
2016, the year of deaths and resignations.
The corners, oh, the corners.
I bet it would be William Wallace.
So we will have a RTS like mechanic where you can only get troops from specialized districts. Interesting.
Magnezone looks to me like a Metang skin. I'm fine with it, if not a little repetitive.
It's a weird thing where Greninja and Ash, because of the special bond they share, synchronize their brain waves and Greninja gets a more powerful form that looks like Ash. On the other hand Ash receives damage when Greninja does.
"Ramzeez".
Although fan-service and plot armour can ruin an anime, I felt like it was different from, for example, Sword Art Online. Sure, after Aincrad and before S2 it was a mess of fan-service and plot armour but it was still enjoyable for the writing and the pacing were not as bad as with GC. I found myself rolling my eyes through each SAO episode but I was at least interested (more or less the same with DanMachi). With Guilty Crown, some things were so boring and the plot became a mess by the second part. IMO, GC got ruined by poor writing, fan-service and plot armour as secondary issues.
That save against Robben at the WC.
I believe he will be playing a friendly with Porto against Madrid as a way to get the praise he deserved.
Yeah, come on, he was crying during that interview. He clearly didn't want to leave but the press and the fans were giving him hell and he knew he was not at the level his beloved club deserved.
Dom and Chris have been replaced by drones. Matt's the handler confirmed.
Yeah, it's early this week :) Which mod is Tpang using for that strategic view? It looks better than mine.
Go Ryuko! Don't lose your way, r/anime. EDIT: So much for the FMA train.
It's like browsing r/UnexpectedJihad without headphones.
I thought we would have a new tie.
[THERE WAS NEVER AN USER]
I really liked this song but I had never noticed the apocalyptic tune the video has.
Does that mean our chancellor is dead?
Honestly, I'm scared of how huge the cast is: Lois Lane, Alfred, Commissioner Gordon, Mera. I want them to show up for a couple scenes, not much, and let the movie focus on the 6 heroes and the villain.
Yeah, like Arthur was actually a loser and Fiona was pregnant so she had to stay at home where sue was kidnapped (?) by Prince Charming.
But were you holding hands?
Those guys have balls so big they need an extra heart for them.
The 30's and 1918 were awful all around the world.
And fuck the invader.
Summon the NPC, he hits the sentinels hard.
DON'T GET GREEDY. Honestly, I should have learnt by now.
Those guys were so infuriating on my first run through the area. I tried to run pass them on following tries to defeat the Goat but I just decided to do it the real way, farming in Undead Parish to be able to hit them hard.
You made me remember the golems in Darkrooth Basin. One by one they're not hard. With a fucking hydra shooting at you, fuck it.
Certainly we'll get one during the Super Bowl.
I haven't played SotFS but did they really remove the cleric? No, that made the first enemy much more threatening. Shame. Does the placement of enemies is also different in vanilla with the patch that came with SotFS?
Scholar of the First Sin is the newer version of the game: it comprises the base game and the DLCs. You don't need to own any previous games for it to work.
Hopefully the naked girl with the giant knife will do better against her than she did against me.
Pain. /jk I only played the first 2 DLCs (Sunken King and Iron King) with a sorcerer. Honestly the enemies are quite resistant to sorceries. As with the main game, keep your distance. The items that give extra uses with spells are useful, I had a bunch of them to farm arrow spear. I believe you can have 2 copies of arrow spear in NG but I'm not sure. A melee weapon is quite useful, I had a longsword.
[Like a huge goblet of fire.]( https://youtu.be/wQUtR8n4AUM)
So we like Ed Sheeran now? I'll never get r/music.
Huh, I thought Norman Reedus was older. /jk
If you don't like a game there's no need to keep playing it.
Wait, wait, does that mean spiders are robbing others to pay the rent? Is there a spider police?
Sight. Time to play this game again.
Uncle Si's got talent.
Wow, I'm pleasantly surprised with 3 and 4. I see many people complaining about these. What do you think about losing max health when dying? I've heard people say that it makes the game unnecessarily harder. I think it gives a real meaning to losing humanity, when in DS1 dying for a PvE character was kinda meh.
In one of the cells right before the fog gate. No worries. \\\|T|/
Honestly, Blighttown's difficulty are the snipers. They get you poisoned quickly. The area, not much. I found it pretty straightforward: down, down, down, bonfire, down, down, down, hole, down, down, down and the swamp. That's when it gets hard because the bonfire isn't obvious whereas the boss room collides with swamp.
But where do I keep the pee bottles?
Not that anyone cares but that's Colombia national ice cream brand. Always nice to see memes from my country.
We all know we did our Miis way better looking than ourselves.
Shutout to r/DarkSouls3, where you may find more help.
"Farmer with a shotgun." Surely anime's defining character.
Trigger keeps saving anime. Sucy is best waifu. Still love the art design. Can't wait for the premiere.
Judging by the awful dishes Shokugeki inspired me to cook (basically whatever I found in the fridge), more like the Weird Foods bald guy.
Oh, I thought it had been patched.
Well, he's a Ryan.
If Zootopia doesn't get it I'll be quote surprised.
Wow, that was unexpected. ST seemed set up for it.
Isn't Shingeki releasing the 2nd season this year?
And better than California, apparently.
I'ma tell you s'merging, girl. *Rubs head vigorously.*
"You're on cleaning duty."
Needs more pegs.
Huh, France is much lower than I expected.
Rimes like this make me miss u/rogersimon10.
From what I know, it depends on countries. With pipelines and boats it's easy to move oil around. Nonetheless it's harder in some countries because of the geography or war: installing and doing maintenance on the pipelines is much more expensive.
I'm convinced Undeads lose the touch. I can't imagine the Iron Keep is a pleasant summer place.
But, according to Dark Souls 2, no ending is good. You may choose to not light the flame but someone eventually will.
Guys, come on, Kariya is the saddest most selfless (^well, ^he ^was ^kinda ^like ^Snape) character in all of Fate. Vote for him!
Totsuka Vs. Rukako semifinal.
I thought it was Hawaii.
Story time?
Nah, I was talking about an imaginary friend.
There's a debate around Lupin, he thought on abandoning his family by the time his wife was pregnant/lactating. I like him but it's nice to see that there was never one universal good guy (except Ron's parents, they're awesome). Even Serious had his flaws.
Make Cheese Great Again.
I guess GoT has the possibility to kill off a character, whereas TBBT has a very reduced cast where each fill a role (except Stuart, fuck Stuart).
Not that they were many, since the Tsarist government persecuted them.
For r/anime there are no OPM side characters.
Didn't he also [SAO Mother Rosario spoiler](/s "develop the gear in order to help dying patients live a second life without pain?")
You're probably the only one capable of saying that without getting buried by downvotes.
So we never learnt what Grimmjow got in exchange of helping Urahara?
Pot magic!
Guys, I know you all have shit taste but please, don't let One Punch Touma beat Decim. Decim is a much better character, much more emotional, interesting and original. Touma is just an average everyday blank MC. Also, Kakashi&gt;Armin. EDIT: Vote for Kariya, do it for the worms.
En serio? Hasta McDonalds tiene McFlurry de Cocosete.
Hey, it's back in English.
From beating Cell to glorified taxi.
Let's look back at Gohan's life: who taught him valuable life lessons and survival skills? Piccolo. Who gave his life for Gohan instead of using him to weaken the enemy? Piccolo. Who gave Gohan clothes? Piccolo. Who's Gohan valuable example in life? Piccolo. Who's actually done grandfather's job? Piccolo. Piccolo is certainly best dad. ^/s, ^kinda, ^Goku ^has ^always ^been ^there ^for ^Gohan.
The boss in that room isn't the OIK, it's the hole.
That's a crowded offensive. Hopefully it won't backfire for Mou.
Right with you on Misaka. She passed from a badass no bs girl to average tsundere.
Iroha is an asshole but she's cute as hell.
Guess boobs beat anything.
She's the only character in that show that isn't an edgy asshole (or a trap).
Oh, my bad, I saw it subbed to my language and I supposed it was already up. I also couldn't find an older thread. Guess I'll delete this and let an English redditor submit it.
Hmm, wonder if this one is already removed. Anyway, I'm deleting it.
OK, so I did a bit of googling around and couldn't find your description. I found [Hitabure no More E]( https://myanimelist.net/anime/10408/Hotarubi_no_Mori_e) which features a girl and a ghost in a forest but there's no specific on cherry trees or the 2011 tsunami. About the 2011 tsunami, there's this short anime special called [Ima futari no michi]( https://myanimelist.net/anime/30133/Ima_Futari_no_Michi) with a boy and a girl but neither of them are ghosts, from what I can see. Apart from anime, there's [The Tsunami and the Cherry Blossom Tree]( http://m.imdb.com/title/tt2028578/) which is a short documentary about the rebuilding of a community and the cherry blossom festival with some thoughts about trees and such.
Can't wait to see Superman fight Hulk then.
Oh, the Spanish sub I saw only had dialogues. Nice work from Asenshi, then.
The school has like 8 teachers, I can't imagine it to be very big student-wise with such a big campus. No wonders it's low on funds. My bet is that whatever happened to Chariot had to do solely on theagic world, since Akko doesn't know the reason Chariot disappear.
Wished Beako had more screen time in Re:Zero.
Characters with excessive white knighting make me crazy, like Kyon with Asahina.
All the characters save Brunette Girl (Hanara?) from Shuu's school are kinda meh, specially blonde crazy guy and Tsukiyama (Tsukigara?, Tsugahama? The leader of the rebellion) who are annoying. Small mecha girl and legless girl are kinda cool.
Nagisa :( She's the stereotypical weak ass innocent girl so I get it. Beetlegusse is so annoying, he had so many episodes.
Specially Bell from Danmachi and Kujo from Gosick. Useless spineless characters that are present just to give the girl something to crush on.
Finding clothes must be a pain in the ass. It's already hard with male clothes, I can't imagine how it must be for woman.
[Kimi no Na Wa spoiler](/s "Ssh, don't give the aliens ideas to destroy us.")
While you studied the noodles, I stirred them with the blade.
So unlucky to aired the same year r/anime lost its shit for Your Nanme.
Watch your organs and your skin. You better be able to haul.
ML. K in DA House!
Juventus by Adidas.
Esta es la página de Wikipedia del estudio de doblaje: [Wiki]( http://es.doblaje.wikia.com/wiki/Grupo_Macías). A lo mejor tienen Twitter o puedes mandar una carta a la dirección que hay en Wikipedia.
Googles "Asstr". &gt; Child Erotica at its Best. Nope!
No more feels, I just want happiness to fill the anime. Just give me 12 episodes of happiness and cuteness.
Oh, same happened to the daughter (maybe 5 years old back then) of some relatives. She was tossing a soccer ball around with an uncle. He kicked the ball trying to send it back to her but kicked it wrong. The ball went straight to this little girl's face.
Beyoutful, what a great word.
Apart from Manning and Snowden, who are the other 2? Assange?
Thanks, didn't know about Sterling.
And, well, Lawrence.
Judaism's comandments are pretty logical if we think of them back in their time: don't mix meat and milk to avoid cross-contamination, don't mark your skin to avoid infections, etc. EDIT: OK, not all of them.
&gt; Good taste. &gt; No Darkness. [](#konosubawot2)
A Kroos-Xabi-Modric midfield would have been so awesome.
Wow, she looks like a whole different person.
Getting points with the new mod. Smart guy.
If I had seen Lautrec without his helmet he would still be rotting in his cell.
Where you fighting him in a dark abyss like place or in some random place of Anor Londo?
Yeah, the best is to kill them just before the last boss.
Do you exit them with backspace? I read somewhere that backspace toggles "UnlockFPS".
&gt; Explooosion! Beautiful.
I have a few, maybe I should pass by that thread about being more picky. Anyways, * Code Geass R1 and R2: I like R2, it starts slow because it basically needs to rebuild the world but the ending is so satisfying, as you see it unfolding. A little complicated maybe, since the story doesn't end when one would believe it does. * FMA: B: So good. I saw 2003's first and I think that one has a better ending but the whole Brotherhood story is fun and interesting. * Haruhi Suzumiya S1: Such a fun anime. I followed the chronological order and I think I might have enjoyed a bit more with the broadcast one but honestly, the characters are great (except Koizumi, he's just kinda there, and Kyon, but his worst is in the 2009). The plot isn't overly convoluted, I don't have to spend time thinking how it all links together through the rules of that world. * Steins;Gate: lots of comedy, lots of feels, the plot flows nicely and the turns it takes seem fitting. It also has some of the best quotes from anime. * Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso: I saw this one recently, it'll probably go down later. Loved the music, loved the animation, the setting was interesting and it was nice for once to have a MC that can't get what he wants. The feels, man, music powers them up so much. Wonder how much Steinways&amp;Sons paid to have the product placement, I saw them on La La Land too. [SwKnU spoiler](/s "I wish, though, that the ending was darker, that it had delivered that last punch, that last inch of despair.") * Death Parade: So cool visuals, such an interesting and original plot, the main characters are so fitting for the setup and that ending, ugh, that ending was perfect. Shame that it seemed like the world was bigger and sometimes it seemed like the anime was going through that direction, through seeing the internals of how it all works.
As long as Op keeps up with the goals of the company. I've heard cowboy hats are a great source of income.
[I won't save the lives of Chads]( https://pics.onsizzle.com/when-you-were-partying-i-studied-the-blade-when-you-2507254.png).
Is the store clerk the Marvel's Quicksilver actor? He looks like him.
It's the same with 4chan. Browsing this kind of forums is oddly addictive. EDIT: r/Incels is back, BTW.
No pointless Senate audiences? Pff, so unreal.
Why wasn't Sadam executed there?
That's how you end up on the next season of Ancient Aliens.
Dat Photoshop. The right side was made with a ruler.
That's like the woman who said she wanted an abortion because she found out she was expecting a boy and men are pigs.
Oh, I like that one. I prefer the others, though, specially 1 and last.
Snow has not been kind with San Siro.
Hopefully not V for Vendetta. I feel like guys with knifes and Guy Fawkes masks wouldn't look like Hugo Weaving.
Eyeedicapped.
I guess it depends on how you think. I believe soft rejection only makes the stalking heavier because it's not a rejection in the minds of some (I myself have failed to caught it sometimes) but a "not now, maybe later". A " sorry, I don't want to go out with you" hurts and she has strong points, she may find a guy who won't take a no as an answer but I feel rejection is just the best way.
But the analogy doesn't even make sense. "I don't smoke" would be interpreted as "I'm not looking for a relationship" and some may take it "I'm not looking for a relationship now". The point with Nice Guys® is that they're annoying and intense. Nice Guys won't say " oh, OK", they'll clinge and say "oh, you know, I'm not like others. Who hurt you". She herself says it in the third paragraph with " vaping" and such. So what, there's no right choice? Better carry a taser because Nice Guys won't go away. The outcome will be the same. That's why there's no real answer, only "safer" and that's not even granted.
Ok, no problem. I'll go ahead and do the contract.
I miss John Earnest.
OMG, that was fucking hilarious. I'm literally out of breath for laughing so hard.
Imgur, Reddit, Facebook, YouTube, Internet as a whole is pretty ignorant.
Thanks for the answer!
The trick is to put a freezer next to the barn/wherever they sleep (to store the corpses of the raiders) and to forbid the freezer with your meals/food you need from the animal zone.
Shingeki no Kyojin, I would suppose. The giant woman is 49ft, according to the wiki. So close.
Are those sun lamps? Can I use them for an indoor garden without hydroponics?
Prepare to be memefied for the upcoming generations.
"Dortmund? Oh, you mean Bayern."
Hey, Op, do you have the link to the thread? Thanks.
TIL, I always thought it was Jedies or Jedis, at least that's how it was translated to Spanish.
Is that Legends or a Disney comic/novel?
It's the power of likes!
They changed the character finder! They've actually done it! I can't believe this! Paradox, you fucking rule! So is this a new already available patch or not yet released?
Or get into the rat's covenant/covenant in Pharros that make enemies ignore you and they become immune. Hit that spear against them until it breaks.
[Trigger, probably]( https://img.ifcdn.com/images/9e989238bc41820fb42cddf3ebca4e78ceebcb8d0e9c606125fd2538043e49ae_1.jpg).
"Worldwide".
And being homeschooled. It must be hard enough to find friends without going to school, nearly impossible for the son of Dark Lord Trump. EDIT: He went/is going to school in NYC before becoming homeschooled. Hopefully he won't get bullied (or bully).
Hide yo Pence!
Collateral Beauty also bombed. Then again these big movies rob the actors of time for other projects.
Easy there, Dan Brown.
My bad, Mary.
How far can we push the rules for [Best Alchemist]( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/doblaje/images/0/0e/Alphonse-elric-2.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20131203024041&amp;path-prefix=es)?
Fuck those dogs. Snipers on each side, dogs down below. Fuck that soul.
Join meesa in the dark side and weessa will run the galaxy.
Confirmed. He killed Dark Plagueis to save the galaxy. r/Empiredidnothingwrong.
Do we need any more proves that Mace Windu = Snoke?
No wonders the first order hasn't conquered the galaxy. The troopers lack dark side.
I'm sure that between the drinks and the mayhem inside the pub he is even more in debt.
Madrid, cursed by the RB in CdR. The spirit of Cherishev still hunts the team.
[Not much but yes]( http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/01/25/seven-bargaining-chips-mexico-has-in-negotiations-with-trump/). TL;DR: Jobs in the US related to trade with Mexico, US growth, agricultural US exports to Mexico, trade as a whole, avocados, security and tourism.
Every 3D movie since 3D was invented.
Cartes de l'Élysée.
\\[T]/
The hand.
It'll get even worse if Trump follows through with the import tax. Mexico could even answer back with the imposition of a visa or charge a fee for US citizens entering the country. Wanna visit? Gotta pay. EDIT: From the article, it seems like the Mexican court blocked the potato import from the US first, and the US decided then to reject the avocados. EDIT2: Press is reporting on Trump wanting to pay the wall with a 20% import tax. RIP avocados.
Yes yes, we have a nice weather. No sun, sun hurts us. Those pesky hobbits like their sun, yes.
TIL Jason has friends.
*7 minutes later.* And that's why the female mantis eat the male.
Australia isn't real. Saying "I'm from Australia" is like saying "I'm from Narnia". It's just a meme.
Actor.
Whatever happen to her anyways?
Good ol' Ivory lightsaber. Wonder what the new one on DS3 will do.
Those black knights are a pain in the ass early on. I played back stab fishing with him.
Don't get greedy. Honestly I can't say how many times I've died for my own confidence. If you're wining against a boss with a technique, you don't need to run full Rambo when the boss has only 2 or 3 hits left.
That's the worst spoiler tagging I've ever seen.
That's the weirdest loli, she must be like 30 for being a professor and researcher. I also didn't remember her name, I refer to her as "The Sensei". BTW, r/LastOrderBestOrder.
Also Shiro.
Busty Loli.
I don't get the Iroha love. She can't do shit for herself and she's an asshole to Hachi. Her only good scene is with Hayato and I liked that scene out of pure spite.
K, see ya tomorrow for the next vote.
Thanks, ol' Blacksmith.
Holy shit, CPY, is there something you can't do?
I think that's good for the CD. For the elections in Bogotá he had a highly known candidate and it completely flopped. He can take someone with a low-profile and propel it himself.
OK, Sucy.
Lore wise, DS2 just doesn't make sense in the universe. Either DS2 happens in an alternate timeline (time is convoluted stuff) or Drangleic is not Lordran.
Heaven's Feel when!
Yeah, seems like everybody has his own canon. It also doesn't help that DS3 barely references DS2 except for a weak connection to Aldia.
Is he still writing the script?
Damn, now I want pancakes.
No wonders he made anime illegal.
Al menos en harina es la misma. Pidele la receta a tus amigos venezolanos. Yo prefiero harina blanca.
I mean, if he felt offended by it then why not make a video? Watch it or don't, what should it even matter to you.
Best: Does Prisma Illya count? It felt like every episode was another proof for the prosecutor. Worst: Seikoku no Dragonaar, forgettable and simple as hell.
With CGDCT I know what I want, to feel all fluffy and comfy. As long as it succeeds it's a win.
John must have been fun to make.
Sword Art Online was one of the first anime I saw and I didn't really care about the fairy arc or Kirito the harem guy. Now that I have seen the same trope multiple times I feel like it would look much worse, specially fairy's because it is the one with less action.
Would be cool if Soma actually stepped down for the rest.
Covered Federal Felony.
As far as I'm concerned both fe are pronounced like in federal or fermentation. Not fee, not fey, certainly not feef.
Who says Pepey? It's Pehpeh.
Look, Trump biopic is at 13:00!
God save Nekotchia.
[Madoka](/s "Hitomi, probably.")
[Uiiiii](#yuitears)
And the ñero, our national chav.
Nah, what's this girl's name? Bella Thorne, she snapped a pic of her nipples piercing through a see-through.
Oh, man, I hope 4chan brigaded it.
For such an upbeat opening g there's only like 1 funny episode.
IDK, [Angel Beats!](/s "The 2nd episode and the thurd-to-last, I think, those were pretty hard.")
Callejón.
Jet fuel can't melt cancer causes?
SaitamaxCrimson Chin. RIP Crash Nebula.
No wonders, he's a banker, not a doctor.
À la Bastille!
That deathflag. I don't think Ymir was that spoilerish, I get the feeling Wit! tried to pass Ymir's group as a faction of the wall church and the police some kind of local force. What doesn't make much sense without knowing the manga is the people turning into titans, I guess it could be taken as a rogue faction inside the police corps?
It's also Higuain first match against Madrid after getting sold, I think.
Drink once Everytime the camera points at Ronaldo doing faces.
Man, Juve is crumbling, Allegri needs to put the team back on the field.
Jesús, Cuadrado out now.
Like half of Bleach cast's bankais.
Monaka has no brothers, parents, or children. Monaka is Monaka, one and only, across every universe.
SAO didn't even come to my country. :(
Guy should have probably seen Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Samurai Cop 2!
IDK, I've seen some to whom Satan removes that trait.
Putain, un anglais!
TIL JoJo has girls. I thought it was only manly sparky men.
Heh, Chloe appears as a character from Prisma Illya except it actually says Lllya (lllya).
Oh, shit, I forgot about Diana's disease! It all makes sense now. So Akko is just going through what Diana did and that's why we see her slowly improve.
It's like those nuggets made of ^%5 real chicken.
Must be frustrating to fight both Wold Wars against basically shield terminators.
Arms wrestling!
Or NGE.
Man, Prisma Illya was full of rape kisses.
Man, Okazaki was lucky then.
Just in time for season 3.
Yeah, basically among friends or relatives, or group activities. My sister's boyfriend is her highschool's sweetheart, my dad met my mom because my mom was friends with his sister. My friend met her bf through a UN model. Concerts would work too, I tend to meet great people in queues. A relative is dating her co-worker. Tinder is getting more popular, so maybe that's an option, although you should be wary about the people you meet there.
I've been trying to get better with chopsticks but I still find it hard to keep them aligned.
"Wait, officer, she's actually 18, I swear."
On the other hand I swear it's impossible to remove contacts as smoothly as Lelouch.
I hope it doesn't.
It smells even worst now.
This is just the elimination round, she won't necessarily have to go against any of them.
In this bus system the screw goes both ways so they all can be used as entrances or exits. She just tried to go first, wasn't paying much attention. Source: Been in Bogotá, which is the city that has this bus system and logos.
It's quite odd that Disney has not yet released it's, with all the movies it has.
I think this match will be key to show the rebels that they have to cooperate to be the higher seats.
ELI5 The one about the Clinton campaign? Was he afraid the FBI would present the emails investigation as less important than it was?
Back pain: the anime.
Shrek taught me you need to kiss women to turn them into ogres... Wait.
Jesus, why am I getting turned on by this? Back when I started normal penis-in-vagina porn was enough to turn me on.
This bothers me so much and it's something I also always think about when the male pill discussion appears. Condoms aren't just to avoid babies. We need the pill but condoms will remain valuable.
Tokyo Ghoul? Normie. ^^^^^/s
Karma gave him all the vaccines.
Totally, best Christmas cake and best imouto won't participate.
&gt; Fuck Shinji. That works so well for so many anime. I'm glad you liked it, I played the VN and UBW was my favourite route. So much food, though. F/Z is better in action, that's right. About **Gakkougurashi**, I finished it relatively fast. It was quite entertaining. I enjoy zombie plots a lot and this anime was interesting, even though in some episodes it focused more of Yuki and less on the environment. That led to some really good episodes, and others a bit more dull. I think they exaggerated with her intelligence, I enjoy the somewhat dumb but innocent girl but it was frustrating at points. [Gakkougurashi](/s "I think the best episode was the Megu one, which was even better because I started to link previous scenes to that big reveal, like Megu getting ignored.") [Gakkougurashi](/s "The ending had that interesting plot of Yuki's mind guiding her towards the solution. The idea that zombies still behave how they did before was something that surprised at first. The ending had a little "deus ex machina" feeling to it, though, with the miraculous antidote.") All things considered, I gave it a 7/10. Thanks for the contract!
The movie looks very cool. I hope the characters will spend a good amount of time in the jungle, like in that scene where Black Panther drops onto the gunmen. One thing's sure, Marvel casts all the best actors available: Michael B. Jordan, Andy Serkis, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira. Also, how long until Andrew Scott shows up? Marvel is snatching the Sherlock cast.
What's coming for 2018? Panther, Infinity and Cpt. Marvel? Or do you mean the animated Spidey?
Oh, yeah, I had forgotten about Ant-man. Thanks.
Praise Jump's infinite cash.
MinetaxTsuyu is the ultimate couple.
Does that counts as a kiss?
"There are different times of intelligence." "I just don't feel challenged."
I really want to see the grown ups fight in Boruto, like the kids facing some dangerous battles and right when they're about to lose the old group shows up.
Yeah, at first I thought it was a broken PS2 controller but the comment about the map being GTA IV made it odd, a bit like how different Los Santos is in V in comparison to SA. EDIT: I just noticed the central button, too.
/r/OneTrueIndex
No Kendrick Lamar God of every song ever sung?
Sometimes I feel that way about TD.
Heh, Umaru qualified. Maybe people is now seeing her best girleness. Also, [Hibike! Euphonium](/s "does Yoshikawa improve in the second season? She's kind of an asshole in the first one.")
I think some manga volumes actually have recaps, sometimes the color of the paper is darker to mark it. Chapters, though, that would be frustrating.
Diana is certainly the bestest of them all. Wonder what effects shattering the moon had. Guess the next couple episodes will be the final battle, which makes me sad. [](#akkotears)
That explains why I hadn't seen anyone call for pics of the cat.
Budokia 3 or Budokai Tenkaichi 3? Because God knows I was never able to get a hold of the controls for Budokai, specially loading ki. I liked that the story mode was done through characters, so like choosing Goku meant that you would fight first every Goku battle up til Buu, then picking Vegeta and starting back the game, etc.
I have no problems to see Bill Belichik with blue paint as a guardian.
From where is that logo that looks like a guitar pick with stripes?
Who else is going to upload the torrent?
Then wonder who they'll end up getting, since Bacca isn't liked.
Thank you and /u/SuTvVoO, I love K-On!, guess I just forgot it.
It has an 86% score on RT, it just didn't work with the original fanbase. I loved Into Darkness, though.
Time to hire Domenech back!
The Holy Blob hurts my eyes.
And toxic fallout always lasts the whole season while my colonists have nothing to do but eat like pigs!
Ouch, I had mine in 2014, it was so bothersome to be solving math problems knowing I was missing games.
Shino "iron-balls" Aburame, he basically held his ground against the government.
&gt; Falls for the resolution meme.
Financing another Kickstarter and God awful ports.
I fancy Bob Green wouldn't be opposed on joining.
Shame Grenier became so prone to injuries.
How has his season been?
It's the fine they got a while ago. It just destroyed the finances.
Or, you know, diversify the economy instead of importing everything.
Wait, is Batman nicer than Ezzio or Altair? And what if the Dragonborn puts all the exp. on stealth? Or if Jason murders the campers? Is he nice?
The Mooooooooooooooooooooooi!
N°4: Argentina is Europe confirmed.
Not enough HD.
[Madoka spoilers](/s "Mio has a fan club, Sayaka gets dumped by random guy even after devoting her time and soul.") Kek.
What are some easy ways to increase pagan moral authority? The Catholics burnt the tree and now it's barely 30%.
I don't know if it is unpopular here but I don't mind that Scarlett Johansson was chosen to be Major.
Oh, same, also because I feel weird being on the computer all day and my family being aware of that, it much easier to just binge at night.
Mbappé swap confirmed.
And she never gets to Westeros.
Oh, that's Rupert Grint. I thought it was Thom Yorke at first look.
And Morata. The Super Cup is going to be sooooo boring.
It's the 8D chess. Ronaldo goes to United, De Gea to Milan, Donarumma to Juve, Cuadrado to Monaco, Mbappé to Chelsea, Conte to PSG, Veratti to Barça, Neymar to Madrid.
Great news! I personally found the next arc to be a bit boring but if the season is 2 cours then it's gonna be great. Full adaptation for 2019?
I had a Buzz with extendable wings, and my cousin had Zork, but a kid stole it from me when I was 5. Shitty kid.
[Fate/Zero](/s "is an asshole to dads... and Kariya, who's best adoptive dad.")
Wait, is she saying that hetero should be open to dating homosexuals? That makes no sense whatsoever.
I thought the power levels had gone off the window when Freezer was able to contain the god energy so it was great to see Beerus just blow it away. Freezer is a sneaky bastard.
Yeah, I love Desho Desho but this one is more upbeat.
Oh oh oh oh Yeah Yeah! Oh oh oh oh Yeah Yeah!
The LWA is exactly how I've been feeling this second part.
[Boruto](http://i.imgur.com/lPUmWfB.png). I expected it to retell the movie but it ended up being much more fun.
Maybe because by burning a book you're targeting a whole religion. It would be like if people, apart from Muslims, marched against the guy that burnt the book, or if they matched against ISIS after the attacks.
To check for racist tattoos, of course.
Yeah, but how many Emirates cups do either of them have?
Wonder who will face Buffon more.
I guess British structured won't be a problem anymore.
To be hurt! To feel lost! To be left out in the dark! To be on the edge of breaking down, with no one there to save you! No, you don't know what it's like ^^^^mom, Welcome to my life.
This one was tough, I felt bad voting against Diana and Akatsuki but Rin and Yui are just to much. EDIT: Azusa V. Ryuko is going to be fun.
I bet Trump has not seen the bill once and only got a briefing to say "it was mean". This is all on the Republican leadership.
Hopefully the company that runs my city's buses will check this out.
This made frogs gay.
I really hope the album is coming its way.
The lack of parentheses hurt my head.
I'm all for these slice of life episodes, I think it was cute to see the whole family and Mitsuki having dinner. Also, that headpat. That preview makes me excited for the next episode.
*Itachi gave Naruto the Susanoo sword.* #NOPE, ANTI-SASUKE MEASURE THAT ENDED UP FLIPPING ITACHI.
That one was so odd: "Sup, I know I have made your life suck multiple times but anyways, happy wedding!"
I always say I'm going to drop House of Cards but end up returning because "maybe this time Underwood will get fucked".
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1520 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/19321)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9511 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/11976)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1241 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/51525)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6554 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/97697)
