Decoration, conversation piece, something shorter than a bat to hold on to while I'm watching baseball games.
Candy.
9-5 sounds like a vacation based on the hours most people work.
Yeah, I'm usually a little closer to 7-6:30, but when you mix in the commute, it's 6-7:30. I think it's adorable when people bitch about the "9-5 grind". Usually it's kids who have never had a real job.
Yep, they take their time, but totally worth it. I also have this exact model, in the weathered version, with the blue blade. [So dope.](http://i.imgur.com/q48LQfq.jpg)
3 for 3 so far.
Whoa, that's some serious edge. I bet you have a trollface sticker on your car.
Or just look at the print preview and if the 2nd page is like this, tell it to only print the first page.
Permitting me to groan out loud is at my disposal.
&gt;though that is not to say that they wont be referenced anyways Exactly, so why are people getting upset about stuff that STILL might end up as canon?
I'm one of the biggest SW fans I know, but whether or not Darth Bane is canon affects my life in exactly zero ways.
I guess I need to start reading these. I love how they use the red borders to denote flashbacks.
Apparently all it takes to make not-Boba Fett is to mix in a splash of Rocketeer.
Make sure to come back and tell us what you think!
His shit is delightful. I have the "Be Still!" print framed on my wall, it's so good. edit: a quick perusal tells me it may not be available any more. [Here](http://shirtoid.com/37034/till-luke-said-be-still-and-tamed-them-with-the-old-mind-trick/) is a t-shirt version.
I may. I'm currently working on a [Gray Jedi](http://imgur.com/a/ub5KQ) costume for halloween.
Little fuckers have more job security than most of us.
That would be "carpe carne". This is clearly a butcher advertising his meat of the day.
Why? It's literally all the same comments EVERY time someone posts an ocelot.
/r/atheismcirclejerk is leaking.
I thought that once, too.
When the fuck did anyone say we should stop trying to prevent any of this?
Yes, and it's glorious. There's a roku app as well, and you can share your server with friends.
I bet it looks extra crispy in the dark.
Personally, I only downvoted him because he was crying about downvotes.
Good, that's the point. Maybe he'll think twice about being an ass next time.
James Shields made it for the locker room wall.
Now you know who the good guys are.
Hold tight guys, I'll call 9
If that doesn't get you front page, I'm all out of ideas.
You're really on a mission with this girl's tattoo, huh? Is it karma your after, or is it something personal against her? I mean, it's not great, but not bad enough to warrant multiple posts.
Your got me, I was typing quickly. As your can see by the first word in my post, I clearly am an idiot who should be called out. Your have done a great service to all of us today.
Because god forbid he just replies this image to the comment asking for a cleaned up version.
[Relevant.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37dBq_4TsZI)
I don't know either of you, I just didn't see how it warranted 2 separate posts. But downvote away, I don't mind.
Why are you here?
Top shelf, brother.
Oh, shut the fuck up, just one time.
"Are we awake?" "That depends, are we....black?" "Yep." "Then we're awake, but we're verrrry confused."
There's a big one on University just south of the UNM baseball field.
[You idiots!!!](http://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l6xyg2FfJT1qzhiqwo2_1280.png)
"Fans."
You can definitely be both.
It's so gangster, and it's a shame that they took that away from him. Not to mention the revision just looks like shit.
Clones also had Pre Viszla's cool black saber/sword thing.
It hasn't been "thrown out" per se, it's just not canon until it becomes so. There's a ton of material for them to draw from, and at some point, it's inevitable that Legends stuff becomes canon with the new stuff coming out.
Wow, way to make a new fan feel welcome.
Have you ever pissed on the same spot of grass over a long period of time? It has the opposite effect.
Don't forget being able to buy a house on a 9-5 job that you got with no degree.
OP, you know other things besides shirts can be plaid, right?
Oh, those glorious Rivers/Cutler years...
TIL that if you know your own IQ, I automatically think you're a pretentious douchebag.
All that, plus how beautiful is that jersey? :D
Torn mcl, which means no lateral movement, which was so much of his game.
If the person or ball goes out of frame at any point in this type of video, I will assume it's fake.
The 'oh-knee-ders'???
Remember that time he was running with the ball up the right sideline, sees a guy coming up at an angle behind him, and literally turned around to hit the guy before continuing on? One of the funniest things I've ever seen.
I remember a stretch where was picking up 3-4 TDs a game. Just sick.
k
That's the only way to go through life. It's like assuming people like pizza. Sure, I guess some people might not, but that's just weird.
Someone spent a lot of time in front of their computer making that instead of playing kickball.
Yeah, I don't mind it as long as I don't actually have to delete the text in order to type in my own.
Maybe he did, and that was the response. Ever think of that?
Somebody please do this.
I liked it.
He sounds cool as hell, too. https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/37m40a/eagles_oline_ranked_1st_overall_by_pro_football/cro2csg?context=3
I'm clicking through that album, thinking "I hope the top comment is a gif of this", and I still wasted all that time anyway.
I will absolutely pay [these guys](http://www.mtv.com/crop-images/2013/08/19/LAGuns_cr_Paul%20Natkin_1990.jpg) for my internet service.
He is technically correct though. Kanji = Chinese Characters.
Because he's drunk, that's why his painting is so bad.
Same time as Game of Thrones. 😢
I'm an idiot, don't mind me.
Just what I suspected, raspberry!
We don't even know if anyone is being unreasonable. He is/was(?) the highest paid safety in the league, and this is a negotiation.
First person with a gif of that kid chanting BEAT LA gets instant top post on /r/baseball.
Thought I covered that with my "I'm an idiot" comment, but thanks for chiming in.
Well, Bochy did, so that must mean that every manager that gets fired from here on out will.
FUCKIN' BUKOWSKI WAS RIGHT!!!!
Topical.
Also, it's different enough from the original that they're probably safe.
Your username is a goddamn lie.
I like to support my local infrastructure and school systems, fuck me right?
I think it's Turkish.
As far as subject matter goes, it's probably a Bob's Burgers reference.
As far as restaurants and such, it depends on where you live. I'm downtown, and between where I live and Nob Hill, it's almost all Mom &amp; Pop/Independent places.
That sounds like an interesting new dimension.
Cool, stay off my roads then, if you don't want to pay for them. And hope your house doesn't catch fire, or anything requiring you to use any type of public service.
Thanks, I like to bring it out for guests from time to time.
He has a new special on Netflix, but I wouldn't exactly call it comedy.
I think this is a really nice sentiment, actually.
Oh man, I would lose my mind if they did a Super Metroid-style throwback.
Also, if you make it easy to separate the keys, the customer WILL lose one of them, and these days, those are ~$400 keys.
Wong is a Chinese name, not Japanese. Up your racism game, bro!!!
Ok, but we're talking about a customer losing a $400 key and getting them to pay for it.
Well, they'll lose a fan in me the second they announce a move, and I'm betting I won't be the only one.
We charged the customer what we paid the dealership for the cost to replace and reprogram the key, which was usually in the neighborhood of $400. But this was about 7 years ago, so I don't know what they charge now.
My company made $0 on lost keys, we charged cost. But even recovering that from some renters was like pulling teeth.
I told my buddies that I'll go into free agency. Everyone gets equal time to try to sell me on their team. If anyone can persuade me, they get me on their bandwagon. Two of my best friends are Donk and Cowboy fans. I told them they're not automatically DQ'd, but they're certainly starting out at a disadvantage.
All good, most people wouldn't. But it's easier to rile people up by saying "OMG, DAE rental car companies charge double for everything?!?"
Ok, if you have that great a need to be pedantic, [here's](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jimhenry/2014/12/31/new-year-resolution-for-2015-do-not-lose-car-keys/) an article from Forbes.com from 6 months ago.
Not in front of my friends, dad.
Fucking BORING!
He wouldn't have wanted it, I believe he said as much when he was at SDSU.
"Hey bro, want me to get past this level for you?"
I, for one, believe that you can get better if you stop being a societal puppet.
I have a buddy with the same name as me. Our greetings slowly evolved into: I nod, "Doctor". He nods back, "Doctor".
Which is mentioned in the article.
This might be better suited and more appropriate for a PM.
There was a whole big thread recently on an article questioning whether this meets the criteria for a federal crime. This article is in response to that, I'd say it's relevant.
It's a restaurant. They have a menu. If you want a different menu, go to a different restaurant or start your own.
Short answer is that it's enjoyable. Just got to be not worth the hassle for me, so I gave it up.
In related news, I hereby order Verizon to give me $100k.
Reddit didn't like my snarky version of this comment, but this is my question as well.
Yeah, I'm planning on buying a house in the next couple of years, and I'm installing several dropcams as soon as I do. They're too cheap not to use.
A lot of houses in my area do not have driveways.
Nobody's getting mad. They're saying "good, they should".
And then he goes out and hits a bomb. What a stud.
ELIARF
Goddamn cager.
It's ok, I've seen The League.
Well in that case, I hate to rob him of the obnoxious back and forth that happens every time someone posts a picture of two car rental keys on the same ring. As you were.
Mine took an extra 3 weeks or so on top of the estimate, but once it arrived, it was well worth it.
You didn't address the part about "what if they were friends/relatives, or had a good reason?" That's the thing about killing someone; if you were wrong, you don't get to take it back.
Cool, next time someone sees you speeding, maybe they put a bullet in your head.
[This](http://www.kvue.com/story/news/local/2015/01/05/police-respond-to-shooting-in-south-austin/21278223/) is an example that's pretty sad. I totally get what you're saying, and I understand the legal justification, it's just a bummer. No easy answers for this stuff.
This sounds pretty spot on to me. It's a tricky situation, and I certainly don't have any answers. Like I said elsewhere, mostly for me it just boils down to "can we try not to kill other people unless it's absolutely necessary?"
I. Did. Read. The. Article. I'm. Posing. A. Hypothetical. Question. Illustrating. Why. I'm. Of. The. Opinion. That. We. Shouldn't. Kill. People. Unless. It's. Absolutely. Necessary.
Very interesting points. Thank you.
This is exactly the conversation we should be having.
That's kind of what I'm getting at. There's got to be a middle ground, right? When you kill someone, you take away all of that. There are absolutely situations where I'd put a bullet in someone, I'm just trying to have the conversation about where we draw that line.
The Mist?
I don't live in SD any more, but for me it mostly boils down to the fact that I can't bring myself to root for an LA team.
I figured she was working on a Deadpool cosplay.
Except that they can actually lick their balls.
Hell, Texas will execute retarded people, he got off light if you think about it.
Yeah, I would hit that without hesitation.
I just subscribed the other day, it's interesting to me.
Is it on [this](http://www.curbsideclassic.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/CC-154-047-800.jpg) car?
I'm old, I don't know what the kids have been up to for quite a while.
Just trying to be edgy is my guess.
&gt;And she said, directly to your face Well, to her phone's face.
Welcome to life, where funny is funny.
That's a George Carlin joke.
[Eduardo Salinas?](http://eduardosalinas.artelista.com/en/)
"I bought a full-size Sherman tank, it's not my fault there aren't spaces big enough for it!"
Are you REALLY rolling around on the floor because you're laughing so hard?
I thought that was Lupus.
I think the second one is supposed to be "irie", reflecting the artist's state of mind.
Care to elaborate? The only Bethesda title I've preordered and played at launch was Skyrim, and I had zero issues.
Can you download the physical extras that come with some of these?
Belinda Carlisle wrote a song about it.
http://i.ytimg.com/vi/jBOMlWl7fFk/maxresdefault.jpg
He said "everything WRONG with".
The only people bitching are the ones telling me how to spend my money. But hey, whatever it takes to make you feel superior...
He's just a fluffer, that's why he only knows what their precum tastes like.
&gt; I really don't care whether or not you all preorder games Why are we talking about it then?
Not trying to be a dick, but are we ignoring rule #1 now? edit: downvote me all you want, but it's a legitimate question.
Oh, that was sarcasm, but don't worry, I'm judging the shit out of you too, because of how much you care. If you can find a single instance of me bitching about a game I preordered in this thread, feel free to show me. Til then, I'll just leave this for you one last time. ;) &gt;I really don't care whether or not you all preorder games
lol, k.
What kind of medical condition does this guy have that sweat OOZES out of his pores?
I was picturing [this.](http://i.imgur.com/L1bHxrV.gifv)
It's ok to call someone a Mexican, but not a nigger? What has the world come to?
But the graphic told you not to! Now I don't know what I can and can't do.
Alternatively, I could make decisions for myself and not rely on a hastily put together graphic to tell me what to do with my own money.
&gt;Just don't bitch I have not, and will continue not to. That doesn't stop people like you from jumping on every comment saying "you'll be back bitching if the game is broken." No, I won't. You will, though.
That's bullshit. Give me the big slice with extra toppings.
I feel like she takes my abuse in stride. I make sure to thank her a lot too, so maybe that helps.
This has got to be literally the most posted image on this sub, right? I'm not one to scream "repost", but jesus, I can't go 3 days without seeing this.
You know that's not real, right?
But why would I WANT to believe a jinx is real? I'd rather be content in the knowledge that nothing I wear, do, or say has any impact on whether my team wins or loses.
I didn't say he was any of those things. I said he was lazy.
I've been shaving my head with a razor for years and have never had that happen, that sounds pretty shitty.
&gt;wArch FTFY
Oh, I get it.
Sometimes a donut is just a donut.
Or, you know, let people do it however will make them happiest. They're not you.
Also, I feel like down the line, it'll be total gay street cred to have June 26th as your anniversary date.
Haha, look at the small dick loser on the left!
If you don't like it, why do you have that queer rainbow flair next to your name? You're just as bad as the gays.
That bayonet looked loaded.
For what it's worth, I really hate Rush.
Your opinion and thoughts on what you would do are 100% valid. However, in the first sentence of your post, you said they were making a mistake and said "don't rush out and do it right now just because you can" You're telling people what to do, and that's why you're getting downvoted.
I sincerely hope he frames this photo and hangs it up where his degree would normally go.
As a straight SINGLE guy, I especially can't wait.
I can't tell if this is sarcasm or not, but in case it's not: Some people get married for themselves, not for other people. Some people like big weddings, some prefer to elope. Some might think it would be cool for their anniversary to be a landmark day in history for equal rights. It's almost like everyone is different.
I don't understand the comment. Implying that people don't go to comic book stores? Every time I've been in one, they've been pretty busy.
Including /u/RedditIsCringeWorthy, or he would have just skipped the post.
I THINK HE WAS MAKING A JOKE AND IT WENT OVER EVERYONE'S HEAD!!!!
Man, being gay sounds AWESOME.
HBO Now is available on Sling TV, via Roku. I've been using it for months now. http://www.cnet.com/how-to/watch-hbo-now-on-android-and-roku-right-now/
Witten, but no Gates? Too early to tell for Gronk. If he continues on his path, he'll be a first ballot guy.
If I didn't have Internet access, I would promptly be fired from my job. Period.
We can dance...
Replace television with telephone &amp; electricity.
Are you having a bad day or something?
Fantastic, thanks.
HDR aside, one thing I can tell you are, is an asshole.
I told them not to, but I can't guarantee their instincts won't kick in.
Subject matter aside, this isn't too terrible.
Your username is clearly racist, it's making fun of how those rap guys spell stuff.
I always love the bonus cringe when OP talks about how he's going to post it on reddit.
*lawyer. I'm definitely a loser.
I'm standing here, with my DORK in my hand!
They also gave the guy on the right an entirely new jawline.
In the words of the late, great Greg Giraldo, "that's so disrespectful to do to a German woman. Everyone knows you gotta take a little shit on 'em first".
Where could he be?
DAE Stormtroopers always miss?!?
How do I explain buttplugs to my kids?
It looks cussin' awesome.
Pack 'em up, boys, case closed.
Obviously everyone might not love it as much as he does, but the fact that TFA has made $30mil more domestically in less than two weeks than Titanic made during its entire run shows that it's not exactly a fluke.
Dude, you seem to be inferring QUITE a bit from the single sentence I typed. Nobody is saying Titanic wasn't stupendously popular. All I'm saying is that Star Wars has made more money. I know, the halcyon days of 1997 were a golden time, when a cup of coffee cost a nickel and you could buy a brand new Model T for $300, but I'm not sure what you're telling me that "I'm not wanting to hear". Is SW a narrower demographic than Titanic? Absolutely! But that basically means what you're saying is "fewer people are seeing SW, but they're seeing it more times than people saw Titanic". All of that adds up to my simple statement, which was that SW has made more money in less than two weeks than Titanic made in 10 months. Those are simple facts, I'm sorry you don't want to hear them. edit: also, if you want to talk about different times, ticket prices, inflation, etc., the number 1 grossing film of all time is [Gone With the Wind](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/alltime/adjusted.htm). Star Wars Ep.IV is #2, and Star Wars has a total of 5 films in the top 25 of all time adjusted. Sorry for the facts.
&gt;Call me when it happens. [It already happened.](http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/01/03/star-wars-the-force-awakens-just-beat-titanic-at-the-box-office)
We got Major League'd for sure.
move the hyphen and it's a rich ass-dick.
You're leaving out the part where they IR'd him against his wishes, then told him there was no room on the plane to the final game in Denver for IR players. The next day he was sprinting in front of the media in practice.
We have lots of talent at skill positions, but both lines are a mess.
How is that "stealy"? His employer paid him to design software, and he did it. They now own it. That's how it works everywhere.
DO YOU NEED ME TO CALL YOU A DOCTOR???
Weddle wanted a big new contract, and both he and the Chargers were acting like babies about it all season.
No question I'd be a bronco fan if he went there.
Done.
Unless they stay in SD with a new stadium that the Chargers pay for, I think I'm be done. I don't think I can forgive the organization for anything that's gone down recently. Maybe I'll be a Browns fan. That Billy Football guy sounds pretty fun.
I just went back to re-read this, and they disabled comments on the article. Ha.
The reason people are leaving the Chargers bandwagon is that, stay or go, we have an organization that shits on its players and fans every chance it gets, and people are fed up and leaving. More power to them.
Really? It's often that people "lose their shit because they were so scared of the sound and tempo" of your gait? Are these the same people that get totally freaked out at the library when someone reads a 450 page book in less than 100 minutes? Or is it possible that when you walk like that people are just trying to move out of the way because it sounds like you're storming around the corner at full speed and going to bump in to them?
Oh man, this is gold. Tell me more!
Goddammit, you're right. Also QUIK.
[Respect.](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11121/111213005/4796464-5308377570-45554.gif)
TRAITOR!!
Doesn't she tell him to report to her office or something? I took as Finn bouncing out on the way to reconditioning.
You got a c-note, hoe? you can take the test.
I think the act of killing his father didn't have the desired effect of increasing his dark side power, and instead he was weakened, which is why he was pounding his wound to dry to draw on the dark side. He pounded his injury, flung Rey against the tree, then has to rely on lightsaber combat.
I chuckled.
This little piece of passive aggression is SURE to do the trick. edit: you created an account for the sole purpose of posting this shit? Jesus Christ.
&gt;“I think it’s important we’ve had a generation of young people grow up without a team to root for. Hopefully we’re going to change that.” Yep, you're going to take away teams from existing fans so EVERYONE gets to see what it's like to not have a team to root for.
Absolutely. I'm not rooting for the LA fucking Chargers. I'd rather they trade Rivers to Denver and be goddamn donkey fan.
Nobody else will EVER understand this. They'll just trash our fanbase when they see opposing fans in our seats.
Have you ever driven from SD to LA? In the 3-5 hours it takes to make the drive, you don't drive through a single block of undeveloped land.
I'm out. I might not stick around even if we stay in SD. I can't support a piece of shit owner who fucks over his players, fanbase, and city any chance he gets. Dean Spanos can go fuck himself.
It's working. I'm almost out.
It's to point out how, like google maps here has an x-wing for a marker, they're doing something similar in China, where a lot of people think there's not going be a demand for the film. I think that was pretty clear.
I thought this the first time I saw it. 2nd time was MUCH better, and I had no problems with the 3rd. I think it depends on the theater.
I like both, but yeah, when he's sitting in front of Vader's helmet, he looks so damn cool.
Yep. 😢
Some say he's a nowhere nothin' fuckup.
No, he's right. I would absolutely become a Raider fan out of spite.
I don't live in SD either, but the Chargers will be dead to me if they move. I'm not rooting for an LA team.
I'd say Paul F. Tompkins.
Taking a page out the Chargers' playbook.
&gt;Say what you want and what you will do, but you and I both know that you will get over whatever happens, and return to your normal football season life quickly in the future. Thanks for telling me what I will and won't do.
NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
I don't think the NFL will let that happen. Beyond that, I have no idea.
What an absolute piece of shit.
&gt; Even if the Chargers were to stay, I really don't know if I even want to support them. They filed for relocation. That part is done. Whether they stay or go now, they wanted to go. That's kinda what matters. This is where I'm at. I might be done with this team no matter what, and that's a real fucking bummer.
M'exican
Yes
No realli
It's worked on me.
Even still, he's on my shit list. Unless he pays for a new stadium in SD with his own money, I'm done with this organization.
I just wanted to know. Now it's more wait and see bullshittery. I don't know what to do.
[Jesus.](https://media.giphy.com/media/v0eHX3n28wvoQ/giphy.gif)
&gt; And I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do. Michael Scott Darth_Banal
He seems fun.
Welcome to neck and back problems for the rest of your life.
Don't bother. I saw in another of his comments that he's 19. Unless you like slapfighting with infant children, you're wasting your time.
&gt;we tried the megga thread that nobody used to post their links in So the moderators just weren't doing their jobs? If you have a mega-thread, you should be deleting other posts, not just shrugging your shoulders and saying "oh well, nothing to be done about it".
That's not a funny joke. Whether everyone else does or not, a lot of people care a lot about the San Diego Chargers. I'm personally not a fan of Robin Williams, but when he died, I didn't go around shouting, "HAHA, ROBIN WILLIAMS IS DEAD!!!", because I'm not an asshole.
To be fair, his brother is our DC.
Nash Windrider?
No doubt.
Oh shit, look out, this guy makes $11/hr!
Mine was top notch.
Luckily this is an easy fix to just make the crossbar go all the way through.
Hopefully you're not also an asshole who makes all your neighbors listen to your shit.
Right, that infant child is SUPER into the MCU. Totes adorbs.
I'm sure they're all hilarious and super-edgy.
I pinched a nerve watching that gif.
But taking photos still ok. Copy that.
No, but it's gross. Better to stay away.
You just come up with that joke all by yourself? Clever, first I've seen it.
He's not going to be jedi. The film is about the x-wing squadron that steals the plans to the first death star, so he'll probably be a soldier/pilot. [Based on this, maybe a blind badass with a bo staff?](http://cdn.idigitaltimes.com/sites/idigitaltimes.com/files/2016/01/06/star-wars-rogue-one.jpg) I believe Vader might be in it, but I'm pretty sure they said no jedi. It'll be more of a gritty war film, more likely.
And then look at the other people in the street. Not there for both of them.
Lucasfilm is the whole shebang. Box office, merchandising. Everything Star Wars is Lucasfilm.
This is certainly constructive.
But then the douchebag above you wouldn't be able to comment and let everyone know that he's a PC Master Race jagoff and can't be bothered to know about XBox stuff.
With?
Sounds perfectly cromulent to me.
Stupid sexy Anakin.
I used to fuck guys like you in prison.
Pretty sure I've seen this before, I don't think OP can help you.
Snuffles was my slave name.
It's a cool-looking decorative tree, what's there to get? Or did you just need to point out that you're on a different level than the masses?
I see you've played titty-phoney before.
/r/im14andgoimgtohellforthis
I've done plenty of travelling, I never once said this was impossible, ~~this guy literally IS a trust fund baby~~, and the downvote isn't a "disagree" button.
Dude is just bitter that he drives a Nissan versa.
Happy to be corrected, cheers.
She's the worst.
Sugars in Austin is great, or at least was 15 years ago.
Snuffles was my slave name.
The brits invented the word soccer, you dumb fuck.
Super Metroid got mine.
England invents the word soccer then talks shit to America when they use it. Typical.
England INVENTED the term soccer, check your history.
&gt; asSOCiation football Which was shortened to 'soccer' in England in the 1800's. 'Football' was a generic term that referred to many sports, and 'soccer' meant the sport that you're talking about now. It wasn't until the 70's or 80's that 'soccer' fell out of favor.
No worries, there's just a lot of "you stupid Americans calling it soccer" in this thread, thought I'd put that out there.
I doubt that.
It's ok, maybe you could try for a Titans cheerleader?
As long as there are Catholics, and a St. Peter, there will always be kids named Peter. Your comment was the first time in probably 10 years I've heard someone relate that name to a penis. How old are you?
I just involuntarily said "oh no, dude...".
This is great, but if you're going to go to all the trouble to put Kylo in there, why not make his gun a DL-44?
This is great, but mostly it made me think of Spies Like Us.
Your source has nothing to do with "quality of food", it's about their antibiotics policy. Jackass.
This is why we can't have nice things.
I know corgis have big ears, and I know everyone always comments on them, but my god.
She was awful in Furious 7.
You can just downvote me for merely stating a possibility like the others.
Yeah, that'll get you shot in a whole lot of places.
Thanks for the words.
The real cringe is that this was posted to "Teen Wolf Fanatics".
This picture is older than the internet.
Pretty sure it's a Pembroke Welsh.
Have you seen him without his mask? I heard his face was the best.
The bacon flavored stuff on wheat thins is ambrosia.
You dropped your fake dog poop.
Sounds like you're the one making it weird.
That only happened once.
5 is right out.
To be fair, after having him on our team, godDAMMIT Donald.
Don't even need that to be the Chargers team doctor.
I like this way of looking at it.
I would absolutely do a yearly Vegas/NFL game road trip, this is my new favorite idea.
I read the other day that someone in the legislature was trying to pass a state constitutional amendment that would prevent Susana from being able to veto. I'm not holding my breath, but baby steps I guess.
I recently read Lords of the Sith, if they can translate that type of fear and dread into this film, it's going to be so much fun.
I've seen near universal love for the character, you know how it is on the internet though, with the vocal few.
Beads?
The downvotes are because of the complete lack of anything that adds to the discussion. "He's a bitch" doesn't contribute anything.
DAE Boba Fett is overrated???
I really enjoyed both of them, can't go wrong either way.
I'd think so too. RIP revenue from SD for the 2016 season if they stay for the last year after announcing they're moving.
Still might just be leverage against San Diego, but they're most likely gone.
Honestly, probably that there's an agreement in place, so San Diego better pony up some cash asap if they want to keep the Bolts. He'll use this as leverage, drag it out for another year, and then leave.
Look kids, Big Ben!
So the top says an all RED experience, then the bottom implies that the event is called MOULIN. Methinks someone saw Moulin Rouge and thought that Moulin meant red, but instead called their party "Windmill".
Oh good, another scolding. Thanks.
The word you're looking for is smarmy, not swarmy.
That's me. Don't like onions, period. But there's this shitty little hot dog joint near me that has the best onion rings I've ever had. Get them every time.
M'owner
you wet.
He's never been our best pitcher.
I thought that's what I heard.
Texas is the Reason didn't die for this.
[50%](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWtIDgu3Cm4). These guys were "emo" before a bunch of bands from a totally different scene and genre co-opted the term "emo". Don't get me started.
"I'm a melodramatic cunt and any woman who isn't is a hoe."
UNSUBSCRIBE
It's so good, and the best part about being a Padre fan is that you can use when either something good OR bad happens!
For me the lack of a "the" right before strippers ruins the joke. It just doesn't quite work without it.
I think all of these women are super funny and I like them in most of what they do. I think this movie looks like an unfunny piece of shit. Guess I'm sexist now? :(
Dope was one of my favorite movies in recent memory, this is great.
&gt;We are basically having a Tyler Perry, who has never had the success of Tyler Perry Just say it. Black. Because that's about the only thing he has in common with Tyler Perry.
My heart, for one.
This is my favorite Ali gif. If you want to sum up how many levels above everyone else he was, this is the one.
It's almost like everyone is different.
He's full of shit. An hour later he said he now lives in Chicago. &gt;This sounds like my exact experience with Austin. The whole 'keep Austin weird' thing felt like the kid in high school who was just trying so fucking hard to be cool that it felt contrived and kind of dumb. I loved the weather but man am I happier in Chicago
Shhh, we don't want anyone to catch on.
Mine is neither on DVD or Blu-Ray, but the Criterion edition of the Trainspotting laserdisc gets my vote.
I know that name from something he did in the early nineties. (i'm trying to come up with it on my own instead of looking it up) I want to say Catherine Keener was in it. Living in Oblivion?
Gets on base enough to be 5th in the majors in stolen bases.
When I make mine, I want to put the dish on a hinge so I can feed wood through the hole.
He's just mad that a few people pointed out that just because she's a girl, it doesn't mean that she automatically has good form.
Yeah, that totally sounds like it's worth the $4 to me. I'll add it to my list for when I get my Vive. edit: not sure if the downvote is because this came off as sarcastic, but I would 100% pay $4 for an app that lets me swing a lightsaber in VR. That's all you would have to call it - "Shitty $4 App That Doesn't Do Anything But Let You Swing A Lightsaber". SOLD!!!
Probably just a ripoff of [this.](https://pics.onsizzle.com/Facebook-92e2d9.png)
Why even bother blurring names at that point?
Thank god, the repost police are on the case! Thanks for attempting to save us all from content that there's a slight chance we might have already seen! This was new to me though, so you can stand down. At ease.
You seem upset. Need a hug?
You're absolutely right, and I'm gutted that you saw through my master plan to create an account, do nothing with it for 3 months, biding my time until the perfect comment comes along, then switch to my unused alternate account, and comment "lul". Thanks for calling me adorable though, it's little compliments like these that get me through the day. Cheers!
Anthropologists are pretty sure that humor was invented in Africa.
Bam, pizza'd!!!
&gt;They sit in their ***parents'*** upper middle class homes in american suburbia surrounded by everything they could ever need or want to live comfortably and they hide in their rooms all day long looking for things to bitch about on the internet. ftfy
I can only assume you left out a "/s".
Which will happen when the word dongers stops being funny. Which is never.
They would have nothing but pity for you.
The captions are birth year and the age they were in "after" photo. I don't think it was THAT confusing.
I have a '15 Dart GT that has been fantastic so far. Anything I should be keeping an eye out for?
Let's just say he's no longer a vigin.
Any repercussions for hitting a ~~girl~~ soldier in the US Military?
No, no. Trent Dilfer is clearly superior to Marino.
Hell, 24 year olds are children if you ask me.
That's what Mark Grant said on the air, that after talking to the Padres, he was sold. edit: SORRY ABOUT WHISPERING
He got better.
Everyone who downvoted you understood the point of your question. Why are you trying to make gender/sex the issue here?
Reported, then. I was just trying to answer his question that yes, Vader will be in it.
Nobody's mentioned how the married guy cheated on his wife yet.
He's in The Clone Wars quite a bit, too. The duel between him and Pre Vizsla is DOPE.
Bridger turning dark is pure speculation, there are no spoilers here.
And the bit about Ezra turning dark is only speculation.
Right, because white rednecks would never do anything like this.
How fucking dare they try to help out in their community.
Gonna need a source on that whole "refusing to serve gay people" thing.
&gt;Chik Fil A workers are the ones who should have been shot. Ok good, I was worried that you were going to be unreasonable.
I haven't missed anything. What I see is an organization that, despite its misguided beliefs (which I happen to disagree with), reached out to help its neighbors in a time of need. It would be nice if more people could look beyond their differences to help each other out from time to time.
Yarp.
Yeah, the show I'm working on starts its final episode a week from today, and we haven't even seen an outline, much less a script. So luxurious!
I mean, you can tell him not to strip, but I can't guarantee his instincts won't kick in.
It's true.
That was him being self-deprecating talking about his first workout with the team and how he knows he has a lot to learn.
He objectively didn't have a good season either. He was told at the start that they would get his deal done after the season because they had several to do, including Rivers. He and his agent made a stink, demanding that they renew his contact. He then gave minimal effort all year, having the worst year of his career, with his agent making snarky twitter comments the whole time. The whole thing about his daughter performing at halftime came about because he didn't bother informing the team he'd be watching her perform instead of being in the locker room. There was another player who let the team know ahead of time and it wasn't an issue. So yeah, we'll agree to disagree, but Eric could have handled this far better than he did.
My point is that if I'm going to trust a demo of a piece of software, I'd like to see it running on the actual hardware that it will be available for. I can watch a game trailer that looks amazing, but when I find out that the footage was obtained by running six GTX 980s at once, that footage means fuck-all to me. To your second point, Oculus hasn't even given a release date for Touch yet, so if they handle that rollout with anywhere near the same competency as everything else, you should expect to be playing with them (seated of course) sometime in 2018. Enjoy!
Dying of COPD is a social construct.
That's tragic. I bet by now they're All Out of Love.
/u/500500 /u/i-am-you /u/Werner__Herzog /u/2flock /u/agentlame /u/SpecialDonkey None of you responded to the other thread on this subject, does anyone want to address this? Also, /u/i-am-you is mocking all of us over on [/r/Oppression](https://www.reddit.com/r/Oppression/comments/4o974l/rvive_changes_name_to_rvirtual_reality_as_the/). Your mods, ladies and gentlemen.
He's a moderator of that sub as well. Quite a coincidence.
Sigh, *unzips*
Perfect, thanks! Unsubscribed.
Yeah, I just subscribed here and unsubscribed from /r/vive, thinking this would be a breath of fresh air. Nope, looks like it's just as bad.
/u/i-am-you [-1] hasn't been active on reddit in a month Not quite. A few hours ago he posted in /r/Oppression (another sub he mods), mocking everyone in this sub for being mad about the changes here.
&gt;So you got got plenty to bitch about ? Carry on Ok, if you insist. You're being a childish asshole. You may have created the sub, but you're clearly very out of touch with what people want from it, which is why I unsubscribed.
I used to live there. Had a buddy in HS that came from a very well to do family. As soon as he graduated, he moved to Austin to become a voluntarily homeless drag rat. I'm not going to apologize for not giving people like that money that I work 60 hours a week for.
[Between 2003 and 2014 in the US, 33 people were killed by lightning.](https://weather.com/storms/severe/news/united-states-lightning-deaths-2015) Last week in Orlando, 49 people were killed by a terrorist attack. Just FYI.
What's a pupper
&gt; So we're not going to talk about how that dog is using the human as a shield for the lava floor??
It might not be fine.
&gt;Well, until last week I would've been right. I mean, I guess if we're not counting 9/11. In seriousness though, I agree with the point you're making about fearmongering. Unless you're in an area that's very active with terrorist activity, worrying too much about this kind of thing is only going to give you an ulcer. Be aware, be responsible, and if your number's up, there's not much you can do about it.
Ben's Letters to Cleo tshirt that he wears from time to time is such a perfect little touch for his character.
It's bad rap. You know how if you get arrested the cops have a rap sheet on you? Well if you get unjustly busted for something you didn't do, it's a bad rap, or a bum rap.
The English language being what it is, almost anything can mean whatever you want, but [that's simply not what the term is. It's bum rap, or bad rap.](http://www.patrickkphillips.com/grammar/is-it-a-bad-rap-or-bad-rep/)
I'm generally very politically apathetic, but for the last several weeks, my favorite thing is to get home from work, smoke a bowl, and browse /r/politics to see what new crazy shit is going down. What a time to be alive.
I certainly do, but I don't see how that has any relevance.
Trump was asked if the stuff in that book was true, and he said "yeah, probably".
“Nobody has had worse things written about them than me,” Trump says. “And here I am. The stuff O’Donnell wrote about me is probably true. The guy’s a fucking loser. A fucking loser. I brought the guy in to work for me; it turns out he didn’t know that much about what he was doing. I think I met the guy two or three times total. And this guy goes off and writes a book about me, like he knows me!” Trump in Playboy, 1999
Everyone has different tastes.
There it is. Every time someone can't defend Trump, they deflect to Hillary. We get it, she sucks too, it doesn't make Trump any better.
How is it fine? All we've been talking about for weeks now is how she might get indicted and lose the nomination.
They both suck. It doesn't make Trump any less of a piece of shit.
&gt;I'll use ~~actual~~ anecdotal evidence.
I don't know, I thought it was kind of funny.
That ending was /r/Unexpected.
/r/iamverysmartandenglishisnotmyfirstlanguage
That's only if you remove yourself from the gene pool.
http://comicbook.com/starwars/2016/06/23/james-earl-jones-confirmed-as-voice-of-darth-vader-in-rogue-one-/
http://comicbook.com/starwars/2016/06/23/james-earl-jones-confirmed-as-voice-of-darth-vader-in-rogue-one-/
[Yes.](http://comicbook.com/starwars/2016/06/23/james-earl-jones-confirmed-as-voice-of-darth-vader-in-rogue-one-/)
&gt;fluent in Mandarin Knows ni hao, xie xie, zai jian
No less true. He was always going to be in it. You can argue semantics about when it was officially confirmed if you want.
All those Bothans died getting the intel on DSII, fyi. That was RotJ.
IT WOULD BE AWESOME IF THEY DIDN'T EVEN MAKE TRAILERS FOR MOVIES SO I DIDN'T KNOW ANYTHING
It's about stealing the DS plans. He kinda does need to be in it. I thought we were all taking that for granted, but a few of you seem to be shocked and dismayed by this "spoiler".
No, Disney has been fantastic for the franchise.
He's also Luke's dad.
You know which sub you're on, right?
Bye.
But you've got nothing better to do than bitch on the internet about something you heard but didn't bother confirming?
ITT: people who don't understand what a spoiler is. (this isn't one)
Pretty basic logic, really.
What?
Cool, thanks.
"It's like a silver record but there's a movie on there!"
[I got you, boo.](http://mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/06/24/849452483/1466732188108/asset_1200K.mp4)
It's already done.
&gt; Edit: or someone abusing drugs, which is not unheard of in ABQ. Or anywhere at all.
Seriously. AC kicks on and you're fucked.
If I learned anything yesterday, it's that anything you do involving a baby that you didn't get written consent from said baby for is tantamount to rape.
Where are we enrolling them? Private school?
No, this is reddit. Everything China does is awful and it's no problem to be overtly racist as long as it's against the Chinese.
Oh, no worries. Just pointing out that while we definitely have our problems, BrBa wasn't a documentary.
I was going to say something snarky, but then I noticed that you seem to be a Mariner fan, and I don't like to abuse those less fortunate than the rest of us.
EXISTENCE IS PAIN FOR A MESEEKS!!
I've seen that one probably 4 or 5 times.
http://i.imgur.com/91sn32Q.jpg?fb
That's about as good as I did.
Of course he settled. He infringed. They're not going to fight it because they were in the wrong.
I do clearances for TV and Film, and this is how it happens every time. Someone uses a work that they didn't license, they get contacted and told that they need to pay the licensing fee or go to court, the infringer pays because they obviously used the work without a license and it's cheaper to pay the fee they're asking than go to court and lose. I'm not even sure what you're arguing.
It might be the best thing on right now. (although it's in between seasons)
How does whether or not they pay for airtime matter? I bet Huckabee paid the city for a permit for his "gathering". But go ahead and keep downvoting just because you disagree.
You're not overreacting to be so concerned, but your management is unfortunately correct. As a civilian, you can't confiscate someone's vehicle on suspicion of them driving drunk.
Reading that made me feel ill.
TV turns you into anon.
WOW. I said out loud to myself, "damn, actually almost had it". Then he came up firing.
Melvin Calrissian straight balling.
WHAT IS EVEN GOING ON RIGHT NOW?
I know nobody is untouchable when you're rebuilding, but those two should be as close to untouchable as it gets. They should be cornerstone pieces.
Pro-tip: Use The Netherlands, I believe you get the lowest price for the package if you check out from there.
My lord, that's a punchable face.
And why is Roland in the Dark Tower film going to be black, even though there are countless descriptions in the novel of him being white and one of the key relationships in the entire series is predicated on him being white and her being black?
Well, she weakened national security just so that she could maintain an unauthorized private server for the purposes of circumventing FOIA. That's a fucking big deal, and the fact that Trump is super shitty isn't going to change that fact.
Yes, and I can count. Can you?
That last comment belongs on any of the cringe subreddits.
I'll certainly be curious to see what they do with it, but I'm prepared for the worst. Hope I'm pleasantly surprised.
https://www.google.com/search?q=air+duster&amp;oq=air+duster&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i64j69i61.1191j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8
I believe this more every day.
Look at the cigar (I'm not calling it a blunt, because it's clearly just a cigar) in the picture, and tell me there's only an gram of ~~weed~~ tobacco in there. That's at least 6 or 7 grams.
Really making a difference here.
You know with your whole heart that they are.
Murder victims don't have much control over their bodies either.
*holds up spork*
&gt;So I'll just strangle myself just to be safe. Ah, the old *Caradine*, solid choice.
He *commandeered* the phrase.
Who pissed in your cheerios? Would you rather they not prepare our farm system for the future?
Combined NFL/MLB championships: St. Louis - 12 San Diego - 0
