I heard him on a radio show saying that he gets asked a lot about Miesha. Everyone is jealous of him.
Thanks Zuffa spokesperson for the smear campaign. P.S. Love you guys' work against Fedor!
Question: do you know what "journalism" mean? Becuase what Helwani does is not journalism. At best, he's a paid Zuffa employee.
Sorry, this is lame. You were upvoted though, this means you're a first-rate comedian.
You mean 3 smaller, out-of-their-prime, aging legends? True.
Great thread, thanks OP for this! A few days ago everyone here was delighting in posting "X bounces Y's head off the canvas FUCK YEAH!" threads, where they show fighters being hurt and KO'd and all, and I thought it was in bad taste to revel in a fighter's loss and pass it around in such sadistic joy. Your thread is further proof that we should be more considerate to fighters when they lose, especially that we actually have fighters posting and reading here.
That's the truth. It especially happens when the community is very young and emotional, like this one. I've had better results talking to actual brick walls.
Only if Vitor is waiting in the woods to fight him.
Nope. Nothing about him is impressive (except the amount of shit that comes out of his mouth).
Miesha and Holly Holm? Nice. It'd be stupid not to put multiple steamy love scenes between them. Paige will join too I hope.
He probably didn't read it until you brought it to his attention -.-
Oh goodie, *another* mgreger thread. It's been a while since the last one was posted 15 minutes ago. You kids are easy to whip into a frenzy by Zuffa's marketing department. If they hyped up Bob Sapp you'd worship him like a god. Zuffa will make a shitton of money off impressionable kids like this.
mmajunkie is great, best one out there.
Dazzlingly pretty, damn.
Context?
How hard is his core? Damn that's impressive.
Weidman Vs. Silva 1.
Miesha is awesome in more ways than one.
&gt; **The** who do **the** you see **the** winning, **the** Chris or **the** Luke FTFY
Informative. Great piece. Thanks for posting this.
Before clicking the link I thought you were joking, but after I clicked it I believe you.
It would turn mma into a circus; a laughable charade masquerading as a sport, where anyone who says the crazies, stupidest things to challenge the champion is guaranteed fame and riches. You'll see stupid stunts, outrageous statements (followed by many retractions and even disciplinary action from the side of the UFC), you'll see fighters taking time from their training to talk shit and become clowns like mgreger. In short, things will get bad: childish, stupid and impossible to respect.
If you cry harder, maybe Joe will cheer for the ones you like.
Love this idea!
Mercedes, the pride of German automobile manufacturing. Rolex, a name synonymous with status and riches. And the final jewel in the wealth crown: Starbucks, the finest, most exclusive coffee possible. Live the dream, JoJo.
I gotta see this! Nothing I love laughing at more than those shitty Indian knockoff "films" :D I bet they'll break out in a group dance during the fight too.
Thanks for responding. Updated my post.
50/50 here. If it did happen, it might push MMA closer to boxing's style (too many belt and organizations). On the other hand, when it *does* happen (e.g. Overeem's achievements), it's quite a feather in one's cap.
Unlike Browne, a punch from Rothwell would smash Arlovski's consciousness.
Rothwell is awesome. He could be be the next big thing.
Unusual. Women here were more rational (the chick who said Werdum is more skilled) and men were emotional (guys rooting for Cain just because of his heritage).
Werdum by something crazy and unexpected.
http://www.mmafighting.com/2015/6/9/8735917/losing-to-girlfriends-ex-boyfriend-changed-fabricio-werdum-s-life
If Werdum beat Cain standing (where Cain has the advantage over Werdum), you think Cain would've done better on the ground? Edit for clarification: if Cain was supposedly much better than Werdum on the feet and yet Werdum dominated him, Werdum would've been even more dominant if the fight went to the ground. OP makes it sound like Cain's fatigue was the reason his takedown was ineffectual. No, even a fresh Cain would've been thoroughly dominated on the ground, like he was dominated on the feet where he was supposed to be better.
My post may have been vague. I updated it for clarification.
I like Rogan and I've always defended him, but that is obscene. Fedor is THE greatest HW fighter ever and it's no competition: Cain needs tons of more achievements before even approaching Fedor's legacy. I cringed when I heard Joe say that. Just disgraceful.
Looks like you're new here in /r/mma.
I love how he used 3 excuses: 1) it was a joke, 2) he was drunk, and 3) he didn't mean it. Should've added more, too, for good measure: 4) a thief stole the phone and sent some of those texts, and 5) someone hacked the thief and sent the others. Airtight stuff right there.
Never seen someone so proud to be as moronic as some middle age, knowledge-hating ignoramus.
He's got some serious mental issues, bro, not nice to joke about that. Edit: Way to go, /r/mma, downvoting someone for calling attention to a serious issue such as how wrong it is to mock those with mental illnesses? Mayhem suffered a mental breakdown and has been in need of help for a while now. What a nasty, *nasty* community.
Ugh, you make it sound like they did this just to give back to people, to "create jobs" and "get criminal off the streets" (eyes rolling on that last one). They didn't: it's just a coincidence that the way these people make money entails those things. We've seen the way they treat their most important assets (the fighters), and it's clear the Zuffa corporation isn't the angel you're trying to portray. Even their most prized fighters (Jones, GSP, etc.) were stabbed in the back and insulted in public when they failed to be obedient puppies. Oh and nice job with that "shut the fuck" up stuff. You're as good at persuasion as you are in basic knowledge.
Joe wouldn't dare say this shit if it was the UFC, even if it was faker than this one. I'm sorry, but after Joe called Cain the best HW fighter of all time, I lost the remaining respect I had for him as an objective MMA commentator. His transition to a complete Zuffa representative is complete.
I upvoted so hard my fingers hurt a lot :(
Here's a different angle: http://imgur.com/dscSmTe
What a loss. This guy is a freak athlete and has potential to be one of the best of all time. Sad to see him go. This will be one of the MMA what-ifs.
1) Destroyed everyone in his path, unprecedented win streak. 2) Fought some of the best fighters in the world at their peak and defeated them in their own game (e.g. outstriking Cro Cop and ground-mauling Big Nog). 3) Many times was the smaller guy against larger opponents. 4) Extremely well rounded and staggeringly good fight IQ.
It's "completely different"? Don't exaggerate.
Good. I'm sick of Zuffa always having their way and crushing everyone in their path (fighters, promotions, competitors, etc.) Fuck them. I hope they lose out on a lot of money.
God, the look of out-of-this-world pain on Jason's face almost made *me* throw up, ugh, I can't imagine the hell he went through. But respect, what a warrior he is, he kept on going.
Looks like fox sports is trying to be as shitty and unreliable as Fox "News".
"Goes apeshit", in other words "tries to get attention". And it worked. If he farted you kids would talk about it.
&gt; That's pretty much a given fact. Based on what? Someone accusing them? Or actual evidence? ISIS already struck at Saudi security *and* citizens twice and they've been trying to do it over and over.
In cases like this, you have to ask, "Who benefits the most?" You should ask that question whenever there's something big with consequences especially, e.g. assassination, terrorism. With ISIS, what's in it for the Saudis? It's absurd to think Saudis fund ISIS IMO because ISIS already embarrassed the government by murdering one of its security forces a few months ago, right at a security headquarters. They also blew up a mosque a few days ago. Both of those events are detrimental to the interests of the Saudis government: they gain nothing from them *and* are hurt by them. ISIS has been nothing but harm for them so far. So again: who is benefiting the most from ISIS? Why would Saudi government fund them? Can you list some gains and benefits they've reaped?
2/10. At least you tried, Mr. Leno.
lol Can't blame him though. If it weren't for being contractually obligated, many fighters would skip these boring conferences.
That's not against the rules. Not sure why people are doing that.
Damn she's so animated, impressive!
&gt; If I smoke enough crack can I qualify as a UFC judge? Not enough, you have to be genetically, irreversibly retarded too.
Bless their hearts!
Yes, it was a robbery. * Even the crowd, who were cheering for Robbie for the entire fight, did a 180 and booed him after the fight, and loudly applauded Condit, who they were rooting against just seconds ago. * MMA fans in every MMA forum are largely saying it's a robbery and should've gone to Condit. * The scorecard says it's a robbery (huge disparity in landed strikes in favor of Condit). * Other fighters are shocked and thought Condit won (e.g. Cub Swanson, Sarah Kaufman, Manuwa, etc.) * [Almost every MMA journalism outlet](http://mmadecisions.com/decision/6727/Robbie-Lawler-vs-Carlos-Condit) scored it for Condit. There's no point in comparing it to a worse decision like Pearson/Sanches (irrelevant fight, different weight class), because everything looks less worse when compared to something more intense. That's like saying 'meh, fight was not *that* exciting, because Pettis/Henderson was better' . **TL;DR: it was a robbery.**
"Mount me like one of your MMA-watching French girls."
They got crushed here and were given an immediate rematch.
I ordered it.
He's right. When Jon Jones first appeared as a great talent people hated him. Everyone called him fake and phony and tried to find the silliest of reasons to hate him. Racism is a huge part of America, it's not even a question.
Sir, it's "I hope", not "hopefully".
Yeah, [real hilarious](https://streamable.com/fmr7).
fuck it looks like his baldness is contagious
Because I predicted that Browne would win and my opinion is quite influential.
&gt; Sorry, this page isn't available Fuck you Jon.
He's seeking any kind of attention, even negative. These idiots should be ignored.
"Who?", said most people. At least Ronda is known even by non-MMA fans.
Man that last paragraph is amazing.
Whoa, you think Conor will walk through him?
No one here is trying too hard to look smart. It's just a discussion.
Followed by him moving like a snake on the floor for 30 minutes.
God**damn**! Fantastic! Even though Affliction had only 2 events, they paid lots of money to the fighters, and they got a lot of buzz in MMA media in addition to getting high profile names like Barnett, Lindland, Belfort, Little Nog, Fedor, and bands like Megadeth. I hope big names go there and get the money they deserve. Zuffa's contract claws are sunk deep into the bodies of most fighters, maybe the free agents can do something.
Ugh, he's ugly. And the tats make him uglier. Who made this shitty list?
No way he survives RDA.
Yeah I got a kick out of it. But you're not allowed to say this here. In r/shitpost, you have to be hateful, mean-spirited and nasty toward everyone posted here so you can be part of the club.
Take it easy bro, Conor is successful and doesn't need you to defend him. It's ok for other fighters to take shots at him, no harm there, happens all the time.
Mitrione by takedowns and ground n' pound.
Your post is restored now, please edit this comment to remove the account.
I have no agenda here, just improving the sub for you and other users. &gt; Do you put this same metric to every post? Yes, we've deleted hundreds of posts that look like jokes. When OP's demonstrated that the person is serious we restored them.
There's a reason you see no hands in that picture. --- Edit: wow thanks for the gold! lol I can't believe I got gold for the first time ever. tbh I wasn't expecting it and kinda just wanted to make people laugh that's all, so this is definitely much appreciated. i also think it's a nice act of kindness on the part of the gilder. for a long time i've always thought people on the internet were somewhat cold, distant and many times outright rude whenever disagreement set in, so seeing **any** act of generosity like this warms the cockes of my heart a great deal. i've always aspired to be loved and appreciated by my fellow interneters (especially fellow redditors, I think these are great communities) and this simple act of kindness restored my faith in humanity. so from the bottom of my heart, /u/OneIdeaAway: thank you. you truly make this world a better place and I - as are all the other recipients of your wonderful generosity - owe a debt of gratitude to the kindness of your heart. i just hope others follow in your foot steps and set a good example of being kind to others, whether gilding fellow interneters, helping stray animals, volunteering in the soup kitchen, whatever it is, we must stand together as humans, for if *we* don't, then who will? words to think about. have a great day all! --- edit 2: wow someone gilded me AGAIN after 8 days of this comment! Truly the nature of giving in humans is a light that cannot be extinguished by the evil forces of cynicism no matter how much brutality is displayed by the more malevolent parts of the human race! today is a victory for the camp of generosity, kindness and **RIGHTEOUSNESS**. Today is a day that will be immortalized as an example of the ever-shining spirit of mankind who stand up as one against the dark clouds of unkindness and viciousness. When all is said and done, in the annals of love and courage, all acts of generosity will be rendered pallid by this selfless gif, which shall gleam brilliantly forever and ever. --- edit 3: as the great thespian Mr. Alfredo James Pacino (commonly known as Al Pacino) said in his criminally underrated role as Michael Corleone in the oft-overlooked third installment of the momentous Godfather trilogy: "Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in." I feel the same way: just when I am about to lose hope in the goodness of man, someone pulls me back into the oasis of hope. u/frost_knight, A great spirit living among the great unwashed masses of inconsequential souls, decided to bestow upon me an act of generosity the likes of which we rarely see in these times of great moral despair. I, a humble servant of my fellow humans and expecting no demonstration of gratitude (nor wanting it, mind you), was given a great gift. No, I am not talking about reddit gold that Mr. Frost conferred on me. Rather, I am talking about his prodigious bounteousness. Such magnanimity is something we seldom see in this day and age, a harbinger of glad tidings of human conscience awakening from its slumber and restoring the deep-rooted virtues buried inside and obscured by the trials and tribulations of modern times. You have not gilded me reddit gold, u/frost_knight; you have gilded my heart with hope. So from the bottom of my (gilded) heart: thank you, and may the forces of goodness watch over your every moment.
Condit is always classy, but I'd be pissed if I were him, losing because of corrupt judging. He put **everything** on the line and greed won.
It would be great, but it's not happening. The main part of Ali's greatness wasn't his boxing, but his moral stands against oppression and tyranny. He stood for what's right even when it cost him his career or even his freedom. Conor does not seem like the person who'd do this, he's extremely self-centered and worships himself and his pleasures. Ali prided himself in being shown among the poor people of his neighborhood and never stopped working to improve the conditions of oppressed African Americans, Conor displays his luxury cars regularly for the whole world and sends a signal that "money is all that matters" to his fans. The two are not alike in any way.
Why is this here? I don't want to see hot talented girls hurt like this.
Please don't call him Nathan. It's Nate.
https://www.reddit.com/r/OopsDidntMeanTo/comments/405pyj/redditor_made_a_statement_with_a_scientific_error/
And that is marvelous!
My God this Holl!
What's shady is this site. It's made by one guy, and he has an agenda against Ali. If you follow his twitter you'll see he's obsessed with Ali, almost stalking him. Just wondering, what information do you have about this site that made you confidently state that it's "legit"? What do you know about the site or its creator (the guy stalking Ali)?
&gt; I just... I just
Condit is a victim to MMA not having any clear rules on judging. &gt; But maybe ONLY 10 of Condits 400 strikes could be considered anything close to significant. Um, no, not even close. Please watch the fight again. He landed a lot more shots that bewildered Lawler and kept him confused and unable to get close. In hindsight, silly exaggerations like this are common when you're arguing against the other side. Also, you said "significant strikes". Can you define that word? What is it exactly and how can we clearly state that Condit's strikes were not "significant"? For example, is a significant strike one that draws blood? Is it one where it pushes the head back a certain distance (how far is the distance in inches)? Is it one where the fighter's eyes glaze over? I dare you to define what "significant" means. &gt; This is one of those RARE times when a close judging decision actually sided with the correct fighter. Nope, it was a shit decision and a robbery. Condit landed many, many more shots, and the fightmetrics prove it, but arbitrarily they decided that his shots were not "significant", and left it at that.
How could you tell it's old?
Why a military charity? Why not people who really need it like African, Afghan, Pakistani etc. kids? If he's trying to come off as generous, he's only coming off as a dumb flag-waving redneck.
Good clip! I've been enjoying Bellator recently.
I want a camera to be trained on Kavanagh when RDA brutally TKO's Conor. I will orgasm when I see his expressions.
Damn it, who let the tumblr barn door open?
True, and I'm glad they're shitting on people for money and ruining whatever little fan goodwill they raked.
So if Kenny threw a few dollars your way you would've been happy? He cheapened it by making it all about money.
&gt; totally and completely planned That almost me me throw up. The fake surprise of "wow this is unplanned, I will be spontaneous with you! hell yeah let's snapchat!", ugh, and you know her staff planned this weeks in advance right down to the smallest detail.
Nothing creepy, she's being pretty.
Are you triggered, OP?
Is he physically capable of shutting the fuck up? Does he have to say something every day?
One tweet and you love him? Some of the people here are so easy to influence. No wonder Dana is on Twitter all the time if that's the effect he can easily create. No, he's not lovable, he's a vile person and his folksy online words are just a show.
Hot.
Plot twist: it's someone from Zuffa.
Happens to male fighters too. Nothing unusual.
I suggest asking /r/judo.
I am now rooting for Cruz. I hope he crushes him.
It's what he does. He's a piece of shit tabloid schmuck. Look at his satisfied laugh when DC launched the angry tirade against Jones and concluded it with his promise to kick Jones' ass. Scumbag.
Did Khabib write the title for you?
Why are you angry? This must be stemming from unresolved issues from your childhood.
That got old real fast, like, only 2 more comments in and I was bored to death. I can't believe there's an entire subreddit for this.
Found the guy. You should do something about your acne.
What a freak.
Why? So he'd give it all he's got and a corrupt judge awards it to Lawler again? Condit won the first one already.
He's doing that Brock Lesnar shoulder raise thing he did in the WWE.
He should not mention people's families. Scummy thing to do.
&gt; [Dos Anjos] fought on free TV. He's never brought a dime to the company, he's never made a dime yet Conor is a genuine cunt.
Stand in line, pal.
Ass made to be worshiped.
How would people know it's made up? Conor said it matter-of-factly and many believed him.
Conor fans, ladies and gentlemen, truly enriching MMA discourse.
Ooh, you sound cool and tough.
Nice first post. Glad you waited more than 3 months to bless us with this great comment.
"We told little Raj that we'd make this a birthday he'd never forget and by God we kept our word!"
Same here, but why "holy shit" though? lol it's not such a shocking thing.
Opinions that are based on hearsay or other flimsy bases, yes, those are weak. But he said that his experiences formed his opinion, so he has a better basis for them, and deserves to be addressed in a better way than merely "pfft, sexist idiot, shut up"-type posts.
He didn't say "WOMEN ARE INFERIOR SCUM", only that the women *he's been around* get overly upset at jokes. Is that really something so horrible to say? Is that "bigoted"? Think about it. If you still think it is, then I have to say that people like you are one reason real sexism exists: you exaggerate small things and create a negative defensive reaction in people who are either only mildly sexist or not sexist at all.
Completely disagree and from what I've seen, even happiness and health surveys contradict the notion that the West is superior to all others, but thanks for being honest here.
Pretty sure my physics professor talked about this theory.
it's ok my son
Too much Holly, too little Miesha.
Don't link to comments. Don't point to reddit usernames.
It's exactly the same. Where did you photoshop it?
I think OP means training, not mopping. ^^jk
I volunteer to test Miesha ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
From r/PublicFreakout.
LMAO, awesome.
hahahaha (so cute too)
He literally has farmer's strength. Carrying heavy objects since childhood will give you some sweet physical leverage.
"He is betraying the Swedish people! Boo this man!" -- Connie Mac
And so we shall. *bitch hugs*
Most of my friends are stupid.
Wish I could but I lost his cell phone number.
As a former prisoner, I need to differentiate between kinds of cells.
You're projecting. Did the UFC officially announce that all this stuff you're saying is the reason Aldo didn't get the rematch?
Don't forget Barao. Outclassed for 5 rounds and then finished in the last one. Boom! Immediate rematch.
Ok? The two are not mutually exclusive. You can be a fan and be intimidated at the same time, in fact the bigger a fan you are the more intimidating it will be. GSP was quoted saying exactly that in the book ["Fighter"](https://books.google.com.sa/books?id=K3_TPTFsofEC&amp;pg=PA95&amp;lpg=PA95&amp;dq=gsp+matt+hughes++intimidated+eyes&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=Lp5Tg84R9e&amp;sig=PuCzpZYOfrUPVyqoBn0uxF3ewNY&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;redir_esc=y#v=onepage&amp;q=gsp%20matt%20hughes%20%20intimidated%20eyes&amp;f=false), that he was intimidated. [MMA outlets](http://www.bloodyelbow.com/2010/12/9/1863846/ten-defining-moments-the-career-of-georges-st-pierre) also mention him being intimidated during the staredown. Right after saying that Hughes was his idol, GSP said: "I was fighting a guy that was, for me, impossible to beat." ([source](https://books.google.com.sa/books?id=ygvbHYP1YlEC&amp;pg=PA133&amp;lpg=PA133&amp;dq=%22eyes+because+I+was+too+impressed.+I+was+fighting+my+idol%22&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=wEMrQJj1iJ&amp;sig=VkWVSDHjd3qQtioM5rS4O7IOLoU&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;redir_esc=y#v=onepage&amp;q=%22eyes%20because%20I%20was%20too%20impressed.%20I%20was%20fighting%20my%20idol%22&amp;f=false)). Finally, if you've watched the fight itself, GSP said right after the fight: "I'm not gonna lie, I was intimidate[d]."
No proof that this is ISIS. There are many different groups with many different sects, ideologies and political affiliations in that region.
&gt; like this Like what, someone very angry that the most sacred thing he knows was insulted at least twice by Conor? It's natural there would be a strong reaction.
hahahaha, sweet
&gt; what he finds sacred is meaningless It is? To who? To everyone? Clearly not, since you see here one very angry reaction. Also billions of people would take great offense at a religious figure being insulted and mocked. So you have to qualify your statement by saying that it's meaningless *to you*.
Indeed there are tons of atheists, even though there aren't many of them.
Conor will obliterate the entire welterweight division, mark my worlds.
Haven't watched it in years but I sure will now, thanks bro!
I will not stand here and be mocked! Edit: you edited your response. You said: &gt; I think religion will vanish when people get more educated. This presupposes that religion is a creature of ignorance and superstition, but some of the greatest scientific achievements and breakthroughs were precipitated by religious people. Also, more educated people who abandoned religion didn't instantly make things better for themselves; if anything it made them feel and live worse, not just as individuals but as communities.
I clicked it but it seems I have to pay? I only pay for porn, never for science. Please post the relevant parts here, thx
Just wait for the grand finale showing a time-lapse of him sleeping for 8 hours, I'm already pumped!
Who said those are my beliefs? I'm just arguing that religion isn't as bad as you're saying it is, and it has enormous positive effects. That said, your post isn't a response to actual scientific studies that demonstrated my claims. Unless you think science too is a bunch of hooey like religion? The science is there in my last post, feel free to read it and think about it.
Nice and interesting post, OP. Would be fascinating seeing people like those in MMA fights.
AskReddit and similar subs are a great source of cringe. People seek karma so badly that they lie all the time and make up stuff they think the majority will reward them for.
Zero fucks given. But upon realizing he almost died, 1 big shit given.
Jack writes some of the best titles in MMA journalism this side of Ben Fowlkes. Coming up with a short and attractive title is much harder than people think.
Nice pic, thanks for sharing it.
"Can Stipe Miocic Be Fedor's True Successor?" A bit too early. Let's give Luke some time to prove himself.
Legally? Yes. Practically and biologically? No. If a 17 year old slapped you, would you smile, pat him on the head and say, "Oh cute little child, I'm sure you didn't mean that" like you'd do to a 3 year old?
DAE LE DOGS R MORE BETTER DAN TEH CATZ? XD
Been dreading this day for a long time. I'm truly sad now. RIP the greatest :(
What's your point?
As a Human-American, I find that offensive.
"He's the warden in Shawshank Redemption; I Andy Dufresne'd myself out of that pile." LMAO, classic quote.
Hollywood relationships never last. Feel sorry for her though, hope she finds everlasting love, she's a sweet girl.
badass
He said many things and the opposite happened. This means nothing, could be waiting until everything is in place. Ariel pissed them off before by announcing things before they did. Edit: yep, I was right: UFC announced Brock's return and banned Ariel for life.
Wow, Guardian is a rag now?
Edgy, bro.
Cute as a blonde, stunning as a brunette.
Not necessarily. Title shots may be granted based on the opinions of Zuffa's management. Inexplicable title fights have been regularly given to fighters for many years now: Quarry against Franklin, Belfort against Jones, Reis and Cariaso against Demetrius, Bigfoot against Cain, Shields against GSP, the list is endless. There was no massive fan support for these fighters getting title shots.
&gt; Bisping's slur Are you triggered, sweetie?
Dom: "Fuck, this is tougher than the fight."
When you're dying and fighting just to draw one breath, I doubt it'd make you happy that someone uses those intense, painful last moments as a punchline. &gt; Maybe we just see death / mourning in a different way, /u/ergoegthatis. True, I have respect for the dead, you treat them as a joke.
&gt; Bork is such a freak of nature That is an accurate way to describe him. When he debuted against Mir, I was 100% he was going to be finished in seconds. There's a moment in the fight when he's ground and pounding Mir where Brock pivots on his chest up to about 180 degrees to counteract Mir's escape attempt. The agility and speed in which he did that left me (and everyone) stunned. Never have we seen a massive guy so quick and agile. Even endurance athletes like Cain can't do stuff like that. Brock is unique.
MMA retirements are like Hollywood marriages: they never last.
Oh my God, that sound.
Tough to know. If Lorenzo ordered something, Dana won't let us know, naturally. Part of Dana's job is to be in the line of fire for stuff like this.
Is he crying?
Read the sidebar.
&gt; hundreds Come on.
Goddamn, so unexpected. So young. This is surreal.
You said you've seen them. You actually read hundreds of stories about this? And by the way, not all those are about the ban.
By all means, quote the necessary parts.
5 different responses and not a single one has been able to quote anything that could refute this story. I rest my case.
&gt; you treated Bisping like shit You mean just like Bisping did to him? Have you been following the fight at all? Bisping was a ceaseless stream of insults and trash talk. He even pushed him in the weigh-ins and Luke didn't push back. Bisping was far nastier.
How am I making fun of him? I love Jim Ross. It's just his commentary mixed with UFC fights, just for fun.
So? Lorenzo did a great job maintaining his family's riches and investments. It's not a fault to be born into money.
&gt; Well, some modesty would have been nice What he said isn't boastful or anything. He just said "yes".
So? Everything he does, he does to get his name across, get more followers and get more money. The shit move of breaking the news before the UFC did is the same. He's doing everything out of pure self-interest, so this meshes well with the rest of his self-interested activities.
Ouch. Great ref stoppage.
He should not have said this publicly.
I remember her as Joey's wife in Raging Bull. Sad :(
Ad hominem.
How do you know he got lied to? Ariel's word vs their word. Helwani has no proof backing him up, it's just two sides.
&gt; the chicks are hot as fuck If you like anorexic chicks, sure.
He wasn't knocked out cold like Coleman was.
I rarely see these long, interesting comments anymore. Good stuff, man.
Trolling used to be an art. Now it's pitiful :/
Uhhh, what? He's been banging top models for years now.
Nice post. Ali is a once in a lifetime person.
&gt; He was doing his job "Doing his job". So are the paparazi. When you say "doing his job" you're trying to add some nobility and integrity to what he's doing, when in fact "his job" is to get as much attention and money as possible, even if it means doing shitty things like this. &gt; It happens to be a coincidence that the day he broke learned the news was the same day that UFC was going to announce it, but that's not his fault. Coincidence? Seriously? The *exact* scenario happened before: he broke the news of Conor/Diaz 2 before the UFC. They fired him from Fox. He learned: never spoil UFC surprises. And yet, he did it again. No excuse for that. Don't try to make him some innocent martyr. Literally the same scenario, only a few months ago.
Exactly. No real reflex here, it was obvious.
Whoa, she looks stunning!
I doubt he thought about it at all.
Exactly my experience as well.
&gt; I've been paying for it ever since How? Is someone PM-ing you abusive things?
You're right. And when empires live their last days, they tend to appoint lunatic buffoons like Trump. I wouldn't be surprised if he's elected -- America is living its final phase of empire, and those types of politicians precipitate the decline rapidly.
Underrated album.
r/ComedyCemetery
THIS is why reddit is better than 4chan.
&gt; Ali act is ridiculous for MMA. How so?
I don't think it's ring rust, I think it's the same reason Jon Jones didn't fight in his usual more aggressive style: he was preparing in his camp for someone (Cormier/Ferguson), and got someone else. You fight safe and don't take risks.
True.
Imagine how those who shook his hand that day feel after seeing this video.
The Butt Destroyer 3000
You missed a name in the searchbox.
wtf is this
&gt; I don't see Khabib beating him - yes he beat him before but damn, Dos Anjos is a different animal now. Actually Khabib beat RDA only a very short time before RDA took the belt. Khabib dominated prime RDA. It's just that Khabib is so good that he made RDA look so inferior, and when RDA regressed to his normal excellence, people thought that only when he defeated Pettis did the prime RDA start.
Gotta love this transparency.
Me and She-Ra. After we kick your asses, we will rule the Earth as emperor and empress.
&gt; mature content Like what? Asking for a friend.
&gt; more faux wisdom and retarded chauvinism from the idiot himself
Reminds me of fighters like Rampage and Evans when they used to put down Jon Jones before they fought him, then they fight him and eat their words. If this fight happens, you can be sure Cerrone will eat his as well.
Nice sportsmanship. Maybe too nice, looked like he was contemplating kissing Poirier at the end there.
One of the most memorable moments I've ever seen. That kick came out of nowhere. Finally, the Lion's Den realized that strikes can actually be used to finish fights instead of just as a way to set up submissions.
My God she is just **explosively** hot!
This comment is original.
Thanks for this very original comment.
Everything looks good on hottie Claudia.
Ali Bagautinov is now 'Ali Bags'? lol not bad, sounds like an Italian mobster.
&gt; Only 3 people (The Fertattas and Dana) were able to successfully run an MMA organization in history Er, not entirely true. PRIDE was more successful. It only folded because their links to the mafia were publicized. The quality of fighters was arguably better too. That, and it's rarely the case that only the face of an organization (e.g. Dana, Lorenzo) are the only people who deserve credit; most of the time, there are people behind the scenes who are largely responsible for an organization's success.
This is true. I had high hopes for Jake I honestly thought he was going to be champ one day; he was knocking out people left and right. Then sadly he lost several times. I'll never forget the nervous look on his face when he was about to face Lawler. Definitely not the Jake I've been following.
Love Mike, never get tired of listening to him, always something wise and interesting.
That must have been painful for Liddell. He went to PRIDE representing the UFC and got finished by Rampage. He must have felt he let down Dana (who was there with the announcers) and his company, and it was kind of embarassing for the UFC to have their top star finished like that. Then Liddell gets finished here again by Rampage in much more spectacular fashion. Liddell attended Rampage vs. Wandy, probably hoping and expecting Wandy to finish Rampage a third time. When Rampage knocked out Wandy, they cut to Liddell and it showed him with his head down in disappointment.
&gt; I am absolutely devastated Really?
Nate's fists.
You're taxing the tolerance of square pizza lovers, but I'll give this a pass.
This gif is very rare. NO ONE here ever posts it or mentions it! Thanks for posting this, very underrated and underappreicated moment.
Bad source. Mike Russell is not trustworthy. He's that lunatic who's dedicated his life to stalking Ali Abdelaziz and claiming he has ties to militant organizations.
r/ComedyCemetery
Based on his last fights. Not the picture.
&gt; as a part time UFC contractor, isn't really objective when he takes their side. You do know that Ariel too was getting paychecks signed by the UFC when he was pretending to be a neutral news reporter, yes?
"DANA WHITE LITERALLY **MURDERING** JOURNALISTS? DETAILS INSIDE."
That's the original meaning. Now the word also means "any long-term clandestine spy or informant within an organization, government or private" according to wiki.
In Trump's America, it would be.
&gt; Caggabe Ah, the younger brother, always in the shadows of his big brother Cabbage.
Everyone is possible juicing, but Henricks is more "probably" than possibly, especially after he declined GSP's offer to test.
That's...not what a brigade is.
&gt; Trump is being called bigot and racist, when none of his statements reflect that His statements about Muslims do. Also his refusal to distance himself from the white supremacists who support him. And if you listen to how he talks about other races, you'll see how absurdly out of touch and uknowingly racist his words are: "the blacks", "the hispanics", etc.
I've always cheered for her, what are you on about?
I knew one of you verysmart people with too much time would be here lol
&gt; men can cry I absolutely have no doubt that you're one of them.
I don't what to love more, the hot chicks dancing weird or the nostalgic VHS quality.
You're right, I'm sorry.
Is she related to Seth Macfarlane?
So if a 1-year-old and a 15-year-old slapped your face you'd have the same reaction? Or if they took your wallet and left the room? Or if they spit on you? "Aw, children are so cute!" will be your reaction? Legally, yes, a 15yo is not an adult. But "child" does not have just have a legal meaning; the more common one is the one people use regularly, and when you call a big 15yo with pubes and pit hair and boners and BO "child" you're being weird.
Can you explain what's verysmart about this for those who are not scienceish?
Very Dwight-like.
You mean this 5 minute video with no context? It did happen. What it means, what are the circumstances, how factual your malignant title is, all those are the important questions, and we don't know anything at all about the video, other than it's posted by you, a regular poster in a hate subreddit.
Would've been more interesting if there was actual footage of the gangs instead of just stock material.
Miesha = hot + badass Gotta love her.
wtf
Yeah what else should he say? Every fighter tries to be optimistic and confident. "I'm pretty sure Nate will kick my arse. I tried to muster some hope by consulting a magic 8 ball if I was going to win. It said: 'My sources say no.' Now I am crying."
I'd still hit it though.
What happens if we combine their punching power into one punch?
You know what they say: "Anything can happen in MMA." ;)
It's a synonym of 'MILF'.
Of the ones he wrote, I read *Tao of JKD* and *Bruce Lee's Fighting Method*. I also read some other books written by others where they quote him or present some of his notes and opinions.
I actually think they are great. Kirik is incredibly patient and nice. A few other mods are also pretty nice and great at moderating.
This is great!
Exactly. Plus, what does have to gain from fighting heavyweights? These guys hit hard and any hit could put his or anyone's lights out. Sure it'd be great to prove you're the baddest man on the planet but for what? It's not like he's going to make *billions* or anything. Huge risk, little reward. LHW is where he should stay.
Gotta love JR.
mmm yeah shake it KK
I don't watch the show, but someone reported this as having spoilers. Does it have spoilers? So we could add flair.
I think you're right. A video recently from an anti-Muslim hate site about refugees was upvoted. When I drew attention to the prejudice and unreliability of the site (and also to the fact that the submitter is a frequent poster at Trump's subreddit), I got brigaded with downvotes (in fact I got more downvotes than the submission got upvotes). There's clearly a hate group trying to influence things here.
And this is MMA, not wrestling. Do you know about CM's MMA skills enough to discredit him completely like this?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Like I said, absolutely no one has the slightest idea about this guy's skill. And they're all so confident, just like they were confident Brock was gonna lose back then. Now they're all "Um, yeah we knew he was gonna win, he was NCAA champ!". If there's anything I know, it's that the prejudgments of MMA fans are some of the worst, most wildly inaccurate I've ever seen.
Very realistic and humble. He easily admits he gets bested in practice all the time and doesn't have any delusions that he's invincible, and says he's nervous a lot, but uses this nervousness to be a better fighter. This is the mentality that made him one of the greatest ever.
Ah ok, that's the Batista excuse: "He fought cans!" (which means nothing btw, some are still saying it about Silva and Tyson, but I'll humor you). Now give me your excuses about Lashley and Walker.
"Brock's not an easy guy to get up from under. He knows what he's doing on the ground." That's what she said.
The black girl is quite attractive.
Pictorials of hot chicks.
He's saying he lost because he was sick, and he has a point.
Please read the article. Titles never tell the whole story.
Niiiice!
I want to thank whoever picked that angle.
Lovely.
What's the context? The video just starts in the middle.
Amazing! What chocolate is this?
Hot in every phase IMO.
&gt; are you serious Yes. Almost all women have a bit of extra fat like that, especially after bearing children. Someone who's actually fat, I'm not interested, but like Cat here is fine. And you're completely right about the rest of your post, well said.
Bad title :/
You didn't read the comments I see. At least 5 comments so far are saying "I hate Dana" or "Dana's an asshole" etc.
"Safe" Mike Goldberg
That's what I love about him. He's so genuine. There's something so raw and captivatingly primitive about him.
I always enjoy what Fowlkes says. Not just the content but his writing is fun to read.
Looks like a butcher cutting the heart and some muscles.
I like this new Demi.
I've seen a Jon Jones tweet with my own eyes. AMA.
Goddamn it, I already put $200 on you :/
Likewise bro. A 2-second google doesn't mean you know what you're talking about.
That's actually a good point. Cody came off as an emotional retard. Dom probably thought this retardation would transfer to the cage.
WHO WITH HIM
#OP FOR PRESIDENT
Do you know what "onus" means? Even an introductory course in logic would've made your post look less silly than this.
What a garbage article. Edit: ah, it's from Bleacher Report, no wonder.
He's a great nutritionist and produces spectacular results. Since you enjoy shitting on successful people, I'll ask: what have you achieved?
&gt; she might have realized she had a massive hole Man, Travis is such a stud.
Oh man, he has such an annoying high-pitched voice. What a terrible choice.
Brendan Dorman makes some of the best analysis videos I've ever seen.
And Amanda is the gay killer.
He should've waited, they could be turning to upvotes now :/
She's hot you fag.
I see where this is going. Problem is, "proof" might mean nothing to you if everything is subjective, even concrete, unambiguous items. So where to even begin?
What an obnoxious song.
She's retired.
You believe nothing is objectively evil?
No, the thesaurus embiggens one's vocabulary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx2bHvlwkvM
So? That's no excuse to not defend the belt and go on doing nothing but money fights.
Now that you've achieved fame, what are you going to do next?
I tweeted this to Perry and he responded "huh? im not from arezona". Bless him.
r/mma: "Fighters should get better pay! They deserve more money!" *Conor dodges rightful contender for money fights. So does Bisping and Alvarez*. r/mma: "Yay! Right on, boys!' *Woodley does the same* r/mma: "YOU PIECE OF SHIT! MOST UNLIKABLE CHAMP EVER!"
&gt; I thought his striking looked pretty shit. Are you a fighter?
You're right. People like the guy you're responding to pretend there's no such thing as a general direction or mainstream opinion in subreddits. The "X sub is not just one person" is one of the weakest arguments one could use.
&gt; Tony is going to destroy him in half a round. Troll confirmed.
&gt; actually you can tell If you wanted expert advice about anything, would you go to that subreddit and believe *any random person*? Would you take medical advice or legal advice from any random dude on those subreddits? Watching does not equal being an expert. &gt; sounds like you are just trolling You know nothing about me. You only said this cuz that other person told you I'm a troll, when I am not, and he's probably butthurt about some old argument we had or something. &gt; who's to say people in here don't train Because most of them are happy to criticize, say, Ronda's striking, but when an actual amateur fighter comes here asking for advice you'll notice those threads are DEAD. They know they got nothing.
Cheers man.
You're right but this is wasted on some people here. Woodley is doing nothing wrong: this is the new "business as usual". And somehow they're ok with Conor and Bisping doing it but God forbid Woodley would look out for himself and his family! Whenever I say this in any Woodley thread I get nuked with downvotes and called a troll, because the mainstream opinion is to crucify Woodley, unfortunately. The same people cheering Conor for skipping contenders and heading to the top of the LW line are the ones attacking Woodley. Hypocrisy.
&gt; your comment history is fucking AIDS Why? Because you disagree with a lot of my opinions? Do you see me littering threads with "fuck you" or "kys asshole" or something? I put time and effort into my responses. If people happen to disagree with them so be it, I'm not going to apologize for dissenting from the mainstream views. This is a discussion forum (supposedly anyway).
Oh look, it's that joke again.
&gt; And he'll get them if he wins more No, he won't. Only Conor/Ronda/a few others have made millions in the UFC. You're grossly exaggerating. "If he wins more" has never been a formula for riches in the UFC. Tony Ferguson is on an insane win streak and he's practically begging the UFC for a few dollars.
I'd watch more if it wasn't for those outfits.
Perhaps you're slightly biased here?
&gt; Woodley sat out forever to get a shot at the belt Not at all. He was supposed to fight Hendricks last year for the top contender spot; Hendricks didn't make weight so the UFC awarded him the spot by default. That was in October. So from October until his title fight, he wasn't "sitting out"; he and Lawler were waiting for the event.
I agree. It sounds cruel but I have to say it: his intelligence is limited. You could see the exchanges between him and Cruz and how he was so out of his element and miserably failed to attack Cruz or even offer any kind of respectable defense. Reminds me of poor Joe Frazier when he was up against Ali; he was just no match for that kind of battle, so he let his fighting do the talking.
Downvoted cuz based on Daily Fail (shit tabloid).
Why do some people say this? There's zero evidence.
When you're 90, you won't think "oh I'm 90, I should die". You'll mostly have the same love for life as you do now, except maybe if you have painful, incurable illnesses. In fact it's even more hurtful to hear those comments because they are true, and they remind you of your lost youth, bad health and closeness to death.
Bet the house on Woodley. KO round 1.
Really? Been around women all my life and understanding their emotions is tougher than calculus. Edit: emotional downvoting, thanks a bunch for proving my point.
You're not convincing. It seems you didn't understand it, and now you're using "uhh, um, er...I understood it but it wasn't funny".
The universe must love Stefan if it's trying to protect him this much from getting murdered.
she's cute
No other fighter like him. Legend.
How many tons of pure skill does this picture carry?
In addition, they would not be not right.
&gt; a movie that can arguably be seen as a metaphor for coming out hahahaha, this has to be a troll post.
&gt; quality man Ah, never seen the No True Scotsman used in such a silly way before.
"attention whores"? This sub is called "my cleavage", so it will naturally feature girls showing their cleavage. It's not a car subreddit or something and the women are irrelevantly posting hot selfies. Why are you here in the first place?
Last time I saw this here, the comments said he died of internal injuries. Hope it's not true.
"Having legit one of the worst weeks of my life, make me feel better", this struck me as very honest actually, instead of the other ones who also seek validation but do it in a fakely indifferent way. Everyone here wants attention and validation, but OP here is more direct and honest. She had a very painful week. She wants others to say nice things about her. And she was honest about it. We shouldn't punish honesty.
It's not surprising you're giving up this quickly, your argument is flimsy from the beginning. My favorite part: you're here to masturbate to hot pics, but you're morally outraged about "attention whores" lol Keep wanking.
great body though
No.
He's basically *claiming* that TJ uses PEDs. It's an indirect accusation which, as far as we know, has no basis whatsoever.
Fine wine, fancy delicacies, intriguing and mind-expanding conversations, elegant attire, sex with classy babes, etc.
"I'm a fan but he's a bitch" I'm sure he could do without this kind of fan.
http://www.mmafighting.com/2016/12/15/13976874/king-mo-explains-why-hell-never-fight-chael-sonnen Chael is a good guy.
She's gorgeous. I'll give her a pass.
When will you stop your lies?
Please don't back pedal. At least stick by your argument (i.e. Jones' masterpiece performance was just eye pokes). This would make the praise he got for this performance false by your standards, and all those analysts are wrong because in reality it was just eyepokes as you claim.
404
r/mma
Hot chicks in tank tops, nothing better.
How will Weidman get destroyed this time? I'm thinking body shots followed by a TKO.
be a man, don't run
#TONYTIME
Motor oil and sweat
And that is why when he nicknamed himself "The Fertilizer", none of his friends objected.
No doubt. He was introduced as being undefeated in "200 bareknuckle fights". Not even GSP, Fedor, Jones and Silva accomplished that.
Poor Griffin. He was tapping to strikes and the ref didn't see it, and he kept getting pounded over and over again, it was brutal.
Fits better in r/woooosh
Varner starts shit then backpedals. Sad.
Cruz/Garbrandt: premature title shot for Cody. Only 2 barely mentionable wins and he gets a title shot. Conor vs. Alvarez: lol, you just proved my point. Nunes vs. Ronda: eh, some argue that giving Ronda a title shot was not justified after such a long absence. Stipe vs. Overeem: this was only logical, he was on a 4-win streak over some big names. Fights like this happened all the time during Zuffa. This happened *despite* WME, not because of it.
&gt; ~~tho~~ doe Where "dat" goes, "doe" follows. It's the law.
lmao God this killed me
Assuming that's true, how is that relevant to this story? Why bring this up at all?
Alright gotcha. But...just to be sure, "one" refers to a stick, right?
Works for them for 20 years, is let go without an explanation, a send-off or a goodbye. Scummy.
This was just posted? It's nowhere on the front page. &gt; You just weren't happy because everyone feels bad for her No idea what this means. Maybe you're commenting on the wrong thread?
I think they missed the point of your comment, I like it :)
#MITTS = SMESHED
&gt; He clearly stated he wanted 2 belts before his UFC debut and went after them the whole time How is that an excuse? That's even better than a money fight. He never defended his FW belt and instead tried to attain fame and glory by getting another belt. And now he's talking about getting the WW belt. Just setting bad precedents all around.
lol amazing, what a well trained dog.
Not like it affects them. Quite the contrary, they got more successful the more r/mma hated them lol
Thanks for not using the crappy "throwing shade" OP.
wtf, is he serious? Almost sounds like satire.
Inoki's gonna slap some hos
Kinda looks like a joke. Are you sure he's serious?
#FLAWLESS
If your opponent is unfinishable, should you try to finish him? Nick has a chin of steel, superb BJJ and insanely effective boxing. Carlos chose the most effective strategy against someone with that arsenal.
This time it is. Boxing money is spectacular if you're a big star; MMA money is shit. Also better contracts, thanks to the Ali act.
r/instant_regret
I'm not Turkish, but what does Erdogan have to do with this? This was completely random and needless. Seems the anti-Erdogan crowd is desperate and bitter.
Incredible! I'd watch the fuck out of this.
Glover is becoming a gatekeeper at LHW.
&gt; This ain't cringe. This is pure ~~fucking hilarity~~ staged, scripted fakeness Fixed.
In completely unrelated news, Katharina left MMA and is now driving taxi cabs.
TJ is a turd.
I'm sure she's devastated by your disapproval.
Frank is a legend. Thanks for bringing this up.
Looker.
They're found in the wild with Rottweilers.
Sorry OP but this only shows you don't know much about fighting. &gt; The only fight where Jones have faced someone roughly his own size - Gustafssson who is 6feet 5, and has a reach of 81.2 inches (according to himself, and Ufc have have listed his reach differently - anywhere from 72-79 inches) - who was able to reach his chin whenever he wanted, he had big problems and left on a stretcher to the hospital. Actually Jones also faced Bonnar who's virtually the same size as Gus and Jones demolished him. He also faced OSP (same size as Bonnar) and outclassed him completely, with OSP failing for 25 minutes to land anything of significance. The "size" argument falls flat. Many fighters, coaches and experts consistently rank Jones as the best fighter today and one of the greatest of all time. You think they were just being nice to him, and that deep down they believe it's his size that's mostly to thank? No, his incredible skill is why he's so special. Heck, even DC's trainer was here a couple of days ago and said that Jones is the best fighter today.
I need that in my life.
I do believe, good sir, that indeed that was the joke.
Bless him, he's protecting one of the greatest things in the world!
&gt; he'll probably be fired I hope so. He's a vicious psychopath and has no place dealing with humans. She just squirted him and that's his violent reaction? Fuck him. Edit: those who downvote this have limited intelligence and can't understand what I'm saying. It's not tough to comprehend: read my short post and you'll know the point. Sheesh.
Do you know her personally?
Why? He didn't insult her.
What makes it dumber is that shirt texts are supposed to be pithy. This is written like a boring essay.
This is the hottest fucking thing ever!
Just like this guy and cringe are best fuckin friends.
Sounds like an unbearable person.
Superb.
Superb gif, well done OP! One of the greatest movies ever made too.
You a cool bro
lol perfect
This guy gets it.
...he said sarcastically.
Peerless curves.
https://i.imgur.com/D0XRAxz.png Of course you can, sweetie! But you're the only one who's reported this. Edit: we got a [good Samaritan](https://i.imgur.com/fN02EH5.png) over here.
This doesn't belong here.
Words to live by ^((until you die)^).
hahaha, really? That's how they handled it? "We're sorry. WE HAD A GOOD REASON THOUGH! But yeah, we're like totally sorry and stuff."
This was no phone driving. The steering wheel malfunctioned and the driver could not turn properly. The news story was posted about this. No death, thankfully. Source: I made it up, just like OP did in the title.
&gt; feels like there's a lot of posts that are literally just people mentioning quantum mechanics, If the mention is appropriate (e.g. a discussin about physics), then we'd remove it based on rule 9. If the mention is needless, then we allow it, since the person is probably trying to show off. &gt; or people just using somewhat verbose language Same principle. We actually removed so many of such posts. Verbose language in itself is not a reason to submit a post here. Only when it's excessive and needless. Report such posts when you see them.
When you decide to headbutt your opponent's fists, that indeed shows you're past the point of worrying.
Strawman argument.
GOAT.
Amazing. It looks like a movie production or something.
No surprise. She has many years in experience of walking on solid objects.
https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/humbleness
No problem. Now where's my money?
WW1, WW2, Italian genocide in Libya, Belgian genocide in Congo, British genocide in Kenya, French genocide of Algerians, all this was done by the "civilized" West. And this is all not even including the countless American massacres of innocents all over the world and blind support for Israeli war crimes.
idk, I feel a 24-hour guillotine would be harmful to the other guy.
To be fair to Lando, when he *does* get into defensive mode, it's absolutely beautiful: https://imgur.com/xANR5RM
He out-grapples Werdum and headkick KO's Cro Cop. He's fucking with the fiber of the universe.
He will be when Stipe TKO's him.
I miss the old days when he was simply Conor Jędrzejczyk.
And then after he gets disrespected again: "ok, this is THE LAST time I'm gonna be patient! Do that a third time and I'll wreck you!". Disrespected a third time, he posts: "That's it! I was gonna throat punch that fucker but I didn't wanna stoop to his level! You better be thankful I started meditating recently!" etc.
Dana held a massive grudge against EA, then when he saw the money-making potential he put his hand in theirs.
If there are no HQ from this, someone should be punished.
My post was to OP, not you. Thanks though.
I would. Dana went back on his word many, many times. If there's money in it, you can be sure he'll find a way.
I watched it several times and don't remember anything like that. Are you sure you're not talking about another fighter?
Wait, you mean someone who's not a pro boxer doesn't move like a pro boxer? Shocking.
When reached for comment, Mr. Hunt responded: &gt; How bout u go an fuck off my fight then u peice of shit u think I need a stupid fuckwitt like u telling me im a living legend who the fuck are u take your worthless admiration and get the fuck out of here
It's called a trilby, fuckface.
My mom does.
Touch it with your index finger, then recite, "I summon the spirit of the comment removal gods". Within 90 minutes of doing this, it will vanish.
Ohhhhhh, I've been looking for you for YEARS! Hey there ;)
Whore.
It's not just one word. I could list dozens that we're not supposed to use anymore because *some* group based on religion/sex/culture/disability/etc. finds it offensive. Enough is enough.
How did you contract it?
It's not that; it's that it's stupid to think that Claudia is saying this just because Joanna beat her.
Beautiful. I love it when drunk pieces of shit get destroyed. I'd give that dancer all my money.
That means Werdum and Mir have past terrorist activities too.
What an obvious fake. u/Borbely_R isn't the sharpest knife in the drawer.
&gt; Well honestly I found this subreddit thanks to him Did he mention this sub?
&gt; I'll cry watching The Flash What a little bitch.
Would be the biggest concentration of pieces of shit in one place in recent memory.
&gt; There's a reason he isn't a fan favorite. The reason being the fans are stupid? Cuz he didn't "sit out" for a long time; he was set to fight Hendricks. He finished a tough camp, made weight and was ready to fight, then Hendricks pulled out in the last minute, and Dana gave Woodley the shot.
This is gonna be a good fight. Can't wait.
He got too big and important too fast. Surrounded by sycophants, everything this cowboy did was a-ok no matter how wrong. It took the fist of the law to knock some sense into him.
Not to mention it doesn't show the dog dying inside. That predicable surprised reaction qualifies as "dying inside"? OP sucks.
&gt; Another example would be someone like BJ Penn No, BJ Penn would definitely not be another example.
Fun fact: you will.
Most if not all fighters have used PED's. None of them fights like Jones.
Some guy with a blog and a hateboner for Ali is a "journalist reporting facts" now?
When you look at the oops and see absolutely no reason for the person to do it.
This isn't a politics subreddit. The hell are you talking about?
This means you need more upward mobility so you could afford a computer.
So eating meat means you should be ok with all animals being tortured? Sound logic. Ironclad argument. Virtually irrefutable.
Says who?
&gt; Don't get a fricken animal unless you fully commit to it's whole life Is that a rule *you* instituted? Being kind to animals shouldn't be attached to onerous demands like this.
So you chose some dog over your own mother? The woman who gave birth to you, cradled you, protected you, fed you, cleaned you, embraced you, endured your noise and demands and bodily functions for years and is the only person in the world who loved/loves you unconditionally? You are much worse than the woman in this post. I pray I never meet you even accidentally.
Just being a sound of sanity in a sea of stupidity. Look at the craziness here. Some are actually calling for her to get murdered over this.
So the girl is a piece of shit for taking care of the dog for years and findng it a new home. And anyone who defends her is a piece of shit too. I see. When did your abnormal infatuation with dogs start? Do you kiss your dog too? Buy her gifts on valentines day? Share the bed with her? Buy her lingerie and fuck her? Be forthright. I will make you a case study on research I'm conducting.
Aldo's TDD is amazing: https://streamable.com/0xxwt
We have done to OP the reddit equivalent of what was done in this video.
That's also the same face he made after the shooting.
You do realize he has not been convicted of anything, right? Keep playing judge and jury though, must be fun.
Low-effort comment. Since it's r/mma, memes and bad comments are considered quality, so this will surely end up at the top. Edit: yep, just as expected, second highest comment.
Please, you're the biggest anti-Khabib troll in this sub. If he changed his will to give you his entire fortune you'd find something there to criticize.
Only God can help Conor against Khabib.
Look at this Daniel Cormier kick: https://streamable.com/rqpln Do nothing but this kick for the whole class.
