I had to pay bribes just to prove I am a human being while issuing for passport.
I disagree with certain posters here. Hinduism is a derivation of various cultures and is more of a people's religion, IMO. While not going into social and other ramifications, lets keep it spiritual in this reply. Although hinduism proposes an existance of a god as singular (Bhraman). Just like you have different grades for children who are different mental capabilities and maturity, similarly the philosophies of hinduism also accounts for the differences of level of spiritual maturity of individuals. Most of them are unevolved and cannot grasp more than what they touch and feel through their senses. In a slightly more complicated way, they are engrossed in the maya(grand illusion?) of the universe. So, for the starter hindu, they (pandits/proponents) will advise to pick an ishta-devta (Favoraite god) and start worshiping. Different people will like different gods due to stories or properties attributed to them in popular religious culture. What point does this serve? One must know what to ask of wish from the universe/god, and must pray in that direction - this is the basic tenet of any religion. If there exists a god who helps during financial calamities or helps improve them (Such as Lakshmi in Hinduism), the devotee focuses his/her thought on such a form/force and prays in that direction. In simple words, Idols, the attributes and stories, helps the devotee focus his thoughts and meditate more coherently. This basically helps with teaching how to meditate and devote oneself. Having idols will help the devotee feel he/she has served the almighty for their aspirations. Most idols are symbolism, and all practices aid in visual support for the recitation of the vedas/mantra (Sorta like religious hymns) in situations to aid the devotee. As one spends more time in devotion they may evolve to learn the forms of god are for focusing on worldly needs or desires, while the very same meditation learnt will help focus on a much higher goal, moksha (or unity with the bhraman/almighty). Sometimes it takes more than a few lifetimes to evolve from this phase. Idolatory is a basic expression of spirituality - prayer to gods (visual forms) or demi-gods is for accomplishment of worldly goals. Weather it works or not is a matter of another debate. If you go a little historically, when vedic religion spread, it did not as such destroy religious practices of the locals, rather incorporated them at best. Even today, the gods prayed to (minor or less popular ones) would be different in the North of India compared to south, yet the higher level spirituality or concepts of the same (The formless, omnipotent, etc god). As such Hinduism does not emphasis prayer to the Bhraman. You'll fine no priest or knowledgeable person saying "Pray to the bhraman or perform certain rituals for the bhraman" (Not bhrama! That's another visualized god). That's because, then again one would be mixing the maya with the moksha. Maya: Worldly activities --&gt; prayer with purposes (even world peace is a worldly purpose) --&gt; accomplishment of the same --&gt; prayer to gods attributed with qualities which will help one with the same --&gt;may include meditating upon the said god. Moksha: Medidation in breaking free from the maya --&gt; unity with the Bhraman. TL;DR: Idolatory helps in the spiritual evolution where the devotee realizes, not just intellectually, that purpose of meditation or faith or whatever is unity with the bhraman. P.S: In Hinduism, ask as much questions as one gets, as inquiry or the spirit of it again is primodial for moksha. Ofcourse, Like Gandhi says, challenging rituals or practices or changing them is the job of the people following the religion (as for other religions as well), or else the purpose would only be defamation. This lacks any taste, theological or otherwise.
This is an explanation given to the simple devotee who cannot grasp complex concepts....or to a child.
You do your job, in the best way you can, in the most just way you can. - Dharma Do not think of its divine ramifications unless it is a very big step. If if it may have, you still do your duty starting from preserving your life and evolving spiritually - Nishkramya You pursue wealth, achievements and necessities as required of you and for you. - Artha You pursue pleasures, (although it is advised with good judgement) - Kama You pursue spiritual evolution and breaking free from the maya - moksha. Lets break up your worries: 1. Intimate relation. Explanation: It is said that sharing food or bed with another increases your karmic load. This means you may have several more interactions with that person until the so called debts are cleared, in this life or future ones. Solution: Keep them less and be as just as possible to the people you have sex with. Beyond that be nishkrmyik. 2. College - infinite problems, infinite issues. What if your father had a bigger debt to pay to you in an another life? and you picking a college right for you, but is costlier is actually clearing that debt more rather than the cheaper one? (Ofcourse this all just hypothesis) You are not the only one bound in the karmic chakra. Solution: Choose which is best for your future and your needs. Do your best for your future career. Do not worry about divine ramifications. 3. Washing dishes Solution: Give it your best, be learned about the basic science behind it. Fear of karmic dominoe effect should not make one idle. Action is important. That's how you as well as people around you and the soceity will move onward. Just as your actions may cause effects on others, one must not stop performing. Keep your intentions positive, or at best detached from the results. Let the universe decide the rest.
You did not understand the question.
I believe, smriti are more like laws or codes, which were designed to mange societies during the age they were written down. There are several smiritis, with manusmriti being the most famous (or infamous) one. Smritis have a lifespan or rather, social situation bound. Today's times are different from the times manusmriti describes, and hence I believe it needs to be shelved (Not necessarily destroyed). In the more modern sense, our (Indian) constitution can be termed as a modern smriti (albeit under perpetual construction). I would like to declare I do not have much knowledge nor interest on this subject. My opinions can be ignored if they are factually incorrect.
Wait what? Treated like untouchable for carrying copies of the vedas? What is this, reverse universe?
No, I have been consistent - just in case let me clarify. I support jokes (not deliberate insults) at the same time I support reactions to it. A comedian can joke on someone, and people who are offended have the right to express too. Why? Because one without the other will lead to an extremely sarcastic society or an extremely moderated society. We need both. In this particular case, ~~everyone~~A lot of ppl on /r/India is supporting the comedian. OP's post: &gt;What I don't understand is, if Tanmay mimicked and indirectly insulted Sachin and the the singer lady, what business do their fans have with being offended? The joke is on the idols, not on the fans. If someone insults my family, it would make more sense for my family to be offended at him than me being so. Then again, we're talking about India, the land of temperamental people. So I am just helping drawing two lines. I guess I am not helping. lol.
IMO, The only time both countries would trust each other this much (when they are both NOT developed enough), is that one country 'saves' the other from annihilation (from a 3rd party?), even when they were not required to (going out of the way).
&gt; Indira Failed because she went after the men. When taken out of context; it explains why she was assassinated. /s
Bankrupt or not, India needs to stop obsessing about pakistan. We need to move on to bigger challenges. Yes, keep and eye...but not complete attention anymore.
So, 43 more to go?
US is wooing India so much that it is starting to scare me. What do they want? We don't even have oil.
How would that even be possible? How will it solve anything except partially slake your animosity?
There is an old story which goes briefly, "When the Parsi people landed on Indian shores, the then King of ~~Bengal~~ Gujrat(?) sent their leader a full glass of milk (Symbolizing, there is no more place to accommodate them). The wise leader put a spoon full of sugar into the milk and stirred it - sent it back to the king. The King then welcomed the people." and the rest is history. In current context, I'd say the Indian Muslims are like [Roohafza] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rooh_Afza) in the milk.
Hopefully it would be limited to the cow-belt. No one is safe in the cow belt. Hindu nor Muslim.
As you see, the states are opting neither. Its disappointing at the same time smart. The people are choosing a seemingly good party at the center where FP, Fin and General matters but are choosing regional parties at state levels - Neither BJP nor congress are really interested in uplifting states individually in anyway.
*immoral?
Russia will get pushed away from India if India-US interests align. Although it is in the best interests to have good relations with the US, it is a concern if that relation pushes a long-time associate away. This would in turn end up with Russia looking for new markets to sell its weapons (like Pakistan) - again detrimental for India. India has more often than not manages its FP well by being in good relations with most players. I only hope it does not lose old associates trying to forge new ones.
Its the easiest way to weaken border states. At the same time financially profitable. Maybe it also helps governments - corruption to subdue the ruling class, drugs to subdue the people. If you notice, some of the border areas are usually exceptionally corrupt. Congress has used this as a strategy in insurgency/terrorism hit areas as well in the past.
Or make India populate dying countries - like Japan/Russia.
Indeed, So Aloo-Gobi and not Butter Chicken is Punjab's national bird.
You are right, except, India is relatively neutral, US is nowhere close.
I believe there is a shift from making policies Pak oriented anymore. Apart from terrorism (and maybe a little Kashmir), we have no time or necessity to think about Pakistan. We need to make place for our massive youth and give them peaceful aspirations and purpose. We are in transit hopping-on China based policies....to Asia-region based policies. Competing with China is only a checkpoint at most. That's a really good way to go about things. Unlike US, who always seems to have a need for an "enemy" country, India has identified potential threats, but policies are for regional stability and co-operation. I hope this will give us good karma.
Oh, it has two capitols which are seasonal? That's news to me.
Dude, as a fellow Indian, I'd suggest you to stop commenting on this sub - don't u see, almost no Indians respond now-a-days. Don't break your head. It was fun while it lasted. Not anymore.
Frightening. Just means, One has no idea who is behind all of this?
Well, I don't know what BD feels about India per se, but I feel such co-operation is the need of decade/century.
I have seen/heard no records, stories or hymns that speaks of slavery. My information may be limited though. The closest thing to slavery was 'bonded labour' due to the zamindari system during pre-independent India (India abolished it as soon as it became independent).
No.
Although I have stopped responding and am NP mode (yeah, dont even vote) on this sub, because IMO not just me, for a lot of /r/Indians Pak is becoming lesser relevant... Regarding modi bhakts, I don't defend them. Its pitiful human nature seeking out godly heroes. More pitiable is that they are still obsessed with Pakistan, even when the ship has sailed with more sensible people. There will always be such people who wont learn... We have our own challenges, visions and lots of catching up to do with really relevant nations. People are learning and moving on slowly. I'd still like to credit the news site for some really good articles of different perspectives.
you forgot the /s.
Doesn't matter. We, as a society must give people the chance to correct their err, even if they are grade A assholes. Persecute them only after. Secondly, as someone else pointed out, he almost immediately corrected his statement (somewhat), but no one (except Indian Express I think) reported that.
Only as a preservative (equivalent) and not necessarily used for working. He is preparing ready to use reagent, so does not need methanol.
obligatory comment on any Space related news from India.
I thought India did not want F-16s but capabilities that will compete and outpace f-16s
This post is linked to a completely different article....and its got 8 upvotes even. Does no one click?
The timing of this news (even if old) is quite intriguing
Dude, don't bother responding on /r/pak; most of indians have given up on it. They circlejerk their own idiocy and paranoia. Just look around, the Indians responding to this sub has reduced greatly. I come to this sub just to feel, "Ok atleast there is a country which is having everything worse..."....and am mostly non-participant.
Pair pe kulhadi maroge, woh bhi baar baar.... toh tereko rokega kaun?
No. it is not. I thought so at first, not anymore. Contributions which atleast in part stroke your egos are only appreciated. Anything otherwise is not.
They do this in punjab a lot....treat cars like fucking trains....
Maybe its Maybelline.
Oh boy, that sour look on his face.
That's just... Hanzo needs to go.
This just goes to show that, just like how India made her own nuke, they need to develop things further for her own sake. We cannot expect favors from the world without expecting them to treat India like a lackey. Their constant comparison with Pakistan also indicates where they place us in their minds. You and I know that our policies are much different and have gone much ahead of where Pakistan is today or where it will sitting for a decade atleast... yet we are equated. China? It bodes well for China to keep Indian growth under their shoe. Clearly, every single individual of our country have to go back to their respective drawing boards, however insignificant they feel it is, and chart out a new future. As Dr. Kalam once said, "No one is going to listen to you if you are not powerful as a Nation."
Else Kashmir would be solved with not the best interests of India in mind?
When Kashmiri raise IS flags, one can understand that they have no idea about the world around them. Even the 'first Islamic State - Pakistan' is not Pro-IS or its ideologies, and tries to regularly cull such thoughts/opinions. Freedom of expression or rather kashmir's abuse of the same to rile India is extremely misguided and short-sighted. What do they really thing Kashmir will be like if its completely taken over by IS agenda? Nothing short of a desert.
He is talking about pakistan.
understandable...they brush their own flaws under the carpet. Anything coming from India will be thrown out into the sea.
So, do we also wait for the news how all of it was buried/destroyed because it was pre-islamic? I read a news where people were considering burying Indus-valley sites for the same reason. Ofcourse I appreciate greatly that the government/people in-charge did not let anything like that happen - helped preserve the world heritage site.
1. Because they (hindus) don't behave that way. 2. They behave as though they grudgingly accepted the changes.
Was in the news man. Some politician claiming to try and re-bury them. It was on On /r/Pak too a long time ago. Besides, from the reactions of people on /r/Pak, no one actually reads/studies about the sites in mainstream. Is it true? When posted of videos, most denizens seems quite surprised and have a "TIL" halo.
I meant 'to bury again' in modern times...(like less than 3-4 years ago). Some of Pak politician was quoted saying it. Ofcourse, I'll accept that nothing of that sort should happen... Its not like Pak is Afgh, where they destroy statues with cannons... =.=" I have not talked about what ended the civilization, etc.
"hindu reformers" were just a handful one could count them with the tips of their fingers. Their battle was with the society at large, and even now it is slow to change. Call it a boon or a bane; Although I am quite happy/proud/satisfied with Hinduism, it has had this characteristic slow evolution rate (But it does evolve!! Unlike most others!) Looking at families closely, I believe the reason is more so because people (or rather individuals) dont want to bear the burden/responsibility of a negative fallout of any change they accept (if any). Whence they are forced to change, they atleast have that excuse. In Christianity or other religions with proper heads, the onus and responsibility of fallouts for change would be on this....in a system like Hinduism, who bears this? The shoulders of the common man is too weak to courageously take a conscious decision to do so, until/unless situations forces them and leaves them no alternative. Common man thinks, "If a system has worked well for many many centuries, why change it." while the shastras decree, "Laws (Smritis) can be changed as per evolving times and societies..." Hence, on topic, yes, I do accept to a reasonable degree that so-called rationalists, etc have a reasonable argument when they say hindu society at large were less inclined to change, even for the good. Yet, I feel unless this root apprehension and doubts are cleanly addressed, any reformation would be extremely distasteful and lacking proper co-operation from the society at large.
I was of the opinion that most of Pakistani history taught was that which was only related/relevant to Pakistan (more or less). Meaning, none of the subjects that lauds Indian achievements.
What bullshit.
She's a celebrity - it is part of their jobs to be on the papers and do random publicity stunts- how they go about is it a matter of taste and debate. But none of that should cause her to feel insecure, unless she has done something extremely bad for national security/best interests of the people. If you feel anyone 'should feel insecure' and rather 'stay home' that try to be in the limelight, that's just bullshit. I am not saying her ways are wrong or right, but she must be allowed to act stupid if she wants to. The only thing she must fear/think about is criticism, not for her life. Am I more clear now?
What's a Hindu Ummah?
Start your own religion and then have a following.
How do they know 'at the behest of Pakistan'?
What if certain community or group in an area are really in a bad shape and are under represented? The other three also have their hearts in the right place.
OP probably feels, "Since he was regularly invited on the newshour debate with Arnub, he must be an idiot."
I believe this is a fake news? Looking at the source...rajnikant CID Jokes?
Have you seen the Hidden gandhi on the 500Re notes? Looks like a caricature by Laxman
IMO, most mangas with romance in them do that. Nozoki Ana was a nightmare for me, when it ended.
Decisive victories are very rare in modern warfare. Usually it's ceasefire agreements with tons of casualties and lost/gained but disputed land - again a painful political problem. I would not call them winning, personally.
Oh please...this only reminds us of the idiot moraji desai.
I skipped your reply. Understood. Here...take my upvote and go.
Holy...its only kulbushan yadav in every single article and report... and the evidence so dubious even. Do they know how many Pakistanis Indian security agencies catch in a single year? Imo the only reason the world listens to Pakistan, is because of its interests...none of its content. Pakistan could go around claiming india uses a unicorn emmitting saffron waterfall from its ass every single month and the world would nod, "Mm hmm, I am listening..." I feel sometimes The thing Pakistan does so successfully is delegitamize and trivialise India-pakistan issues successfully in the international forum.
Don't be ridiculous. If the SC - 5 nations do it, it's fine. Any other country does it, and the SC - 5 will sanction their asses for next two decades.
I tell them, "not giving anything to kids, you should be in school now"
Does it matter if you are a girl or guy?
We still do that in several countries
Nahi. Vietnam is also threatened by China's territorial expansionist ideology. India has practically lost 1/3rd of Jammu and Kashmir state to China's betrayal/designs and another one of its state is claimed Disputed by China in more recent times. India is helping Vietnam defend itself. Akash missiles have little potency in offence.
I think RSS head
Condemn.
Y'all from England complaining.... think of the colonies man. We had to learn stuff which even England limps with.
Well, that ending was quite different to the anime where mine dies.
The heck are you smoking bro?
How is this a TL;DR?
She is really pretty, Indian or not. Although its all "cover the face, ffudge the base"....in porn, the face is quite important.
Whats the problem? Give the Seperatists a new enemy to kill. That way India can call them terrorists and not just morcha waale seperatists and wipe them out. P.S: /s
I live in bangalore, but my language is not Kannada but tamil, but I completely support this. I mean, even I learned a bit of Punjabi and refined my Hindi when I went north so much that people though that I was a northie...but Delhiites when they go anywhere? No sir. Motherfuckers...lock them in the capital, they are a pain in the ass.
Truth be told, Bangalore was very friendly to everyone in the beginning. Was. Prolly the first influx of Northies fucked everything up.
How is this related to India?
For what they were allowed to maneuver they managed a decent job. The centre has tried to restrict in every single way, which is why he cried foul. Ofcourse a seasoned politician would work their way around it but BJP has a good grasp of control compared to anyone else...so its questionable. IMO, he needs more experience and a specially more freedom of movement. Delhi is usually greatly under the power of centre, so It would be not the best to judge AAP based on that alone.
The border between China and Pakistan is not our business, don't you think?
As long as they pick it up and dispose it thoughtfully.
So the ship of thesus paradox emerges?
Arry wah! Aljazeera with a positive news about india!?
No, OP is partly correct in her world view... as your view can be superimposed upon Religious ideologies and can cause more havoc. People should be educated but some people can use it (One's views) in the wrong sense as well. Its more of a case-by-case thing, like with Science, mostly yes. With other stuff...speculate. Kindly put an IMO before the start of your post.
Herpes should be the least of his worries.
Um...to the ignorant...how does 'going to the roadside prostitute work'? :/ what do ask them like? 'Mereko is position mein karna h?'
Ignore this guy, pcmasterrace.
Is it just me or is anyone else embrassed by using such force with a non-political entitity? (I.e: bussiness entitiy)
I can hear eurpore heiveing a sigh or relief.
I thought they had nearly 50pc of world's thorium... Did Congress manage to sell of 25pc? Lol
We keep reading it and what not... Why is there no scheme which says on a national level reported by farmers themselves: 1. Seeds bought 2. Amount planted 3. Expected yeild (as per historical databanks) 4. Actual yeild Before actual planting or growth themselves people will be forewarned what plant is being grown and which is expected to be surplus...so that farmers can change?
Sell it to an idiot who does not understand economics and easily ennamoured
Don't need a PC, so I dont care for its configs.
Wrt Beef; Dont cook at home. 24h moratorium before kissing.
China feeling humiliated, just was curious for that source because China definitely is not showing that in its policy.
Who are the 8
The last I knew, there was only 1 village.
This guy is a legend. For someone who could not read sanskrit very well nor relative who had time to tell the puranas... Learning the stories in a simple way....
In recent times: So I met this startup founder (calls himself CEO) for a discussion/interview. He told me his general plans for his company and its future potential and said I would play a very important role in it (help bring finances and sales). He would later give me a share of the percentage as well. I told him, that's all good, how am I to get paid right now? I need to survive somewhat. I told him my current salary and would expect atleast around 50-70% of that to make survival easy. He said if he paid me that much and I left in a month, he would get nothing done and be that much loss of capital. We did some calculations and he hard negotiated to bring it down to around 40-50% with 25% for some initial weeks, which I can all get back when things fly. He then asked my working hours. I said 9-4/m-f. He asked me what about other times? I said I'll find a second job or work on something which I already was in to help pay bills. He lost his shit and called me a non-risk taker, he wants me available throughout the day or night. He does not want someone who has a plan b, cos then they won't put their all in a plan A. Secondly my second job/ideas would conflict with this later when we do similar stuff. He said it wont work - get back to me later but drop everything else and work at a pittance and risk your everything, "like I do" and rewards would be great. Else don't come back. I was like, "wtf did I just hear?" P.S: are all start up founders like this? Cos I got the vibe of, "you maybe right, but you definitely an asshole. Your attitude will kill/make your company your future employees." People with startup experience can elaborate.
India-bangaldesh had 3rd order enclaves. Only ones to have in the world.
Um...take a leaf from modi. "Don't ducking bother"
The only good experience I had was my job needing done with chandigarh passport office after the himachal one messed it up.
No wonder people of most other communities fight to not be included under its ambit.
Our country offers scholarships at undergraduate level? I'd like to know this too.
WWhen economies are bad, that's when great innovative startups emerge
I am sorry for you man, but I laughed. Sorry.
Perhaps the first mention in the Vedas were the source for the mahabharata names? Like we name our children Krishna and Arjuna... that does not mean we confuse ourself.
Can someone more aware tell me what is the exact situation with China n taiwan? Are they one country or no? Do they need visas to travel into each other? Are there any restrictions? It's a little over my head.
Congress will push it's political capital from preventing it as it will result in bjp getting votes cos of it. Maybe at the end, Congress will say yes and claim because they said yes, it happened.
Oh...that kinda puts a lot of people as half stupids, don't ya think?
That's welfare.
They should impose. They'll know what feeling powerless then will be.
But what has a 7 year old gotta do with money?
In karnataka, had to drive a square with hand signals and then reverse within the square
The dance, himalayas, bhramaputra, very close to China, Bangladesh and mayanmar (atheist, Muslim and Buddhist neighbours - the deep sea, devil and time bomb) so I am a little scared for them... potential of being another kashmir (which I don't want), had the privilege to be associated with Subhash chandra bose(?), orthodox/flourishing tribals converted to Christianity. most importantly, Indians.
Your friends are too much into the loop and are forced to behave that way. Something like corruption, where you aren't.
When any world army puts forth it's strategies to the press for everyone to read...i feel it's highly suspect and more so a bluff.
Our democracy has failed us on 7 counts to 3. We vote and idolise the worse candidates - thieves and such who have no interest in nation building. If the nation gets built in the process of their profit, that's how policy seems to be driven. The only thing that's holding the nation is culture, which a double edged sword. It's also holding us back. But it's preventing an implosion at a depriving cost
Hitting civilians through out the country. Needs to be investigated asap.
Oh, I am a vegetarian so I don't stock meat at home. Anything else? It seemed to be munching the biscuits pretty actively.
They denied it.
Oh am sorry, his question was if I was Australian, now if I was in Australia. Hope that clears it.
Meri birth certificate nikalne mein goberment ki halat kharab ho jati h...kya baat kar rahe ho sirjee
I did not know. I am not trying to. Calm the fuck down. If they like insects that's good as its easier.
I did not know what good for them or not, when I did not even know the bird. Water is good. Insects, well its Australia, there's bound to be one crawling inside home every few days - I can always present tribute to them. Meat, they seemed pretty resourceful to find them on their own, looking at meat pieces around home once a week.
I would not throw blame on ISI or Pakistan without evidence, since the motive is not enough. Both of them know perfectly well that they have a lot of loose if India were to retaliate in a similar manner. Then again, we don't now intent, so too early to judge.
i said scared FOR them. Not OF them. Big difference...
America is the geo-political Barney Stinson?
Today's politics is just like warfare of the old times. Any means necessary to remain in power.
The customer should win it easily. Even if you write it in Sanskrit or Assamese (in a south Indian state forexample) and try to encash it, it is the bank's responsibility to translate and get it done.
1. Karnataka has the only 1(or 2 now) Sanskrit speaking villages of the entire country. 2. You have many many "Homemade" food restaurants in gullies of Punjab cities (Chd, Mohali, Amritsar etc) making it a economic choice for stomach filling food. 3. You reach your destinations about an hour early when you travel at night than day in Himachal and its quite safe and the bus drivers are amazingly skilled.
They have already bought a lot of land in Australia, but it's not Punjab's. It's badal's.
Animal rights groups like PETA and other animal lovers who support this.
Although I am highly inclined on blaming the government, I am sure they are not printing the notes.
Finally, we get the penis state of India as well. Quite ironic, After the Telengana split, GOI told Andhri, "Lun lele". Just like what florida is for the US.
Epified is just story telling. All that drawing seems pointless....maybe just to keep it unique.
Came for a slugfest. Disappointed.
I may have a so-so view of AAP, but one thing is certain, I am really loving the attention it is getting from big parties who monopolized everything. If AAP is even remotely successful, I am sure more honest-ish parties will emerge. AAP is just a party for most, but represents a renaissance in politics for the hopeful. What the country needs is that hope, that people who want to improve the nation...can survive in politics.
total.
There is more to the story than murder...
Whenever I see how the authorities ignore NE 2x more than ROI, I die a little inside. I mean, its like, GOI at the center/state have already given up on NE thinking it would be Chinese territory in the next few decades. Similarly to Kashmir...Independent or anexed or trifurcated...."lets not spend money on something that won't be ours...else we'll be the Chandrababu Naidu of the world..." attitude.
Story of all central states? Lack of development...
In that ...vein, we humans in modern times need to adhere to Krishna's suggestion/instruction to Arjuna. Do our duty towards Dharma. Ofcourse in Kali Yuga, those who fight to uphold dharma will suffer a lot, but that's how it is. We do our duty, as that is also a part of the grand plan(?).
So no one knows who's responsible for 1500 KGs of explosives... No one is claiming responsibility - while Taliban denies responsibility saying it does not target civilians, does not randomly bomb without an intended target. Afghan media is pinning it on Haqqani and the ISI, Pakistan - but there is no proper evidence for this yet.
Most news outlets only talk about New Delhi and near by areas. I once in a while hear about south - only if issues have escalated to bigger ones. So NE feeling left out has some company.
Entertainment. Entertainment. Entertainment.
how is that a reason for India not to include Australia. Should that not be a reason to include her?
What's the alternative?
Did they do the survey in the BIMARU states?
Up you go
When I first started this manga, the art startled me - it was amazing for a cooking based manga. Later I was told the author is a famous hentai mangaka/artist. Currently I am on a reading hiatus waiting for it to accumulate chapters.
Like that has stopped anyone.
I thought u can't pull keys out when on?
what? I really did not get that analogy.
Not in particular, I guess. But Since this is a latest chapter Disc, I thought I'd give a fair warning before someone starts talking to me about latest developments, which i have no Idea about.
A discrimination is slightly better than complete Ignore/indifference.
After they go to war with China for a stupid reason - they will target us. Rest assured.
Chinese allies are Pakistan and North Korea with some support from Russia. Their people are concentrated at the east coast - Chineese Nuclear doctrine is same as India's - No first use, only deterants. The chineese have limited War experience compared to the US, and dont have the capabilities enough to fight a gurrilla war like Pakistan does. There are a dozen other impediments to give impetus to that idea ofcourse, and hopefully that should be able resist it before it even comes close to a war like scenario. US being a slowly declining power - unless they do major policy changes to keep their position, for which they have lots of time - only time can prevent such an occurrence at present. Whatever the case maybe, India shouldn't help out china - history is witness that their concept of honor and goodness is different to ours. In the Extreamly unlikely event that US, China go to war, India must wait it out because ... war is expensive monetarily, moral-wise, HR wise and diplomatically.
I went crossing two districts in Himachal to get a rose for her, skipping class and what not (maybe a test?). This was because I could not find flowers anywhere close by. She was in a bad mood, and it was just not the right time to talk such a conversation - just wished her well and walked away. Maybe I was born stupid, maybe it was make believe. I just dont think of "what if.." about that day anymore - except that the event occurred.
What? lol...what? No, I had to seek a florist - on that particular day, local florists had ran out of roses.
Okay, your reply seems better than mine.
Yes, my friend.
What is that even supposed to mean?
She does not know, but her friends do.
I hope everyone understands that just having an electric car is not clean. Even the energy source needs to be clean. If we are burning coal for the energy then it's just the same pollution at a different source. All electric cars is a great dream, but de we have enough clean energy to replace all that fossil fuel we consume with something that's not coal or cleaner? Just a rain check - our grids are not enough to power our homes yet.
Your explanation is like using one handkerchief to cover the genitals of the entire village.
The problem with your examples are - they at best punch holes into India was not a nation before the British theory. The fact that they have always been a set of political kingdoms having similar, but not the same culture gives strength to this theory. A more stronger evidence - empirical, literary, archeological and the like is required to solidify this claim. Personally, I support your stance as I am more aware of our cultural nuances than an outsider. You could blame the alternative faction unable to provide suitable voice to challenge the narrative.
Its still not "no pollution" like most people believe it to be.
*waves tiny Indian flag against the strong winds of Western corporation-countries and SC powers*
Dawn writes really good articles compared to Indian newspapers. Secondly, its voices are anti-rhetoric that we usually see in our news sources - no its not necessarily unbiased, but atleast provides good counter-narrative. So if a positive news is being promoted by Dawn, probably...definitely India did something good/praiseworthy. Also, the vociferous and vitriolic Indian online media consumers know that Dawn is consumed by a large chunk of Pakistani mangoes - so, slug fests are thought to reach their intended targets.
Why does your attire read "Cum Penis".... oh wait...different country and different language. my bad. *considers meme investment*
Forgive my ignorance but, If Australia is protected by UK's and US's nuclear umbrella, why does it need nukes? Secondly, Since Aus is not really a republic, does it not come under UK's responsibility in these cases? Lastly, needing nukes to destroy carrier groups is a bit too much - even a few MOABs or the like can do the job. Australia have no necessity for nukes, its too much trouble for little benefit.
Indian Shia barely constitute 5%, while the world average is 10-30%, so no. India is massive sunni majority. At best, Shia are relatively safe with little persecution in India.
Apologies, i meant "My friend is a devotee" in my original post. He is a revered peer or a wise fakir or sadhu. He actually does not represent any religion as such - people say he has muslim origins but treated people or all religions equally. He did not object to a child - later the local populace's reverence through hindu-style puja. Until then he had a following of both hindus and muslims. There are stories where followers objected to him being worshiped in a hindu way. TBF, he held no religious position, but the hindus prayed to him in the way they know - making others sorta abandon him - thus getting absorbed into hinduism by default. His teachings are universal, and definitely someone who preaches universal love will find a home in hinduism. Although mainstream hinduism do not acknowledge him to be of reverence as he does not talk about the vedas and such, he definitely has a massive following. I personally have neither positive nor negative view of him - but I do respect him for his teachings and wisdom.
It's funny actually, when it started - the whilstleblowing - it was encouraged by dig vijay as it was targeting congress. He was smiling. And whenever it started bringing out bjp names , the murders escalated.
Tricke down is a massive scam if I ever saw one. Nothing trickles down enough - mostly gets held tight at the top.
Why I am very curious about this case is because what he is trying to achieve in Australia is what he probably has well established in India. We can know how far and wide the rabbit hole really goes. Although, I didn't expect Australia to cave in to his "I care less for the world, environment and the like" ways but I appreciate the resistance and arguments. That'll help know where to start looking in India.
My dad teaches sanskrit to a few people online through Skype. Mostly people runaway when he asks them to pay - apparently for some reason, in India there is a current belief, everything to do with sanskrit is supposed to be done for free. The whole guru dakshina concept makes people get away with giving peanuts after months of effort. He used to teach for free (nearly) when he had a source of income - but now he is retired (60+) and needs some money to survive. He did his bachelors and masters in sanskrit just a few years ago and is trying for PhD. He is a qualified engineer, who speaks very eloquent English and used to work for a big power company in India. If you have basic questions, to ones where learning sanskrit through Skype or something else - I can ask him. Generally classes are like regular attendance, exams are pretty straight forward - I have not been asked to write essays or such in sanskrit even in school. This was over 10 years ago, don't know the system currently. I can read and write very basic sanskrit even though I passed with 90%. You'll need more than that to understand the works you are interested in.
Thank you for the invite. Namaste to you too.
Pure gauistan mein ek hi bewafa ho sakti h kya?
Hehe pay wall.
If India has that many spare soilders they need to keep them as back up for Kashmir and maoist troubles.
There's only once cyber cell in the city, as per google - Parents and sister going there tomorrow morning.I think we have them. In my e-mail and other e-mail addresses - but its not his/her number. Its like an alt or a fake number that the spy app uses by redirecting messages in whatsapp.
Hey, I did not ask them - they broke the phone and then called me cos they were paranoid. But the stalker says he still has access to her and even if she changes phone he/she can still track her down. - begs the question.
That's what i've told her...i have prepared my family for collateral damage (of going to the police or trying to catch him/her). Personally I dont know what data/images/etc he/she has or what my sis has taken - neither did I feel privy to ask. Family using android devices - no apples in our orchard.
Thank you for the message. Helped.
I am unable to reach parents currently. They might be at the cyber cell. I was sleeping when they called (my bad). I'll update as soon as I get info myself.
Currently the main source of third party actions are phone(s?).
It probably is, hence I've told them be cautious - everyone is a suspect.
I guess it comes off as a shock to most people as to how an interferer became an interferee
Yes they would also be perhaps probed. I personally don't trust their 'helpfull' intentions
Still need an fir man.
I am not ruling anyone out.
Sorry bad connection. Deleted.
5k vs 30k? Who does ousen think mouten is? Israle?
As long as u finally pass before u finish ur course naturally, u wud be fine.
How do generals know the enemy's positioning?
Keep it cool n natural n it'll be fine.
I consider myself experienced in LDR, as all my relationships for atleast 3-5 months to 3 years were LDRs. 1. You start to love/like the mental image of your partner rather than the partner himself/herself - a red flag. 2. You want to either chat too often or once or twice a day for longer periods - phone call, skypecalls, text, etc. Not everything is or can be told through phone or texts. 3. LDR needs more commitment and patience than passion and loyalty. 4. If you are more of a touchy-feely type, it's not for you. If you like reading books, playing online games, day dream - it can be for you but refer point 1. If you like to take things really slow, have a good habit of delayed gratification and lots of patience, and resist the favourite ice cream in the fridge - maybe it should work out. 5. It's a lot like the prisoner's dilemma when you are not communicating during the day. 6. Try not to lie, and warn and declare if you are moving on - don't cheat. 7. It's a lot like love, but it's not complete. Make sure you get out of your imaginary phase when you are with each other.
This. People say "today's problems in the middle east". No, middle east was problematic even before Islam. It was always being fought on, today it's being fought over.
People dividing themselves into groups when as a single entity they become to large and individuals want to differentiate themselves. Sooner or later - there is warfare and genocide. Today we look at it as a great shock and condemn it, but there have been too many such 'group' murders for times immemorial.
Even if they were all Christians or atheists, they would still be behaving like how they are today.
What are identifiable information? I'll remove that.
Doesn't matter. Pakistan knows it well. They are the go-go guys to 'contain south Asia's for the west. Or decry existential threat. Pakistan has been getting 'free' access to high technology fr the west while India had to develop a lot of it, which it could not buy. Tomorrow, if India develops something that maybe neutral in indian eyes, it would be presented as a threat to the paranoid west and lo! They get counter tech. FYI, cryogenic engine development were prevented for India for several decades by the west - until it developed it indigenously. There will many who will fear this development and out of that paranoia, Pakistan will grow stronger. Rest assured. If there is a country which plays the fear game excellently well, it's Pakistan.
You just defined half of my country.
I believe you tried to point out a bias or prejudice in my comment, when there existed none. That's why I had to correct it. If you did not mean that, it's fine. Else, it's fine too.
And here I thought it was in chess or something.
None.
when you say fuddu, matlab kya? Darpok ki chutiya?
Warcraft was legendary - I felt sad when it was underappriciated and worse - it was turned to just a DOTA engine - no wonder Overwatch was a natural evolution. I used to ask for "Warcraft normal" games or players...
Just wow. Its like being a dalit is worse than being a muslim in our society. While muslims drew the short stick, dalits couldn't even draw one. ARGUMPHHHPAHH!
whats acorns? is it a firm or company? or type of investment?
Uh, qld and Australia lost. Now they are going to face the wanton destruction that is hidden in India
It's not even our culture. It's german.
Wasnt nikki haley just saying they belive and accept pollution causing climate change. Trump also is in the same line of thinking?
US senate
It is the us's business as it has been in the discussion room for over 5 decades. Walking out now, should also be a unanimous decision.
I read it as , with him leading : casualties 100 mil. Without him: 10 mil
Everything is a sign of depression
The only way India becomes great is when every other country will...just die. No other way.
What passive aggressive? It was a clear warning that China has the ability to take the entire alliance out if it wishes to. There was nothing passive aggressive about the statement.
There is no evidence of consious thought in vitro specific eukaryotes. They would at best act as per their chemical signals. Even nutrition would be chemical as they have evolved to such specialised levels that they cannot hunt their own food if they have to put an effort in it. It's poetic to think that way but empirically it's only moot.
If you are using a tray of water on a hot plate, I would additionally suggest place some insulator between ur flask and the metal bottom, so that the flask/dish is only heated by the water around it. Although it's 30c and should not affect much, but if your expt is very temp sensitive, this can help. If it's a single waterbath, after ur 42dgs incub is done, just drop some ice and adjust temp quickly with mixing.
I am just using this thread to ask my question about this manga. Ch 8, pg 13 - has no dialogues in speech bubbles on MFox. Could someone help me here?
Ah yes! Aussie music at its finest!
No party in India is completely commie or completely left or right. That's why they get voted in.
I need lord Ganesha a to help me write up that list and tell you the story.
That's classic strawman fallacy. So I will not entertain it. But if you are asking out of genuine curiosity albeit off topic, here you go. Although, disclaimer, am not good at judging psychology researches... science/article/pii/S1053810004000893 http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2013.00625/full This below is a research that supports ur premise http://psycnet.apa.org/psycinfo/1999-02992-000 But it's quite old and I believe significant advancements have been made as said above in measuring and understanding the problem. Some more time maybe before a proper water tight answer?
How can they judge who will n who won't behave?
My bad. I thought op was genuinely asking.
The only indians who won't get any help are the ones in India, else they'll send the army. That's messed up.
Idiot. Consulates are for your own country men, mainly.
Desitweets
Occum's razor.
Manga fan here
Ae laudu bola
I did not know we had a right only green, rest stop sign. AFAIK in India, wasn't it always it's all red or all green?
That's my point...the incumbent govt does not matter. These moral policing has no leanings, it was created out of a public demand
I think about chairs ...and repeat the word aloud in an emergency. I think I saw it in a movie.
But that's the democracy we celebrate. A chaiwalla can become pm, etc.
Didn't Myanmar just lose a plane carrying around 120 people? I think it was military plane
Prolly cos of some family rule which says until elder is married younger can't get married.
God I hope so, else it would be even more terrifying.
Itna kya bhej rate the...
I am not sure what subject you are giving on, so imma gonna keep it general: 1. Usually people don't care about the introduction - if you are the first to present, then you'll have to go through it all... if you are like the 7th person for the same professors, then you better keep it brief. 2. Talk about results for the most part - high light them as how you have got good information, while ascertaining the scientific process was pretty good. 3. Keep conclusions brief (about 3~6 points) and then open the floor for questions. 4. Dumb fuck professors will ask questions on the methodologies - you can guess they did not understand much so you can answer them easily, confound them if you dont know well. Don't go too far though and get caught yourself. 5. Normal ones will ask you about interpretations of the results, how it will help and might ask you what you could have done and could not have - in this case - If it was a cheap/easy experiment suggestion, tell why that data would not fit in your thesis. if it was a costly expensive suggestion, say theses were initial results and it can be probed further based on funding and resources. Most times they'll suggest somthing that start discussing amongst themselves (the professors), just keep nodding and smiling. 6. The smart ones will challenge your premise and what could be the implications of your work. Answer the first part to the best of your knowledge while the 2nd part sparingly, leaving it open ended. 7. Its okay to say "I don't know" for 2/10 questions but only if it is something you did not perform. For example: you cannot say "I dont know" when the question is, "Why did you perform this and this expt when you could have better quality of results using this experiment" You can say "I don't know" when they ask knowledge based question like "what is the melting point of that one random chemical you used in just one time and is not too relevant in your study as your experiments never take it to that temperatures". Such dumbass questions are better avoided - as it might throw the floor open for more knowledge based questions. 8. Dessertations are made to push you to sweating point and to make you say "I dont knows" atleast a few times. Don't get too cocky nor look too stupid - pick and choose those "I don't knows" if possible, better if you can predict the next question based on your answer - sometimes they are designed to trap you. 9. Know the basics - the 80% of your questions will be on the basics. There's no point you explaining your new algorithm when you don't know what the If-then code exactly does in your program. 10. When your guide steps in to defend you, better let him answer. But make sure you are talking for atleast 60% of the time for a good grade -else it'll seem like the guide is answering all the questions. If you've passed that, let the guide take the question - stay out of trouble, unless asked to specifically. (you'll know when they are looking at you for an answer, then you get in and answer what you know)
The same difference between explaining a page of Harry Potter and the half blood prince and the entire book.
As of today, we cant do that.
I am only waiting for the japaneese to run out of chineese history and move westwards. Indian History is a chaos sanctuary of epics.
One can dream...sigh.
Wait a minute...i am new to cooking anything tasty... what happened to all that plastic wrap in between the layers?
Don't Go KenM on me man! I am seriously asking... What happened to the plastic!?
I have never made a cake...with my hands, my entire life. Nor have I seen one. Imma gonna wait for someone else to answer. Edit: My google mojo must be off, no answers to my question - [Layer Cake](https://www.google.com.au/search?q=do+they+actually+cook+plastic+in+layerd+cake&amp;rlz=1C1PRFI_enAU714AU714&amp;oq=do+they+actually+cook+plastic+in+layerd+cake&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.16616j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=do+they+actually+cook+plastic+in+layer+cake&amp;start=0)
Things have changed in the world while your village is late for the change. Unlike before, a girl's achievement was being pious and be the best wife, the only physical love she ever wouldn't have got was from her husband...now it has changed. Before - biological/evoulutionary choices more or less matched with family/social choices. Just like guys, girls are also looked at what they achieve in careers, rather than trophies for men, who they only cook for and care for children. It's not about freedom (atleast not just), it's a necessity for a somewhat prosperous home that both must work, just 1 person working will be a poor home in most cases. Even the society is great need of working women. So if a woman starts to study and build a career, most cases she will out grow her parent's financial levels or place in society - at that time it's best for her to choose her mate for a good family. Looking at traditional caste, creed and divisions are less relevant as new ones are quietly being written, you just don't see it. If she wants a good home, she must choose a mate based on her current standing. How is that possible if she does not test through courtship? What you are see is that biological and smart evoulutionary choices taking preference over now obsolete-turning family/society based choices. This has led to changes in society - you are not aware because u have been sheltered.
Well tried Tanmay
MFW I come to a indo-pak shitpost fest and see discussions on God and philosophy
App where farmers can sell their produce to consumers anywhere in the country.
ah. Thanks.
The news, politics, everything. Mostly dark humor but nonetheless.
Is that how they dress in ne as well? If that's the case then ne must be quite liberal and we did not know of this? It's surprising when someone says Delhi gawks, cos I thought they should be used to modern clothing by now.
Bhai, give it up ... in a serially frustrated society even an inch of skin sells like hot cakes. They know exactly what they r doing.
"More than half the voters of Patal pradesh believe modi is savarkar's damaat"
Now I won't be surprised if chi a wants to attack us tomorrow to reform us, and save us from the illiteracy of religion.
Well they tried in india-pakistan war of '71, but Russia cockblocked them.
I hate to admit it but if I were in a issue with someone in india, like harassment against me or my family , etc I'd consider taking the matter in my own hands. I neither have faith in the police or a justice in my lifetime. I know I am wrong but, I look at current laws as, "we all have one chance to murder someone or some people before we are jailed". But that's just me...lol, prolly I don't have guts to actually do it but who knows.
Emigrate.
They don't let anyone else stand, maybe?
Lol someone posted that here today morning, so it went to fb and came back?
This was long overdue. I was expecting riots after all the appeasement and other shit mamta pulled, following which that Muslim mob arsoned over several villages that no one paid attention to.
So did hi hit the right zhao flank with 2500 or just his cavalry unit? Concurrently, did the rest 2500 attack zhao 1000 cavalry on their new left flank or was it another segment/ cavalry unit? Just a little confused. Lastly, I highly doubt ousen will let molten fight with just 5k to death. It was a lure for something... For what we need to wait and watch.
Lol last dialogue is amazing
Why do u think ppl are joining isis? It's better to die for hypothetical 72 Virgins than hypothetical better India... /s
I came late I think...but why do you hate chota bheem? Well, I whole heartedly support your opinion of not posting here. It's complete left wing hive mind which comments and a right wing hive mind which votes.
Who is the real threat? I have been on the Internet for a while and I don't know.
What did they even debate? So much bouncer
Kiwifruit, grapes, milk, bread, ice tea, soft drink, protein bars, veggies, butter, dhai, range of pickles ,chutney, canned foods, my car keys...garlic bread, frozen foods... Oh that's where they were.
Is 5 plan loads enough for the entire country?
Why teach indian eco for future us-citizens? /s
Wasn't the us one of the more smarter liberal countries? Are they training their children to have a target for the next war(s) after they are done ducking the middle east?
Vegas don't exactly care who, just some rituals about how. Maybe some suggestions...? Society is usually determines on who, imo. And this keeps changing with times and ages. Some smrities (again social laws relevant to their ages do give these suggestions)
Crash course - John green, followed by others.
&gt;Any sexual intercourse which took place by choice or by chance or by accident is not a marriage," said Justice Mridula Bhatkar By accident?
She still uses her blow dart. Don't underestimate her...
I think that's why we have club matches? Like ipl, etc
The fall and fall of...i don't see any rise.
Most people in the country know AAP is facing tough opposition from amit shah's bjp as well as a littler weaker from Congress. They are aware that these big weights will try and duck aap good. That's why they say AAP is/was hope - it picked up a sword no one dared to. At the same time, it needs to - either out menuvour these big parties or...stay true, get ducked and hope the public watches and still supports it. Imo, the plan b won't work - cos public will want it to act; cos they are stupid - they think an honest person should act like baahubali, as their honesty gives them that power. I feel AAP, needs to find a middle ground between plan A and Plan B - it needs to be successful at any cost, while continually projecting the image of a honest people's party. The lucky thing is, both bjp and Congress are neither considered honest nor a people's party. So time is of the essence to occupy that seat. Secondly, AAP seriously lacks a proper experienced stragist. They need to pick an intelligent discard from one of the older parties and pay him to be a strategist. Crowd sourcing strategy is a pathetic option in a country like India. Thirdly, AAP needs to treat itself like a public responsibility company - expertise itself in one aspect and slowly diversify. Fucking idiot wanted national when he barely won the state, when punjab went to vote - I personally told so many people, "don't fuck up with your vote - it's a border state, it holds more responsibility than internal ones. It does not have experience nor has it absorbed people of experience to handle that. You'd benefit from a couroupt safe state rather than a chutiya honest party" If I were in AAP's place, I'd pick experienced heavy weights and advertise them to show I am Fucking serious and know what I am doing. Politics is no joke, people will complain every single breath of your existence - more so if you claim to be a performing honest party. Everyone witnessed the dirtiest level of politics BJP tried during the Delhi elections - and still voted for AAP. AAP loses too many opportunities and I don't know how many it has - but it has helped a lot of budding politicians who want a similar path plan their futures, I hope.
Wire is considered to be a relatively balanced news source comped to MSM, along with the mint. Not sure about scroll. As a consumer you'd want the best product, not goumutra pani puri.
I told ya' all imma [centerist](https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=61.6&amp;d=45.7&amp;g=50.8&amp;s=63.6) But I felt I was more of a right of centre, but it appears I am a little left of centre...i am guessing because of my age? I may deviate towards right of centre as I age perhaps. Edit: the test needs to separate unsure and neutral.
Lemon rice, south Indian dish. Just need to cook rice (20 mins, passive cooking)- which I cook in excess and store in the fridge for next 2 days or so. When I want to eat: A spoon of oil, some Indian seeds (cumin seeds, they are usually used in every Indian dish, so I call them that), chillies, peanuts (optional), random crap if I have. Heat for a few mins (2-4 mins) - put rice + a dash of turmeric power, half table spoon of salt, lots of lemon juice. You can make upto 2-5 servings - enough for breakfast, lunch and dinner - size limited to the size of your pan/mini couldron. Has a tasty sour, spicy taste and fills tummy well.
Are you kidding? I doubt mango up knows wtf a timezone is ...
Terminates what?
I think Pakistan must win this one easily?
I am saying it - Pakistan should be easily winning this. It would take a massive fuck up or SL showing super-excellent bowling/fielding skills to turn the tables.
i don't know that's what I've read people say on randia and got upvoted a lot.
So true.
What will the game play be like though? All I saw was game cinematics...
Why? Is your state overun by north too?
Lol pretty good, but imo most radians wouldn't get the references as they have not been out.
As you age u feel the young ones are idiots, their ideas therefore, and the need to preserve ur own ideas tends towards being called right wing?
It's impossible that these are his own answers. He is one not to know the difference between apples and onions kind, to give somewhat well put answers is just a show. Let him answer questions on live TV and without a pre made script, then we can talk. National herald is a propaganda news outlet, so if he had just come in for this photo and walked out after - even that would be believeable. Pappy has too many evolutions to go through...currentlt he is magickarp.
I am calling it again, mc will not go with any girl. All girl ending open for a future, university comes first.
Well, if he was in 3rd world nation he would be run over. Or very close to it. (If he was run over, road rage would kick in). A lot of my country men believe the right of way belongs to the richer/ more expensive vehicle. A lot of newbie immigrants fail that question about pedestrian/ turning - right of way - problem. "Car is bigger, so pedestrian must wait?"
I have seen rg's public expression of ideas and it's a pebble. No its not a diamond in the rough, it's a pebble. I never talked about modi, don't change to topic.
Later mitosis occurred. Sub-cuntinent blames Britain for such a fragile division.
This makes more sense.
i see India is competing with pakistan as to who will be the bigger international idiot before 2020, and India is currently playing catch up. /s
With all the blasphemy laws, and other shit Pakistan pulls out of its crevices, India is doing her best playing catch up, at the moment. But I believe under the great guidance of institutions like this, They'll overcome one day.
Bhai, you had one lifetime and you made your choice, maybe next lifetime if you really want, then try again. On a serious note, no government want educated or foreign influence to vote in their system.
No one on /r/cricket follows through their promises, so let it rest
Atthis stage we can contemplate even losing to bd ain't so bad?
Match over mate, that rr is too high right now for Pakistan to screw up.
I am in favour of non-resident Indian citizen voting as well as a MP dedicating for the causes of resident non-indians (foreign citizens staying in India for non-visitor visa trips). I believe this as we have an expat population of around 16 million, highest in the world (that's 2x pop of Israel for your reference). Most of them are talented, qualified, educated - and a lot of them are out because they think India is shit. Now if we give them voting rights, it would help involving smart people in nation building - great for the country, bad for the political parties.
Well they are aggressive as hell, having me confused if it's cricket or wrestling.
144www? Is it that recent high profile match between ind-ban?
You must be really happy to neutralise it with these many suggestions.
You kid.
No one achieved independence through peace in the eastern world. You want to think india did, but not..that was not the real reasons.
OK, long read, hear me out. India minus south and northeast is Pakistan - plain and simple. Both Pakistan and North are the same people, so if left to their devises they'll more like behave like Pakistan today, rest assured. Secondly, it may make economic sense in succession, but not in other ways. More on that later. I for one am very critical of the north in behaviour and humanity, but I would weigh the pros and cons of an idea of succession. If we plan to succeed, Pakistan and china would recognize us almost immidiately, because fuck delhi, right? BIMARU getting ravaged by terrorism, would be a boon to mankind, right? But once that's done, where do you think they'll head to next? Home? Think again. Now what are the issues of a practical succession? Culturally, we are not United - it won't take much to drive a wedge between regions. There is much more diversity in the south than north as we don't even have a language that binds us. All military power rests in the centre currently, which means Delhi - if you vie for succession, they will have no qualms of turning south India into another kashmir. Think about that - atleast kashmir has Pakistan to support it. Money won't protect you, it's an unsaid fact that north India has more fodder troops than the south. BIMARU has fucked their way into numeric superiority, quite literally. Even their gear is well funded. The current defense centres in the south will listen to the centre and not states. If south and North go against each other, their is no centralised command for the south, Delhi already has a massive Hindi command - we would get routed in months. South has always been paying tribute to the king of the north at one point or the other and in one form or the other to maintain peace. Today we do that with taxes - nothing has changed that way. south does not have an endless supply of fodder militia like north does, secondly convincing the south to take up arms? It's easier to ask Saudi Arabia to convert to Hinduism. South won't be able to cause a successful blockade, let alone protest for independence. Why not peaceful approach? No peaceful approach works. If you want to have a peaceful independence, you'll need to wait for Delhi to get deleted after massive long years for war, like a world war - that's how India got hers from the British. But here is the catch, south will be funding them heavily during the war, so they won't have much potential to ask either. You can try it out, world war is around the corner anyway. Imo, I'd rather pay north to face bullets rather than be next in line. Yes they are ruffian assholes, but be like the USA... use our Pakistan to our advantage. Put your people at the centre, not that the Hindi will allow that to happen easily but you should try. Edit: But behind all that, they are really nice people. And let's be frank, south is as corrupt as the north, if not more. If I were a northie, I'd use the south's tax money to feed corruption to fend off independence movements. That's what they have been doing in the north east and to a certain extent in kashmir anyway. It's the easiest michiliveian solution to this issue. You'll have to admit staying united as the alternative description would be, the south has given up soverginity, for the sake of better security. Kashmir may be able to reverse that, but south does not have what it takes. Acknowledged that and see what can be done to take the nation forward - you will have gawar rabbits from BIMARU, you can't don't anything about it, at the same time you have maximum buffer zone from future conflicts, with significant powers to influence the outcomes. Just look at the positives - it's an arranged marriage without a divorce option - your dowry helps, help build the home rather than regretting the nights.
Um no? Hyderabad, aurangazeb, mauryas, and several others. South had tribute based and other diplomatic relations to help with complete conquest.
India conceded 23 in extras alone and bd has given 0 extras.
No op delivers on /r/cricket
Lol some of these translations are hilarious trolls!
Everyone know Delhi has no qualms about making any part of India into kashmir. Don't worry, the south is subdued.
Ary bc, kya chutiya logic hai. You find kangaroo meat in supermarkets in Australia. The number of kangaroos which get smashed by cars on high ways is staggering. I could go on but... They don't consider it holy or religious or anything even close. Australians themselves eat kangaroo meat. It's completely different. Just like idiot bjp tried to cook pig meat fest to annoy Muslims in kerala. Pig is not holy, worse, it's condemned in Islam, eating it's meat will get no reactions, anyone with basic awareness will know. Absolutely no common sense, this is how far removed from reality is bjp. ~~And so are their absolutely retarded supporters if they post pics like this.~~ We should soon start calling ~~such supporters~~ *people who promote ideas without proper background understanding* anti-national because they are representing India as a hyper retarded country. **EDIT:** My post meant - the lack of logic in the text is similar to the lack of logic BJP supporters present. I never said it was a BJP supporter who posted this. I cant fathom why this is not understandable. The average lack-of-logic BJP supporter's comments are a meme in itself, which I used to give a comparison/analogy. Just to clarify, I have striked out statements which insinuate connections.
It's needed - stories can be changed challenged or rubbished as per current narrative or propaganda, but scientific evidences are much harder to refute.
This. More than half your problems will be solved if you close reddit. You don't need these many opinions, banter etc. The rest will be solved as you'll get enough time to address them.
*groping* we can see
Omg 35 overs and not a single extra by Bangladesh. Half the remaining target India is trying to play catch up cos of the extras.
They are drowning in sorrow. I'd say beer, but I guess most don't do alcohol, so, cough syrup?
Both have real good reasons not to play bilateral. They are just following international ettiquets to play in tournaments.
Imo, more recently India finds it easier to bat when they have a target on the board than they need to make one. Secondly, against relatively weaker teams, it keeps the match shorter I believe.
Not a single extra by Bangladesh. Wow...
Translations are such trolls here. Completely different from what's written lol!!
I see what you did there!!
My 3rd time today saying this: **Not a single extra was given by BD.** I am so used to 20+ from extras in Indian bowling that I did not think what BD did was possible.
Championship matches need to be won on their own, rain God won't save you all the time.
Wrong logic. There is a definite verse which says cows need to be protected as they are assets. There is no such verse for any other animal.
Who the fuck puts these people on a pedestal? There are more than 6 ppl there recording and posting online like a ducking achievement. Is someone paying them to post these as proof or is there some street cred acquired by such activity?
Shhh...UP's final solution.
000WWW for bumrah.
The only thing Pakistan has a chance of winning is the Toss. /trigger
Ayy Smart ass, I co-related the logic of the post to BJP-esque support faction. They have a habit of acting based on misunderstandings or complete lack of knowledge and with just hearsay. Albeit, I understand that the post is trying to say "Dont hurt cultural sentiments of the Australians" but my point being, that's misunderstanding of the entire thing if anyone thinks that way. The entire op's image is along the lines of "what is this I don't even".
Even you fear India losing to Pakistan? How nice... strange...but nice.
I am just using this thread to ask a question. I am not an australian permanent resident, I am on a PG Visa staying in australia. Can I still invest in the australian markets through acorns?
You just assumed i am frustrated with BJP's electoral success. No, I am only irked by their lack of logic/knowledge in their presentations. Again, The lack-of-logic of the OP's photo is similar to BJP or their supporters' was my contention.
I was trying to say, "Don't compare apples and light bulbs" Then I went ahead, saying "This is very similar to the way BJP or their supporters present stuff; without any connection, logic or the like" Finally, I read the comment chain to understand why everyone is complaining - there is no evidence of the pic coming from BJP supporters. Neither is there evidence of the opposite. I'll make the correction in MOP.
True, the fringe will do outrageous fringe stuff, and need to be brought to the book time and again - but delivering justice will not cure the society of the fringe. This is a topic in itself, lets leave that here. My exclamation is rooted in the courage that the fringe has to do something like this and post it online. Usually, they are caught by journalists or people seeking justice. But nowadays we are increasingly seeing such people post their atrocities online, like an achievement. Is that not worrying? Its worrying to me.
Why would anyone let their cash cow walk away? At the state level you are given quite a bit of autonimity. States have several rights and laws to govern their people. And for your support to the center at delhi, you are given several ways to affect and influence decisions at centre. Its a somewhat good deal, actually. If we still talk about a Dravida Nadu - Delhi can dissolve your plan for independence without much efforts. If I am the defence minister at Delhi, even me sending my peon to the leaders of Karnataka to convey a message, "Delay your independence movement, withdraw support to the other factions - and i'll make sure you get whole of Kaveri." Any Karnataka based leader knows, if Dravida nadu was a single country, Karnataka will never ever get this good a deal - and it would elevate that said leader to superstardom if he/she manages to retain kaveri fully. He will abandon humanity in that endevour. Then I can tell Tamil Nadu, "attempt to succeed and you'll die in droughts". This strategy was used previously by C.P Ramaswami Iyer of Travancore (now Kerala) against the British at Madras, to stop them from completely invading and annexing the former. There, without a single bullet fired, I eliminated 2 major factions. I can pull similar stuff onto AP factions. The remainders can be chipped away through other political processes or even a little force. Once that is done - the second independence attempt will have fewer states left, if there is one. My point being with War or Peace, South India does not have what it takes to secede. So, back to the topic - What's the other alternative? Break down what you want to achieve with the secession - list them down - and you'll realize you can achieve most of items on that list if you use your wit to plant your people in Delhi - which is completely legitimate as of today. I don't want to seem like I am baiting you into greed; why consider seccession when one can sit in the comforts of Bangaluru or Chennai or Hyderabad and control most of India through puppets at Delhi? I highly doubt Delhi or even north will greatly object to South's influence. Finally, Why do you think it's not happening already?
I posted a dark joke on the yogi adityanath dissolving Muslim law boards thread and that the got down voted too. Randian humour is too hipster for me, I guess.
Never expected India's saviour to be bald. I mean c'mon! At least a toothbrush mustache!
S E X E X
Quality shitposte'
I am still trying to figure how a post on aadhar finger print is turning into sex thread.
No.
Yes, 0 iz prime number. PM = PN
If states that can afford the waiver do so, will it encourage other states to become financially better? Or would farmers start seeking loans from maharashtra in the future?
Manmohan Singh. Besides president only gives speeches, does not have much power - mms has best job experience for that.
No one will talk about the army kid who got shot my his own villagers/ friends. No one will talk about hurriyat and Co getting funds from pakistan. No one talks about over 50 infiltration bids past month happening a cross loc from the buffer zone (pok). They only want to take India's case because they are the only ones listening. Inb4 someone calls out whataboutism, it's important to put the activity of other factions or else the narrative will be biased as though only one party is acting against humanity. In Pakistan, the literally narrative is "anything done for the cause of kashmir is acceptable. Absolutely anything. Neither human rights, nor government nor public will question" . Even world powers don't say anything because they need to get work done out of Pakistan in Afghanistan. We are actually shooting ourself in the foot by this, imo. Yes, our mistakes should be addressed, but not exaggerated beyond need and nessceity, so much that it completely changes how we looked at the situation as a whole.
yes works on normal zoom now. thanks!
I keep my FB deactivated - so that people dont know what I am doing now or where I am. &gt;-&gt;
Nitin Gadkiri is Transport minister - we can expect bigger scams sooner or later. Remember the sugar scams a few years ago? Fucker knows how to loot money counting waves of the ocean, this is nothing.
This is actually from a zoo that starved the bears a lot. The bears beg onlookers for food. Something like that. Its pretty depressing actually to see bears so lean. A lot of their bulk is only hair.
What is this...i dont even.. At this point we wonder if we had more fucked up news during Congress times or are we having it now.
Shh...Yogi is doing it. The Final Solution. /s
The issue of the cow belt is not the population - most fertile plains, population growth is expected. The lack of education, awareness, etc is painful to watch - when that's combined with population which acts as a massive voting block... Jinnah wasn't too wrong when he asked for 30% voice in the parliament or new country. Perhaps he knew this shit better than most of us.
Are there really rules like that or are you making stuff up?
wow, TIL.
Source please? Interesting if true.
I highly doubt that'll work as they'll somehow figure out how to blame India for all this. They are mentored by Pakistan, what can one expect?
Now is isn't the qin centre down to about 30k while zaoh centre at 50k?
I dont expect riboku to be a pushover, so early in the war. I expect Riboku to expect ousen's move and send reinforcement from the centre, as his right flank is threatened of complete collapse.
We learn it in schools, have sessions for it. A lot of us practice 10-20 mins in the mornings. Currently there is a preferred trend to go to gyms as Yoga cannot give you muscles. You need weight training - most people prefer looking showcase healthy than actually fit. Ofcourse, When i saw most people, or any one - i refer to those who have chosen as being bodily fit as an option, unlike western nations, its not a trend in India. we'd rather have pot bellies and die of diabetes than get healthy even a little.
Take credit of predecessor's policies is normal in Indian politics. That's because no one's initiatives are reaped within their own term. Indian implementation of most initiatives, ability to see their results thereof takes more than 5 years atleast. That's one reason governments don't go on relatively long term development projects - waste of time, money and gives no security to current government. This is India 101.
LOL
Yes, I saw that but I wanted to confirm, when they say resident, does it mean like a temporary/permanent resident or just staying in Australia (non-tourist).
One thing that disturbs me in this article is the authors casually say there was a predominantly male migration around 5800yrs/bc ago... That does not make sense to call it a migration. That sounds like war. I mean, war and war time movement can impact genetics without influencing culture, religion, and maybe even language. I'll have to go through it further to see the robustness... if results are scientifically accurate then rest can be discussed.
After how many years are India and Pakistan facing a finals against each other?
What's a 2rs person?
Nah, it's over. There are not enough batsmen to stick around that long.
Statistically the Match was decided in the first 10 overs.
At least the hockey team is having a good day
If we ever say "No" to any future bilateral or multi lateral series with pakistan, NOW they can say, **"Too afraid to loose? 180 is too much for you?"**
Tharki men, you get to grope and molest. That's the Indian passtime.
Kholi Kaun hai bhai? Anushka is Virgin.
Now when India says "No" to bilateral series to PCA/Pakistan, Pakistan'll tell India, **"Too afraid of a 180?"** All the point Indian government and shit was trying to make has got fizzled out, eh? In other news, India won a hockey match against Pakistan - so that'll be India's favorite sport for India for a while I guess.
Extremely well played by Pakistan. When I saw the first wicket of Pak at 124, while India was down by several wickets within the first 10 overs - I knew Pakistan has dominated with the bat and the ball. Deserving champions. Excellent turnaround from the start of the tournament. You beat some of the best teams in the tournament and did not have it easy even for a bit.
Time for an IP ban on whole of /r/India....
Well, its true Indians value our countrymen's lives much much lesser. When the west says, "every life is valuable" they really mean it, but with respect to the western world ofcourse. That's why they are paranoid about nukes, lement a few deaths in shooting/terrorist incidents, and make great honourable mentions for the dozen deaths in their wars around the world. OTOH, Indians' nuke policy is like "We can still take a few nukes and easily survive", terrorist deaths are usually just a number at a far off place (Disappears from the news after 2 days), most people dont even know how many lives we have lost in Kashmir, Maoists, etc to terrorism/insurgency in the past 27 years/70 years. While OTOH, Pakistani west border is constantly drone bombed with CONSENT of the government/army by the US+ more than 15 years after their 'incident'.
Le liya Mauka.
Clearly rindia is a super-minority opinion and influencer.
Itt blaming demo for farm deaths, while farmers have been commuting suicide for their bad loans for over a decade before modi. Now it's take loan and expect waiver. Demo caused other issues, while contributing to farmer woes relatively lesser. Both are issues on their own.
Why don't &lt;anyone&gt; help Pakistan or China duck up India, and let the propped up show their caliber? Treachery and angst is in the Indian DNA after all. What that not what mani Iyer was trying to do in a bigger picture? [Click here](https://www.google.com.au/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=/amp/www.newsx.com/national/13367-help-us-to-remove-modi-mani-shankar-aiyar-to-pakistan/amp&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjw7d3o6MnUAhUEHZQKHf9bDWcQFghGMAk&amp;usg=AFQjCNGRywI6Hktdb9QiWwqlaZtMjdYGHg&amp;sig2=NC-0rnT1dwOdc2FSnM-rcw)
President is mainly to give speeches and just stick around. So, he would be someone completely loyal to modi/bjp. We can expect emergencies in the next few years so that modi go to can get absolute power when needed.
Gst as a concept to be passed by the state reps in RS cannot be possible without appeasing them. You can expect common man to pay the same amount or maybe higher for sometime. Then slowly with pressure it should come down to an equilibrium. Simple, if you are making 100 bucks will not simply comply to getting paid 85 with new rules. Will you? If your vote matters, you'll vote yes to new rules of it is promised at least you'll be paid the same amount or more. Humans of a culture/ Indians at all levels are quite similar.
Future plan for emergency activation.
Saudi diplomats use local women like sex slaves, and worse in 3rd world countries upto even in India - and the police can file a case but can't do anything more due to immunity. This is to make sure your own country's diplomats are protected in foreign countries. Imo, half of these rules by the western world is either too naive assuming the goodness of human heart or so nefarious that it slips out of notice (maybe the interpretation and not actual intentions?). I say western world because I highly doubt anyone in the east would make such simpleton good natured assumptions of their neighbours or rivals. Edit: for those asking for a few sources -[Saudi diplomats in India](https://www.google.com.au/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www.firstpost.com/india/we-were-like-sex-slaves-say-nepali-women-rescued-from-saudi-diplomats-gurgaon-home-2428030.html&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjOsIa2g8rUAhWKU7wKHSaaCCoQFghNMAs&amp;usg=AFQjCNGLqYahDH1CZtM_NMeuXsP_pJcW1w&amp;sig2=g-C3t1hhmm9lXqlB2KUY3A) [Article 2](https://www.google.com.au/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=/amp/www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/21/foreign-diplomats-granted-immunity-escaped-human-trafficking-cha/amp/&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjDv_TRhMrUAhWCHJQKHRfaAKAQFgg9MAk&amp;usg=AFQjCNHCj-bi5n7YXJZqebLL33TY-ml5Hg&amp;sig2=c0t1yLWxVx_b9e_MMY_R8g) A simple Google search will give further results like these. Edit 2: For those assuming the interpretation of my post, let me clarify, I did not mean western diplomats abusing their immunity this way. I clearly said, "west is naive when they help form policy keeping their own culture as standard. Other cultures can and most probably will abuse those rules." I hope I made more sense. Edit 3: to the guy who wants to make this an east vs west thing. Sorry bro, that's off topic, n am not biting.
Haan bc biotechnology walla toh 9+ GPA hoga zarur. Unlock toh bakchodi ki job bhi milne se rahi
That's my point. Westerns think everyone thinks like them and hence leads the way with policies that can be quite naive.
Kindly check my edited op.
Added.
I said in 3rd world countries followed by even India. Which means a country that's between 3rd world and a 1st world country sees such abuses. Please take off your bias sunglasses.
Are you a bot account? The duck is that gotta to do with this topic?
No, it's not the same. It's about abuse of diplomatic immunity. That is the topic. With saudi Arabia one the more visible abusers. You are completely off course with speaking about rape and India and your experiences and what not. This is the classic example of,**"when asked to describe a tree, the student starts his answer by - 'let us tie a goat to the tree.' And continues for the rest of the argument about the goat."** (In short, **"tying a goat to the tree"**). Edit: point being - this type of going off course is not acceptable.
I never talked about moral superiority. I meant, when the west were best placed to design diplomatic conduct regulations - they based them off their society. The concept of diplomatic immunity has several unsaid rules, which the west assumes are understood - because if Germany or Russia exchange diplomats with us or UK - none of the countries would want their diplomats persecuted for crimes frivously. Ofcourse, all the example countries, it would be understood that the diplomat is not going to pick some random citizen in the host country, lock them in their homes for sexual satisfaction. Because all example countries understand that the immunity was not exactly designed for that purpose. Now when they promote these well working regulations to other cultures unmodified, you have issues like this - where, for example, Saudi prince, who is so used to nailing random woman in his country, now goes to third world ones because he wants to savour, I donno, local sexual cusuine without consent or mutual agreement - since the Prince is a diplomat, he can do what he wants, and if caught, can easily go back home. So, this is not related to moral superiority, rather it relates to the "one size fits all, because it makes sense to us". When diplomatic immunity is extended to human right abuses - those that are globally accepted and ratified as wrong, then I would say the basic concept in current state hinges on naivety as it's loophole or interpretation can be nefarious Secondly, western society, and thus view of policy, are different to not just east, it would vary from country to country in the east. Thus, Providing such freedom would be used as intended by the western diplomat, but not necessarily by others. Others might see the immunity as a ticket to do things which are absolutely unrelated to the office or foreign policy politics. Like as of today, diplomats are an important cornerstone in promoting terrorism, or extremist ideologies in eastern countries. What is black and white to the west, becomes grey or even different colours disguised as black and white, in the east. This can be extended to to other subjects as well, but we'd be going off topic, so let's leave it. I hope that clears things?
You can be both, because left is usually related to liberal while right to conservative.
Why is this manga so popular?
Thank you for your response. I have another question if you could answer, that'd be great. Can we control where and which company or type to invest in Acorns? Or do they do it automatically, and its not in our control? I dont see any options to choose our investment destination in the dashboard.
To answer your questions. Yes, I am waiting for my PI to respond to my queries. I have repeatedly asked him to send me the draft of the MS. He did not send me the final draft even when I was put as the first author. I was a student in the project, who had after about 2 years registered for PhD (The place of PhD registratation is different to that of place of working of the project). I have been assisting in modifications as well as editing of the MS or data interpretation of this or other MS during the last 1 year. I have been available regularly via e-mail. For some reason, my PI did not provide me the final drafts for the previously published MS even after repeated asking. Regarding having the RAW data, since the main bench work, analysis , etc has been my work, the PI had asked me to retain the copies of the RAW data before I left. He also had said he would get back to me if he needed any clarification - which he did. It IS a science paper - its a paper on plant carbohydrates and their association with disease in vivo. I have other papers to provide evidences that I have worked well with others - even in this MS, I have the confirmation mail which showed me that I was the First author. Now suddenly, without nither informing or giving me a chance he has changed the authorship sequence. I am still awaiting his reply.
Its Science - life sciences - it was a work on carbohydrates and their role in alleviating disease condition(s) with studies in vivo. To be frank, the PI has been resentful and one who gives negative references when any student leaves his lab to a better one. Even when not requested for, he has identified and called potential labs to provide a negative reference. I had tried to keep best relations with him by assisting every way possible and asked for but I have always been skeptical about him actually giving a positive reference, as he has done to people who have left. Mind you, these are people who have worked for atleast a year with them publishing together. I have myself published about 4 articles with the same PI, and in collaboration with several other students, labs, etc. as evidenced by my other publications.
Maybe your ancestors have been naughty
no, the subject is Science. Paper is submitted to lower IF journals (around 3 to 5). But how does that matter?
Thank you. When you dont have a filled fridge, it makes you squabble for crumbs. Crumb by crumb we make a loaf. At the moment, that's the best we can do.
Hmm, in our state, of my country we just say "Holden!" to bring the bus to a halt. Its pronounced "Holdane" though...
I am out of India. I only want to get back into science. This paper along with others is important to show my credentials. I am going to weigh my options.
Is that not unethical? Besides, if they drop me, wont I have a strong case, knowing that I have evidences as RAWs as well as other data based ones.
This is what I am looking for at the very least.
Wonderful, I believe China has been picking a page from Pakistan.
No. nth author was the info I got from the journal. But max 3 first authors are allowed. I am being placed as a equal first author, that's all I have been made to believe - in the odd he showed me. I am not pursuing the matter beyond this for now. Wait and watch.
/r/manga /r/animalsbeingbros /r/cricket /r/nofap
Technically and spiritually can't be BUT today's ducked up youth have broken those barriers or safeguards. Now it's terrifying as to where it will stop. Currently vigilantes ...soon terrorists?
Yes. I know and a heart to heart discussion even in partial measure was needed, I believe. I don't think bridges were burnt with that. I am just going to wait for now. It's just not me calling the shots. Weather we like it or not a PI- student, even ex, is never an equal relationship. The PI will eventually have the upper hand, in most cases. After that's all about managing the egos, without loosing too much self respect.
Glad to see its not just India currently being obsessed with animals.
This topic is two days old...how far did you browse the pages? Lol. Yes, we need more evidences, was what I was saying. Currently, with every new evidences any one side of the story can be described. That's okay, but not a final conclusion.
Yes, but Please keep it weekly or less, not daily. I don't want you to be bogged down by work on this working daily. I see the IPCs happening almost everyday and I am concerned for that poster.
what bullshit.
What if you want people to leave the country? Does that mean you pack up and go? But...you are no more are where you want the change...
Most banks in developed nations have a different transaction account and a linked savings accounts (you can have several here). You can transfer online or through phone to your transaction accounts. Usually if have 1000rs+ in savings you keep only around 20-100rs in transaction. That account literally acts like cash in hand. Your card only accesses that transaction account.
Indeed it is a nasty subject, which has been used as a premise for lot of shit, like rise of the Nazi in Germany, compliance by the indian peoples to british authority, enforcing a spirit of inferiority. I don't blame them, I am personally in a dilemma - on one hand I want to think clinically and see what's going on - but its too slow a process. On the other hand, I feel it goes more than just a few thousand years behind...
Thank you for your insult. It has been well received and noted.
No, it will reduce a problem to manageable levels. That's a start. Secondly, it only takes a handful to actually control a populace - they will always survive. The other alternative is to let nature take its course, where the people will kill each other to survive. That's a worse outcome than going to a planned war. Like the Adjudant in the army said, "I don't know why the general ordered for that pointless charge at the enemy, we did not gain much from the battle. But our men have more to eat tonight." Its painful, but it is a fact of life.
Let's here your opinions, expert opinions, and conspiracy theories r/india!? This time the Pakistani army has managed a well structured video - weather it was forced or not, he is speaking a lot. what does it all mean? If its a pressure tactic, then for what?
lol
The vox is a really nice youtube production - just sat and watched several videos. Too bad that it barely makes any India (political) as it makes with respect to other countries.
Oh this is going to bite us on our backs.
Its nice to see outsider perspectives. Lists out problems succinctly.
I thought India did not have those retard like people from the west who were anti-vaxxers. How come kerala has people like that? Is it the poor muslims? They might be afraid in the pretext of vaccinations they are administering sterilizations. You can educate, but as such cant do much about such paranoia.
I don't know why BIMARU are getting smart cities unless it's a political gimmick. Even the educated have such a gawar mentality that they would be able to keep it properly maintained clever for a year. But on the contrary it's just like we spending on kashmir or elsewhere...we just need to do it. /end rant
&lt;crows&gt; And it's relative &lt;worst&gt;
I saw a video where they were using a spoon to remove the innards of a kiwi. MFW I have been eating kiwi like a guava all my life - thought everything is edible. Still continue though.
I thought that was up
Argument over a seat turned religious? What? Fuck...
No, even and when I see people protesting my first thought is: " how are their bosses allowing so many leaves? How are they managing getting food to their tables!" The getting to meet ends will have the middle class tied down for decades... It's a perfect ploy. If I were a ruthless politician, Id do the same...make sure people have no time to resist my moves.
Now the farmers can take new loans and then hold the state ransome once again. We are now a welfare state and this priveledge can be accessed with the right amount of force.
I'd like to play devil's advocate and say - of that's what the Muslims say or feel, and he is voicing that out, what is the problem? If Muslims act on that philosophy - as we are seeing in kashmir or or places in the world , we will have to counter that. If they don't, then we can stay in peace. But weather or not we like it. Because some groups in the world have and continue to turn to these ideas sooner or later... as a pre-emptive, parts of the world that have been hit or burnt by such ideologies in the past will be cautious. India and Indians, of course our hands will always be out for the friendship handshake but there will always be one hand on the hilt. That is our lesson from history. You cannot stave that off anytime soon. The only difference between an average Indian is he feels that's how it is cureently, but modi feels that's how it should be. Take what you want from this. Personally, I am very disappointed with the way things are turning out. Don't have a solution for this.
Your voice of reason needs to be up red amongst posts of mere **title readers**.
Wonder if Israle was formed somewhere in the Americas or australia, all this trouble would not happen? I mean, it was basically a homeland for the Jews ne?
Oh, the article I read was different for this incident. I read that, **Two groups started arguing about who's seat it was on the train and then it escalated and the Hindus called the Muslims anti-national beef eaters and stabbed him to death.** this is the one trending on /r/india. Somehow this version feels less stupid, and now I feel absurd.
Dude, don't attack me. Attack the argument. You know nothing about me. I dont think so. I don't agree to any views in the videos. I think modi has toned down since then, but his followers have not.
Because of safety features? Ofcourse not, who cares about that. Power steering....
Well this is visible on news sites, quora and the like. Because they are new and they don't know the advantages of annonimity vs disadvantages of losing that.
No. We are getting the development initiative but are being stonewalled by beurocracy as usual. But the rates are more or less similar to the times of congress.
We just finished the dam last year, right?
Gotta hide, all my Muslim friends (younger) will hound me for edi. One of them want bangles/jewellery or something...eep.
Technically he is right. All the dirty work are done by groups that are not the ones forming the government.
Maybe in the west.
Oh boy the kid is not going to remember much.
INB4 accept or reject the argument by attacking it. Don't go bashing the source, saying it's congress mouthpiece.
That's Bhutan. Sikkim is a part of India from '64 I think.
The Chinese acknowledged sikkim to be Indian territory in about 2003, in return for tibet to be acknowledged as a part of china. India had acknowledged that in '54. Now you know how frustrating it is to have a neighbour like China.
Finally a statiatic. If it's authentic, and a fewore it can be used to take the case against the government strongly. Edit: I take back my comment. It says based on English media. That's a bad source. Fuck.
Petition a well worded response. If you partly a coward, Use social media, blog posts, write to magazines which can post such posts. If you are a religious Hindu, cite documents or evidences where the religion is misrepresented along with irrelevance of such inhumanity in a modern society. Also clarify and show a mirror that this historical hate as of today is more prejudice than vengeance. If it is conversions that the right wing is affected by, attack it in other ways, and inform that such violence only pushes people away from Hinduism - more so equates it slowly to radical Islam, if not today then tomorrow it will be. Before you know it, US would be bombing us for freedom and oil, lol. But seriously, if you can't drive home a message that bjp would cease to have Hindu support if it continues, it will not stop. Imo, bjp is allowing these actions thinking it has a majority of 80%pop's support along with a few others. If that is shaken, then you can deal damage. But in all honesty, we are facing this because there is resentment of marginalisation of the Hindus by previous governments. Until that is addressed in a healthy way, these unhealthy politics will continue.
It is just incidental actually. Randia supports anything that's against current practices. A muslim should not be celebrating this nor thanking. Tomorrow of government starts helping Muslims more, randia will cry appeasement and blah blah. The situation is bothersome because there is resentment in the majority which is being egged on by the ruling factions. I fear things are going to get worse, if the issues of the majority is not properly addressed. Frankly, just calling them out without providing solutions, anti-hindu speeches, insults and what not is only going to escalate the situation and other minorities (religious or otherwise) are going to suffer more tomorrow. If not addressed properly, this is going to turn out much worse.
I don't get it.
Lol.
In principle, of all your stances, I agree. But in practicality, it varies. TT and UCC cannot be forced to a populace which has had the freewill to follow its own religious rules. Religion will be a part of our society's lives for the next few decades for sure. We can revisit it after that. What is my option? It needs to be addressed, insecurities removed and then brought in. Telling muslims you cannot have TT and have to abide by UCC in one fell swoop is the same as telling you you cannot have consensual sex, date or the like. I agree is not the same - but it is a sudden restriction to the conditioning you are used to. Added to that, their insecurities will be further threatened as they would feel alianted and attacked. For you, it for matter - but even the average politician who (ideally) interacts with all groups, would know that would immediately cause a rift and brew trouble. Its true, india should not call herself secular - rather multi-religionistic to be more true of whats on the ground. Indian definition of secular is just that. It is wrong as per the true sense of the word, but its that. A principled stand on any issue reeks of impracticality and naivete. Besides, are they not your citizens? Dont their wishes not count? Dont they feel they want to follow what they want? Usually, its the sum total of such views, and a resoulution of the same that takes the country forward in most cases. In india, the sum total only stagnates society - and we are in a perpetual status quo in all spheres.
Pretty good read.
This is the wrong sub mainly because this sub is overwhelmed with atheists, irreligious or agnostics. On the contrary, imo, /r/hinduism is populated by western converts or adopters of hinduism or Non-resident indians who discuss ideas and philosophy on the forum. I was active previously, but not that much now. I mean no disrespect to those members, most of them are much more knoledgeble than me - but thats the thing with most westerners are lost in knowledge and books, as is their way, that they start to lose the plot of hinduism. Ill attempt to answer some of these questions. Ans 1 &amp; 4: there is a story, where shiva asks bhrama and vishnu to find the limits of veda(pronounced "whey-dah" ) (?)/all knowledge(?); for which he symbolically turns into a pillar - bhrama moves upwards, while vishnu moves downwards. After a very long time - vishnu gives up and says there is no end to shiva. Bhrama, in order to best vishnu, says he has seen the end - and generates 3/4 witnesses, one of whom was the cow, kamadhenu. While other 3 witnesses agree to bhrama's lie, the cow nods its head while shaking its tail (as a no). Shiva engraged by bhrama's lie - punishes bhrama that no one on earth will worship him. He also punishes the lying witnesses (I dont recall who or what). He gives a mild punishment to kamadhenu and all cows - since its tail told the truth. Thats why cows always face away from homes in most hindu homes, while the tail faces towards. Bhrama pleads that he be given some mercy - and after much ado - shiva agrees to 1 temple. This is in rajasthan. Now the above is lore while having simple rules for the comman man. Other reasons might exist, but this I believe is the most popular one. Ans 2 &amp; 3. I dont think so. There may be few but its not a big thing to prey to bhrama as currently roles of vishnu and shiva take preference. Every bhrama is credited to bringing the vedas to the universe - rather the chant initiates the creation process - the big bang. Once initiated, vishnu and shiva's roles are protectors and destroyer supersedes bhrama's role. The fact that hindus chant and revere the veda is in itself an ode to bhrama. Any and every worship, that is vedic or derived is use of bhrama. This bhrama perishes with the end of one creation cycle, the big crunch if you will. A new bhrama is born after than. Thats symbolism for, um, the big bang. As per hinduism, we are currently in the 28th big bang cycle. Thats the 28th bhrama.
If they dont project it as islamic struggle - their sources of funding diminishes. Practically, "independence for kashmir" would get funds from pakistan or maybe china, but "islamic freedom" can get funds and resources from far and wide. Maybe the kashmiri who want independence want it at any pretext or maybe thats what it is. Either way, hypothetically, if kashmir gets independence based on islam and reverts back to kashmiriyat post-independence they'll get flogged by their funders. Even the terror or the militant organizations are playing a very dangerous game for themselves.
Lol thanks for the heads up!
Beurocracy is what stops ease of doing business the most. This point has been time and again raised to India by governments of various nations. This also fuels curroption as people can get lost in the labyrinth. De complicating this would mean loss of jobs, to other challenges. No one India would say "less sarkarki jobs".
Uh... I am that guy who parks beside the lonely car In an empty parking lot. I just don't want my car or the other car to feel left out.
Yes there should be, but I belive defense minister has little role in deciding anything on these issues. He is more into procurement and supplying the army the resources to fight. When it comes to decisions of confrontation, mostly the whole cabinet sits in it or maybe it's the pm taking a lot of the decisions. I mean, that's what happened in our history, observebly so.
We should have a post about where we citizen failed to do our parts in implementation of policy or other duties. I remember in bangalore the government enacted a rule for segregating waste at source - households where they had asked residents to separate wastes and give it to bin collectors. After about a month barely 30% of the households segregated waste - the mcd had to scrap the plan later. Of course we all know us voting for local mp/mlas who are absolute crappie as accountable people - I mean even goons as are okayish if they are accountable...but we vote for the party and not the candidate. There we fail as citizens once again. I have been consistently rambling the 80-20 rule - 80% of all domestic policy depends on the people/community doing their parts and on 20%on the leaders. After being to developed nations, for example,I can see that the people are really conscious of their milue and because of that their streets are cleaner. The government cleaners are human too...as long as it's manageable, they do a great job. And the like.
I belive us charges tax even if a us citizen is not residing in the US and is making money from a third country. Something something policy... He is asking if it's the same here.
That number is too small imo
This needs to be up voted more as everyday we see an article asking this question.
Are you asking what the state likes/hates or what we like/hates in our states?
Parliament? Along with defense forces?
When you are not smoking you are chewing gum, that's what I see a few ppl doing. Besides it's just a median selection, not everything should be applicable to everyone.
New to Australia ( relatively, &lt;1 yr),you guys have the weirdest of problems. I heard there are whistles which help ward them off? Does it help?
Thats why I use cruise control whenever possible. Helps control the impatience.
Omg how old was my post? Says 57 days. Yes, different economies may react differently. But with our inflation at a low of around 2.2%even if things inflate, it would be temporary and manageable and returnable. But I don't think it should because most essentials have been left untouched for now like milk.
[Cpi source](https://www.google.com.au/search?client=ms-android-blackberry&amp;ei=X4VWWeacBczd8QXAtrSIDg&amp;q=india+current+inflation+2017&amp;oq=india+current+inflation+2017&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-serp.3...3730.9797.0.12040.6.6.0.0.0.0.413.1814.2-1j3j1.5.0....0...1.1j4.64.mobile-gws-serp..1.4.1521...0j0i22i30k1.r5HXFU3BbsI) [More data on the same website](http://www.inflation.eu/inflation-rates/india/historic-inflation/cpi-inflation-india.aspx)
Efforts of rajan or new govt? I do not but it has helped.
Nah. Even if you look at '67 it was that our army went crazy because their co got shot in a scuffle. They ran straight into gun fire. That's bravery but also stupidity. That won't win battles, not in the modern day atleast. Else jehadi middle east would have conquered the western world by now. Don't lose good sense in ur patriotisom.
Competing with China in low cost manufacturing with our expanse of labor was not the best idea for me. It feels like a war of attrition, with us more incapable at present. While I whole heartedly support that we should up our manufacturing quality and levels, I also believe we need some other thing(s) that will give us an edge in the world for decades to come. If you look at every rich - powerful country that continues to do so - most of them have carved a niche for themselves.
As long as it does not involve boots on the ground, it's okay I guess. We don't want to stare down the abyss where we shot the first bullet at an afghan faction. It's just not worth it.
Burma? Please, it's Myanmar. That being said, I always thought Buddhist cannot be violent, boy was I proved wrong the second time.
Lol how does he come up with such hilarious speeches?
Ah! The guy you kept his pre-fame promise. Bought the ice cream truck, he did.
Ducking narrow minded chuth. That's how Hitler created the nazi, as the monster we know today.
When you are in opposition, every ruling party's move is a bad move for the nation. Actual fact does not matter. The ruling party then offers some compromise to the opposition - like perks and favours - to get them on board. It's the oldest habit of Indian politics.
He is joking.
