Just got to TH9 last week and I've gone with: AQ (as far as you can) Research, Camps, Spells (and now I have no elixir). AQ is a big boost on offense, but she's pretty weak from the get go. Research gets you better troops, but you also want as many as possible for your next set of raids. I'd take a slightly small TH8 sized offense, if everyone was TH9 sized ... but that takes weeks. In the mean time, I'd rather have the size of TH9 offenses (at TH8 strength) as it could be enough to two or three star a base.
Better than Payton? Yes. Better than Malone? Are you kidding? Malone was a freaking beast, right up until he got hurt. Had he not gotten hurt, the Lakers probably could have beaten the Pistons.
Start with 12oz curls. Move your way up to two 12oz curls. Soon, 16oz curls are in your future. Complete the regime with two 16oz curls.
Ballmer, ultimately, is a sales guy. Ballmer took the helm of a well entrenched engineering based company and basically rode the coat tails of what Gates left behind. During Ballmer's tenure, he did increase the value of the company (share value went up plenty), but he left a huge engineering mess behind with a number of his policies. Now that he's out of the way, MS is making some good inroads on engineering-y things that a lot of users want in this day and age. Let's hope that this updated focus will get some better products out the door and into the hands of more people.
Bumping this unit, as I'm using the same with 300/20Mb (TWC). One feature that isn't implemented: port range forwarding. It's a known requested feature and will come in a future firmware. One thing I can't get "quite right": QoS, without a performance hit. Even at 300/20Mb, I would like to put flagged traffic at lower priority. Every time I have gotten this "working", the performance hit seems quite large.
Nearly 50% in downstream, about 1% upstream. Their forums confirm that QoS doesn't use HW offloading, so QoS is a bit too CPU heavy. Considering the overall speeds coming in, QoS likely isn't a BIG deal for me. If you're getting FTTH, then the hit looks quite large.
A kiwi coming to eat all the tastiest food in LA? [Pretty much](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/077/076/a1.jpg)
Best way I ever killed myself: flying solo in a scout and suiciding with the guided missile. It was near the end of the Neblan Flats (less than 30 seconds), with CTF. I'm flying the bird solo and a bike is approaching, I fly toward the bird (making a dive) and fire the missile. Instead of pulling up and watching the carnage, I just kept flying toward the bike. Next thing I know, I kill myself with my own missile.
Who says California wants low/unskilled labor. Before computers were being built in CA, plenty of clothing was designed and built in CA (denim is still heavily here). This manufacturing long left CA in the late 80s/early 90s and there likely won't be any push to get most of that back. The only major "plant" I'm aware of in CA is the Tesla one and I'm sure every CA representatives will sign a blank check to Mr. Musk to keep most of it in CA. California has a very unique situation where we can attract all levels of skill. Between our colleges and our companies, there is a heavy demand on highly skilled labor to design "things" -- there simply isn't a huge demand to build those "things". So many other countries have already mastered the art of building, why does CA need it back? The big companies that have left CA include big car companies: Nissan and Toyota. Nissan left to Tennessee -- not only for the low taxes, but because the manufacturing plants were already in that state (moving to Nissan also cut hundreds to thousands of jobs). Toyota is moving their main HQ to Texas, but none of their R&amp;D. They will also likely lose ~30-50% of their work force by moving (contractors to full time is nearly 2:1, they won't move any contractors). Between the tax savings of simply getting out of CA, the tax breaks that Texas will give and the sheer number of people that won't relocate (several of my neighbors work at Toyota, they aren't going), you're looking at massive savings by simply changing their PO. What I'm trying to say is: looking strictly at companies leaving California for Texas is a misnomer. You need to dig into the details as to why these companies are leaving and understand that its not JUST lower wages and tax breaks.
&gt; Of course it does, indirectly, that all trickles down. This has been an economic plan since the 80s and it has been proven that it doesn't work. &gt; You start taking large numbers of incomes out of California and you'll start seeing demand falling across the various markets, lessening the various resource demands, including unskilled labor. You're actually listing something that Californians *should* want: get more people to leave the state. People leaving from the CA (specifically in congested LA, Bay Area) would increase the number of available houses. With a surplus of housing, rents would have to be decreased to keep them filled. Los Angeles is very expensive, with no plans to build vertically and we lack affordable housing. Getting enough people to move out of LA would help reduce the costs for everyone, in LA. The numbers of jobs and people leaving from CA are in the four and maybe five figure range. CA has a population of ~18 million people and it would have to take *many* more people to leave CA before any changes were made for business taxes or incentives. Giving companies a tax break once will make them threaten to do it again -- you have to accept that if they want to move, they *will* move.
Demand does it all -- it's Econ 101. Increasing the minimum will put more money into the pockets of people. More money in their pockets (that isn't offset with higher expenses) will give them more money to spend. &gt; Shouldn't the average wage be higher than the current minimum if the demand were already there? If not, I would think that raising would only lessen demand and create a surplus of workers. The average wage *is* higher than the minimum, it's part of the definition differences between minimum and average. You're looking at the raise in minimum wage purely from a business perspective. Think about the situation if you're in the shoes of someone making the minimum -- you have MORE to spend. YOU create a higher demand, NOT the business. Now that YOU are demanding more of something, businesses will try to cater to your demands. If one businesses can't handle the demand, more will follow. Let's also remember that the minimum wages is for LA City and for businesses with &gt;=25 people. If you opened a taco restaurant (we can always use more) and are employing 25 people, your business sounds like it's healthy and thriving. Mom and pop shops that have less than 25 employees should be welcoming this sort of increase, as now they can have new customers available because there will be more demand. &gt; but I thought an increased number of businesses is what creates the demand, then in turn pulling up the wage. The opposite is actually true. Businesses satisfy a demand. If there are lots of businesses in the area, what's stopping them from lowering the wages? You increase wages because you have to hire people to supply demand. If you're over saturated in the ability to supply the demand, you don't need to pay high wages anymore and can easily let people go. If you want to push your analogy in the other direction: why not open a high end wedding cake shop in the middle of the lowest income city? You've now created business that can pay good wages (as your prices are high), but there isn't any demand in the area for your cakes with the high cost. It would make no economical sense for this, but that's where your analogy can go. (all analogies pushed to their extreme will fail)
For any and all encounters against birds, planes, light armor and infantry: you should be equipping the minigun. The only time I would ever consider equipping the cannons is if I'm dedicated against armor (splash is nice against infantry).
&gt; I’ve been trying to understand why Tesla doesn’t offer the P85 (non-D) any more Tesla's consolidation of having dual motors on all their cars is better their for manufacturing and R&amp;D -- fewer parts, the assumption can be made going forward. I'm not a car engineer, but the future for electrical vehicles will exist with at least two motors and possibly up to four (isn't the Mercedes beast with four?). With two motors, they both could be smaller than the original Model S' motor and still have the same amount of acceleration. I'd be shocked if the Model X and Model 3 come without dual motors, as it's really the best way to reduce the size of each motor, while keeping the acceleration.
Model 3 will likely benefit more from having dual motor, than without. Instead of having one really large motor (as with the model S), you can get away with two smaller motors that will still be snappy enough for a sedan to power a 0-60 time in sub 6 seconds (a "sporty" sedan). Remember, the Model 3 will likely come somewhere 20-30% overall smaller, so anything to further reduce weight will be desired.
[Single motor is already gone](http://my.teslamotors.com/models/design) With the launch of the 70D model, all shipping rides are now dual motor.
If she just started and isn't far dilated, you have time for at least a bucket and possibly 9 holes.
This was such a deadly combo in BF3, but I really don't see it often enough in BF4.
Bingo. This. In BF3, you could get a soflam up to cover roughly half of the map and someone with a JAV could cover the ENTIRE map. This combo was too powerful and BF4 feels far too weak!
Mad Men, Band of Brothers, Community and House of Cards.
SRAW was simply too good at everything. It could: 1. Hip fire. Plenty of damage via hip fire, made it viable against infantry. 2. Laser lock. Someone has a laser paint out and you could nail it with ease. 3. Slower movement made it easier to control, especially over long distances. This single rocker launcher basically was almost as strong as RPG/SMAW, had lock on capabilities like Stinger/IGLA/JAV, it provided no warning when it was incoming to any vehicle AND it could easily turn 180 degrees (if you played Lockers, people would spam the TV across three corners to basically right behind themselves). The nerf to the SRAW had made it more difficult to hit birds from large distances. I've had a better time with the spring patch and the SRAW, mostly due to the speed increase.
Scouts are not the all powerful beast they were in BF3: 1. Counter measure cool down times are nearly 3x what they were. 2. Disability hits are crushing and happen once an AA lands. 3. Mini guns no longer damage armor, so you have to avoid them at ALL costs. 4. Repair time has drastically been increased. You need two repair engineers to be the same speed as one engineer in BF3. Let's list all the ways to remove the Scout: 1. AA missiles. You need more than one, but dumb pilots are EASY to remove if you have two AA missiles. 2. Tanks. Sabot is your friend. 3. Lasers + JAV 4. RPG/SMAW The Scout bird is only really effective in maps with heavy amounts of cover. Once you get into Dam or Golmund, the birds are way less effective. I am both a pilot and a remover of these birds -- if I'm not flying in one, I'm quickly removing whatever is up in the sky.
The ones that go 54-2 are ones that are utilizing team play with at least a single repair guy and usually a second. Scout piloting is hard. Living in a scout takes both piloting, situational awareness and knowing when to GTFO. How about all the tank videos with the same kill steaks? Every one of them have both a pilot and gunner, usually having a repair guy right next to them as well -- why are you asking for tanks to also get the nerf hammer? Piloting is difficult. Living in those birds is even MORE difficult. The only maps that have insane kill streaks are the ones with copious cover. Get those birds out in the open and they are very easy to remove from the battlefield. If piloting was so easy to get those massive kill streaks, everyone would do it.
Tee off before 7AM and it will only be 5 hours! Regular there, a great course.
Mostly straight forward course, but a lot of bunkers.
Just about every time Don goes and does "Dick things", he ends up getting hurt. Hitchhiker couple? He takes a roofie, they steal his wallet. In the latest series, his car breaks down, he donates money and the locals beat him the F up. There is a sense of safety in NYC, with Don. He's respected, he's well known, his chiseled face is something to behold and it's well recognized. Don belongs in Gotham, he doesn't belong anywhere else but there. As soon as Dick shows up, he's bound to get slapped back down to where he belongs -- at the bottom. Don't affinity for picking up hitchhikers is a reflection of what he initially felt -- alone, without a cause.
The Roadster as it was? No. The Roadster as a brand new incarnation? Yes. There will come a time when their R&amp;D wants to completely start over and release a small coupe with everything Tesla has to offer. Starting from scratch is the "Tesla way" and they'll definitely come back to it down the line. For now, let's bug them to complete the Model X and Model 3 -- there is a massive line of people ready for electric car adoption, let's satisfy this need first!
[Just missing one item...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ix7jqxXQ2I&amp;t=15)
Without ever really having my own swing, I watched the videos provided and went with a typical bucket at my range today with the A swing in mind. Typically I warm up with pitching and chipping, but I just skipped it and went right into full swings. First few shots were flush, I couldn't believe it. The biggest change seemed to be shortening my backswing and letting the club fall into the slot. With the A swing, I don't necessarily make a more conscience effort to swing more upright, but I *do* have to think about letting the club head fall to get into the slot. My good shots were roughly the same distance and possibly a little longer than my previous swing and my mishits weren't as bad with the slice. The best thing about this, it was really hard for me to hook the ball, so it could at least eliminate half of my potential misses. Am I a believer? Possibly. Would I now buy his book? Yup, it'll be arriving shortly.
The book is definitely coming my way. This swing somewhat feels like my "old" swing (strong left grip, weak right), but I'm still having issues with getting the club's head to "drop" into plane. When I'm relaxed it feels effortless. When I'm loose and want to rip it, then I'm back to swinging over the top because I never let the head fall. The book apparently has drills, I'm eager to read about them.
He didn't say it tasted like champagne, as he originally stated he would in the first FIFA video.
As a user and owner of these, I can emphatically say that this will NOT be the future for all fighting games (let alone the SF series). These are things that are much easier for me to do on HB: - Insta air things. Specifically, things that don't have a height requirement. - Comboing into Akuma's U2. Just spam the buttons and you're good to go. - Charge motions. - QCF/HCF and dashing feel "faster". ymmv. - FADC things *are* faster, but I haven't quite mastered the timing for it. - 360 motions are great! It's a three button pressing: F, B, D+U+attack. Once you learn the timing on this, it feels sneaky. Things not so bueno: - Tiring. After an hour or so, my left hand is definitely tired. I've played many hours at a time, but I'm simply not as comfy with it, compared to a stick. Potentially a "lefty" version would play better for me, not sure. - SRK motions don't feel as fast. You can go F,D,F+P on the HB, but it feels slower than a 'stick with the "wiggle" motion. The shortcut can be helpful, but it's also tiring to hold down a button and then double tapping. - 720 motions are 100% difficult. Yes, I've watch the tutorial. Yes, I've put practice into this motion. I simply can't. - "Zig zag" motions (guile/blank ultra/super) are a little difficult than a stick. While I can do them on both sides, I definitely prefer it on a 'stick. There are a few characters I feel GREAT with playing and a few that I 100% avoid (typically grapplers that need/have a 720 motion). Then there are characters I like to play, but are simply tiring to play with (divekick and charge characters, specifically). In addition to what I posted above, the SF4 engine doesn't handle HBs all too well: - There is a lot of height restriction on moves, so you're not going to insta air everything. Gouken's tatsu is a terrible move, but the insta air makes it viable -- shame it has a height restriction. - Leniency on inputs can still cause moves you don't want to come out. While I *like* the controller, there are definitely trade offs. Some have adapted very well to using one and I've given nearly 2+ years of using it on a weekly basis to understand my own limitations.
Hit up your local golf store and buy something there that will give you a free subscription. For at least three years, I haven't paid for my subscriptions and they keep coming in the mail.
When he said that, I firmly expected his hands to lower to Winger's rear. Winger would then bat it away and then the Dean would then go for a squeeze.
One thing I've noticed with the sweeper: it can help healers out. If I see a sweeper positioned in one area, I'm targeting that area for my ground forces. Once they start getting hit, I'll throw out my healers and now I've got an even larger buffer zone for the healers to do their thing, without the ADs wrecking them as fast. This isn't *all* bases and all situations, but it has happened on a few raids.
That's about my 6i. It's a shame I put so much spin on the ball -- it easily rolls back about 100 yards.
Feather seem to nick me more often than any other blade. Same prep, same cream, same razor, etc.
The question isn't just 4 or 6 cores, it's the platform you're buying into. Getting into Z79 gives you 4 cores and a few years of upgrades. Not all boards will have enough PCIe lanes for three way SLI, not all boards have on board m2 slots, etc. Going with x99 gives you more cores, more PCIe lanes and more of these boards have m2 on them. x99 also gets you into DDR4, which is where Intel is going, period. My platform is Z79 from 2012 and I don't have an need to upgrade the CPU, yet. I don't envision getting into a new platform for at least 2 years (likely swapping out the GPU with Nvidia's Pascal).
Mayo, spicy mustard, spoon.
CQ is the DLC that convinced me that BF3 was a significantly better "gun" game than anything else before it. I'd love for another BF title to have this mode and a few of those maps, but I truly want more destruction to help remove/stop some specific choke points that ended up being the strategy for a few of those maps.
My tablet has started to double tap. It's been an expensive mistake, recently.
As a Goro player, I know the feeling of having huge mobility, good pokes AND command grabs from pokes. Nothing was more hilarious in KOF 94 when you could jump in with Goro, land six jabs and then super! Balancing the attacks are key to having this kind of offensive power: lack of range, lack of power, lack of speed, etc.
Bandwidth on sat communications is huge. Coverage via sat is also huge. Latency is what sucks, but that is only important for a portion of what the net is currently used for. At worst, you're looking at 1.5 seconds (1500ms) of time between a request and response. With high bandwidth, it's enough to play youtube videos (not in HD), read your email and update your status on bookface. When I was dealing with sat (early 2000s), you could get the entire trip to just under 800ms, but that was under some ideal conditions. There are plenty of companies using sat communications (lots of gas stations with a CC component), they simply don't rely on it for low latency use.
And this is why we have six hour rounds.
&gt; I shouldnt have to worry about drivers though right since the hardware already has had its drivers installed? If you're doing a clean install, you're going to need to install your drivers, again.
What I want in a grappler: - Clean AA. QCF+P and the timing is relatively lenient. - Some near full screen move that prevents projectile spam from constantly pinning me back. Think Viper's ground attack. - Mobility. Even if this grappler is "large", the dashing and/or roll gets them the stage. For SF5's game system: 1. Stay without 360/720 motions. QCF/B is plenty fine, especially if you're doing 2x of them. 2. Allow for special grabs to grab while characters are in hitstun. As an attacker, you can jump in with an attack, get a few pokes and then special grab them.
Basically, I want [Goro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLk73y4PJaE) in the SF series. This video makes him look OP, but he was well balanced within the game system: well spaced projectiles were an issue, his jump was terrible, fast poke characters were a PITA, etc. Omega Hugo has a slew of these items and he's not considered OP (or no one is playing Omega).
MobaXterm is the only Windows app that supports Mosh.
Team #WhiteWalker checking in. Looks like all of your hope and saviors are gone, it's about time we make an appearance.
You'll be looking at the 19th hole soon enough. If you're lucky, even the 20th!
Bacon wrapped hot dogs. Since you're putting it on a shirt, the visual will work out quite well.
Bought! Now time to find a proper tub.
&gt; Does anyone know of any faster ways to get to the park? Rent a car for a day. The distance is ~33 miles and is at least a 45 minute drive (with no traffic). Getting through the sections of LA/OC you need to, with public transportation, is quite a challenge.
Lil Bird is practically unfair to fly against, if you're in the Z11.
It would have to behave the same or better than real grass, consistently.
From a player's perspective, it would have to relate to how consistently it holds full iron shots, pitch shots and chip shots.
Title is misleading. It should be: I made it, I photographed it, I ate it, I posted it.
My Mizuno's last two irons are a PW (45) and AW (50). My additional wedges are 52/56/60 (Cleveland CG14). While there isn't a big gap between 50/52, I've also got them reshafted with R flex wedge shafts vs. the S flex in the iron set.
Removing 15 trillion from our budget? Ok, I understand the reasons for doing this. Now where are the 15 trillion in cuts? The the model for the government is from businesses, this sort of proposal would get you laughed out of the boardroom.
What would be his nickname? yesus? yesus420yolo?
A fully charged TAP and Ultra juggle can kill at LEAST Seth and possibly Akuma. Rog's TAP is one of the better tools to use against Akuma, so be warned!
100k/year is fine. It will more depend on where you work and what commute you're willing to deal with.
Brian?
BF2 was many hours of fun. I still have my DVD for it, but there is no way for it to import the game/key into Origin or any other service, shame!
The amount of time dedicated to working at SpaceX jives with multiple I've known in the industry and that were former employee's there. Three people I know couldn't handle the hours (one contractor, one employee) and both left around a year or just under.
Comparing Windows' install to a linux install is a completely different world of design goals. &gt; Locked to a tiny resolution With the sheer multitude of graphic cards available in the world, choosing 640x480 for just the install isn't a big deal. Windows' goal is to quickly get you into the desktop and having some native resolution isn't going of any real benefit. &gt; Bundles absolutely no software but the install script itself What do you even mean here? Operating systems involve managing things like userland, network stack, storage, etc. Window installs several pieces of software that are incredibly useful: Internet Explorer (how else am I going to download Chrome?), notepad, cmd.exe, etc. Most of the linux installers I deal with install next to nothing on boot (Ubuntu Server, Debian, CentOS, etc) and I have to go get them once the OS is installed and network has started. &gt; Lacks drivers upon the first boot What drivers are you talking about? Are you talking a high end RAID card? Video? Sound? Networking? I can give you several examples where a stock CentOS install won't find specific pieces of equipment. All most want with a Windows install is to find the networking card -- so we can finish up whatever is left. &gt; Awful partition utility (although you can get by with shift+F10 and diskpart) Windows Vista+ installer allows you to create several partitions off individual drives without needing diskpart. What specific partitioning needs do you have that aren't feasible under Windows' GUI install? Remember: Windows' goal is to get onto your drive and be your primary OS. If you have needs beyond this, you simply need to plan accordingly. &gt; Buggy as hell! Windows 7 has failed to install on any machine with at least one SSD and one HDD I've tried. It also randomly fails if you plug it into a USB 3 slot. Out of the tens of millions of Windows' installs, there aren't nearly this many instances where it will fail. Windows will NOT install onto USB drives, it will only accept a drive that doesn't appear removable (a design decision kept since the Windows 9x world). Windows will never easily be installed onto a bootable drive (can be done, but with a lot of work) and this is well documented. Linux is meant to fit into so many different needs and roles -- that's why it's install is significantly more flexible. Windows is meant to be your primary OS and will play nice ... when possible.
&gt; Not a problem[1] . Windows uses the VESA standards for it's graphical installers. It started with a whopping 640x480, moved up to 800x600 and finally stepped up their game with 1024x768. Why bother even trying to get native resolution when the installer works with keyboard hotkeys? &gt; I am talking about the software bundled with the installation media. Essentially more than just the install script itself. Windows' installer is fully scriptable to the point where you put the install key, activate and install other software. [Link](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa372865\(v=vs.85\).aspx) If you would like to change your Windows install, have at it. &gt; Or provide yourself with the appropriate tools. You assume I have intrinsic knowledge of the machine I'm about to install Windows on. What tool do you need? During the Windows install, you can provide another drive with drivers for the RAID card you need to install. The only thing Windows want to do is install to your drive, period. All other things beyond where to install to aren't important and can be handled after the reboots. &gt; Because the overwhelming majority of those are installed by OEMs onto standardized hardware. Trust me, they have much better tools to work with than just a USB drive and they absolutely do not run the Windows installer in the typical manner. As I linked up above, the Windows installer can be fully customizable. Take your install ISO, extract the files and rebuild your own ISO so that it fits your needs. Corporations have specific needs, OEMs have completely different needs and it sounds like you have your own needs. 99.999% of the end users do not have the same needs. &gt; Also, "works on my machine" is never a pertinent argument to make. How many machines have you installed Windows7 on? I've got a few hundred under my belt (volunteer at a local school district) and all of them were able to install Windows 7 without any issues. The only machines that had issues (most machines were donated) with the installer were ones with RAID cards (use drivers) or EFI related BIOS (setting to legacy boot) items. Windows' install decisions were built around one thing: install as soon as possible, so the user can use the GUI to complete the rest. Because of this design decision, the only real limitation for the installer is finding valid, non-removable disks. Previous Windows installers did all sorts of things with video, audio and networking -- all have been dropped to make the real dependency related to finding local disk.
&gt; I get a weird vibe from these posts. Some kind of "I don't personally need X so I don't see why anybody else would" mentality. Please understand that I've been installing Windows on machines since the mid 90s. My installation experience has been via scripted (Corporate installs), netboot, floppy disks, DVD and USB sticks. For the longest period of time, Windows' installer has had one goal in mind: get Windows onto your machine with as few clicks as necessary. &gt; A web browser. A file manager. A hardware monitor. Just about any damn thing you can think of. These are nice to haves, but not important for an install (ihmo). All I want for Windows is to find the disk, update the MBR and start the multitude of reboots to complete the setup. &gt; Why not provide a GUI to complete the rest as soon as possible? This is Mr and Missus everybody we're talking about. Windows *is* providing you a GUI as soon as possible: you just need to reboot to do it. I get it, you want Windows installers to be more like Linux Distro installers that are GUI based. *I* want the Windows install to have even fewer clicks/key presses to install -- just get me to the disk selection and hurry up for the GUI. Did you knows that one of the oldest Solaris x86 installs didn't even prompts? You put in the CD/DVD and it takes the first disk, partitions and begins the install. If you had some data or OS on that first drive, it was a GONER. &gt; Let's not for a split second delude ourselves into believing the Windows installer is anything more than mediocre and barely sufficient. Windows installer is mediocre, but it was never meant to be a power user's tool. All Microsoft wants to do with the installer is find your disk, install Windows and get you to a GUI to complete the rest. With that design goal in mind, it's perfectly fine.
&gt; What are the major downsides to them? 1. Weight. 2. Size (specifically, depth). 3. Geometry un-uniformity. 4. Custom calibration for all the different resolutions with respect to geometry, refresh rate, etc. 5. They *will* get blurry.
Attack birds and Scout birds? Sweet! Could we also get transport birds in there as well?
Replay the 2002 Western Conference Finals.
&gt; So now artists get to happily go back to being paid next to nothing for their work What do *you* define as proper compensation for an artists work? The RIAA and labels have their own definition, to which plenty of artists have agreed to those terms. Every song out there has a myriad of pieces that need to get paid: 1. Studio time. 2. Producers. 3. Mixers. 4. Writers. 5. Performers (album and live are different, but we'll treat them the same in this argument). Independent artists have little funds to rent studio time, hire producers, mixers and may be the only one performing the music for any given track or album -- this is why they seek representation from labels for their work. Once they have representation, they can ask for loans to hire out the necessary people to finish their recordings. Given all the people I listed, how much should Taylor Swift be making on her most recent single "Bad Blood"? Clearly, she's performing on that track, check. Did she write it? Did she produce (fund) it? Did she record it in her own studio? Did she mix it? How about the other musicians that played on that track ... where is their compensation? If I'm looking at this correctly, Taylor Swift may "only" be 1/5th of the team it took to get that ONE single out to the masses. Before we even try to calculate how much her one performance is worth, let's also forget the 800lb gorilla in the room: marketing. Taylor Swift's face, name and voice is all over the place! Imagine if she wasn't a household name and still had this single -- it likely wouldn't be nearly as popular. Artists have a choice with their work. Sign and they gain access to funds, marketing and a slew of resources to help bring their work to the masses. Not sign and it will be entirely up to them (financially) to get their work out the the masses. Contracts with the labels have been WELL scrutinized for 30+ years, it's very difficult to hide anything in them (anymore).
Two keys to flying that bird: 1. Fly in third person as much as possible. 2. This bird is poor with momentum, unlike the AH and Scout. When I do pilot this bad boy, I'm in third person a lot and tend to loiter over positions because it's climbing/descent speed is terrible, while it's turning is VERY good.
My tendency with the driver (warmed up or not) tends to be "go at it hard" and that causes my timing to mess up. Usually when my timing is off, the path is inside out, I don't rotate my hips (will usually sway) or shoulders enough through the ball. My warm up is generally a reminder of: turn the hips, stop at the top, turn the hips again and hold my right arm to my side as I'm swinging through. The more I remind myself to do *all* of those things, generally I have better results.
If the top 1% spent %s of income the same way that the lowest 1% did, then maybe minimum wage would be fine -- because there would be SO MANY people employed. The richest 1% don't spend nearly the same %s of their income on food, gas, rent, etc. Imagine if a pro sports player spent 90+% of their incoming food, gas and rent (building NO equity) -- they would practically fund entire neighborhoods. There has to be a ceiling of income where you simply cannot consume that many goods or services, for the rest of your life.
What are the Lakers' picks in 2016? If we have possible picks in 1-3, it's almost a guarantee another Coach Scott tanking season is incoming.
Instead of $999.99 for flag ship, it's likely going to be $999.98.
Taxi's aren't the problem, it's the laws. If you're a taxi driver, you need to pay for a license to drive professionally. In order to keep this license, you need specific and clear markings on your car, insurance, etc. These are all mandated by the government, no real way to get around it. This situation is no different in the states (the cost is very high in NYC). Uber is providing a service that costs less because it skirts virtually *every* law that was put in place to protect consumers -- hence why it's cheaper than traditional taxi's. What Uber is doing is providing a transportation service that is better than traditional cabs. It would take very little work (ihmo) for cabs to adopt a model where it was 10x easier to get a taxi to come to pick you up, they simply haven't adopted with the times.
&gt; So Uber is going against the customer protection by loopholing laws and you want taxis to do the same. Yes. Uber is completely bypassing local laws designed around this business. &gt; Seems Uber Pop is the shit tier service. Uber Pop (in EU, at least) is the unlicensed driver service that is getting the ban hammer because it works with unlicensed services. When most people hear and think of "Uber", they are thinking simple of "transportation" and don't necessarily care if it's licensed or not. The one thing I can give credit to Uber for: building a better service model. Taxi (currently) are relatively poor are getting you service when and where you want it. Uber solves this via apps and unlicensed drivers help fill in the time gaps that traditional taxi's do not offer (not economically feasible to service all of many cities).
Which does Capcom allow for multiple's of first: V-Skill or V-Trigger. If I was a betting man, multiple V-Trigger's will come in a year+ from release.
Steak sammiches are one glorious way to eat steak leftovers. While you had it in a main dish, I applaud that as well! Never buy just enough protein to feed yourself, always have just a bit more and have some rice (for fried rice) or bread ready for the leftovers!
Just remember that for handicapping purposes, you stop counting at 8. I've got a base rule of being done with a hole a double par: tolerable on par 3s, ugh on par4s and painful on par5s.
Looks like I'm playing from the whites/silvers with the rating/slope combo. Can't wait to play, looks like a nice course!
&gt; My main concern with choosing clubs is control. I want to be able to hit the ball straight. This is a path issue, not a shaft stiffness issue. Your listed swing speeds of the driver are right in between R and S stiffness. Some shafts will easily have you in R and others will have you starting off in S stiffness. &gt; I'm happy with my distance which is 250 on a good drive At around 100mph, this is about the max drive distance you're going to get. I swing at around that speed and had a few 250 yard "bombs" yesterday. &gt; If I have to sacrifice 20 yards of distance for more control then I'll still come out ahead in the long run. Until you are absolutely dedicated to a workout routine to get your swing speeds much faster (we're talking 110/115+, which is crazy fast), the differences in the shaft are going to make nearly that much difference. The most common thing from a shaft that isn't stiff enough are the ball going really high into the air with both slices and hooks. You've indicated you're slicing the ball often, this indicates a path+face problem and not a shaft problem. &gt; Which from what I have found on other forums will be the result with a stiffer club. Is that information accurate? Golf is heavily about "feel". If you don't like the "feel" of something, it gets in your head and your confidence goes to shit, making you perform poorly. Having confidence in your equipment (aided by "feel") will make you perform better. Many golfers prefer the "feel" of a S club, but their performance could likely be better with an R instead (possibly with more weight in the shaft). What I'm saying to you is: at the swing speeds you're listing, the differences in those shafts won't make a dramatic difference. It's probably better than you fix your path+face issues, as that's the real cause of your slice.
&gt; Most of my information has come from the Dick's Sporting Goods sales rep, who as I am realizing more and more with each comment is not a pro. Sales reps aren't pro fitters, they are there to push merchandise. &gt; I was not expecting to buy new clubs and get instantly better, but I do hope that the right clubs can help me get better faster. A professional fitting will definitely help you out with that. Once you can fix your slice, then consider getting a professional fitting as you may find that S or R (with specific shafts) are going to be a great fit for you.
&gt; When you get repaired in a tank, always drive away so that the engineer can't help you anymore and the fight is fair for your opponent. Sometimes I wish there was an audio or video queue to tell you to sit still for that rep, possibly a count down until that repair is complete. There are times when I'm sitting still because of the repair, but then I quickly need to GTFO when the heat is incoming -- I didn't mean to NOT accept your repair, but the next set of rockets would have nullified your torch.
&gt; Virtual DVR. Instead of making me pay for a capacity-limited physical DVR in my home and deal with picking things to record, they could have recorded everything at their end and made it available to me on-demand on both the TV and computer. This exists in very restricted manners. DirecTV has this, but only for the shows allowed to be streamed (again, it's a license issue). I'm sure other providers have the same as well. The reality is: it's merely a wrapper for the already existing IP streaming service between DirecTV and the content owner.
Can someone please explain to me why citizens of a specific state cannot purchase the same health insurance, as their state or local representatives? If my tax dollars are going to their paycheck and insurance, why can I also not use the same resources?
This is best description I can give for what I saw yesterday during my round. 1. Stand up tall. 2. Grip club. 3. Lift the driver above your head (arms should reach the sky). 4. Turn the club 90 degrees to your right. 5. Begin your down swing. 6. Finish on JUST your left leg. Show that you finished on your left by hopping on your left foot, for a few hops. This is what I witnessed yesterday, for my round of 18 holes. No clue how the guy squared the face to the ball, but he was hitting drives around 220-230.
DJ is likely going to leave, as the Clippers don't have the cap space to sign him. This is a business and unless their new owner really opens the wallet, there are FAR greener pastures out there. Let's say the Clipper did resign to a big contract: how does it help their paper thin bench? DJ could tie up tons of cash for years, the Clippers won't have anyone around to help when the starters get tired and then all the star FAs will leave because there isn't a change they will be playing in the finals for more than the first round.
The paint is plenty big. It's not like they are both Shaq sized.
New resources to farm!
&gt; Swing your club like a putter. This is the most consistent chipping technique I've used, but it lacks one item that other techniques have: stopping power. When I want a quick bump and don't mind the roll out, then using my 56 wedge and swinging like a putter will produce roughly what I'm looking for. There are times when I *want* stopping power and this technique simply doesn't fit.
[Phil's technique](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4DevROGzXM) This isn't necessarily easy for all (I find Pelz's easier, but not enough stopping power), but it's worked better when I *want* spin.
Slants don't do as well when you want a very specific straight edge (side burns, specifically). I tend to get another razor out just for these spots.
&gt; We need more housing and density These are solved by going vertical -- this is easy. What this doesn't solve: traffic and congestion. In LA, the public transportation is not ubiquitous (and efficient) enough for everyone to be utilizing it (my commute is 22 miles, this is 3-4 hours with current public transportation). Even with additional public transportation that is incoming, it would not solve my *current* commute. More efficient public transportation is NOT easy in LA: geography of the land, overall size, number of different routes, etc. We simply cannot build more homes without having transportation available.
I, for one, welcome our autonomous driving overlords. Autonomous driving has been around the corner for quite some time. It won't be until we get several players in this market, billions of miles of R&amp;D and a bit of laws sorted out before it truly will be "here". Make no mistake about it, I also believe there will be a time when we're all paying a monthly fee for driving, but I also don't envision it will be here for everyone within at *least* a decade.
&gt; Dude theres literally multiple rail lines (both light and heavy) under construction as well as a multitude of freeway and street improvements.It's literally never enough for NIMBYs. You can take my commute from the South Bay to the West Side and put THAT into the rail line commute (lol). How many north/south rail lines are there between THAT route? NONE. If you live in DTLA, then there are a multitude of ways to get around, but not from where I am. There are a few specific areas where you can work in LA and be comfy with between the rail lines, but I'm (unfortunately) not close to anything of use.
Liked EP7, but there were too many things that just felt ... lazy. Star Killer. Seriously? Best you could do was come up with Death Star 3.0? Almost identical way to blow it up as well. Seriously. Kylo took off his helmet way too soon. Once he did that, his mystique was gone. Should have stayed on until near the very end. The foreshadowing of the last dramatic bit was too much. Totally obvious it was going to happen, by whom and where. Ending was piss poorly handled and I'm sure they shot several different variations. The movie should have ended with the Falcon just taking off OR a bit more dialog should have happened. Instead, we get all these cool scenery pieces for ... a helicopter camera angle? Lame. Disney easily told JJ not to take too many risks and he succeeded. Was it EP7 fun? Yes. Was it a good way to bring a newer audience into the Star Wars world? Yes. Does it make me want to see EP8? YES. Was it just a bit lazy with all the rehashed elements? Yes.
Big fan of the KOF system and definitely liked the optional things that were done with the CvS system.
Things I will miss: * Flashy combos. * FADC being a powerful game mechanic. * Bipson s.HK. Things I won't miss: * 1F links being absolutely required for some BnBs (play Rufus without it, go for it). * Incredibly powerful dive kick setups. * FADC being too powerful as a game mechanic. * Option selects. Yes, they HAVE existed in the past, but not like this. * Vortex setups.
After hitting a G30 a few months back (and carrying that damned gulley), I'm very interested in the stats for this bad boy.
Chargers and Rams, then the stadium's naming rights can be sold to Dodge.
I'm usually going to "save" a few things I like for round 3: overheads, more grab setups, punishes I didn't make before, FADCs (usually from normals) that I didn't use before. Some of the best conditioning I've done is playing as Rufus and getting everyone prepped for a dive kick setup once I've scored a knock down. Once they are fully prepped for the dive kick mix up, I go for his silly overhead and that usually throws them off their game so some basic setups are throwing them "off".
Damn peacocks come to my home too, making tons of noise and eating my fruit. These birds are not easily intimidated to leave.
Stock chip? Not over clocking? Stock cooler is going to be plenty fine. Would another cooler be quieter? Yes. Will your GPU be noisier than your CPU? Very likely!
Would give up my LA rights for this suitcase.
&gt; Is it a bad idea to buy a driver that I saw on Rockbottom golf and then potentially get it fitted later? While I'm a fan of Rockbottom, go to your local golf store that sells used drivers and go hit them. Even without a proper fitting, you can hit a few different ones to get a feel of performance, sound, looks, etc. &gt; Should I just go in an get fitted and buy from the store? I'd rather not waste money if I don't need to. Get a year+ old ... something. Ping is just releasing their new drivers, so their G30 and G25s are going to be on sale and possibly already in the used section of your local used golf mega mart. Get into the trackman and find something you enjoy.
&gt; I need a strategy guide against zangief any help much appreciated? Gief has a tough as hell time against the MP fireball. Your basic goto against Gief is to toss fireballs and that MP fireball is the one that really gives him fits. HP fireball isn't too bad either (esp when he's closer to the corner), but he can stand still or GH to get up on you. Great tools against Gief are: s.MK, s.HP. Your goal is to keep Gief out and he really can't do much against those normals once he's blocked. c.HK is a great tool against Gief, as most players want to walk forward (to prep for GH use) and the sweep is insanely fast. IHMO, the MU is likely 6-4/5.5-4.5 in Gouken's favor.
Inglewood is incredibly dense and is right near LAX's wrath of traffic hell. Make no mistake about it, Inglewood may be better for those flying in, but it will be terrible for anyone local. Carson is right next to the 405, 110 and 91 (while not too far from 710) -- definitely more accessible for more people. In addition to being better for the (current) freeways, there is also much more available land to develop on.
Would love to play Riviera and LACC! These are the two in LA that I'd do many things to play.
Electric cars are *all* about that lease! You're paying a fraction of the overall price AND the impending battery issue isn't YOUR problem. Pennies to recharge at home? EV cars are VERY viable when you meet the "right" conditions.
Between the different brands of cars I've owned, the Accord V6 engine and transmission was my favorite of them all. There is just something simple and appealing when it's incredibly consistent, I miss it so. I went from my Acura CL to a Lexus IS and I dearly miss what and how Honda deals with the gearing. Almost without a doubt my next ride will go right back to a Honda V6.
Been using this for about a day: very fast, very responsive. Free version downloads only linux ISOs, whereas the pay version will allow for any ISO. Definitely feels snappier than VirtualBox (which isn't saying much), well worth a few hours if you haven't paid for the commercial products. I'm very interested on how well this works with Docker-like things, port mapping, disk redirection, etc.
&gt; http://technodrone.blogspot.com/2016/01/native-mac-osx-virtualization-with.html This is the post that I found that led me to it! Lots of great potential here, very good stuff.
Apple's Hypervisor.framework lacks several features that other OSes have (USB pass through, GPU pass through, etc), so it's really NOT ready for *everyone*.
Two setups with my Ogio bag. While riding: Closest to me (while standing behind cart, left to right): 52/56/60 wedge and putter. Next compartment further from me (left to right): 6i through PW. Compartment furthest from me (left to right): driver, 3W, 4H, 5H While walking and using Clicgear: reverse the compartments to put the woods "on top", as they are easier to reach. If I don't do this, then the woods tend to get in the way of the mesh pocket and compartment.
Heavy hog raids. 30 hogs and the rest filled with Minions for cleanup.
Once I joined an HC server on Shanghai. Spawn in the gunner seat to find that my pilot has me at gun level where the elevator comes to the top, filled with enemies. 14 kills in less than a minute? I could hardly contain myself excitement with so many targets.
Would love to see how well an NFL o-lineman would do in Sumo (given about a year of training). Take a peak 20 y/o o-lineman and get him in that ring to see what happens.
Make no mistake: I firmly believe that! What I still would like to see is a well conditioned O-line player that trains for about a year on this. O-line players basically live for these situations, have the necessary hefty weight required for the job AND have the needed endurance for said sport. What they lack is training and I'd love to see what a motivated NFL-caliber player could do in Sumo.
AKA Attack Chopper's play pen. If Dawnbreaker didn't have jets or MAA, that map would also be another Attack Chopper's play pen.
If Joel didn't call Jim ... Dean during this, I'd be disappointed.
The only reason why that's possible is due to having an MAA and plane flying through -- they tend to easily hit the AH due to their lack of mobility (compared to the SH). I've played hundreds of hours in both birds and the SH is a much better bird up close. Once a decent gunner is in the seat of an AH, the SH doesn't stand a chance.
Move to an area where great golf is year round (likely FL), buy a home on a private course, and just start playing all the time.
Tiger's big domination heavily came in the form of health and fitness. Yes, there were players before him that took fitness to the next level (Gary Player, etc), but Tiger's combo of both fitness *and* the mental pieces that is required in golf is really what got him to make those clutch chips and putts. Today's pros have taken their fitness to the next level. They didn't all of a sudden start going to the gym because of seeing someone else, they've been doing the work since before they were pros -- because that's the only way to succeed at a high level. There are some pros that haven't adhered to the level of fitness, but they definitely seem like the minority. Definitely want Tiger back in the mix of competitive golf. I *want* to see the look on his face when he's hungry and eager.
Learning how to cook and teaching the value of home cooking is an incredibly powerful life skill. There is nothing better than walking into the grocery store and being incredibly confident that you can easily feed yourself (and family) on the cheap, while providing good nutrition.
What makes it tough? The execution of the move, the timing of when to initiate it?
[Comparison between G and G30](http://www.golfwrx.com/344600/review-ping-g-g-ls-tec-and-g-sf-tec-drivers/) Looks like if you already have a G30, then the new stuff isn't going to make much of a difference. I'm sure with proper fitting the G will likely do better, so take this article with a grain of salt.
Mark Crossfield was explicit with these drivers not being fitted for him and his friend. The LS driver was much better for both of them and there is probably a bit more performance to eek out with a proper shaft and loft fitting.
PCB, wiring, and buttons are going to run you near $100. Some box to house it? You can get by with all sorts of things (plastic container with a flat top), but you're going to want heft with the device.
You're going to want some [PCB](http://www.focusattack.com/akishop-ps360-multi-console-joystick-pcb/) Unless you're ripping apart an existing controller.
Always bring a different color ball for when your landing zone may be near the driving range. For just that reason, I have some yellow Srixon's in my bag that get used a few times every year.
While DTLA was my favored location (several rail lines), I'm annoyed that it's now out of favor. Inglewood location is close to the 105 (LAX) and 405 -- likely the preferred spot due for owners. I'm *not* fond of this location due to how incredibly busy it already is. Forget the fact that only eight home games will be played here, the stadium will be multi use and will be hosting PLENTY of other events throughout the year. Carson is my preferred location. Close to the 91/405/110 (710 and 605 are also fairly close), lots of open space and it's really not THAT far from LAX. Getting in and out of Carson is FAR easier than anything near LAX and everyone in LA knows this.
There are a few stations not too far from Carson, but you are right: it's immediately lacking transportation. Inglewood isn't better: when the Crenshaw line opens (2019?), it will be about a mile from the stadium. DTLA had many different ways in and the existing line dropped you off across the street.
&gt; Even if there is a shuttle or something, that negates some of the traffic reduction benefits public transpo could have helped. Shuttles have already been talked about for Inglewood and Carson. The thing is: we're YEARS away from the lines completing, it's embarrassing. Why NOT embrace what LA is (cars) and go to Carson without all the public transportation. Anaheim Angels' have an amazing route in and out of their stadium (use carpool, seriously) with the freeways, why not do the same in Carson? Inglewood is closer to LAX and Hawthorne airports, making it the most prime location for everyone that has the money (owners). Make no mistake about it, my preference is Carson and they are going to set their guns for Inglewood.
Buy fewer things.
The 405/105 can handle only so much!
Just about every stick you can buy is going to work with PCs. If you go with a custom stick, many of them are using PS360+ and they are all PC compatible. The only time it's been an issue is with slightly older sticks and non Intel chipsets.
&gt; But I do wish that the NFL didn't claim to be a non-profit business! The NFL is a non profit business for the following reasons: 1. The league is funded via post taxed dollars that the owners collect from advertising revenue, stadium revenue, licensing agreements, etc. 2. Every team is taxed, every stadium is taxed, every player is taxed. How much they are taxed (each) is all about how good their accountants set them up to be. Make no mistake, everyone is getting their share (owners, players, IRS, etc). 3. Each team is an individual corporation, owned by people that having different voting rights, etc. Because each corporation wants their revenue to grow, they have given up some individual rights to the league (run by the commish) in order to help grow it for everyone. Every professional sports league is setup in the same way: every team is responsible to pay the players, every player is responsible for their taxes and a portion of post taxed dollars goes to run the league itself -- for the better of everyone. The actual NFL league offices are in NY and LA, where they likely employ fewer people than what it takes to run a stadium (and team). Any money generated by the league itself (NOT any individual team) is VERY small -- show me someone that actually bought a non team specific hat/shirt/jersey.
In with this!
Non profit requires a lot of transparency associated with salaries of people, retirement pieces, etc. It also affects how they conduct business when it comes to travel and travel arrangements -- a huge pain when it's a significant part of their business. The league dropped their non profit status in 2015 for many reasons. I'm merely pointing out what the "non profit" really means when it comes to a professional sporting league. Many people misinterpret what the league does, how it operates, why it's a "non profit", etc.
Medic class shouldn't have the best ARs in the game. With BC titles, the Medic has all the support guns instead of the M416, AEK, etc. Because of this change, the medic is a much better player to sit back a bit, provide supporting fire and becomes a mobile spawn/healing point vs. the run-n-gun machine that they currently are.
&gt; So, tee time is booked for 11 tomorrow, and we're ready to go. What is the most important thing to ensure I have the best round I can, and the best day out into the bargain? Keep pace. Relax. Keep pace. Bring a lot of extra golf balls. Keep pace. Be prepared to pick up your ball after back to back bad shots. Keep pace. Be mindful of where your misses are and play accordingly. Keep pace.
When the Cubs win the world series.
What resource will the Loot Cart need in order to build? Gems.
3W, 7i, SW, putter.
Would love to ride in those FD RX-7s, but they look just so small.
Add the bipod and play a bit of Fortress. While you don't have the sheer amount of ammo the LMGs have, you're still able to drop people (with ease) with one quick burst. If I'm picking medium to long engagements with assault, the G3A3 is my definite goto.
WW was broken AF, period. If you never played it, go find a few buddies and enjoy that snails paced game with all the broke! Better yet, make sure to get the oldest OG rom you can, as it had all the famous bugs/glitches in it.
Same exact 4H in my bag and it's great. In fact, it's one of the most reliable clubs I've got in my bag. Adams makes some quality stuff, it's my 3W, 4H and 5H.
Your AQ is right next to the CC -- it's a one stop kill squad for any attacker. If you want to help prevent two stars, you're going to need to make attackers choose which they want to take out first: AQ or CC. In your layout, I choose "both" because they are next to each other. The best anti two star bases were the ones that had their TH closest to the middle of the base, as most attackers had attack through the ring outside of the TH.
&gt; We are getting shit on for sucking due to our history of dominating. How many teams command that type of attention? The Lakers have been to almost half of the overall NBA finals, ever. While the Lakers' success in the finals isn't as good as other teams, the sheer number of appearances is pretty impressive. Laker hatred is well understood due to the consistent performance we've had for a very long time. For now, the Lakers need to work on their young core to create valuable assets not only for trades, but to help land potential FAs. As-is, we haven't had a significant FA signing since ... Shaq. Since that one signing, we've basically robbed Paul to pay Peter (losing draft picks) and it's caught up with us. Laker FO knows how to rebuild, but it takes several years. There isn't a single player on the market (or not on the market) that will take the Lakers back to championship contender -- we *must* develop what we have.
Jump spells have a limited duration, a smaller radius and don't do additional damage to surrounding buildings. Some bases aren't as effective against a single jump spell -- you may end up needing more than one to be effective in a warring situation. Earthquake is a permanent effect, a large radius, hurt additional buildings and will shred *any* level of wall (seriously, this is huge)! Most of my recent war raids usually involve funnel to one spot, WB through one area, send in the KS and EQ to open a huge interior of the base. Each spell has their uses and EQs seem to be better for my use.
China hasn't had the cultural love of Star Wars that many other countries had. Star Wars was introduced very late there and hasn't had the PR/marketing that others have had. With EP7, they *did* kick up the marketing for it, but it's not nearly the same as it was in most of the rest of the world. $100 million is a lot for a move in China where the cultural appreciation is relatively new. Piracy is definitely an aspect in that country, but a lot of newer wealth *want* to go out to see a movie in the theaters -- because they now have the ability to do so. [CNN article on why China won't be huge for Star Wars](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/18/asia/china-star-wars/)
Very safe route to walk, nothing sketchy with the area at all. Beware: this is an *incredibly* busy street and you'll be walking at peak times. While the exercise is great, consider using the bus at least coming home (or buy a cheap bike). The area you're staying and working in has plenty of bars, restaurants, etc. If you want to hit the beach, you're really not that far from it and there is plenty of good eats around there.
The best part about the MegaCrab is all the loot! While you can gain good loot by taking bases on your maps, the MC is a very large amount of precious loot! Even the other events aren't nearly as profitable for loot, so I'm having a blast playing against MC.
&gt; They need to build their stadium directly across the street and fill it with blackjack and hookers, maybe a giant middle The location they are building on IS FILLED WITH BLACKJACK AND HOOKERS. Seriously, it's on the same land with a casino! Not the nicest of casinos, but it's a legit casino.
&gt; I'm a degenerate gambler I like you. We should be friends. &gt; other being Crystal Casino in Compton What about the one in Hawthorne? The Hustler in Gardena even feels a bit shady.
At what level TH do you believe all Gobs isn't a viable strategy?
The gasoline "sin" tax will gradually shrink as we move to other sources of energy. While electrical cars are a tiny fraction of overall cars sold in CA, they still use the roads, use lights, etc -- they simply aren't paying to use them. Pay per mile makes the *most* sense, but the scaling of it must have some income and type of job component mixed in (truckers would get KILLED with crazy taxes).
Some bases make having quad-eq that much more devastating. For others, the jump is more useful. Generally, I'll carry WBs and EQs for farming raids. For wars, I've also made WBs + EQ a very useful strat.
CE put in the boss characters without *any* balance to them. Bipson was straight OP with block strings, chip damage, etc. Vega definitely had wall dive loops (once you knocked someone down), so he was also heavily annoying to play against. If memory serves correctly, Hyper Fighting quickly came after CE and the ensuing nerf bat hit the boss characters hard.
Professional sporting organizations' non-profit status means they pay no one is paying taxes. While the NFL did change their status last year, it didn't change anything in their day to day operation.
Loot changes sound good, let's give it about a month of our regular play time before judging. What about the big news for TH7? That third Air Defense comes! Mass dragon is going to be harder with that other AD up, right?
Yanet Garcia ... I'm a dude.
Love Rickie! Good on him for winning! He went through a big swing change last year and got close several times. Looks like it's all coming together at the right time.
Same issue just appeared a few weeks back (and haven't used it since). The temp didn't go through that huge range you've mentioned, but it was a consistent +- of ~5 degrees. My unit isn't even up to a year old and I'm very concerned about it.
Crows is a good base for the current meta. By spreading the base out as far as possible, it's difficult for enemies to build a funnel troops into a specific location. With the spread out defensive layer, Giants just walk around the base and eat up all the DPS and don't usually make it through half of the base before finally dying off. Typical Barch armies may not be spending time on walls (once they are in), but they are easily eating DPS from virtually every direction due to the difficulties in funneling to the core. Attacks that seem to do the most damage are heavy air raids and war themed (GoWiWi, GoWiPe, GoHog, etc). It's somewhat rare that someone is hitting my base with a war attack, but ymmv.
The only way my hair is fully manageable is with a shower wash. If I don't shower in the AM and try to style my hair, it just flat looks funky. Also, I prefer to shave in the AM vs. PM.
No matter the lock, thieves can cut it. My stuff was stolen years ago at the gym due to bolt cutters and I haven't used the lockers since. The only thing I bring inside with me are my car keys (no ID required for 24 hour fitness). You did all the right things with your stuff and make sure to keep the police record for it.
Edit'd, tyvm.
Red sharpie circle around the number. I'm sure someone out there does the same, but I haven't countered it in play. While I've been accused of hitting another player's ball, they tend to back off when I show them that all the others are marked in the exact same way.
The economy is good, people have the funds (and patience) for private transportation.
&gt; Now that I'm back, it seems like it's near impossible for a one pass kill. What changed? Weapon changes, balance changes. BF4 is relatively stable now with these changes, so get used to what they are now as they aren't really going to change anymore (ihmo). As an AH pilot, the only real way to remove a tank with one pass is all of your rockets and a well placed TOW. If they ever pop AP (I tend to fish it out with a few rockets first) AND if they run to hide, it can be difficult to remove a tank with one pass. If some tank isn't running AP and doesn't hide, then a one pass kill can usually be had with TOW and rocket barrage.
Practice. Tanks are really the best to practice against as they really can't get too much elevation. Start relatively close, fire and learn the speed to guide that bad boy. Work your way further back and practice moving the bird in one vector while maintaining your crosshair on the target. Hitting flying targets is tough, but those pesky tanks and LAVs are almost too easy.
Seriously. What are you going to taunt him for? "Hey big guy, you're so big!" "Your French is terrible. Where did you learn it? France?"
When you match wedge shaft lengths, how do you typically go with size? Let's say my last iron is a GW (at 50), what length would you have a 54/60/64 wedge?
Same experience with Feathers. The first shave (after a two day growth) is usually gonna nick me somewhere. Second shave (usually two days of growth) will generally be good. Third shave? 50/50 where it will look like my face met a cheese grader and lost. I *never* consider a fourth attempt with Feathers. Same razor, same prep, same cream, same passes ... just something funky with them and me.
Raiders are never going to San Antonio -- Jerry Jones will guarantee it.
The only way Brady is going to Denver is for the AFC Championship playoff and skiing.
The recent sweet spot for drivers seem to be lower RPMs, right? Seems that many of the YT fitters are working toward 2200rpm and lower with their drivers to get those optimal conditions. I've got a Cobra Cell Amp Pro and it feels great. But after hitting the Ping G30, I'm itching for a new fitting.
While it may be important to make sure the optimal spin rates are kept, I would also caution anyone to just think about the best long ball. Ideally, I'd be looking at a driver+shaft combo that produces the most favorable dispersion and the best distance.
&gt; Cobra again with the Kuro Kage shaft and 9.5 loft setting This is my exact shaft and loft. Definitely the best combo when I was fitted in 2012.
Rail lines covering the South Bay to West LA, without going through downtown. Ideally, every four blocks there is a train station going either east/west or north/south between the SB and WLA.
Southern California! Los Angeles up in this house!
Look better naked.
Wilshire CC is definitely on my bucket list for the private places in LA!
If I'm going heavily with Hogs, then Golems are my goto. If I'm going heavy with the Valks, then Giants are much better to funnel with.
&gt; So you think they did the right thing honoring that obvious pricing mistake. Dick could have done what they wanted with the situation. By honoring the listed price, they would lose a bit of money but would have bought some good karma with the lucky person who has some new clubs. &gt; Do you think that the right thing for you to do would be to return them due to the obvious pricing mistake? If Dick's is willing to honor their mistake, then I'd be very happy person. If Dick's didn't want to honor their mistake, I think it would be unreasonable for anyone to be *too* upset.
Kerr proof clipboards incoming! Lebron's send their regards.
Microsoft could use the good karma by financially helping out those that have been affected by the Windows 10 preload on those with capped connections. The entire Windows 10 rollout has been really bad.
Go right on back out there and do it again!
Dem leadership have been too busy focusing on putting Hillary into the WH vs. the best possible candidate. If the Dems' goal is to ~~sit on the iron throne~~ be in the WH, they **really** need to reconsider whom they are up against. Drumpf has been the "anti-establishment" candidate from the get go. He knew there wasn't any chance of beating Hillary on the Dem ticket, so he went GOP ... and he's now on the ticket. Even with all of his poor choice of words and horrible record on many items, he's been chosen by people that actually go out and VOTE.
Never under estimate the power of having a single club of the other dexterity. While I wouldn't carry a wedge, I do have a 6i and have used it for punch shots where hitting my typical righty clubs wasn't an option.
Didn't the tech behind these get bought by Hogan?
Older laptops are GREAT for easy homelabs: wired connections, possible to put a bunch of ram in them, single SSD, etc. You have a built in battery (if it works), build in screen AND built in keyboard! While laptops aren't generally known for running ESXi, you can definite use other VM hosts to get the job done.
Lebron went back to be the hero, only to prove that Cleveland is straight cursed. Even with him not taking all the salary, getting solid people involved *and* having championship run experience -- they aren't going to get it done. Where does Lebron bolt this off season?
Assault with a deadly weapon? The San Jose DA has pretty sufficient evidence.
&gt; Wouldn't turning a club upside down work just as well if you're punching it out lefty Definitely, but there are times when you can't physically stand in the direction you're comfortable with -- making a lefty club that much better. I'm not currently bagging my 6i ($6 at the golf store), but it was something I had before *and* used in several instances.
You can with Bluestacks on a Mac. The issue with Bluestacks is the actual activation of a click is *just* below the tip of the cursor. Put the very tip of the cursor just a few pixels (3-4) above the chat and click -- it works! I'm dead serious that it's simply a few pixels All touch between Bluestacks and OSX works this way, I've gotten used to touching a little higher for all raids because of this.
Harding, next to Griffith Park in LA.
If this agent served in the 90s, he's likely well past any statute associated with his discussion of service. If he also keeps out any specific details associated with anything sensitive, he's also in the clear. His publisher would have done *some* due diligence associated with the material, otherwise this book wouldn't have been published.
TiVo did a lot of things right with their hardware, but their monthly fees are what really kept me (and others) away from them altogether. With OTA making a mild resurgence, they now have a more compelling product (tuner, DVR, apps) and that monthly fee is just something I will not absorb. If anything, TiVo should have a DVR-less unit but keep the rest of the feature set: OTA tuner, search, apps. While I like the DVR functionality, most of the time I never use it. Any time + anywhere streaming is where it's at now, the need for a large HD just isn't there anymore.
Is this the only film where these two step brothers were together on screen?
Remembering a few things... Keeping the arms connected with the body. Generally speaking, if my right arm gets disconnected, then my swing is going to be over the top. Another way to look at it is making sure that right arm doesn't get too disconnected from your body during the downswing. Rotating vs. swaying. Rotate the hips. Rotate the shoulders. Make sure the right shoulder "dips". If it's not dipping, then the shoulders aren't rotating and the arms are doing all the swinging -- bad. Swing with "all arms" means I'm not rotating my body (hips, shoulders) and that's a bad thing.
Next time you get a loin-like cut, give the steaks a light water brine (if you can) for at least two hours. 1/4th cup of salt to 1 quart (4 cups) of water, stir until dissolved and then let the steaks sit in there. I generally won't let the steaks sit overnight, but ymmv. After the brine, sous vide as usual and lightly salt the exteriors of the steak before finishing them.
Not just level 6 goblins (ez to do), it's also the right type of base as well (harder to find). Centralized hitting wizard towers crush Goblin packs, so you really have to avoid them at all costs.
If we truly wanted very secure and reliable e-voting systems, the cost would be prohibitive in many parts of the US. Between purpose built hardware, networking communications and a fully staffed team to monitor/protect the entire pipeline, the costs would actually be quite large. Combine the above costs with the fact that it will become political, immediately. Voting companies would have to get registered state by state, every company would need to pass different tests, etc.
The pilot was thinking: boop. What the pilot ended up getting was: booooop.
Physically, this will work. The bigger issue is chipset support (speed and TRIM) for whatever machine you're putting it into.
Within the last two big CoC updates: Xbows do more damage (two updates ago). Wizard Towers have more health (two updates ago). Valks have less health (two updates ago). Up to two Valks can be tossed via spring traps (more recent update). Even with the big speed bump, Valks have received several indirect and direct nerfs within the last two CoC updates.
There isn't any base that will protect all of your loot in M1, period. Masters is full of maxed TH9/10s, no base can defend against them. You either drop trophies to be in a league that has fewer maxed TH9s or accept the fact that you're going to be hit and just hit harder when you get your chance. Your defense definitely has a lot to do with you being three starred? If you aren't maxed with your D and don't have high level heroes, it's going to be very easy to three star your base.
This infuriates me more than anything else. I know exactly the yardage of my slice. I know exactly where I've found my ball on the same course from the same slice the last time. Why can I not find the same ball from the same slice off the same damned hole?
Look at all that adorable red hair! With the sun up (and his fair complexion), get him used to a hat and covering up! Keep him at it!
The combination of all these things are definitely in the nerf territory, but nothing like what happened to the witches. Without some buffs, I cannot see any reason to ever use the witches in wars.
You could take a step further with EU leagues where a road win is worth more points (towards playoffs) than a home win.
Ross and TJ Maxx are definitely places to find cheap clothing that may or may not be out of style. Shoes are definitely a mixed bag at those stores, ymmv.
Another YT reviewer of single length irons, this time from MSE.
The "lengthening" is where I struggle the most in this. Setup isn't difficult to understand for the driver, using the legs to rotate (you must squat for this to happen) isn't bad, but that consistent length is where I have a tough time.
Thank you for working hard to bring SF back to a trusted source for users. Because of what SF used to do, there are now several competitors that really feel in the same spirit of what SF was. With hard work, SF can once again be a location that aren't on blacklists, can be held in high regard for information and software.
Damn Iverson! Iverson did it to the Lakers at the Staples Center. Once he threw down that three (while he was also on his ass), we weren't going to win that. After that loss, the Lakers obliterated the 76ers.
Never stop gaining.
[Lebron's face after hearing the news](https://i.imgur.com/xNkqYAf.gif)
Link staying blue.
Your tan game is strong! Bravo! Where is that right/left hand disparity?
Not a pro, but it looks like over the top and an open face.
If you're primarily a farmer, move up. If you're primarily warring, don't pull the trigger -- you will be more a liability than an asset in wars.
What size are those beers? 12oz? Glass? Seriously.
For the HDR support, will it support both formats? With this news, I'm really interested in the Pro unit.
Pascal card, 4K HDR set and a Shield sound like a mighty nice upgrade for the home theater.
Grab the communal broken tee and give yourself the most perfect lie you want.
Lots of (faded) flare up there!
This is a cat and mouse game, as long as end users have some control over their local machines. Publishers and ad networks need to truly re-evaluate the current value of what ads are. Currently, legit impressions are sub pennies per view and barely anything on click (I'm in the biz). Until the entire industry values a real impression (more $ per view) AND the legit click is also valued much higher, publishers are going to want to cram more ads into the same screen real estate.
CQL could totally use all three birds on each side.
From what I remember about the match: Daigo's battle was supposed to be an exhibition versus a world championship. Valle handily won the US portion and then would battle Daigo's first visit to the US (~17, if I recall correctly) as part of an exhibition.
*8. My hopes, My dreams, My wishes.
&gt; It appears to be a hybrid powertrain with electric motors, a gas turbine generator This is basically that founder's MO: hybrid drive trains, utilizing a turbine motor. A previous article stated that they were piloting a retro fitting of delivery trucks with their tech, as trucks are a much larger solution of pollution and would greatly benefit from electrical motors. Getting almost everyone onto electric motors is a good thing (insta torque is love). Powering that electric motor via batteries, fuel cell, turbine or a combination of tech is where we should be focusing more of our time.
Will be there tomorrow, as we do every year. There is usually a summer recital at the theater during the weekend (from Yamaha), wonder if that is also happening this year. Local brews are no joke! How many breweries do we have in the South Bay? 10?
Let's get stuck in.
Avatars and sigs will be available on all posts.
HMG is my goto when I have a solid gunner with me -- the infantry destruction is immense. Canister shell gets OHK on infantry from incredible distances, can destroy light armor *and* can shoot pilots out of birds. Even with the cool down time shared with the main cannon, I prefer it when I'm a solo tanker.
Never understood why this wasn't more common. I'm right handed and why wouldn't it be the dominant arm in the swing?
Rookie's can complain about salary all they want, but the entire point of the draft was built around having a relatively equitable shot at players going pro (lottery + drafts + rights, etc). Ownership would probably love to not have a draft, but the competitive play would probably go out the window as top prospects will *probably* receive better contracts from larger markets. While I don't mind the Lakers consistently having a great shot at landing the top prospect, there aren't that many markets that truthfully will stand a chance. In addition to big market teams being able to sign the best talent, mid level players will also receive a shaft due to teams being able to negotiate with all available rookies. With the way the pay scale is now (and 90% of each cap must be spent), you have very team friendly rookie contracts, one max (maybe two) and a bunch of mid level play to balance the whole thing out. If teams could negotiate with all rookies, I'm betting we'd lose more mid level and have a few more teams with an All Star that is surrounded by a bunch of rookies. If I were to change the CBA, I'd remove the team option for the 3rd and 4th year. Since I'm not an NBA vet, nor do I belong to the NBPA, that sort of change is NOT going to happen.
The GOP will vote for sensible gun control laws as soon as the Dems vote to repeal every aspect of the Health Care Reform act.
That swing is great! Brookside is a nice track and the local membership is totally worth the cost. If I were in Pasadena, Google would confuse Brookside as my actual place -- I'd be there *all* the time with it's summer memberships.
How high up are you teeing that ball? What is the ball's position in your stance? Where do you normally place the ball when you hit a driver? Generally speaking, if I'm teeing up the 3W, the ball is just off the ground. In terms of my ball placement, it's one ball closer to center compared to where the driver is (left heel). The goal is a light "sweep" off the ground, so you don't want the ball too embedded in the ground or too high.
There is a reason why father's and daughters have a special bond: father's find a way to create a smile and will do whatever it takes (no matter their age) to recreate that smile. You (as a dad) are their hero, their protector, their best friend and that's a bond that is unlike anything else in the world. If you (as a father) need to wear make up, put on a dress and be a fairy for a day, you have ZERO qualms doing it. You look at your father and try to understand why he's weird, talks a certain way and has a level of humor -- it's because he stopped growing up because of you. Your dad figured out what worked for/on you and just kept it up. Why bother changing when the most precious person in the entire world has a smile on their face and looks up to you like you are the most important person?
As a TH9, I've tried it against a few Inferno's to distract and it didn't distract them long enough to die. If the skeletons didn't have HP, but had a duration (X seconds) of life, they could be MUCH more useful.
The latest driver heads and shafts need to match the golfer. Weight back driver head (for forgiveness)? You probably want a higher spin on them to make sure the ball gets up in the air. Weight more forward (less forgiveness for more distance)? Shaft's going to need a low to mid launch characteristics to match. When TaylorMade had their SLDR out, the "loft up" campaign meant something because those low spinning/CG forward clubs need additional loft to truly benefit. Get fitted. Today's tech change is huge and every golfer can benefit from a fitting.
Driver: ~250-260 on so-so drives. 280-290 when I absolutely crush the damn thing. Last time I was on tested on some speed test, I was just over 100MPH. 3W: ~220-240. Reliable in these distances, love my Adams XTD Ti! 4H: ~200-210. If I need fewer yards, I choke down. 5H: ~160-170 6i: ~150 carry 7i: ~140 carry 8i: ~130 carry 9i: ~120 carry PW: ~110 carry GW: ~100 carry 52W: ~90 carry 56W: ~80 carry 60W: ~70 carry My irons game is weak, I'm very certain my smash factor on them could be increased and I would gain yards.
&gt; 2) The stage would be set for a Wahhabi version of Daesh emerging in Saudi Arabia post invasion. The main reason that Daesh has become what it is today is due to ex-Baathist Saddam loyalists from the Iraqi Republican Guard command joining the operation and directing Daesh's military operations from the shadows. This entire scenario would play out all over again if the Saudi regime was forcibly collapsed by the US military. Gaining energy independence, improving geopolitical relations with nations like Iran, transitioning away from Saudi oil and letting Saudi Arabia financially collapse into itself is the more intelligent strategy, drying up a major source of terrorism funding, and that's what the Obama Admin has been attempting to do. Bingo. The last 15 years of the US' influence (toppling of governments) has basically created the situation we have now. Had we not intervened in Afgan or Iraq, we wouldn't have created Daesh. Toppling Saudi Arabia is the last thing we want. As poor as their human rights record is, the country is mostly an ally AND is generally politically stable. Removing the house of Saud will create another power vacuum that will be filled with people armed with AKs.
"Avoid difficult intersections" ? The entire West Side will be excluded!
My initial thought of using the skeleton spell was to give TH9s a (slim) chance against infernos. Plop in some army and as they get within the range of the inferno's, drop the skeleton spell to distract them just long enough for your army to get in. The spell works like that, but those skeletons are simply paper weight and are practically useless. If the skeletons didn't have any HP and merely a duration of life, they would be far more useful.
FYI: the event started with US vs. England (possibly not even the UK). At some point the Brits got pissed with losing so often they included the EU and have been much better ever since. EDiT: [Originally between us and GB.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ryder_Cup) This would exclude Ireland and Scotland, correct?
A few things would make the spell more useful: * Larger radius of skeletons. As-is, it's a fairly focused area that will get crushed by DPS with ease. * More skeletons AND have them appear all at once. There simply aren't enough coming out at once to make it that useful. Considering how weak they are, the need for sheer numbers is key. * Skeletons have a timed duration of "life". Remove their HP altogether and have them last 5+ seconds. TL;DR: more longer lasting skeletons is the only way to make this spell more useful.
Elixir farming with the Knife is knowing the cost of your army, so you know which bases to pick. If spells + army are costing you 130k elixir, you had better make more than that to stay profitable. In addition to making profit, considering using some DE troops for elixir raids as that will offset some of your elixir cost.
If you're really a fan of air raids, then go with the LH. Otherwise, get that AQ up asap.
If driving distance was everything in this game, why hasn't Dustin Johnson or any of the long drivers on the ReMax circuit winning all the tournaments? When Tiger arrived, he was much longer than everyone but had every other facet of his game dialed in. Even after others caught up with equipment and athleticism, he still was better with his irons/short/putter.
&gt; official was right there and DJ asked for a ruling and he said it was fine If DJ asked an official right there and said OK, then it should be fine. If DJ was given poor information from an official, he should be pissed.
The only negative I have against the Varidesk (which I had for ~9 months) was I couldn't lean against it without it easily moving. I'm 6'2" (187cm), ~205lbs and the table would easily move/shake if I leaned on it. I liked the desk and setup, but lacking the ability to lean against it made me give it up. The next setup I'll look for is one of the nicer units where the desk is sturdier OR put the desk on casters so support is very strong.
Removing the ability to lower won't remove my issues with its sturdiness. Casters under a desk are better and a desks that were built to electronically lift have been better with their sturdiness (ymmv).
Meanwhile the Russian SH touches the ground at a slightly odd angle and it blows up immediately. Give the same land to the little bird and it shrugs it off.
Didn't DJ ask for the ruling at the time? Sounds like he did and the official cleared him. It wasn't until some time later when this got into question. If an official's word isn't any good (at the time of the possible infraction), what good is having an official with them in the first place?
More spread out buildings so the splash damage of Valks can't wreck the base as easily. Valks will need to walk to every building vs. sit in middle of a few. Once you start making the base anti Valk, they start becoming susceptible to surgical hogs.
2x Golem, 8ish Valk, 16ish hogs, CC Valks + Wiz, Wiz and WB to round things up. Bases either go down with WB + EQ or WB + jump. If someone really makes a bad base, EQ is all that's needed.
Wine and more wine. Potato is something I generally avoid, I'm a big fan of something with a different texture.
&gt; Hey Guys, Im curious as to why unraid is so vulnerable when directly open to the internet? SSH is on by default, with very little hardening. unRAID wasn't really built for you to utilize day to day -- you're supposed to use docker or VMs to accomplish more of your service needs. &gt; My ideal scenario would be to have my plex server, nzbget, couchpotato and a linux distro running from the same machine however if it is a better idea for me to run a mail server from a separate machine all together then ill go down this path. Do all of these with separate docker images/VMs. unRAID should be considered the host of your VMs, while the VMs provide the majority of services your network needs.
Netflix with ads is something that will eventually happen (live sports will likely require it). Will I cancel? It would wholly depend on how the ads are implemented and how consistently pervasive they are. Hulu is an example where the ads make it a terrible experience (no surprise, Hulu was built by broadcasting companies) and I definitely wouldn't want Netflix to go down that route. There are definitely ways to balance out ads for the Netflix users' eyeballs, I wouldn't simply cancel immediately once they implement it. If Netflix started to chase profits associated with the ads, they will go down the rabbit hole that they have worked SO HARD against for so long. The day I have to cancel Netflix because they are now a shitty product is the day I will indeed shed a tear.
Didn't take long to get used to being on a HB from joystick (been playing fighting games in arcades and consoles since SF2). I'm also a heavy computer user with LOTS of emulator use, so a keyboard for input has been a heavy main stay for a long time. I still cannot do 720 motions, period. I've seen the vids, I simply can't. If a character requires it (looking at you, Gief), then I avoid playing them altogether (360 motion is EZ). Playing charge characters is a little tiring (lots of holding), but pretty doable. There are motions that I *really* like with the HB: dash, SF4 Akuma's combo into U2 and anything insta-air.
AQ walk from 3 to 12. Around 12, send in a Golem and wiz to build a funnel. Once the funnel is built, send in Valks + Wiz. After CC + AW down, surgical hog the rest. Very easy three star base, as the defenses are too spread out to cause significant harm to any troops.
If you don't have at least a baby drag in the CC, you're doing it wrong. The requirement for D *must* include some form of air troops. If an attacker comes in with Valks, air will either quickly crush them or slowly crush them enough to the point where your regular D finishes them off.
Always found it pretty odd that of all the nanny states, CA allows for lane splitting at high speeds. When I visited IL (years back), lane splitting was illegal, but helmets were also not required.
360s are so easy: F, B, U+D+P/K. It's a 1-2-3 button press, super fast. It actually feels faster than using a joystick.
This sets your hands and wrists correctly for the downswing.
Don't bowler walk. Go with Giants, backed by Healers. Build a funnel (Wizard, etc) for the Giants + Healers. Once the Giants start making their way inside the base, send in the Bowlers behind them. Bowlers' DPS (and range) is meant for TH10/11, so TH9 defenses stand zero chance against them. Once those Bowlers head toward the core, they will absolutely shred any densely packed base. Add in a few rage spells and they'll be able to take out &gt;60% before you send in your clean up crew.
&gt; isn't a chicken wing with the left arm for a right handed golfer? If you're a right handed golfer, your right elbow should be closer to your right hip.
You go from the height of hype, being on top of the world, in a parade for your honor to the most humbling game in the world? All in the manner of less than one week?
Cleveland can have the title every year if this guy always eats shit.
Doesn't look like much roll is going to happen. Gonna have to loft up a bit for those drives!
[And the shirt is off again](https://twitter.com/SportBlogNYC/status/746002961743122433/photo/1)
Send him by my place, I'll get the pounds packed on his frame in no time. Hit me up, Mitch.
Change their DNS and point Google.com to localhost.
&gt; How about the backwards digital strategy of not allowing me to watch the episodes? It's about contracts, pricing and distribution rights. EVERYONE in the industry doesn't want to pay top dollar for programming and they will do *anything* to keep specific content on specific delivery mechanisms. I firmly believe that DBS/Sat companies are in cahoots with cable/dsl providers to actively prevent more companies from delivering content over IP. At some point the shoe drops with rights and content owners will move away from favoring cable/dbs for pricing. There is absolutely no technical reason, it's all about the contracts.
Looks like a par to me. I would happily sign that scorecard.
Hate Goodell all we like, [he stood up to bullies for his openly gay brother](http://www.outsports.com/2012/12/7/4054056/nfl-commissioner-roger-goodell-protected-his-gay-brother-from-bullies)
Rio Hondo (Los Angeles) has a par 4 sort of like that. ~300 yards (or lower), incredibly tight landing locations (if you went driver), dog leg right, OB right, impossible to get up and down if you went left *and* you couldn't see the green from the tee box. Locals recommend whatever you hit 150, do it twice.
&gt; If he's elected, he'll be able to look everything over and make decisions as he sees fit. He'll be able to approve or veto spending bills that come from Congress, not create the bills themselves. Even while he's in the WH, his job is to enforce the rules/laws that were created by Congress. As much as Trump likes to tout him changing the rules, he still cannot do that without Congress' bills. There is *some* leeway with all of this, but it's not like Trump is going to wave his hand and magically change all the laws.
We actually have a small problem with that: we're so young that it's difficult to fill the upcoming cap space without overpaying. If we can't land an All-Star like player during the FA, we could end up paying too much for someone. Every team must spend 90% of the cap and we have ~20 million committed -- we *need* to spend another 60ish. Lakers may end up with a few slightly overpaid 1+1 deals, just to make sure we still have cap space available in 2017 (Westbrook).
There aren't enough players under contract to realistically be able to trade up to eat all of the cap. [Current CBA rules](http://www.cbafaq.com/salarycap.htm) &gt; 15. Is there a minimum amount each team must pay its players? 2015-16 90% of the cap $63.000 million At the 2016-2017 estimated cap of 94 million, that's ~84.6 million. &gt; Teams with a team salary below the minimum are surcharged for their shortfall, with the money distributed among the players on that team. The Lakers have a lot to spend, or they'll pay the fine. Lakers could resign their core group to eat up the space, but I'm sure they would rather land some veteran-like presence.
At longer distances, the KH and a bipod absolutely chews through infantry. Unfortunately, those types of engagements are pretty rare (for that class). For some of the Fortress battles, I was able to use this combo and almost every enemy dropped with one burst to the upper body.
Take a western with character development, witty lines and put that into space. Many other sci-films (at the time) weren't successful because many of their incredibly fantastic stories, even if they had interesting special effects in them. Wrap up an interesting story, great characters, decent writing and then insert some really great special effects. Star Wars' story has been told from a number of different directors in a number of different ways. It's uniqueness is the time frame it was released, along with how it molded several different new and old together.
Wade wants the Kobe contract. He's given a lot to the organization and wants to be paid for it. Even if Wade's performance isn't worth 20+ million/year, it's what he's helped bring to the organization for his entire career. Riley definitely doesn't want to pay Wade that much over the next two years, when it probably removes them from contention.
100 yards of carry? GW. 150 yards of carry? 6i. Not a consistent hitter, but these are my goto.
Google Docs is my goto to keep score. Nearly every 18 hole round from 2010 has been kept in there. Armed with all this info, it's easier to keep track of my handicap.
Easiest way to get Symantec to make changes would be for Chrome to present security warnings when trying to view the websites for any of Symantec's domains.
Cersei knew Tommen was going to die and she gave up on him. While she made him stay in the Red Keep via The Mountain, she didn't want her actions to directly counted toward his demise. She knew the prophecy to be true and it was only a matter of time before her son were to die, she simply didn't want to be the direct cause of it. As soon as she accepted this fact, she was ready to unleash the fire on all of her enemies.
Waze will direct you to this intersection between 5-8PM and tell you to make a left.
Without listening to the audio, I immediately knew it's in West LA. Wazes frequently will have people cut through neighborhoods and try to make left turns into that mess between the hours of 5-8PM. If you aren't familiar with WLA, Waze's recommendations are sometimes a death sentence.
This story sounds pretty fishy.
It's a chicken and egg problem... Publisher need to pay bills and will use all of their available ad space to fill it with ads. Ad networks want to pay as little as possible for impressions, as their pay outs to the owners of the ads are as little as possible. If we (the consumers) want a better reading experience, publishers need to start reducing all the bad ads they are showing. The only way they will do that is by getting more money from the ad networks that provide the ads. Since there is zero incentive for the ad networks to starting paying more for the same impressions, this will never happen. The best model (imho) that we'll move to is paying some subscription to a series of different sites (vs. one at a time) where ads either go away completely or are dramatically reduced. Publishers get what they want (money) and now the available ad space is worth FAR more not only to the publishers, but to the ad networks and companies that want to be in those premium positions.
&gt; See I don't want the internet to become cable TV No one wants that, truthfully. It's inevitable that the net will have consistent ads, as there is virtually no regularly published medium out there that doesn't have their space monetized. I'd prefer a little control over the types of ads I see, how persistent they are etc. Paying some form of subscription for a series of sites isn't a huge negative, it's just that I'd have to pay about 4-5 sites together right now. Over time, alliances will occur and it will become easier to subscribe to a block of sites that now provide a better experience.
Stand? The fact that he remembers 18 holes is an accomplishment!
Lagers. Some form of cool lager on a warm day. Usually not too strong ABV and a clean finish.
If you truly want to separate all the different upgrades, you'd get a modem, router AND a wifi unit. All three move at different paces and the wifi stuff moves at the fastest of them all.
My resolution is to play more. I'd start on 1/1, but we got a bunch of rain! 1/2 isn't a bad day to start!
Rocking the Tank here. Love it! Lots of confidence when lining up the putts, very nice roll off the face.
&gt; How much was Vader paid, anyway? Would love to see a Star Wars' inspired LinkedIn. Imagine Vader uploading his resume into this site and comparing salaries to find out he's well underpaid and trying to bring that up with Palapatine. What kinds of HR/OSHA violations would exist on Vader's resume?
Are the odds 18-1 if the Pats make to the Superbowl or 18-1 without the Pats making it? If SB51 is Giants v. Pats, the odds have to be better than 18-1.
LTG is really the Dan of SFV: we watch the comedy.
&gt; Republicans will simply blame Obama for everything, and the Republican voters will fall right in line. The first part of your statement is mostly true, but the second part won't work when GOP voters lose their healthcare. Make no mistake, getting the largest block of GOP voters (senior) to pay for the significant care costs because their representatives voted to remove it would be near political suicide (much like touching Social Security). If the GOP does make changes AND it effects seniors, the Democrat attack ads will have a laser focus in 2018.
You're right, Dan is likable and can win in a decent players' hands. LTG can't even win in a 7-3/6-4 match.
Just recently did I see a guy bag these new irons. Shame he wasn't in my grouping, otherwise I would have tried to hit his 7i.
Harding golf course? You're only too parallel if you're having a tough time squaring the face. If you can hit from that spot (reliably enough) and you're not in pain, why switch?
This was my big problem this year as well: getting short distance control. Once I learned when to stop the backswing and how to accelerate from the "abbreviated" position, the better I was able to pitch. Making swing changes is a process. Pick 1-2 ideas and work on them for a few weeks! Meanwhile, try NOT to game while making these changes.
In no particular order... * Freeways should have a toll for entrance. Remove the HOV lane altogether and make virtually every onramp a "toll". This will not dramatically reduce the number of people using the freeways, but it will certainly help. * Lights need improvement during peak hours. Anyone going through the West LA area knows that there are some streets that really need that East/West flow and there are others that need a heavier North/South flow. * Peak traffic needs more policing, period. There are far too many intersections that get crammed up because people run the red, turn on the red, etc. If there was a more noticeable enforcement of the existing laws, we'd curb some of the most blatant offenders. * Enforcement of speed minimums and the left lane(s). Far too often are those using the left lane and barely going the speed limit. While there would be a huge backlash from the senior community (few want to see little old ladies pulled over and ticketed for slow driving), this word of mouth would get around and (hopefully) would change users' driving habits. * Stop allowing unprotected left turns on most busy streets during rush hours. Waze/Google Maps/etc all like to do this, but it's incredibly risky and is prone to numerous accidents.
&gt; You keep the money even if you find work. That's the difference from welfare. People aren't penalized for trying to get ahead. It's better than than: you still keep your housing. The is a huge gap between "on welfare and housing subsidies" and "completely on my own without government assistance"! If you're on welfare and housing help, you're up against the wall looking for work because you likely don't have the necessary skills to suddenly land a job where you can fully sustain yourself. This is a huge catch-22 and UBI can possibly help fill in that gap.
Ryzen will likely bring more competition in the i5 space (price), but giving more users more threads for the same price point. Threading isn't what end users need (mostly), it's IPC. For users with Photoshop, lots of VM needs, etc -- Ryzen *could* be a good option, especially if the motherboards aren't crazy expensive that support 32GB+ of ram. Intel doesn't have the same drive for consumers any longer, as the limiting factors of the computers are usually in the network itself and that isn't something that will rapidly change overnight. Consumers have moved to a lot of ARM for use (phones, tablets), while the data powering those apps (on ARM) are cloud based and heavily x86.
99% of end users don't need more threads. End users needs more IPC and lower power, definitely not more threads.
Last years' Callaway Sub Zero was also the better performing model -- lower spin is key. With the non Sub Zero model, you're adding more forgiveness for higher spin. Once the spin numbers come down, you're hitting those long drives -- but it could also be high slices/hooks. Wonder if the Big Bertha Alpha line will disappear. Seems this one model can cover good and better players with ease.
Shields' is already bagging an M1 that gets him over 300 yards. With the regular Epic, its just not as long as the Sub Zero model.
Chasing 0-60 performance is (mostly) worthless for an EV car: use more power. What's more interesting is that 130kW pack and the claims about it being the best in the business -- considering all the other makers pouring R&amp;D into batteries, I find that hard to believe. What I do like is AWD from the base model. For EV rides and all that instant torque, having AWD is going to be icing on the cake for most use! Do we really need EV rides to either be slow like the Leaf and nutty like this and the Model S/X? Where is the competition for 2-300HP versions and cars that have buttons and levers? Most don't even need 2-300HP because of all that instant torque! Someone has got to make a 60-70k EV that has 50% of the Model S *and* has buttons throughout the interior!
Even with sub 100mph, you don't want high spin rates -- you want higher launch angles (loft being the easiest to tweak).
You can have too low a spin ... but you need to drop to something like 1700RPM -- not easy to do. Crossfield really seems to like the Epic SZ and it reminds him of the SLDR days. He stopped bagging the SLDR because mishits were too low a spin and the loss of distance was far too much. Let's see if the new SZ can be more forgiving from mishits.
Most of the replies here mention the culture of quality, which is completely true. Another (somewhat overlooked) aspect of the quality: a constant strive to make incremental improvements. Toyota and Honda aren't known for making huge/splashy changes on a regular basis. Instead, they will release a new product every few years and make gradual improvements until the end of its lifespan. Accords are well known to have bare specs upon release and many of the upgrades find their way to the base models by the end of the Accord's life cycle. The most desirable Accords are usually the last year of a specific generation, as you're getting virtually all of the refined and tested pieces inside. While not flashy, it works. It always works.
Democrats should call the bluff and go along with it. Let's see the reaction of GOP supporters when their healthcare options disappear.
It takes you more than 2.4 calories to make and *drink* a cup of coffee!
QWs are still viable at TH10/11, but the bases have to be particularly setup to use it. One of the strategies posted for QW is against ring bases: QW walk down one side to create one side of a huge funnel, BK + a few Valks down the other side, then put a jump spell in the middle island -- the rest of the Valk pack just funnels right in. QW was my favorite strategy, but 2016 slowly nerfed it away.
&gt; You probably just struggle with different aspects of your game. It's my second shot. Always the second shot!
Good ol' Planned Parenthood was going to fall by the sword any day now. GOP just love to trash it, even if an incredibly small portion of PP's work involves abortion. Just gut PP already! Move those funds (what's left of them, at least) into the same general fund ... BUT make sure women still get the same services. It's shame that this won't happen (abortion is GOP wedge issue), but it makes more sense.
Eight dozen boxes here, I'll gladly sell them to Lost Golf Balls!
Getting enough people in your local city to change the laws. *Many* complain about Santa Monica's lack of density, lack of high rises, etc -- isn't it well within Santa Monica's voters and council members rights to have as much or little housing as they want?
I wish! I was lucky enough to get a few boxes, but not nearly that many! The only reason why I bought what I did was cost, not for me to profit from. So far, I've traded away a few sleeves with others that wanted to try them out.
TH10 here, went with mostly the 9.5 route (did drop Xbow, didn't drop Inferos). Traps (minus the silly spring one) are maxed out, Air Defenses are maxed out (just in time for Dragon event), all new walls are to level 10, and have now started on the first level of "real" TH10 upgrades on D (completed cannon first level, now on archer towers). Debating the next lab upgrade, but will probably do freeze spell. With the current meta, air is strong and putting a freeze on those Infero towers really helps ensure that three star.
Putting the ADs in the middle ring risks an AQ walk/charge on the outside that will eliminate more D that a Valk/Hog crew won't have to clean up. If I saw this base for war, I'm guaranteeing an air raid due to the spacing of the ADS. All bases have trades for builds!
We also went to the games! I went to two games and knew a swath of people that also ended up going. The Expo line is amazing for getting to a game and many others used the Rams' game as a reason to try it out as well.
&gt; Where do those rights come from? Fed -&gt; State -&gt; County -&gt; City. Santa Monica's residents have determined they don't want buildings of a specific kind. When the residents do want different buildings, they'll vote those sorts of changes in. &gt; From a purely Democratic standpoint, we recognize that we can't simply vote ourselves a free lunch or vote to limit other people's fundamental rights because it benefits us. Property isn't a right. Living in a specific city isn't a right. &gt; Do we really think it makes sense that the most desired real estate should be limited to the people that just happened to move in 40 years ago? I (for one) don't agree with SM's ordinances associated with building height and density restrictions. When/if the locals in city hall and the residents want change, they will make it. There are also several other cities that surround SM that haven't made their own changes, so SM isn't the only city to blame. Santa Monica happens to be high on the complaint list because of it's well known/established name. &gt; The vast majority of people who work in Santa Monica would prefer to live in the neighborhood, but they just can't afford it. Not everyone that lives in SM wants to live here (me).
The largest thing I do different with my driver is to tilt my spine angle so that my point of impact is more upwards. Think of tilting your spine (not just your neck or just shoulders) just a little "away" from the target so that your left shoulder is a little higher than the right. When I'm hitting my driver well (high draws), I have a real "upswing" feel on impact.
I'm wearing flannel to the range, for you.
The real reason: confidence. All players want confidence when addressing the ball with their clubs. Some players are all about feel and don't care for numbers or data. I've played with guys with drivers from the 90s that they love, even though they easily could buy the latest stuff on the market. The performance of these look amazing, but their newness is why they haven't been tested by those pros. Wouldn't be surprised if a few of them bag them by the end of this year.
&gt; I just hope they don't regulate them into the ground and make it too difficult, expensive, or inconvenient for anyone to actually comply. You haven't been in California long, have you?
Time to get Dodge on the phone about sponsoring the stadium! Rams and Chargers sponsored by Dodge Stadium!
For most muni's, this is something I *want* to happen. If everyone had individual carts, then we could all be "ready golf" for virtually every shot.
Definitely not the case, as I took out the platter drive to install a Samsung SSD and I still see the SanDisk 16GB SSD as another drive in the system. As-is, it's now my D: drive and I'm still wondering where I missed it during the TrackPad upgrade.
What you've described is a trilogy of Han films that lead all the way into EP4. I'm hoping they really don't go THAT far into Han's background *and* tidy up all the loose ends before we meet him in the Cantina.
We don't want "insurance for everyone". We want "healthcare for everyone". There is a large difference between these two statements. Sadly, the only time I believe we'll have some form of meaningful "single payer" healthcare is when the GOP are in charge -- they don't want the Dems to receive ANY credit for them coming up with that idea.
Building a war base trap and watching their fresh hit fall right into said trap.
Whatever we find in that general area, we better not send Matt Damon to check it out.
Looks like I'm stashing mine! When I can trade sleeves for new TM Drivers, please post back here.
Gloria Allred just needs to get this trial to the discovery phase. Once there, all kinds of emails/video can be pursued to find more potential victims.
I'm the polarizing guy: six pack or three stars (clean up). Sometimes the risky opener leads to an amazing raid that is glory. Then there are the times when that risky opener leads to a 37% 0 star (sometimes a 1%).
&gt; What does spin affect, how does it affect it, and what can be done to change it? Spin helps moves the ball. With backspin, the ball will climb upwards. With sidespin, the ball will curve left or right. &gt; Is it a combination of swing mechanics and equipment? Which has the biggest impact on it? All of the following affect spin: 0. Quality of strike. 1. Club you're using, especially the loft. 2. Angle of attack. 3. Type of ball (softer balls will spin more). 4. Lie you are hitting from (fairways will spin less than rough grass).
Sunny is shot in SoCal. Was this shot in Aquatica in San Diego?
Hit both at the local golf shop to find that the Epic Sub Zero was just going left all day long for me. Once I changed the shaft into whatever their demo X was, drives weren't as high, but were also not as left. M1 didn't have the same hooking issues I had with the Epic, but make sure you get fitted! Shafts are super meaningful!
Definitely like the sound of the Epic SZ. I've got a Callaway XR from 2015 and I wasn't fond of the sound or feel from a good strike. The Epic SZ definitely had a nicer feel and a duller "thwack" sound off the face and I much preferred it. What I couldn't get over is how often the ball hooked for me with not only the Epic SZ, but my Callaway from 2015. Even with both drivers set to neutral, it's hook city. The only way I felt I could hit the ball straight was feeling like my "release" never occurred. Anyone else get the same feeling with Callaway drivers? I'm certain a proper fitting will fix the hook, but it's definitely off putting when trying out their demo. When I hit the 2017 M1/2, I performed my same swing and the ball did not draw or fade nearly the same. Shafts play a huge role in this, but I simply never felt comfortable driving with a Callaway because of how easy it was to turn over the ball in it's stock settings.
Can you do the 720 motions with HB? It's literally the one thing I can't do on them :(
Even in the neutral setting it's closed?
Between the GT86 and Miata platform/size, the hybrid roadster would be immensely fun!
Ran all of last year with Ecco spike less -- greats shoes when the conditions weren't too wet. For the very early AM rounds or hilly courses, there were a few times when I didn't like the spike less shoes and would have preferred real spikes instead. For drier conditions and more flat courses, the spike less were fine.
Please go ahead and gut the ACA with no replacement. Rip off the band aid and just do it now. For the states that are heavily reliant on federal funding (south), this will be incredibly (and immediately) painful. Somewhere, somehow, the GOP will spin this as the Dem's fault. I'm not sure how they will spin this, but they will find a way to remove the ACA and just blame the Dems.
SuperBowl requires as close to finger/hand food as possible. At this point, I'm considering doing a big brisket and just buying the rest of the things I want/need.
808 yards? Lord have mercy.
How fast to complete a round with a sim?
Not every car maker wants to get into selling and servicing cars. Designing and making a car is one distinct business. Dealerships are a very different business. With a dealership, you're dealing with the land you're on (leasing, buying), upgrades and maintenance to the facilities, etc. There should be room for a makers to sell direct. Of the big makers out there, I can see performance/enthusiast car makers building dealerships in areas with plenty of land and possibly dedicating a track to their customers for a test drive. Imagine a Porsche/BMW built a dealership in the middle of Ohio and had a ten mile track you can also test your ride out in -- THAT is the type of dealership that a few makers would want to build.
When the question is "quad quake vs. jump", I boil it down to: how much value do I get with either. If a single jump leads me to the something specific I want, then jump it is. Generally speaking, I'll bag a jump spell for both air/ground raids. If quad quake leads me to something specific I want, then quad quake it is. Generally speaking, I'm sticking with a ground based attack because of the value of the quake -- opening a huge chunk of the base at once.
If the Dems orchestrated a ton of illegal votes, why would they concentrate them in Dem heavy states? Why not put those votes to traditional swing states where they would be useful?
A tunnel from Bel Air to Hawthorne is the most Musk-y thing I can think of.
The statement of "securing our borders" is something you can rally support behind. Using one solution of "building the wall" isn't going fly with a large number of politicians in office. If both houses cut virtually every department (which they would if they could) then MAYBE we'll have enough money to build an effective wall. Truthfully, putting more drones on the border patrol would be far more effective than this mythical wall.
Gonna have to unload mine on CL, stat! Trading a sleeve of K-Sigs for lightly used M1/M2! Someone has to bite, right?
This is roughly how I play most par5s and the longer par4s that I'm not consistent enough to reach -- I want an 80-90 yard shot out. 80-90 yards is my sweet spot with a wedge that I'm extremely confident in using. Because of the height I get with that wedge, I can consistently aim for the pin and not fear much roll. Even if I screw up my drive, I'm usually looking to punch out to leave me roughly that same sweet yardage.
There is nothing like playing new course. Not knowing where to aim, where the trouble is, etc. Then there is another great feeling when playing a new course and having a local sherpa help out! I've been the sherpa a few times and it's fun talking someone into the necessary strategy for navigating a course.
How I miss those scout chopper maps! Monolith was amazingly fun with those birds with all the places to hide! AA missiles were almost no use on that map!
My learning of birds was from Monolith. If you didn't know how to fly and shoot on that map, you were DEAD in seconds. Once I learned how to fly and shoot on that map, the rest were cake! CTF was my favorite mode for BF3 -- there was only one non SH map!
80-90 yards is a 56. 90-100 is a 52.
The secret plan was to let the Russians weaken ISIS enough that after he gets elected to the WH, he can come in with the final blow to claim victory.
&gt; my fiance Congrats! &gt; She says she will get her revenge.... If she will be your wife, she has an entire lifetime for revenge!
Is this position the only major one that doesn't require Congressional approval? I'm sure there are other high level spots that don't require Congressional approval, no?
&gt; I personally play my wedges all at the same length. It was an experiment I tried and it worked for me Same! My Mizuno set has a PW/GW (45/50) and I've made my 52/56/60 all the same length as the GW (in a softer flex). The consistency of length allowed me to keep all of my wedges in the same setup position of right in the middle of my stance.
Wouldn't call this a game changer, but a definite buff. If your opponent isn't a 3 framer or has the invincible startup (as stated), they could be put into a world of hurt once Alex starts getting the block strings into the HP slash.
Driver that goes where I want. 3W that goes where I want. Hybrids to irons that goes where I want. Wedges that fly silly high and land so soft that I'm always a gimme from the hole. Pretty sure this set has yet to be made. Once it is, send me a link!
In the vid, powerbomb it doesn't beat 3F lights. What this *will* do is condition your opponent into jumping/3F lights, etc and you can punish+bait in other ways.
&gt; and some tape Found MacGyver.
Nolan Ryan's career strikeout count of 5,714 will likely stand for a very very long time. Pitchers no longer play as many games or as many innings as they once did and very few have had the longevity and consistency that Ryan did (Clemens was close for longevity). What is probably touchable is Ryan's 7 no hitters. While still an amazing feat, let's not forget that his last one came at over 40 (42, I believe)! It's going to take one hell of a pitcher to get hot to match those 7 no hitters and I can almost guarantee there won't be a pitcher that will beat that strike out number.
Opening the door for third parties to service Tesla vehicles will potentially open up the car for mods! Let's get more cars out, get a framework for self servicing in place and then work toward Tesla certified repair places!
Top pitchers are worth eight (8) figures a year. Teams will do anything not to get those starters hurt to put them on the DL or Tommy John surgery. Ryan wasn't a believer of the more modern way to train guys -- preventing long throws, only warming up with baseball pitches, etc. Nolan credits his longevity to his own training routine, which includes a lot of long throws and even using footballs.
Someone get Kevin Smith on the horn, stat.
&gt; This is like Cal's consecutive games streak or Ricky's stolen bases record. They will NEVER be equaled. Cal's streak has a better chance of being broken, for sure. Ricky's stolen base count is definitely beatable, but that's not what "today's game" is all about. When there is some incredibly smart (and fast) player that really want to excel at theft, they can beat Ricky's record. While I wouldn't want to see Ricky's record fall (watched that game on TV, along with Ryan's last no hitter), someone really focused could do it.
Dems can say all they want, they don't have enough votes until at least 2018. Until the GOP voters start protesting en masse, absolutely nothing will come from Dems' talk. IF the GOP are threatened by losing their seats in 2018, they'll dump Drumpf in a heartbeat.
Mother is Thai. His dad is black and part Native American.
His swing doesn't look like its does a lot past parallel, but he's clearly got a lot of power with it.
How soon before we hear Drumpf talk about negotiating with our good Russian friends about how they can help our economy?
Things that would cause you to consider hitting lower... Wind. While you may not feel it where you're standing, the ball when it's up in the air. Green is very elevated. Combine any semblance of wind and having to deal with elevation means you're not taking chances of hitting it high and prefer to keep the low bullet. Pin location. Front pin location with that much elevation AND wind? That's a sucker pin, for sure. Ground conditions. Even if you hit a ball perfectly, it probably won't stop on the greens anywhere close to that front pin. Those tournament conditions are meant to make sure the ball keeps on rolling. Keeping the ball low, letting it carry a bit short and relying on the roll out was seemingly a high percentage decision.
Few things. I'm tall (6'2", 187cm), have long arms (knuckles almost drag while I walk) and have very good rotation with my shoulder and hips. With the video lessons I've had, I can produce near PGA angles with hips and shoulder turns. Additionally: clubs are +1/2" longer, so my 7i is closer to most other players' 6i. I've even lengthened my wedges so that even the 52/56/60 are the same length as my GW (I like consistency). Finally: I am absolutely inconsistent with my second shot. Drive the fairway and have 135 left? Totally a crap shoot if I hit target or not. I have no problems with the distance, but it could be a hook or a push. A two way miss is nothing you truly want. My third shot is usually the one that saves my ass and it's usually my 56 wedge. Played with plenty of guys that don't hit as far as me, but they were way more consistent and I'd rather have their game than mine.
&gt; Can someone explain to me how this system would work without creating a huge incentive for high wage jobs to leave the state? High wage earners will go with the high wage jobs. There is a significant amount of this in CA, so a lot of the talent comes to CA to help supply it. How many high-wage companies have left CA en masse? This is a Mexican stand off problem between companies and employees: both sides are afraid to blink. You're also assuming that the taxes will only go up without cost reduction in other places. Employers and residents will pay a tax, but they will also stop paying health insurance money altogether -- that's a significant savings on paperwork from the employer *and* employee. What SP costs up front may seem higher, but the long term is going to save more money for more residents.
Chipping and putting would make you tired? 65 full shots make you a little winded? These guys make a living hitting on hitting, they could play 16 hours straight and still be eager to play some more.
Let us not forget that many textbooks the US uses are written in Texas. History won't be overly harsh on Drumpf, at least on the textbook level.
Enjoy the game. Love the breakthroughs. Be a good warden to golf. Help shepherd new players. Drink.
If Drumpfs associated continue to do misdoings, then the investigation will never end and they will never be prosecuted until well after they are removed from office.
Soon we'll see the financial ramifications of companies not being able to sell to EU without stiff tariffs. THEN we'll look at Russia and how we can sell without any tariffs.
Now Drumpf has to pass ACA reform and many voters will lose their inexpensive coverage. C'mon GOP, what are you waiting for?
He started with a single inch. Look at the growth he's had from lifting!
Gotta have the CRT screen to play those 8/16/32 bit consoles.
Got it and use it throughout the week, even when not golfing. OW is a weighted tempo trainer that helps keep you loose -- it does both of these very well. On a weekly basis, I'll swing this for about five minutes and I'll make sure to swing this before I go and play a round.
&gt; However, there's something to be said for simplicity in that once you QQ, that section is down and no need to worry about timing, esp for those w/o max jumps, and frees you to focus on other aspects of the attack How often do your troops go back into a section? When I'm in a war, it's pretty rare I'm ever skipping a section of a base and having to come back to it at the end. I'm not saying it *never* happens, but the most successful attacks tend to "swallow" bases so that they finish up almost altogether. The only successful attacks may need to path back and forth seem to be LaLoon based attacks (imho). &gt; I personally don't find the dark spells all that useful at TH10, other than maybe a poison if I wasn't planning to already rage their CC section of base. TH10 all the spells it can get! Extra level of poison, hastes *and* skeleton spells all have their uses at TH10. You really need to invest in those DE spells for TH10, they definitely are key for three stars. &gt; For people calling GoVaWiHo "GoWipe 2.0", I'd love to hear your input on what we should be doing at TH9/10 instead. GoBoHo or GoBoLaLoon should be the 1-2 punch for virtually every TH9 raid. If you're going with either of those, then you definitely don't want QQ. If your clan doesn't have TH10s to donate bowlers, then GoVaHo or GoVaLaLoon should be very good combos for three stars -- again, the need for QQ is lesser because of how you finish. If you're up against a really bad base, then GoVa could be all you need and QQ could be a viable option. &gt; From what I've seen, it either goes real bad, or real good... not a lot of middle ground. This is LaLoon in a nutshell: you're either gonna 3 star or you're getting a poor 1 star. Getting good at LaLoon takes a lot of time and patience. Generally speaking, I'm usually our clans' number 1 hitter and won't employ LaLoon on a fresh hit (unless I have a really high confidence) due to it's inconsistency. Ground may not always get the 3* (GoBoWi is pretty good with the meta right now), but it's also more reliable for a 2 star and that's sometimes all you need.
No screenshot of full loot cart? Welcome to TH10, what's your priority of things to get started on?
Get on that AQ ASAP! Level 31 AQ will one shot the hero alters (and builder hut?), worth the time savings when you're going through those bases.
Righty golfer here and *I* feel the power and direction comes from the right arm+hand. My right arm+hand are very dominate in the swing and the better I control *them*, the more consistent and reliable my shot becomes. Other righty golfers I've played with want to feel the opposite ... ymmv.
When the game was first demo'd, it was on a Mac. OS8 or OS9, I don't remember which one the beta came out for first. Was working at a shop that had a Mac lab and was able to secure one of the higher end Macs just to play around with Quake3. Once I swapped out that hockey puck mouse with my regular USB Logitech, all was well. Quake3 was also the first title that I remember supporting SMP! While I didn't get many more additional FPS, my minimums were close to the 25% gains claimed by iD. SMP support on NT4/Windows 2k was a real nightmare with drivers, but it was solid *once* you had the right combo of drivers on your machine. Nothing was funnier than bringing in some dual overclocked Celeron's to a LAN party and firing up Quake3 with a TNT2 Ultra!
If you're wearing size 14 shoes, you're generally SOL at most big box stores! I'm a 12 and it's pretty rare that I'm either not ordering online or am at a specialty store where they definitely have my size.
Hybrid drives simply aren't going to cut it with a manual gear shifter. If a driver really want to row their own gears, it's about time to get into the used market and find something you'll be pampering for a long time.
Unfortunately (for the few, including myself), I probably didn't even encounter Quake3's SMP issues as my sound card, Nvidia GPU, and whatever chipset my motherboard was using -- all were some form of culprit for crashing on very unstable NT4/Windows 2000 machines.
SMP support was built into NT4, but it wasn't something very common on x86 systems. NT was always build around "new technologies" and NT4 ran on several systems (MIPS, RISC) that were later sunsetted in Windows 2000. Given MIPS/RISC systems were shipped heavily with multiple processors and x86 was incredibly small with SMP, I'm not surprised I had a significant amount of instability with drivers on an overclocked dual Celeron system (440BX FTW). When I had the right "stable" combination of drivers between chipset, Windows patches, Nvidia drivers and SBLive drivers -- I pretty much almost refused to update a damn thing.
Is shaving bad for cats? Consider a warmer climate, indoor kitty and a little longer than usual fur ... is it bad to get them shaved? Kitty never goes outside (I refuse to declaw) and didn't want to her.
Love Crossfield's attitude.
Wish me luck, I'm going in!
What annoys me on PC is that I cannot readily and easily send a message post game. 99% of the time, I'll message a 'gg' to my opponent and there isn't a simple mechanism to do that with Steam.
If Klay doesn't thank that toaster during the presser after they sweep the Cavs, I say we riot!
GOP rhetoric is all about "choice", etc. There are enough GOP members that know their asses will be on the line when enough education cuts come their district and there won't be any choices for their kids for *any* education.
If chewing someone out for breaking shit they don't own makes you an old man, I've been a grumpy old man since 8.
Thank you for that breakdown for the differences. If Capcom could *ever* port the 99.9% arcade gameplay versions to Steam of the various versions of SF2/SFA/SF3, I would certainly put cash money down on it. Emulators are *nice* to play with, but I'd love a fully "supported" one from Capcom.
So worth going in, I'll be back!
Cavs fans are upset that there is a legit challenger to their dominance in the NBA. They are even more upset because an All-Star (and likely HOFer) went to an existing All-Star heavy team. They are FUMING because Kevin Durant went to the team he LOST TO! KD leaving was the best possible thing for the NBA and fans: PLAYERS are in control of a teams' destiny, not GMs.
Going to retire at 40 to FL and just enter any and all local golfing contests possible. I'm sure to ruffle a few feathers walking in with only a few white hairs and a very full head of hair.
Cobra Amp Cell Pro with 60G Kuro Kage silver shaft. When fitted in 2013, I was able to produce a 14.9 degree launch angle with a 4 degree AoA and 2400RPM of spin. Typical carry: 240-250 with enough roll to get me into 260-270. I've carried further and gotten to ~300 a few times, but it's not common. I know a newer fitting would yield better results (hit random M1s and they are always longer), so I'll probably get it done this year.
Make sure you hit the 2017 M1 with the 440 head before buying the Callaway Epic Sub Zero. The 440 head is better than the 2016 430 head and you'll probably get better performance out of it than the stock 460 M1 head.
You and me, we go out for drinks. We're CLEARLY old enough. To OP: imagine being about 5-6 years young and seeing this on the big screen where your only other Jim Henson experience was the Muppets and Fraggle Rock. This film gave me some nightmares.
Testify under oath? Sounds promising. With or without his lawyer next to him? Pleading the fifth doesn't make for an interesting testimony.
Alex
Little peachy.
Personal Jesus will never be considered underrated. What isn't heard enough of (imho) is the acoustic version -- which is my all time favorite track from DM, ever. Going down the rabbit hole of tracks that are lesser known: Clean, Ice Machine, Sweetest Perfection, Death's Door, and Cover Me. Over time, Cover Me won't be consider underrated.
If they can't chroot their own distro, they don't deserve to be sysadmins.
Adams 4H at 22 degree. Super solid club, always reliable to carry about 215.
[Project in question](https://la.curbed.com/2017/6/7/15758036/playa-del-rey-safe-streets-bonin-vista-del-mar-traffic) Between commuters through this area and a few resident friends, there isn't anyone happy about this. Playa turned from a nice to visit area into a complete avoid.
This is akin to sexual harassment victims being shamed by their accusers.
Two medals certainly not enough.
[Another one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xdh0TeGNsTw)
Winning a Superbowl? Yeah, Lebron can definitely do that. ON THE BROWNS? Seriously, we'd need to have some new type of HOF for that type of accomplishment.
Exposing 22 to the internet directly is going to get you a lot of unwarranted attention. Moving ssh to something other than 22 will slow attempts down, but it won't stop them. If you *really* want to keep ssh open to the world (NOT recommended), make sure to disable all password authentication and only accept key based logins. Next steps to helping secure things down is VPN: let only that be exposed to the net. Once VPN is setup, you'll still get attempts into your machine, but they will be dramatically lower (even lower than ssh exposed on another port).
Peachy!
Immediately better.
Keep the courses around 7K and don't let players bring their equipment. Give every player some basic rental set (that may or may not include 14 clubs) and see how they fare.
The only way to get comfy with constant elevation changes is to play them often. &gt; If I flew it far, left or right, or even short I had to pull out my 60*, which I have a distance issue with. If the lie is good, just bust out that putter -- a far more reliable club than wedges. My buddy plays these shots with every one of his irons, while I'm the guy with the long putter attempt (sometimes 7i, depending on the distance). When I'm dealing with false fronts, the pin is in front *and* there is trouble, I don't mind being short and chipping/putting uphill. If there isn't anything protecting a false front'd flag, I'm going to aim for a distance just short of the flag via carry and hope that spin keeps the ball up on the green. If the ball rolls back down, I'm ok with an uphill putt/chip. The last thing I want with false front greens+pin locations is to hit to the middle and chance a long putt from rolling way off the green.
What *could* Dems do to help bring/keep more people into the party? We know that *generally* numbers are on Dems' side, but that doesn't win the Electoral college. What hot button issue could the Dems surrender to that would bring a *few* more people into the mix? If I were guess: gun rights. Dems changing stance on that one issue could be enough to change enough voters in typically red states.
Buying something "cheap" and holding onto it longer than you should.
Need to know the name of this gym, stat!
If Jerry West is now on the Clippers and there is a chance to put Lebron, CP3, DeJordan *and* Griffin on the court at the same time ... don't you pretty much go for it? Ownership has ALL the money to spend for a chance at a ring and that's a lineup that has serious championship contention. Imagine Lebron winning a ring for a third team. There aren't a lot of NBA players (shout outs to Big Shot Rob Horry) that have won a ring for more than one franchise.
Once Trump looks like he's going down, he's taking *everyone* with him. The Dems will have a quiet meeting with the POTUS and inform him that he can either step down to retire "for health reasons" or they'll drag his name through the mud with the impeachment papers. His lawyers will likely tell him to retire to a private life of golfing vs. harming his name even further.
There is a pretty stark difference between his lawyer fighting financial obligations/contracts and staying POTUS: the lack of appeals for an impeachment proceeding pretty much means he has no legal recourse. Impeachment is one and done. No appeals, no higher court, no different court to take the case to.
Give us pay per minute. Give us *all* the programming and charge us for how much we're *actually* watching. Every box knows what channel we're actually watching, what programming is actually being shown, etc.
Go wild, braid it!
The type of lounging we can all get behind.
30g? If I looked at the keys a little angrily, they would activate!
Downward facing yeeees!
Is that you Mike? Marco? Great channel, lots of fun stuff there. Love watching amateur's play and talk, as it gives *me* better insight into what others are doing (or trying) and why.
Truthfully, it's a lot easier to play those same courses during the weekday (as they are). They did a live Q&amp;A on YT and basically describe that their schedules have them packed during the weekend, so it opens them up for weekday golf.
Bought this from Callaway pre-owned and it hooked (am righty) all day long. I'm thinking their non-pro models are draw biased, so I had to return it. Hope it works well for you, it was simply a hook machine for me.
Perfect for summer. Very streamlined.
Erin Hills received a lot of very recent rain, making the greens more receptive than what the USGA probably wanted. Additionally, the wind hasn't been a heavy factor.
Any day that ends in the letter Y.
Hogs and Miners looking more viable at TH10! LaLoon is great, but I'm loving a bit more variety in taking down war bases.
Premier FAs waiting until the very last minute to declare their intentions is the worst thing they can do for their teams. I'd hope that PG at least had his conversation in person with the FO, both as to give thanks for what they have done for him and to directly state his intentions.
Hogs and miner buffs are going to force bases to cover for those attacks, as well as air. Much of the meta (currently) is built around anti-loon and that isn't going to work when that type of base is easier to exploit with ground. Watching the PB video, the TH11 hog buff was pretty strong -- hoping that amount of HP buff will make hogs viable against TH10.
How many rings does he have? If you aren't chasing more rings, I blame no player no FA on GSW on looking around for bigger checks.
Accidentally Leak? More like "Sold to the highest bidder".
Spizer will soon resort to sign language to give briefings.
Lakers should start offering up for Butler -- minus their draft pick. Steal Butler away from Celtics and Cavs and watch PG join.
Lebron is such a meaningful name as-is, what does he have to gain by actually living in LA? Does he need *more* access to *more* publicity? Nope. Can't see Lebron in purple and gold, ever.
If caps were removed completely, then big market teams (LA, NY) will absolutely crush small market teams in raw ability to spend. The whole reason why there is a cap in the first place is because big market teams would easily outspend small market teams. While these same big market teams can make bad contracts, they still had the ability to outspend virtually everyone else. As much as I love the Lakers, removing the cap could easily turn LA into a European FC. Small market teams have the *least* to gain by removing the cap. A better play would be to remove the max contract of 30%. If a superstar wants to be surrounded by bunch of seat fillers, let them eat up more than 30% of the cap -- the GM has to live with that terrible decision. Even if max contracts aren't removed (I'm not convinced it will change things), it still will do nothing for players that have FA ability and want to leave. KD makes more money off endorsements than playing ball, so he could take a vet's minimum and just live off everything else. *Players* now control the teams' destinies, NOT the GMs.
Is there a TH10 version of this base?
Bones' needs dem checks and Michelson isn't playing with the same schedule he once had. At some point Tigers' daddy was making more money than a lot of guys on the tour.
Lots of players mention opting for a combo set. If I were to go with a combo set, I'd probably go 4-6 with z765s and 7-PW with z965s.
Alex. Never played 3S (played every SF2, SFA, Vs., KoFs) and liked what I saw in 3S combo videos of him. SFVs Alex reminds me of SF4s Makoto: big explosive damage, difficult to get things started.
Better angle for sure! Work on that lighting!
Someone will over trade for LMA, make no mistake. Get the Knicks on the horn.
When Vanilla dropped, I definitely thought Viper was really strong. The earliest Vipers were damn annoying to play against and I liked her overall design. Over time, the nerfs hit her too hard and she wasn't nearly as threatening. Interesting character design that I'd like to see again, not necessarily in SFV.
ACA failed people in states that explicitly didn't implement what ACA offered to each state. Instead of setting up exchanges, they languished and let *that* market die. Mostly red states failed to implement what ACA had to offer and their populace has suffered because of it. Instead of local representatives continuing to keep the high risk pool funded, they slashed it to 13% of what it was -- causing a lot of insurers to pull out. ACA is a "failure" because the GOP let it pass in a manner that it could be crippled at every level -- federally with budget components and locally by not implementing key components. There are more examples where ACA is working than there are failures, but the GOP aren't keen on showing those examples.
Flexible or not, the setup and take away are what mortals should emulate from Adam Scott Brooks Koepka also has a solid setup and swing.
No straws? How dare you bring all of that and not share.
This one bends my mind like no other loop has: 1. It's indoors, so the lighting isn't easily obstructed. 2. Nothing else is happening, there are no other distractions. Most of the other perfect loops have some combo of 1-2 that break the immersion, this one simply doesn't.
As a child, I had a Uncle that loved me to death and didn't have his own kids: he would spoil me and my siblings on our bday, without fail. At some point, this was what I wanted and he didn't even flinch. Times have changed, but my memory of Uncle Kevin will not. He is still with all of us and I 100% will *never* forget buying me a gameboy, teaching me how to throw a baseball or how to throw a football. Play that Tetris and start on level 9. Do it for me and do it for my Uncle Kevin.
'These are not cuts to Medicaid' has a *hint* of truth to it: the cuts are coming down the line AFTER the current sets of seats for both houses are safe(r) for re-election. If this bill passes, those GOP running for re-election will run on a campaign to make Medicaid "better". Dems need to run on TrumpCare and run on it HARD. Use the voting records of the GOP and remind them that everyone is losing their benefits and the names+faces of their opponents are the ones that caused it.
If Dems had any balls, they'll all vote Yes for it as soon as it gets put up for vote in the House (GOP Senate doesn't have the vote). Watch how fast McConnell pull the bill from voting!
All of the Lakers are gonna ball out (current and former). That young core has had a leash on them for the last few years and that's gone. Walton is gonna let the kids run and Russell has an all new gig where he's just gonna run his ass off. Hoping Russell turns up to a good leader, that would be really special for the Nets'.
Shaq was a monster! Rules were changed because of him -- not many players get rules/strategies named after them! Lots of people think Shaq wasn't that good because of his sheer size and I disagree: Shaq was good despite his size! Not a lot of big men had the footwork he did, nor the soft touch around the rim. Shaq exploited everything he had and updated his tools during his career, not many centers can say the same. If Shaq was in the NBA today, he could still pull down a dozen boards, a few blocks and several assists.
Harding Park in Los Angeles, CA. +21 on front. Double bogey opener, than hit a 280 drive to have about 56 left to the green -- made a tap in par. After that illustrious hole, I went on a string of triples and doubles until the back. +9 on the back. Driver woke up, irons woke up and had a few bird chances. Three times I chose putter vs. wedge for chipping and each time it burned my ass (the third being the worst).
Doesn't a good chunk of ST characters have ToD combos? Timing is silly tight for them, but most of them are viable after a single jump in.
Cutting taxes at the highest end. Giving states, insurers, and individuals more "choices" vs. all the existing Federally mandated things. Also, a big F U to states with high density (i.e. Dem controlled) as they will receive the biggest cuts to Medicaid.
Sometimes you want SLI. Then there are times you want SLISLISLISLISLISLISLISLISLI.
SCOTUS ultimately has to decide how much leeway the POTUS has with enforcement of the laws written by Congress, right? If the POTUS has complete control over *any* aspect of enforcement (including zero) over existing laws , how far could that be taken? Obama had a lax enforcement associated with MMJ, was he in the wrong? Allowing the POTUS complete ability to pick and choose not only which laws to enforce AND how to enforce them, is significantly more powerful than before. It would certainly be a different situation if Congress wrote laws banning X countries' entry into the US, but that's not what was attempted: the POTUS is making their own interpretation on how to enforce security associated with our borders. IF the SCOTUS rules in the POTUS' favor, the SCOTUS could order armed guards on the Mexican border and allow them to shoot on site.
Either you're driving all the par4s or you *really* like bump and runs.
Think the goal of the update was to work more consistently against HiDPi screens (i.e. phablets wouldn't get more space than others). Not saying I'm happy with that decision, but that's likely the cause of the UI being massive now.
The best way to eliminate tanking is to give an equal chance of ping pong balls to all of the teams that didn't make the playoffs. Instead of increasing your odds of more ping pong balls via more losses, you're given an equal opportunity as the rest of the teams that didn't make the playoffs. This won't 100% eliminate tanking, but it will certain dissuade obvious (see flair, sadly) tanking.
I'm a free agent. I'm good for 10 game minutes, five fouls, potentially an assist and definitely whoopin' those two in CoD.
Too hot for tops! Ice is much needed!
Who remembers being able to multi boot with things like System Commander? Even before that, there were BIOS' that had options allowing you to select which disk, etc. Dual booting DOS and linux was usually fine, but linux and Windows (LONG ago) could definitely be a problem if you didn't know how to fix Windows' MBR when things went wonky. At some point, I saw VMWare Workstation running on an NT and I was completely blown away! No more dual/triple/quad booting!
Keeping a shot low and letting it run out. 'Bump and runs' are probably more common on links' courses (stay out of the wind), not as commonly used in parks' courses, as there is light wind. If you're missing a bunch of clubs in your bag, you're going to have to improvise somehow!
With CP3 out, will Griffin leave?
US winning Metro is about rushing past the meat grinder ASAP. If you're the closest to the to the escalator flag, you run right past it to capture a better position to stop them from coming inside. Once you hold the escalator flag, there are a limited number of ways to recapture that spot -- each can be held down with a few squads of LMG + assault. It *is* possible to win as US, but you have to be aggressive right in the beginning. If you aren't aggressive in the beginning, the RU have the heavy choke point advantage until/unless your team starts going nutty with smoke/flash all at the same time.
Can we get an additional Kobe flair? I want one of him biting on his jersey. There likely aren't many Celtics fans in here, but they should start one for [Paul Pierce](https://i.redd.it/82bvocwh4xuy.jpg)
There are very few things that *I* want from a Tesla (driven a Model S several times). Auto Pilot is a really sweet feature, but it's not something that I truly need. Give me buttons. Give me a few cup holders. Give me knobs to dial. Model S' lack enough of these creature comforts that it bothers me. I *do* love the longer range (leased a Leaf for 3 years and its low range was annoying) of a Model S and all that instant torque, but I yearn for blending just the EV engine (and Tesla range) into an existing car interior and exterior.
Los Verdes' fourth. Toughest hole on the front, very long. You're hitting uphill that slopes right to left. Left is jail (lots of space, VERY low, possible OB) and right is a lot of trees. If you can carry 280-290, you have a chance at being over the hill and having a shot at the green. If you land the fairway (and it sticks), the ball is well above your feet and it's a blind approach shot (460 par4) to a heavily sloped green.
