Or "clean that spoon and give it back, so i can throw it on the floor again!"
Hey now, I saw Naked Gun in there the other day. They're not all bad.
Are... are you my parts guy? It's like pulling freaking teeth to get little stuff like that.
The reason he doesn't like car debt is because the value is going down, while you're paying interest on tope of the depreciating value.
That's hilarious, it's almost like they're running to get back on the wheel. "wheee! that was so fun! Let's go again!"
Use your laptop to rip the cd to an .iso file, it makes a copy of the cd. Then transfer it to your pc. What version of windows? Windows 8 can natively mount that iso, so it will look like another drive, like an inserted cd perhaps. You'll probably have to reinstall fallout, but it will work magnificently. You could also look for a no cd crack on torrent sites, or just pirate it, because, really, who cares since you've actually purchased it.
Don't forget all of your friends needing head gaskets.
Pcs+ r9 290, I think the highest core temp I've seen is about 70 degrees.
Well that's more or less what the 10 he didn't drop said.
"What are you giggling about over there" "Take a guess" "...Tiny arm Ned?"
The signs in Colorado call them runaway truck ramps.
Volvo pls dont
They're in Vegas, that word means nothing to them.
Well its not supposed to happen
Hah, fucking horizontal and vertical are the opposite of what I think they're going to be!
It may be faster, but they're going to have like 5 minutes of play time. A 7200mah 3 cell (more powerful than the battery he used) in my Traxxas slash (like the rc truck he used, but 4wd) lasts about 20 minutes if I'm easy on the throttle. And it doesn't have all that weight to push around.
Finally, I *am* the 1%!
From working hard and not being a drain on society? Go to a tech school, get into a trade. It's pretty easy for a couple of slightly trained people to combine for 60-70k, roughly $15 an hour, especially after a couple of years of experience. 2 years out of tech school, I was an auto tech making $14 an hour. By the 3rd year, I was a few over that. My wife works in banking, without a degree, and makes well over that $15 threshold. Combine this with actually knowing how to handle your money, and it ain't hard. 100k in 10 years is about 850/month. Anyone with kids knows that's about the same as daycare for one child. So wait until you're 30 to have children. Wait until you're 25 to have a children, invest 850/month from 20-25, and still have over 2 million. At 600/month from 20-25 it's worth 1.6 million at 65. Only invest that 850/month from 25-30, when your careers are a little more established, and have nearly 1.5 million at 65. Invest $600/month in that time and you'll still have just over a million at 65. All of this is assuming 10%, which can never be assumed, and I didn't even include interest compounding while you're doing the saving. It also doesn't include matching 401k, it doesn't even have to add anything after the initial 5 or 10 year deposits.
Wat? Mine says 1 hour til the show starts
Is it just me, or does that look like the tiniest stage ever?
I think it was coolant for liquid cooling.
Say opportunity one more time motherfucker.
No, it will be an upgrade, but it sounds like you can do a clean install if you want.
GoW on PC? I've heard great things, so that's exciting!
hah, I'm totally gonna get that for my father in law, he can't drive a truck anymore because of health issues!
I thought it was pronounced "days" with a bit harder S, so it sounds like a buzz.
HOW DOES IT RUN VR DEMOS WITHOUT WIRES, LADY?
Throw some D's on that bitch
Sign said no parking!
Remember hl1? It had a low violence mode where there was no blood.
I bought a big ass projection tv on CL. Picked it up in 03 nissan altima. I asked him for the measurements. I went out to the car, and measured all the dimensions. It should fit perfect, with about an inch on either side! So I get there, and we carry it out. Shit, it's too tall, the top of the doorway is low. Okay, i pulled the bottom of the back seat out, and it slides right through the door. Yes! No. It's a little longer than I thought, it seems. I have to scoot the passenger seat up all the way to kinda put it at an angle. Yes! Get it all situated and go to close the doors. Shit. The top of the doors taper in and they won't close. I had to roll down the windows, and it barely fit.
I replaced the mount with a delco mount without replacing the bracket, and the old bracket is a different part number. I can only figure it's a redesign for structural integrity or something.
Oh-ah thank you mistah monkey-san
Jesus, that guy is awful at making sharp stones. I can make them in about 1 second.
Well shit, now I want to move to Germany. Are all of these laws federal, or can individual states make their own rules? Are the licenses a federal license, or issued by the state? I wish we could do that here, I'd love to get my Corolla to 90 mph!^^^justonce-driving ^^^fast ^^^uses ^^^too ^^^much ^^^gas Picture 22 could have been taken here. There's always someone in an Audi thinking he's on the autobahn riding your ass. 10 over just ain't enough when he has an Audi!
I wish, I always wanted Krang, but never got him. I do have this freakin' [creep](http://www.tmnttoys.com/90figures/series3/5107.htm).
No way, totally the coolest toys I have!
Someone posted this above: https://youtu.be/I4nmWzt5BsE There's a lot of blood, and I can't tell if it's from homie getting stabbed, or homie getting clawed. edit: I think this is a different incident, the grass is much greener in the other picture.
Well ya see, the euro trash says it's stupid to call American football football, because soccer is the real football. But they apparently forget they used to call European football soccer also. Thusly, American football is football, and euro football is soccer.
I guess our governor is fitting then, eh?
Altitudinous. I'm using that tomorrow. "Dude, you are *way* too altitudinous to be at work right now"
Vw, audi, bmw, mercedes, and ford. I think the thing all of these have in common is the need for some stupid ass special tool to do simple things. First thing that comes to mind is those stupid hub seals on 4wd super duties.
I'm curious what identafix says for a 2007. I've never used identafix.. I looked up an 03, and it's 2.8 on a 2003, 7.8 on a 2007, which is the same vehicle, lol. alldata still says 7.8 on a 2003, but prodemand is 2.8 Just more evidence the people making these things have no idea what they're talking about sometimes!
Whoa, spoiler alert!
OP! That is inappropriate! Next time say "rectum"
All the new ford's are like this. And that stupid chime, boo-duh-doong, boo-duh-doong
Some cars apply the fucking parking brake when you open the door in gear! I want to say Audi q7 does it? I don't remember.
Zombie post, but the highway he was on (I-35) has a concrete barrier in the middle, it's a turnpike that goes from KC, to Topeka, to Wichita, then south toward OKC.
Or a tech pulling the vehicle into a bay to work on it!
What in the sam hill is going on in that sub.
This happened to me once, except instead of a wall, it was an oil tank with 300 gallons of used oil in it. Luckily, we have those center post lifts you can rotate a little bit while it moves up/down, so I raised it a bit, and pushed, and barely had enough room to squeeze it out.
If he was on a crotch rocket, he was probably going 50 over.
Volume is cranked everywhere, in app, on the external speakers. I turned the tv speakers back on, and have to turn it up to 75 just to hear anything.
Hey! This fixed it! Thanks a ton!
Wait, if he's gay, why would he need a dildo? Wouldn't his partner have, like, a *real* penis?
They also say diagnose when they mean guess.
This is a kia sportage, but optima and sonata are the basically the same situation.
Oh hell yeah, i align them every time. This one also had a front lower control arm replacement, so I had an alignment anyway :(
Some cars, like Altimas, have a hole in the tensioner. You turn the tensioner, then you can stick a small screwdriver or Allen wrench through the hole. It holds the tensioner in place, and you can slide the belt off and on without fighting it.
Oh man, there's like 21 bolts on each valve cover, and they still leak like mad.
Most Kia crap is pretty straight forward. 100x better than trying to work on German stuff! At least I didn't need a special tool to do brakes on this \*cough* triple square sockets
Auto tech here. We all buy our own tools. This asshole next to me seems to think what's mine is his also. Last week, I caught him bringing in his little take-home toolbox (for when he has work to do at home). The day before, I had noticed I had an extension missing, and was looking everywhere for it, but couldn't find it. Inside his little toolbox? Yep. My extension, and one of my oil filter sockets. Yesterday, a pair of dikes that had been missing for some time just magically showed up, in my pliers drawer, situated in a way I wouldn't have placed them. And Monday when I got to work, this was the kicker that really flipped my trigger. I get to work, and there's a large tool that sits under my toolbox (an engine support, too long to fit inside). This tool was missing. I'm looking around for it, asking people in our shop if they saw anyone poking around. Nobody knows anything. I walk across to our other dealership, and start asking around, and one of the techs over there has it! Apparently, Mr. What'sYoursIsMine decided to *loan out* my shit. HE LOANED MY TOOLS TO SOMEONE ELSE. He said "I thought it was a shop tool, heuheuheu!" Motherfucker, you know damn well nothing in this area is a shop tool. You were fucking here when I bought the damn thing. Ugh, fuck that fucking guy.
buuuuuull shiiiiiiiiit the same thing happened in the 3rd *with* contact, and no flag on clemson.
Oh come on, that f117a game was the most amazing thing ever. I spent so many hours landing at enemy bases and blowing everything up with the machine gun. I had some badass high scores.
No kidding, I figure KC market would be Denver as #2, and I really have no idea why it would be anything else.
Holy shit I wish this happened at my work. That lousy fuck that flags like 12 hours a week (but is hourly for some reason and doesn't care) and always uses my tools would be outta there.
This tcu backup is making throws and runs that most starting qbs couldn't make. Super impressed.
Yeah, but i mean... Kansans already got that /r/kansas shit locked up. Man, I haven't spelled Kansas out since grade school. It looks weird, like I spelled it wrong, or I'm 10 years old again. And I've lived here for 31 years.
Or do that little prancing thing to pretend to cover it in grass, then trot away with their nose in the air like they did a good deed.
Yeah, the picture makes it look like, um, 3rd or whatever to home or whatever is 400 feet.
You're just upset because you don't have the bbq
Hah, that ended the same way as last week. But I was kinda worried last week.
Maybe, we'll see.
It's just like Wooodson's career!
Gonna get sweet on em. Smoochity smoochy.
When I got the first Witcher game, it was on a real disc, with book and all. For some reason, I had it mailed to my work, and was all giddy about it all day at work!
You know what I really saw there? About 10 passes Bowe would have dropped.
And here's what will be playing at work all week: Alex "[Air Raid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIos0ya-yss)" Smith's theme song.
Lol, GPD of Kansas was $147 billion in 2014. Kansas. You know what we do in Kansas? Play basketball, and farm. And we don't even have a pro basketball team.
B-O-O
That little bitty Scion, the iQ, it's too front heavy. If you don't lift it right to service the vehicle, it can flip over the front when you take the rear wheels off. They call that turtling.
I swear, ESPN just tries as hard as possible to make watchespn pointless. Available to stream on watchespn? Oh, blacked out in NE kansas. Another game is going too long on ESPN? Oh, this game isn't on watchespn.
3llis doing it all!
Funny and all, but I went to my (5 year old) daughter's friend's 5th birthday party. There was a guy there with his granddaughter. This guy went to school with my sister. My sister is 36.
Our 3 best players tonight: Ellis, Selden, and the cover on OU's basket
Nope, down to 26% now.
3 POINTER! PER-RY ELLIS!
FUUUUUUUCK A FUCKING REF -bill self
wtf, unless there was some language we didn't hear, telling a spangler "i'll help my own teammate up" is a T?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXe-zJDZGIE
Oh shit, guys, be quiet when it ends, because y'all like 30 seconds ahead of my stream.
Weak ass fuck fucking foul.
[OVERTIME](https://youtu.be/p-DpGvDGXWA?t=13)
ellis kinda stepped into the defender.
Nah, he's tired and needs to sit for about 38 seconds.
Duder shot one, then it was waived off for some reason, so he thought the second one was going to tie, but it was actually the first shot.
dicky just called mason selden
In the spirit of the game? No. But in the spirit of me getting up for work in 5 hours, yes.
Oh my God, it's not just me? I thought I was taking crazy pills!
I was thinking about using the 2 or 3 way on my slide hammer, with the jaws facing outward, but I was worried about scratching the inside of the bore. Do you know what size blind hole you've used? Most of them in the style of this puller thing are only 1 1/4", and that seems too small.
Holy cow, can you imagine how well rested KU would be going into the tournament if they played in a trash conference like the SEC? Currently, there are 4 teams higher than UK (the highest ranked SEC team) in kenpom.
That is, by far, the loudest youtube video I have ever watched.
Wsu doesn't want to play ku this year, so all their fans can do is bash on the big 12.
Why is there condensation on the inside? And especially enough to block the view? Never have I ever had condensation on the inside of my windshield. K, thanks for downvotes. Moisture doesn't condensate on the inside if your defrost is working properly. Defrost runs the ac, which dries the air. Dry air means no moisture and no condensation. Only way I could figure is snow coming in through the fresh air intake and blowing out defrost, but it's only doing that when it's running, and only after sitting with fluffy snow to filter through the cowl. Not freezing overnight on the inside of the windshield.
If they're talking about -15F, that's really -26c. But that's nowhere near -90c.
That's not a fireworks jacket, that's Blanka!
Ew, I had some moist crayons on my passenger seat one time. I had to take it to a detailer to get them out.
GAME. CHANGER.
You're not really arguing against anything I've said, you're just being a dick. A wrong dick, but a dick. Go take a look at who the top RPI conferences are. Big 12 is frequently top, almost always top 5, and almost always on top of win percentage. SEC is middlling power conference rankings, between 5 and 10. I think one year recently they were 4. You know what the SEC record is vs top 25 this season? A laughable 2-13. A humorous 13.3%. Big 12 is 5-9 (35%), which isn't amazing, but a whole lot better than 13.3%. This season, Big 12 has a losing record against AAC, and a winning record against every other conference, including 5-4 against SEC. SEC has a losing record against ACC, A10, B12, Big east, Big 10 (0-7, lol), Ivy League, Pag 12, and WAC. Tied 1-1 with WCC and Big West. There has to be some reason why Big 12 doesn't win in the tournament, but stomps everyone in regular season. They've got the coaches. They've got the players. Only thing I can figure is that the teams expend more energy than lesser conferences. And speaking of choking, remember last year when people were comparing UK to NBA teams? How'd that turn out in the tournament? They had like a 50% chance to win it all, a clear favorite. The next closest historically was like 17% or something.
Snack drawers gotta be about waist high.
[Wat](http://i.imgur.com/cbdXMCA.gif). Defroster is on the inside to prevent condensation. If there is condensation, it means your defroster isn't working.
And where did that moisture come from? If it's above freezing, defrost will clear the fog from your windows almost within seconds. If it's below freezing, the humidity won't stick to the windows. Only way it could happen is if you parked it humid inside and then it quickly got below freezing. And if it were humid inside when it was parked, defrost was probably on to keep the windows clear.
Hey! That's where that one movie ended! the movie with the guy who could teleport and stuff! I think it had Samuel L. Jackson in it! edit: Jumper! that's what it was!
This is such a kansas post.
Where do you live? Somewhere it never freezes? Because that's not how it works. If anything, there's a fog on the inside, which vanishes within seconds with defrost. If there's still ice, it's on the outside. It's not going to melt on the inside, then condensate on the inside, then freeze again. I deal with this several times every single work day during the winter, with vehicles that sit multiple days in a row. It's always below freezing overnight, and about half of the time above freezing during the day. There is not ice on the inside of a window, nor is there an accumulation of water. Period. When above freezing, it is, at worst, it's like a bathroom mirror after a hot shower. I can clear that just by using the exhaust fan and cracking the door in a couple minutes. Imagine how fast I could clear it if I had dehumidified air blowing directly on the mirror.
&gt; Moisture doesn't condensate on the inside if your defrost is working properly Your defrost is not working properly then, unless your vehicle wasn't optioned with AC from the factory. &gt;[ You DO need the AC system in working order to use the defroster. The compressor and all that jazz is what removes moisture from the air. I can tell you that the heater certainly doesn't function to dry out the air.](https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20130817121222AAR7Tzo) I know, I know, yahoo answers may not be the most credible source, but just google it. The AC compressor runs when defrost runs, and virtually every link you find will be people talking about the AC running when defrost is on. The AC system dehumidifies. Therefore, it will defog and prevent moisture, or whatever, on the inside of your windshield. On my car, I've changed it so it doesn't turn on the AC automatically with defrost. It doesn't work worth a shit 90% of the time, the windshield just continues to fog up.
Virtually everything. Expensive parts, expensive fluids, specialty tools for stupid stuff, and a general pain in the ass to work on. And that doesn't even look at the customers point of view.
I don't have a lot of experience with newer years of those, but historically, the Civic and 3 are much more solid vehicles. Don't get me wrong, feature and nicety wise, the VW vehicles are top notch. But when it comes to cost of ownership, especially over the long run, they're blown away by the vehicles they wish to compete with. As an example, we had a Jetta come in a couple months ago. Super nice Jetta, really well maintained 2006 GLI with barely 100k. It had a huge nav touchscreen, turbo, 6 speed... loaded. Had a check engine light and a misfire at idle. Nobody in our shop wanted to deal with it, so we sublet it to the VW dealership for diag. Few days later, they come back with a $5,000 estimate. I don't remember what it needed, but holy hell, $5k on a maintained 100k mile vehicle? No thanks. I mean, you could replace the engine and trans in a 2006 Civic for that price, but this VW will still have a 100k+ engine. All in all, I just remember that a car will always (unless it's some super rare thing you don't drive) decrease in value. If I'm going to lose 7-10k in value over the next 5 years, why not buy something that will be more reliable and cost less to maintain? Cream of the crop in cost of ownership over the past decade have been the Civic and Corolla.
Regular maintenance isn't covered by any warranty. Either it's for repairs, or they have a service contract, where the maintenance is prepaid or lumped in with their loan.
Hoyer looked like he didn't know what to do on that play.
Next season: shorts 4: the deshortsing
/r/theydidthemath
Can they change who a unsportsmanlike is against? Like, change it to who started it? That would be neat.
Pregame they were like "backup center against watt? Lol goodluck" Now they're like "mmmmm, crow"
Me too.
Crick 93 what a good name
It's fucking official ladies! We did it!
40 minutes left, i'll let you guys know if I go to the hospital! Edit: I'm okay guys, tcu playing Basketball really bringing me back down
I'd seen it earlier, but it's not i the list anymore when sorting by new. Like its been deleted, if you have the link you can see and post. That's what happens when a game thread is deleted anyway.
Oh crocs just wanna have fuun
Classic three pumps, they're gonna call it every time!
Fans reminded me of Toronto fans.......... Shudder
When I was like, 5 years old, maybe slightly older, there was this bottle in the bath tub. We only had one shower/tub in the house at the time. It was probably 1/2 a liter or 20oz bottle or so. I think my sisters used it for rinsing their hair, they would have been 9 and 11 +/- at the time. I always got a kick out of peeing in said bottle and seeing how much I had in me. I'd even hold it for hours before bath time to see how much. I'd usually just go in it, then pour it in the toilet, and call it good. Be fascinated with my own ability to store so much liquid. Well, one time I forgot to pour it out. Oh man, I thought my sisters were going to kill me dead. They were mortified that they'd been pouring water on their heads out of this pee bottle for who knows how long! I still think back on it now, 25 years later, and get a good chuckle out of it. I wonder if they remember it....
I'm so nervoussited!
We called it a Mexican Shower at camp, too
I'm picturing this hobo looking dude with a super gross scraggly beard, getting all grumbly and frustrated.
Had a Sonata the other day that showed a recall. We use safecar.gov to check recalls for cars for our lot. Turned out that recall only applied to certain build dates, and our car didn't fit it.
When my wife bought an Accent in 2007, it could be optioned like that. No head unit, but all the speakers were there I think.
It looks like he's saying "it's her!" every time
Looper is what you might be thinking of.
They were probably on the rocks already, and he was about to move out. She was saying something about his stupid Spitfire, and he's like "OH YEAH! WATCH THIS!"
Blizzard n shit
Wtf is a 2 pointer?
Sounds like we're getting the short end, you'll have to throw in an and 1 package too.
Lol, Paige has shot more free throws than our whole team. Against the foulingest team in the country.
Holy shit, @ 3 second call? Nevermind trying to bowl him away with his shoulder.
Lol, did Ellis throw that at 41s head? Hah
Selden should have pushed off to draw the foul Edit, snap, then he did!
Brats, on potato buns!
Very well. I have no idea who Tata is, but i like he name. If I had two in my garage, I could say I love Tatas.
Then make the hiring period after the super bowl? It's not like the NFL controls every other aspect of the sport...
[MRW](http://i.imgur.com/i9Z4egW.gif?noredirect) when clicking on that
It's a Grand Cherokee. Durango is the same way.
Well, it's a side post... and there's no metal anywhere near the battery on the [bottom](http://i.imgur.com/NM3NrLQ.jpg) of the seat.
Whoa, you realize what you're saying? Something on a German car that makes sense?
...and that there are no check engine lights.
They're a coil on spring strut, and the spring breaks near the lower perch, then works it's way down, spinning around the perch, and eventually that broken end will contact the tire. I have no idea what the guy's intentions were, he might have fixed it himself at home. But we also live in a state with hillbillies and no mandated safety inspections, so there's that.
It's [nice](http://tedgo.deviantart.com/art/DarkOne-v4-360862076), and very full featured. Like you can have 1, 2, or 3 panel interfaces and all the different plugins to switch between with the press of a button. But it's all blue, and I hate the coloring of it. And I'm not nearly good enough with these wsh panels or whatever to be able to change any of that.
My niece has ailurophobia. The irrational fear... of cats. House cats, specifically. She's fine at the zoo with lions and stuff, but maybe that's because of the cage. Last time she stayed at our house, she slept on the couch. Her crying woke us up, she was freaking out because the cat was sleeping on the rocking chair. It's so freaking weird and cracks me up!
WE GON' GET SOME COLD CUTS TODAY BABY!
https://youtu.be/EgXq0uvsIx8
I've removed a lot of axle nuts, and s snapped a couple breaker bars, but I'm not really sure how the two could possibly overlap.
No shit. I hate seeing these people go exploring with, like, a freaking penlight. Maybe it just doesn't translate well to the camera, but I'd be packing some of those rechargeable work lights (like a Dewalt or Milwaukee with the removable batteries) and a boatload of backup batteries.
It's freaking quiet in that place. Early in a playoff game, and in the red zone, and you could hear a pin drop between plays.
Jah is a family name. Brothers.
But batman doesn't kill anyone, and won't use guns. He can't be that bad. I don't remember how the dark knight ended, did he drop Joker? Also note, going by movies, don't read comics.
Kick that douche out!
Amendola needs booted! Fuck that shit, he had no business making that fucking hit.
Smith took a worse hit that wasn't flagged, lol.
Depends, what are they wearing?
Gotta get in the dang ol endzone here man, shoot
It's what I'm gonna say from now on.
Caught smoking synthetic mj at half time, had to go to the police station.
Thanks!
He was falling on his own accord though, which is what made him throw short. And throwing with his left hand. None of which was because of the defender physically altering the pass. Not that it matters, pats punted a few plays later anyway.
Now they're online, but they're not free. alldata and mitchell ondemand are the two most popular around here, and they're well over $100 a month. Alldata is $169 a month for one login and $25 each for the additional logins. If you have a big shop (our shop has 13 techs + lube techs, plus the other dealerships in our group), it really adds up, or they're kicking each other off all the time. Dealerships have their own books for their own cars that are more complete, but alldata and mitchell get their times from the manufacturers.
We're billing a labor fee, we're not billing for time worked. The labor time, what we use to calculate that labor fee, is provided by the people who made the vehicle. If it takes an HVAC company 10 hours or 20 hours to install an AC unit on my house, it's not changing my bill. By your logic, the customer is stealing from the tech when the job takes longer than the book time.
Hi there! Formerly worked at a Goodyear corporate store. They have 3 levels of techs. General Service Tech is a lube tech, General Maintenance Tech is a glorified lube tech, and then Technicians. GST does tires and oil changes and the like. GMT does tires, oil changes, flushes and etc; mostly "maintenance" things, and overflow when Techs are busy. Technicians do everything else, and some GMT work when they're slow. GST and GMT are paid hourly (as in, clocked time, not flat rate), and Techs are paid flat rate. Flat rate is based on the amount the customer pays, and most service contract accounts pay a lower rate. They do this so GY can get the contracts and make money from these big accounts. As a result, doing a 3 hour job on your company truck wouldn't pay the same as a 3 hour job on your personal vehicle. You can imagine, the techs don't really like working on these big accounts, and usually shove them off on the GMT when they have something else to do. Can confirm: was GMT and Technician. Techs also have a guarantee of 75% of their clocked in time. Meaning, if they're at work for 40 hours in a week, they're guaranteed to be paid 30 hours. If they get 25 hours, they get paid 30. If they get 35 hours, they get paid 35 hours. No strings attached. So, you can rest assured, it didn't kill that guys paycheck at a Goodyear store. At least, that is my experience from about 6 years ago, and I think all corporate GY stores pay the same way.
LA spans multiple states?
Actually, they said top 5 *quality*, not ranked. Wvu just beat #1 and lost by a couple at #2.
Some people like dealerships and some don't. I really like working at a dealership because: Special tools are provided, saves a ton of money. Manufacturer training is provided, so we get a better background on stupid ways Chrysler has designed something We get access to more vehicle information. I can find any diagram and in higher quality than prodemand or alldata. If you screw something up, it's a larger company, and they can absorb that easier. Both if something takes you too long (because there are more techs to pick up the slack) and if you misdiag or something, they can afford the correct fix out of pocket. Buuuuuut, there are downsides. Lots of drama. Dealerships are full of drama queens, most of the time. I just stay out of it and try to be friendly to (almost) everyone.
My dad always said my fingers were cold because there was no blood flowing through them because all I did was play on the computer. Well, after 10 years of working with my hands in heat and cold, my hands are still cold when it's cold out.
Shit, I knew I was missing something! It's really those damn nitrile gloves, they make the cold feel colder!
I thought the blonde in the left picture was that kid from Home Improvement.
Oh for God's sake, that was awful. He had position? It was a long rebound.
Nope, that's a paddlin'
Everything I see involving this guy, he's fighting someone in public. Makes me want to punt him.
And what do we do with a witch?
I was with my wife and kiddo one night, not too late, around 7 pm. It was dark already. I'm coming up to a [big intersection](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.0442376,-95.6822447,156m/data=!3m1!1e3), westbound on 12th. It's hard to see northbound traffic, because it's so far away. It's also hard to tell if they're stopping because of the distance, and my vision sucks at night. Light is green for a long time as I'm approaching, and stays green. People in this city have no freaking idea how to drive, so I always look to make sure dumbasses aren't running red lights. I'm coming up to my green light, and I can already see this minivan balling through the intersection at like 45 mph. So I stop, and I lay on the horn as the pass by. I watch them blow by, and see a police officer stopped in a southbound lane. Flips on his lights, and away he goes. Glad that officer was there, but shit, we all could have died at that intersection if I weren't paying attention. Timing would have been pretty close to T-boning driver side of the car.
I got a letter and got it replaced a week or so later. 05 corolla. I'm a little sketchy though, it didn't reset my clock or radio, and still has the same cover on it... Edit, Nvm on the cover, poster below says it's only on pass airbag.
God that was a stupid call on Selden. "Don't go for the ball on a rebound, or it's a foul"
/r/h-o-m-e-r
I always figured it was because of high school. Nfl and college almost never play football on Friday either.
Invalid product code, but that was a good idea!
I installed the virtualhere client on my desktop, and enabled USB sharing on my Steam Link. It finds the controller and the mouse attached to my Link (as well as a "steam controller", which I don't have). I enable it or whatever, and all it does is flashes the whole logo on the controller (instead of the upper left corner for player 1), and the controller doesn't work at all (not even desktop mode)
I participate in one of these "programs." It's never anything stellar that they send, it never goes above and beyond, but the products (thus far) have done a great job for their listed amazon price. They've been something I'd purchase for the price listed, if it were presented for that price while I was shopping for that item.
So who thinks von miller won't get a fine for the crotch grab earlier?
There's a mod for ME2 that does a really nice controller conversion, except no aim assist, and I was hoping to be able to use that with it. I'll have to try administrator mode tomorrow, hopefully it can do something! Any launch options you had to set? I have to launch ME2 in windowed borderless mode.
Oh geez, then she hangs my nice shirts, but she buttons the second button down, instead of the top button, so then the necks are all out of sorts!
Greene came to play tonight, that's good to see.
Shit, you mean they've been picketing because of a *typo*?!
Graham that was a nice drive to the basket.
Nice shuffle D there, selden.
"battle for the rebound" as they're all standing and looking at their feet
Was the call on the defensive position, or on the arm hacking?
Oh, AND FUCKIN' ONE
Pellis is just takin' over tonight.
But mods make it work great with a controller, I think the problems are mostly because of it being a non steam game, and/or running in windowed mode.
idk, it wouldn't launch right in fullscreen, it was just an all black, or sometimes all white, screen. I'll try this out when I get home though, thanks!
Non steam, it's from Origin
I think I've more or less worked the bugs out. I have to set it to close Origin when I exit. When I launch, it launches Origin, which pops up, then the game comes up on top of it. Thanks again! So happy to get this working!
My friend bought this super shitty old bus, it was like a 82 international. It was an automatic.
&gt; No, it's more like ice cream parlors complaining that Walmart shouldn't be allowed to sell ice cream too. That would be bars complaining, but they're not. I'm racking my brain to find an example that would be fitting, but yours is not. I can't walk into a grocery store and have them scoop me out some super premium ice cream, mash it up, and mix a Heath bar and some chocolate sprinkles in, just like I can't walk into a liquor store and order a... I don't know, I don't drink... Some mixed drink. Doesn't part of that law also prevent them from carrying mixers and such in the liquor store?
But how much of your income is taxed? According to [this](http://www.oecd.org/ctp/tax-policy/taxing-wages-20725124.htm), a German couple with 2 children lose nearly 40% of their income to taxes, while an American couple with 2 children only loses 25%. So if a couple makes $100k a year in America, taxes cost them $25k, then $7k when the have a child (or less, because that's a pretty shitty insurance plan). Let's be real too, insurance premiums cost maybe $5k a year for a healthy family. Let's say it costs them $37k *in a year when they have a child*. But when they have that child in Germany, it costs them $40k if they have a child. It costs them $40k if they *don't* have a child. So in Germany, it really costs you $10k to not have a child, and $3k to have a child. And that's assuming your insurance is shit. In 2010, it cost us less than $1500 to have a child.
I work for a pretty big dealership group. We have 15 licensed dealerships, and the one closest to my building sold over 100 cars in December. I work in the department that gets used cars ready for the lot. A few years back, we purchased a newer Altima (a 2012 I think, so the previous generation now, but current then) from an auction somewhere, apparently with stipulations. When the car was delivered to our shop, a highway patrol officer showed up. He told us this was a known drug transport vehicle. He told us to see if we could find the compartment. Another tech and I looked for a while for anything out of the ordinary, but couldn't find anything at all, car looked 100% stock. He finally shows me where it is. If you take off the exhaust, then the heat shield above it, there was a shallow compartment fixed to the bottom of the exhaust tunnel. The access hole was from the top, when you take out the console, then the shifter assembly, there's a square hole in the top of the tunnel. Hole was about 3"x8", and the compartment was about 3-4 feet long. The officer took the car to a highway patrol shop, and a couple days later, the other tech and I had to go down there. They made us cut it out (since it was our vehicle), and weld in a panel to cover it. Definitely a unique experience in my years as a tech.
Op said they heard it open a while back, but didn't know what it was until more recently when taking the panel off.
As someone who spent up to 8 hours tracking down a broken wire, can confirm.
I figure they left that part out of the movie because it was dark and whoever adapted the book to a screenplay didn't have any creativity. While reading Death Cure, I was all excited, thinking about how the city and the Palace would look in the movie. Then I remember it wouldn't be anything like the book, and stopped caring. I'll still watch the movie though. I enjoyed the first two, I just don't think of them as adaptations of the books, kind of like World War Z.
Yeah, that's how good it was! If you didn't see it the first time, you don't get to see it.
Our freshman came to play tonight! This is good to see!
All of those had pretty limited playing time as freshman except wiggins and embiid
It was more of an indication of emphasis, like "ha-HA!"
So um, is this what wvu fans feel like?
Biws!
Let's be real, that dunk woulda been awesome had he made it
WAYNES WORLD PARTY TIME!
Gah, what a proposition, I don't know if I could handle that!
Haha, that's why I can't wait for our game at ou
Tyco? Like the old RC cars? Lipo? Like the batteries for new RC cars?
But what about a Toyota? Only Toyota drains out like this, and every Toyota. It's not the angle or size of the drain plug, because others have drain plugs at the same angles and sizes.
So what happened in the 20 seconds or so? The van was passing the whole time.
gotta speed it up a bit too when yakety saxxin'
I'm building this damn shelf in my garage last weekend. I cut the boards for one wall. Perfect. Nailed it together. I cut the boards for the other wall... It doesn't line up? I'm freaking flipping out, I know I cut that board the right length, did I measure wrong? No... What the hell? apparently the back wall of my garage isn't square to the side wall of the garage. Oh well.
If I remember correctly, the 2 semicircle stripes mean it's an ncaa sized ball.
Just gonna call me out like that huh? How am I supposed to flip cars if I have to spend another $150 on a timing belt kit?! /s before I get lynched, lol
Because [people](http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Weekend/parents-sue-wal-mart-children-bath-time-photos/story?id=8622696) are fucking idiots.
Sometimes that shit will just not come out of the hub! I had one from a Buick lesabre or something, couldn't get it out for anything. Air hammer, real hammer, 3 jaw puller, even put it in our 20 ton shop press and pumped it up over 15 tons, and the damn thing wouldn't budge. We ended up ordering a knee assembly (knuckle, hub, strut) from LKQ.
I like to think I'm a nice blend of both. Frugal with items that generally cost a lot of money (like a car or toolbox at work), but cheap with more disposable things (like some tools or entertainment
All those old Hondas have the engine in backward, engine on the left and trans on the right. But cyl 1 is still the front of the engine
How did that even happen? His spoiler was up and everything!
How is Audi 5th most expensive, but VW is waaaay down at 22? They're more or less the same cars for a large portion of their sales (like a4 and jetta are mostly the same, a6 and passat are mostly the same) I will confirm that Toyota is least expensive. As an auto tech, when we see a Yoda come in, you're not going to upset anything. Not because the owners are always cheap, but because it won't need anything. Also, I drive a Corolla, so I might be biased. 90k miles of ownership and the only non maintenance thing I've done is a starter. It has 205k now. I'd put Honda as my next cheapest. They need repairs more often than Toyotas, but much less often than most makes, but parts are so cheap it's ridiculous.
I work at a car dealership and can attest that people beat the shit out of their car, regardless if it's new or old. To an extent, anyway. Trim level and model is much more of a factor than age.
&gt; Replacement part shouldn't be very expensive Lol, this is a government job. Of course it will be.
That was pretty fucking impressive.
Fucking dying right after a glory kill. Goddamn that's annoying. Even when I have the plasma rifle and I'm spamming the heat blast as I glory kill, I still die sometimes. And sometimes you get boned out of ammo. I was almost empty on all but the rocket launcher (and in some tight corridor areas), but I found an argent thing! Yay! So I upgraded ammo capacity to fill everything. Then I was killed by one of those dumas flying skull things. When I respawned, it saved that I had picked up the argent thing, but not the ammo it gave me. And no quicksave sucks. I hate having to go around and collect all that ammo and armor before a fight several times.
Yeah I mean, if you only need an 18" deep box, sure.
Why do they? It sounds ridiculous.
Yup. Such shit. It's now 91 with 68% humidity, 107 degree heat index. When they built our shop, the built it with the doors all on the west side. No airflow at all, even when there is a breeze, it's just a stagnant sauna of sweat and dirt and oil.
I thought it was a frog costume and a wheelchair for a unicycle
Yep. Couple years ago, a coworker stepped out of a truck and sprained his ankle as he slipped off the running board. Manager saw it and saw him limping and said he needs to go to the doc for workman's comp. Drug tested him while there, came back positive. Got the axe.
Someone on /r/tools took an adjustable wrench and welded some shit on it to make a flat anvil, so he could use it as a wrench or a hammer!
Matchbox were a little wider also, so they didn't fit on my hot wheels tracks. But now they're both owned by mattel. Can't comment on quality of matchbox though.
Nitemurr
It's not only german cars, though they are all expensive. I can't count the number of times I've seen a Bravada with a trashed transfer case because of this.
Yeah, don't really get any breeze when some assholes built our shop with the doors on the west and north! Fans only work if we stand in front of them (but can't get paid if I stand still and don't work!)
I think the Shrike has to be able to travel in time. Near the end of Hyperion, Kassad sees thousands of Shrikes if I remember correctly. But I'm pretty sure there's only one Shrike, implying there are Shrikes from different times or timelines at that battle. But that is obviously at the time tombs, so it might all be due to those. We do know it can slow time away from the tombs from later books (and Kassad seemed to be able to control the flow of time when in the Shrike skin suit), so maybe its abilities are independent of the tombs. But I might be a little off on the details, and that could change a lot!
Not only am I okay, but I'm loaded up with groceries!
In about 2003 I went to an ICP concert, and Tech N9ne opened. I think that's really around the time juggalos started following Tech also. Absolute Power came out just before, too, and they went absolute ape shit over Imma Tell. Had a fucking blast though. I'm glad it was in summer, I'd have froze coming out of that place. We brought plastic bags and a change of clothes and changed in the parking lot afterward.
What the ever loving shit did you just send me into?!
Part 3: I'm a tech at a large dealership. I work in recon, we have detailers, body, paint, and techs. We are paid on flat rate, meaning if we aren't working, we aren't making money. We have no hourly rate. If a car is brought back, it takes time from us making money to check out this (usually minor) thing. If there's something to fix, okay, we make a ticket, and we get paid. If it's some bs and there's nothing to fix, we've just wasted our time. Also, if there is something wrong, get it taken care of before the purchase. Don't wait to fix it under warranty, certain things end up coming out of the salesman's pocket (like extra keys).
Bought a big fan yesterday, me and my coworker, both males. When we were checking out, the cashier asked us if we needed help. What a shitlord. I asked her if she wanted to compare biceps.
like, right? Why would they put a tire-puncturing object right where every single customers car is going to be driven?
2014 Ford Fusion with 2.5L, for those wondering what they should avoid.
They're usually pretty well stuck. The rubber o ring grips pretty good.
Everywhere else is smart enough to use the screw type hose clamps, so yeah, automotive only
Yeah, it was kinda stupid. It was sandwiched between the bellhousing and the timing cover, so putting it on without splitting the two would have resulted in the timing cover scraping the sealant off of the end of the oil pan (where it seals against the timing cover). It really wasn't so bad, take out the airbox and most of the upper bolts are easy to get to. I ended up using a ratcheting wrench for all but the top center bolt. It paid 3.5 hours, so it wasn't too bad.
like, he had to lengthen that pant leg to compensate for it.
Press F to flush my respects
Meh, it usually works.
Nah, it's nothing special. I just had about 10 of those 8" long or so Craftsman 3/8" ratchets, so I cut one down to make a stubby ratchet.
All 4 in the series are fantastic. The fall of hyperion was my least favorite, but the other three read like a sci-fi adventure.
Here in Kansas we normally get to mid 80's at night, but the humidity skyrockets into the 60 and 70% range. I get to work some mornings, and the heat index is near 100. At 6 am. It doesnt decrease from there. We've been over 110 with 40% humidity. In Phoenix it's so dry the heat index is actually below the actual temperature. Never here. 110 in Phoenix is a 102 heat index, here it's more like 125 or better (40% humidity is 135 heat index....) On top of that, there's either no wind, or or its so damned windy it's blowing lawn furniture into the neighbor's yard.
I have a Colorado 3.7 on mine right now!
Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang Banana gun
I take screenshots every x seconds with fraps. It saves them to a Google drive folder, which uploads them Then my work computer downloads the images into the folder that's set to play a slideshow for my screensaver. It's noce, and I can relive my gaming memories! Also, my phone tried to autocorrect to screens aver, screens hot, and slides how.
You mean the former Allen Field house east Kemper?!
*That* must be why new BMWs don't have them, cost saving! Here I thought it was because they were designed by retards.
"Nope, can't have fun. Work is a place for work only" -/u/iamonlyonestickinthemud
They're not called dipsticks because they don't want it getting confused with the engineers.
Yeah but it also leads to wasting time and money developing a fucking "sound machine" to mask a normal fucking noise.
I had to sort by new :/
More like Hunter the Hungry
Daiiy
*Deceptively* fast
There are going to be a lot more folks without health care if it keeps skyrocketing like aca has caused it to. Mine has gone up 82% over the past 2 years. Thanks Obama.
My premiums for 2017 would be over $6400 for me and my daughter. We used it once each last year. Aside the penalty, not having insurance would have cost me under $500 last year, instead I paid out $5100 in premiums and another $270 for our visits and prescriptions.
Felicia
I'm bout to put it on my shells and cheese!
Idk, before aca we went through my wife's work, and they had great benefits and paid almost everything. That job was outsourced in March 2013. Her new job is compliant with aca, and they pay almost all of her insurance, but none of the premium for our daughter and me. My job pays nothing also, so we went independent in 2013 and it was 289/mo. Then 346. Now 527. Shit's so expensive that my employer would rather pay the penalty than provide us affordable insurance. Wife's insurance that was absurdly expensive is now cheaper than our super shit independent policy with super high copay and deductible. But if that policy had gone up 82% in the 2 years prior, that would mean a $50 monthly premium, which is laughable to think of.
Eh, he was in*ish*
I do pay for cut rate bullshit that doesn't hardly cover anything because if I did have a quality plan, it would cost over 25% of our combined take home.
Lolwut. He had 5 ints early on, and now nobody throws toward him.
Had Oakland won, KC would have swept the division but not won it. Several years ago ([2010](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Oakland_Raiders_season)), Oakland swept the division and missed the playoffs, finishing 8-8 overall.
I kinda want the Dolphins and Raiders to win just so we can stomp them again. That would be fun.
I have the vacuum. Wife wanted a new dust buster because our cone thing stopped working, I figured since I have plenty of M12 batteries, might as well get that thing!
Yeah they do some bullshit, and yeah their hourly programming is lame as hell... but damnit, I'd miss an awful lot of college basketball games if it weren't for espn3.
Tell your buddy they're doing God's work.
That's what happens when you charge $150 an hour for labor and you lock everything down so most other shops can't afford the special tools to work on your unreliable garbage.
I would hope so. I would absolutely lose my shit if it were my box and they didn't cover it.
Jesus fuck, another OT game postponing ours.
Oh hey, the game's on over on espn3 guys
https://www.reddit.com/r/CollegeBasketball/comments/5lvxpo/game_thread_kansas_state_3_kansas_900_pm_et/dbywxvm/
Lucas with the man move!
Jesus, he's like the Tyreek Hill of basketball. Hopefully without the violence.
JJ big ballin' tonight. It's amazing when what happens when he stays out of foul trouble!
I also wish I had his paycheck.
"eurostep" He's european.
I worked at a busy auto shop where most everyone was hourly. There was one dude who smoked almost all the time, like 20 minutes every hour. It got bad enough that everyone else would just stop working and stand around by our toolboxes when he went smoking. After a couple weeks of that, they transfered that dude to another shop.
That T turned into 5 points for KSU and Jackson (KU's leading scorer for the game) on the bench with 3 fouls to begin the second half.
This is so much thicker than gear oil. This is like they filled it with some sort of additive like Motor Honey, but I can't imagine it would last to get that dark if they only put that stuff in it.
Wow, that table saw is like 7 billion times nicer than mine, and at only 10 times the cost!
Bobby was voiced by Howie Mandel.
I'm so close, because there are so many other things just from a basic lack of fixing things (like when an overhead door almost fell on a Jaguar when the second spring broke, after we told them, a year ago, that the first spring broke, or that the lifts bleed down, or other various EPA or OSHA related things). Like how there aren't enough "water closets" for the number of people in the building. Petty, but damn it's hard get in there sometimes. Messed up part is, after I posted [this](http://i.imgur.com/w3kUcFW.jpg) in this sub, someone linked me to a report of a death when the lift/wood collapsed in almost the exact same situation. A few days after, I got one of those stupid tests that periodically come up on the computer, and it was about safety. It had a spot to fill in concerns and what not, so I commented about the lifts, and they sent me a response saying &gt;"Thank you for the information about the hydraulic lift and locks. Your company takes safety seriously. We have passed on the information to the appropriate person to investigate." Maybe I should contact again. That was almost 2 months ago.
Sometimes there's a lack of dad reflexes, and sometimes there's "let's do something stupid and get hurt, because we'll always remember that!" I like those moments.
Yaaaay, I'm not the only one that thought "that wouldn't be hard to make, probably just a reed switch..."
We had the big one on yellow. It was our cookie jar! Mom always had that thing full of homemade chocolate chip cookies when we got home from school! We probably had the smaller ones too, but I don't remember them because they didn't have cookies in em.
Every time someone posts this, someone refutes it, so that's me this time, idk if it has any merit, because my kid never had any problems sleeping, so long as the cat isn't in her room. But don't do this, because it reinforces the notion that monsters are real and you need to spray to keep em away.
My boss would be the one doing it because he's not going to pay me for that, and I don't work for free!
Damnit, missed most of the first half because I fell asleep during the Raiders Texans game :(
I'm guessing 10th straight over tcu
Dude swingin the bean bagger got a raw deal. Looked like he was trying to get his feet out from beneath him as he fell, but the other foot was stuck and that one went free and unobstructed (for a bit).
This happened to me. My daughter was kinda getting into minecraft, at least exploring worlds we found online, not so much building. Well I built this super sweet version of rapunzel's tower, it was cute. She loved it. Then I was like "oh, I forgot to light the fireplace!" Bye bye tower.
Tyreek can freaking turn on a dime and accelerate like crazy too. Look at his cut at about the 8 yard line on [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKxIs_ehWyc) return from last weekend. I think Tyreek is better at breaking tackles too, or powering through contact. I can't even count the number of times Dante "tripped on the grass" (aka, tackled by the shoelaces by the kicker). [This](https://youtu.be/G6CGXdnArQo?t=62) is my favorite return every tho. I remember screaming at the TV "YOU'RE GOIN' THE WRONG WAY!"
I don't even think a feral is a zombie anymore. He takes like 10 shots to the head, for crying out loud. Behemoth reminds me of that huge dude from Rage.
That's what me and my neighbor would do, I'd stand out there and yell his name, or he'd stand at the end of his driveway and yell mine. If the other wasn't home, someone probably was (parent or sibling) and they'd go out and tell the other.
But maybe one good Battlefield Earth. The book was pretty good, if a little campy. I'd love it if they remade this movie.
A soaker tub, it's like a normal bath tub but deeper! Totally getting one when we redo the bathroom, my tall ass can't even stay warm in our *normal* tub.
But if they'd kept insurance the whole time, they'd have no problem staying insured, right? I don't really know the ins and outs, but my sister is a stage 4 melanoma survivor, pre-obamacare. They were on her husband's insurance. He changed jobs and they moved, they had to get on cobra so she kept insurance, but his new job picked her up since there wasn't a lapse.
I used to have affordable insurance. I don't anymore, but I used to.
Holly Rowe asked BIFM to get a haircut in the post game, lol. He said he would.
Unwind by Neal Schusterman, narrated by Luke Daniels. Just started it tonight, but fun and creepy so far! Found it from someone commenting on it somewhere on reddit. That's usually how it works, I have about 50 books I want to listen to, but then I see some random mention and pick that up instead!
I use Smart Audiobook Player, and that's probably my favorite feature.
I didn't say it wasn't impressive, simply that most people haven't trained for it. Most could probably do it with the training, so I think it's a little less impressive. Most people could drive a forklift with training, but it's not really that impressive.
“That is how they play. They play aggressive and foul every possession." \- Bruce Weber
I've beat it a few times, only on normal. But I've also lost in the first or second battle on normal.
What the fuck is going on? Has the game started? Are we playing or what?
It's a little charge call, short and stout It's my fetish to make you foul out
Closer to a failed suplex, lol
But he didn't even go at the snapper, he hit the guard first.
Damn, I didn't think that guy was ever gonna make it to the end zone, lol
It wasn't even a late hit lololol
Haaaaaaaaaaaaa. That shit was incomplete anyway.
Yeah all they did was 4.24 x 2.5. Didn't account for the fact he's going 22+ for the last 60 yards, after his 4.24 initial 40.
I... I think guiness picked the order...
I thought so too, but didn't wanna say it lol.
Lol, don't wanna kick it to the Freek.
SOME OF UR OWN MEDICINE BITCHES
Holy shit, and what a job to keep it off the ground by the GOAT
Too much straight ahead and not enough skeet skeet on that return
Jesus fuck had him goddamn wrapped up before the ball got there
You mean featuring our all stars?
I think it only stops the clock in the last 2 minutes ersumshit
53 got held like a muh fucka on that play
Not bad? It was like a 30 yard punt lol
No reason not to
That happens on like, every play of the game.
But he didn't even pull him down. Lil' dip dip planted on the side of his foot, hard to keep your footing at that angle when you're on a part of your shoe without cleats.
If we scored at least 20 in each game, we'd have been a 1 loss team and still be playing. 19-12 vs Texans, 19-17 against the Bucs and Titans.
wat. He was like 3 yards away, going to the ground, and Smith was already throwing the ball. Doesn't help that it was the first holding call of the game, even though everyone watching probably saw 20 uncalled holds.
Did.... did you watch it? Harrison was 3 yards away before he misstepped and fell, by the time Alex had thrown it, he wasn't even on the damn tv screen. "BOY HE GONNA TELEPORT AND GET SMITH!"
I'll enjoy shitposting and cheering for whomever in the NFC to beat the Pats, that's for sure.
Wow, that's neat.
I was about to click it because of the NSFW tag because everyone loves some titties. Then I read the title and was like "AH! Fuck that shit!" Then I read the subreddit, and was like "shit, is that the one with people really dying? It doesn't have the silly caps in the title..." Then I read the tag and was like "phew, it'll be something adorable!"
Oooh, Lindsborg, KS! It's a super duper Swedish town, and they have a Swedish festival every couple years with tons of super scrumptious food!
That doesn't sounds like fun at all....
Roy williams had more wins and fewer losses at kansas, yet both of his championships were at unc :(
Oh my God, I love it so much when I can hear fans yelling obscenities over the broadcast!
No I'm pretty sure I was yelling at the tv "that's a fucking hold!" almost every time mr. patience made his move but our guy was being held just like this (or even more blatantly).
Didn't he only have one drop? That long one down the middle? Maybe there was another, I don't remember. But we still scored on that drive sooooo...
*Unsprung* weight reduction, even better!
Damn, even when KU isn't playing, the refs are on our side!
Don't worry mate, it's gonna be underwater when the tide comes up, because they're just gonna spin the tires and dig deeper when they try to leave.
Lake Superior isn't. That shit is like 35° year round. I made it up to my ankles and though I was gonna get frostbite.
Fall of Hyperion was my least favorite of the series. I thoroughly enjoyed both Endymion books, they read more like an adventure than anything.
If it had happened to Phelps church, they would have totally used that excuse, blamed it on that house across the [street](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.0456966,-95.7226463,139a,20y,90h,41.64t/data=!3m1!1e3).
Tools in general are an investment though. An investment to be able to do your job or do it better or faster with nicer tools.
That was awesome. I was hoping someone would jump from a table like it was a turnbuckle!
Auto tech here. This actually works better. Idk why, but it does. I did this a couple weeks ago with a brake line. Penetrating oil doesn't really get down in it to free it up, but the wax (I used a tire crayon, not a candle) just kinda oozes down into it. After melting a little of that crayon into the joint, it can right loose and didn't round off or break anything. Maybe it's because the penetrating oil burns off as the metal gets hot enough to expand, but the wax doesn't.
But the 2014s get like 38 mpg highway. We had a 2.5 2003 altima and we're doing good to get 27 highway.
It really is, considering how big it is. They do better than my 2005 Corolla at 70 mph. Better than a fusion which has to use a turbo to get close to those mpgs.
So I guess we really did win last week, we just didn't know? Because the Steelers sure as hell didn't show up to the game yesterday.
This happened to a former boss of mine. In high school, he was a state champion boxer, went to nationals and placed in his weight class ersumshit (i'm not a boxer, don't ask me the details). Well shortly after high school, he moved to California from the midwest. He and a friend were leaving a bar one night, and a couple guys tried to mug them. He fucked some shit up, broke the neck of one of the muggers and paralyzed him, and knocked the other one unconscious. One of them stabbed his buddy he was with, who died later at the hospital. He was charged for it, but there wasn't any jail time because of self defense 'n shit. I picture it pretty much as this video, but with more stabbing.
I have the same cart. It hasn't looked that clean since the very first day I had it.
32 here, never had cable or sat tv. Everyone my age at work thought I was weird 4 years ago for it. Now who's the weirdo?
Yep. He's been down this road before. It's like when I ask my wife to fold the laundry.
Juliette was in the 3rd Purge movie. We had to rewind it, I was like "hey! That's Juliette! Look look! It's the 'are you fucking kidding me' look!" And I just now realized that was Uncle Rico. Holy shit.
Well it's not called much at least
Not gonna lie, this is one of my favorite commercials in recent memory.
And spurting.
I wear nitrile gloves always. I wash my hands after potty time and before I go home. It's nice, because we wash our hands with ice water and lotion here.
Double hex is different than a triple square. The angles of the points are different.
Nice, they're only $26 on amazon, $22 on [tooltopia](http://www.tooltopia.com/vim-xzns412.aspx)! One of my coworkers was giving me shit for buying VIM, he'd never heard of them. The next week, we noticed the Cornwell guy carries VIM on his truck, so I make sure and point it out every week now!
"Cat, get out my way! I'm warning you!"
The crank bolt - a 22mm - is the only bolt that's not a 10, 12, 14, or 17mm when doing a head job. It's so nice to only have a few sockets out for such a large job.
Kansas? We have a ton of P1 trucks around here, but they're a huge national company. Oh, and that's a Ktag in the windshield... There's a dude here who found one with a blown motor and put a GNX engine in it, lol edit: Not to be stalkery or anything, but it's Kansas. Previous posts show your subbie tag in douglas county, and "Quick album enjoying the unusual Kansas warm weather." Does this dude perhaps live near Hyvee on 6th? There used to be a guy over there with a Sy and a Ty.
Mike Hock? Mike Hock?! Has anybody seen Mike Hock!?
Surprised it's not an s3 mini
The sc300 and the soarer are quite a bit different though. Some dude on /r/justrolledintotheshop, I think, had one imported. Different engine, different suspension, different brakes, more features on the soarer. https://www.reddit.com/r/Justrolledintotheshop/comments/5fydyp/the_low_mileage_train_1991_toyota_soarer_freshly/ https://www.reddit.com/r/Justrolledintotheshop/comments/5fydyp/the_low_mileage_train_1991_toyota_soarer_freshly/dao6yf4/
I just happened to see one of these at our toyota dealership the other say. Not in the market at all, but I'd never even heard of it!
WHERE DID THEY GO?!?!?!?
but but but muh "be aware, motorcycles are everywhere" stickers!
It's on amazon. reviews say it's really small. One is with a soda can, and it's only as tall (north/south) as the can.
And their truck was fuckin' tight.
It's the black version of that shit from Ghostbusters II. Who ya gonna call?
Dude I'll bet a tractor that size will lift over 5k lbs at the 3 point. My little Kubota will lift about 750, and it's a subcompact.
So yeah, basically the ku football story with different names.
Yeah I think you're right. Damn, that was 8 years ago.
Lol, dude in the van should be aware, motorcycles are everywhere. ^^^^^^^^/s
Aw shit, it's in Poland :( you mentioned Bartlesville, which isn't far away, so I was hoping this was in the area also.
Which is also disgusting
So tesla doesn't have dealerships, right? How do they go about recalls n stuff? They just pay other dealerships do it and provide detailed instructions for techs?
I worked with a guy that had one of these. He thought it was so fucking cool.
Will Little, but I'll give it to ya
I'm talking about right as they come off the transport they're empty, before they even go through UCI. And our salesmen don't get demos, only the big wigs.
Lol. Most auction cars are lease turn ins or old rentals.
I'm more annoyed by the shitty paint and the mismatched and bald tires. I can at least flag an hour for diag on that stupid CEL-setting garbage. Body work just makes me waste time finding a body guy to get me an estimate.
This is how I imagined the edge of the maze in the first Maze Runner book.
Bryan boitano, is that you?
Center post user here. Fuck Sedonas and Entourages. Fuck odysseys and siennas. And kinda fuck traverses and etc. Also fuck anything thats been lowered. And seriously, dude had to back that ranger in. Wtf.
We usually get as bout 20 inches a year, but the last 3 years we've had nothing but a dusting for 2 of them, and no snow at all last year.
Well it looked like they were spraying mountain dew though.
For those wondering, that's less than 25% of Kansas required to power the world. Make that fake meat instead of raising cattle, and we'll have well over 25% of free land!
Yeah, some dude went 338 at Heartland Park Topeka this year.
And a travel nurse makes like $40 an hour USD, which is $54 CAD. My mom is a travel nurse and her actual pay is over $40 an hour, plus she gets paid travel, paid housing, and sometimes paid meals.
Someone legit did file a complaint against my sister because of a weed or two. It was some purple flower thing and her reasoning was that they spread really fast. Buuut it wasn't even in her yard, it was in the empty lot behind her lot.
You go that way, I'll go home!
And that oil line tends to leak on the rear head. Ive had them come in with like 3 qts of oil just because of that line leaking.
They're pretty cheap too, like 5 bucks from the dealership for the washer (which is what actually leaks). Pretty easy, but they're torqued to like 48 ft lbs or something, so you'll need a flex head 1/2" or a pretty beefy 3/8" torque wrench.
WHIT'S THE SHIT!
Wow, what a fucking play!
Higher torque? *that's fine*. But how much torque is needed for that ignition coil bolt? 15 in lbs? 40 in lbs? 100 in lbs? Even at 100, a 6 point with an 8mm head does perfectly fine without damaging "the head and/or the tool." And why doesn't the size of an e torx and torx match? The size of an Allen fits into a normal hex socket of the same size. A triple square is basically the same size as the coordinating 12 point socket (though they dont fit because of different "point profiles" or whatever.) And the only reason the half cuts were mentioned is because its the only way to have a torx as small as a hex socket. Unless you just make up another standard like e torx that has new measurements just so you can replace a hex bolt that does just fine. [Relevant xkcd](https://xkcd.com/927/)
Jeeeeeenny I got your blinker
tbf i submitted a bug report about how the only ranged enemy (cops) can't be seen at range unless i'm looking down the sights or scope. That was in like a11 and it still exists in a15.
Did you pull off the little sticker so the top didn't try to pull a vacuum inside of it? *of course not*
I think you're pretty close, don't remember the numbers though. Torque them, then torque them again, then degrees, then back them off 90 degrees, then torque them all, then degrees, then degrees again on a and b. Or something. I know its a lot more than 3 stages lol
Well that was fucking stupid of you. Didn't you know this is reddit?
Except there's not really a jump. Run is space also, so you're effectively hitting it 3 times to evade.
You do need to be running, because if you have to move during combat it's the slowest walk the world has ever seen. You can remap controls, but you can only change it so you have to press whichever other button twice. You also can't do it in game, you have to change them from the launcher.
"HEY DUMBASS!"
I can't really imagine how the Metro universe would be open world. On the surface there's really not enough going on and in the tunnels there's not enough of a complete world to keep it interesting for long. I haven't read Metro 2035 yet, so my impressions are from Metro 2033, 2034, and Last Light.
They'd be fine as long as they weren't console ports. Even on Darksiders there was an evade button. It was bound to alt by default I think, but you could remap it (and only it) to whatever you wanted. I usually do better with a keyboard, like a result of playing every game in my life on PC with KBM. I even prefer driving games with a keyboard.
As an auto tech: Nah lol. I may have more work because now all those hoopties will get fixed, but my pay rate won't go up.
I'm imagining it sounding like a roller coaster clickety clacking up the first hill.
A gm 3.8 liter, they put em in everything, most commonly a grand prix. You have to remove the intake or the crossover to replace that elbow. They're both pretty time consuming.
I've never done it on one of those, but its probably the same premise.
The splash shield that's hanging on the left of the picture? It's just a splash shield. Those wingnuts are so you can take it off to access the filter on a v6 Grand Am. Looks like it might be broken on the left side. You can zip tie it up or take it off, whatever. Not gonna hurt anything.
Lol, that looks like sheet metal in picture 4
I'm imagining her now talking like Sigourney weaver repeating the computer in Galaxy Quest.
Chill bro. I put one of those things on my old S-10 because one of the springs was sagging. I found it on the side of the road, so it was much cheaper than a new spring!
I think the theory is that they'll take the whole amount (7k in this instance) instead if the 5k. And it would be legitish because OP actually does owe 7k.
I was thinking 23 10mm sockets. 1/4" drive. *that's* where they all ended up!
Guess?! That aint no *guess*!
It's an entirely different kind of flying.
I think what they meant was that a lot of manufacturers are using the touch screen to control other things too. Climate control, heated seats, all the stats for your mpgs, etc. I've seen some (YouTube videos) that integrate this into an aftermarket unit, but there's no use. I'm mostly thinking of mopar here with their 9" screen, but it applies to other makes too, like Ford. You're gonna swap that out for a 6" screen that has pretty much the same functionality but doesn't look as good?
Some Sportages are the same way, FWD or AWD, but not the other one. I don't remember which. And how do you squeeze another hour out of those? I'm pissed now lol. If you look up labor times, it actually shows 1.2 to remove and replace rear rotors, and 1.3 to remove and replace fronts. WTF. For those wondering, [this](http://www.imgur.com/hiUamsF.jpeg) is what they speak of.
The only laws I can find are that they have to pay at least minimum wage (including minimum x 1.5 for hours over 40), and we all make well over minimum wage. I'd have to flaglike 15 hours to make less than 44 hours at minimum wage.
It shows Salina KS, Emporia, Ottawa, *Lindsborg* KS with a population of sub-3500, but it doesn't show the state Capitol of Topeka?
Are the slides on these part if the bolt, or does the bolt thread into the slide? If its the prior, this has probably happened as a result of the slide rusting in place in the bracket. It even looks like the boot is torn, which is what let the water in and resulted in this. Try removing the top bolt then using a pry bar to pivot the caliper a bit and free it up. Then you could put the other bolt back in and maybe remove the bottom one at least as far as the threads go. Apply some heat to the bracket where that slide is, but you'll burn up some stuff like the rattle clips.
Can you take a picture? I've seen a couple Toyotas fail here, the part on the back of the knob that holds the cable sheath in place broke off. The only way to fix was a new hvac control head. One was on a buddy's and we tried to glue it bit it didnt hold.
But I'm using my right thumb and it's still just closing the gif...
Dem bennies tho. Like 3 months of vaca, kicking insurance and retirement plans.
Our HR will auto deduct an hour if you didn't take a lunch break. Luckily I'm not paid hourly anymore but I know it still happens because I always hear new guys complain when it happe s to them.
I see this all the time, HF lists 2 of the same tool on their site.
How'd you get such cool shit lol. I'm level 7 on this save and put all points into scavenging and quality joe lvl 1. Only non garbage I've found is a 30 stone axe.
Front brake hoses on escapes are super prone to cracking. The have a bit too much of a bend or something. Generally hoses aren't cracked and sometimes I don't even think to look when I'm checking someone's brakes, but on an escape I'm damn sure to check. Just google "ford escape brake hose" and you'll see tons of pictures of where they crack. What I'm getting at is that it was probably showing signs beforehand. Have you had it fixed yet? Did they replace both front hoses? Because the other one ain't far behind it. If the other one hasnt been replaced you can look at it and see just where they crack.
If its in desktop mode (like you're playing a nonsteam game) it follows the mouse. You move the mouse to the second monitor and the tv will switch to the second monitor.
&gt; Edit: Also, you shouldn't worry about the effeminate thing. I have a friend who is also kinda like that. Got a job installing countertops. Nobody cares, because he proved that he can do the work, and nothing else matters. Second that. Auto tech here to say it doesn't really matter as long as you're a hard worker. Be a lazy jerk and you'll catch all kinds of flak though.
I pay that for 6 months for 2 cars, one is full coverage and one is liability. But in also 10+ years older than OP and haven't had a ticket or accident in like 8 years.
And if you look really closely, you can see salvy pick up the bat and slink away slyly.
Honestly I'm not even sure if that's what it was, but whatever happened it went down in the crack and stabbed a hole. And it was at the end if the previous mowing because it went flat in just a couple minutes. Or maybe it was when the cat was trapped in the garage...
But don't forget that's an electronic thermostat so its actually a $125 part and the only one in town that has or can order it is the dealership.
Bless your heart
They shouldnhave done it in a smart car for our entertainment. They always brag about how sturdy their cabin is but I want to see one act like a pinball when it gets hit by a big truck.
Ah, the siren song of the automotive industry.
I was too young to remember, but my older sisters told me about when my dad threw a sandwich out of the garage door. I don't know, but I'm sure my sisters were being little shit heads about the sandwich in the car or something, so it got tossed. Few minutes later we were all in the van and backing out of the garage. Well a stray cat was in the driveway eating that sandwich and didn't move as we backed up. RIP little thing. /r/dadisbrutal I guess.
That one where he lets it bounce then picks it up just in front of the gunner and the dude dives for him and whiffs it.
I was really hoping [this](https://youtu.be/avaSdC0QOUM) would be the tour.
Ummm hello, if my wife works at her company for like 30 years, she can get a month off. And if she doesn't take any days off one year she can roll it over to the next year. So she can get 2 months off. BOOM. But my work maxes at 2 weeks lol.
Ah dang, did they buy the boxes or does it come out of your check or something?
About the same as a teacher with similar amount of experience in my state, but it takes her 12 months to make that instead of 10.
The video posted below show a tarp or something shrouded around the forks, but the rear wheels were already up when the video started. Not sure why they didn't pull the ram in and lower the arm a little. I'm no forklift or whatever operator, but wouldn't that have moved the center of gravity closer to the vehicle and let it down slowly...ish? Maybe. idk, but it was fun to watch!
&gt; Yeah, that's one of the perks of this job. I'm not sure if you're sarcastic about it or not, but this whole thread is about this being a negative. I don't hate that you chose the profession you chose or that you get the benefits that you get, but what's annoying is the constant pissing and moaning about it. We get it, you think you're underpaid, but *everyone* thinks they're underpaid. Does a police officer think he's underpaid when he's risking his life to make roughly the same money (in 12 months) that a teacher makes (in 10 months)? Does a mechanic think he's underpaid when he's out in the 100+ degree heat all summer or has to go crawl under some truck on the side of the road in sub zero temperatures? And he's not even guaranteed to make decent money. There's bad shit about every job, but not all jobs have perks.
Sure it's concerning, but it's merely s symptom of the problem. Just like every other government program, the education system is bloated, full of cheats, and just plain misdirected. The us spends more on education per student than any other country, and what do we get to show for it? Goals in the wrong places and kids full of useless knowledge.
They literally spawned behind me several game hours after I cleared a 10x20ish room. 3 zeds spawned in the room on the second floor (and the only way up there was broken out) *with my sleeping bag in the room*
Yeah I definitely exhaled rapidly, at the very least.
Daughter has this batgirl plane thing and it shoots the little 1x1 round pieces. It also has a tiny net, a true death sentence.
Well they get paid for 10 months, stretched over 12 months, but its about the same as other similarly qualified professions get paid for 12 months. But it's not vacation, don't say that or you'll get teachers all riled up!
Or if it's my work: approximately 6.5 years.
&gt; Annual review You mean pentannual?
[WOOOOOOOOO WOOOOOOOOO WOOOOOOOOO](https://youtu.be/gGw7gTve6cQ?t=8)
And Lostprophets, that song was pretty jammin. So I downloaded some other shit of theirs, and it was pretty garbage. But now, woof.
She's Japanese so.... Yeah
We had a Forester come in the other day. Has one single bullet hole in the LF fender. Perfect bullet hole, just like you see in the movies. But right behind that hole is the goddamn wiring harness. Ripped right through about half of the wires.
I filled it out because I feel the need to piss and moan about what a shit show this whole industry is.
Lol lube techs can fuck right off if they think they're doing that gravy work!
Lol and you're at a Chrysler dealership? A lot of their rotors are $75-100 a piece (like Ram or Charger). Save $150 per axle and that's about the same price?
Even in a15, you could make electrical lights, and but they weren't bad. You didn't have to make electricity or anything. http://i.imgur.com/D2jQIAf.jpg
So does drive cover all of those? It's a digital backup, but it's stored on my laptop and my desktop. 3 places being drive, desktop, laptop. 2 media being internet and hard drive, and offsite being on the google drive.
Well ya see, the first thing you need to know is that pipefitters everywhere decided that the size listed on the pipe has absolutely nothing to do with the pipe itself. After that, good luck.
Did you disconnect the battery when you installed the alternator? A lot of times it will fry the alternator if its plugged in with voltage present.
