1. Cro 2. Taco 3. Vermette Honorable mention: Steeger Honorable mention 2: Timmonen
I would trade the confusion in Philly for the sheer anger and white trashedness of Boston. If anyone has a video of those guys from the stands during the 17-second spurt in 2014 that would be something I have been chasing down.
KaneGB is exponentially better than AK72 or whatever was floating around. Good work
I haven't checked in a while, but just want you to know that my directv went out as Matt Albers doubled advanced to third and scored the Go-ahead run.
I think Rose worked out for the Bulls. He just had some unfortunate health, family, organizational, big-3, Boozer, Gasol, Hamilton countless other issues that didn't get the Bulls to the Championship. He played a major part of those shortcomings, but to compare Derrick Rose to the lifeless, entitled Gordon Beckham or to Joe Borchard is ridiculous. It's hard to compare Derrick Rose to anyone on the Sox, but if I would have to, it would have to be Magglio Ordonez. Maggs was far and away the Sox best player for 4 or 5 years when some injuries shortened his White Sox career where he was able to pick up and move on to one of the team's biggest rivalries. I hate the Tigers, but was extremely happy to see Maggs send tha team into the World Series... only after we had won one ourselves. Unfortunately, the Bulls don't have a post-Rose plan like the Sox had a post-Maggs plan and Brett Lawrie should hit a line drive off of both GarPax kneecaps.
Longest nine inning MLB game was 4-45. Dont know when the puck dropped officially here, but we have got a chance.
Was working. Thought it was 12:05. The seven pitch breeze through the heart of our order would have put that to bed.
The exact opposite of framing a pitch
Sure mismanaged pen but bases loaded none out should be at least two runs.
Maybe this goes long enough that we miss garPax fuck up the draft tonight?
Why is Lawrie looking for an appeal?
Shouldn't be indifference, should be ignorance.
That's a total of two pitches.
Just clearing cap space for melo, lebron, wade, Kobe, grant hill Tim Duncan and Tracy mcgrady
Rick Bucher.
q-WIN-tana is my favorite mispronunciation
You sounded like dirty Harry there.
He won more games than Mike Price.
Oh to be young and not know the pain of Zook.
Have the Sox had a pitcher train at APEC? I'm not sure I like seeing a guy exert himself like this for the sole purpose of seeing how he can light up a gun in a non-baseball exercise. The Sox, under Cooper and Co. have had pretty good success of getting pitchers to throw a lot of innings and avoid long stints on the DL and I threw up a little bit in my mouth watching this.
Not saying it's not a standard exercise. My concern is why is there a dude in the background freaking out about the velocity? It's that mentality that leads to injury. If it's happening on that drill, it's happening on other drills and in the weight room. I did a quick search on YT and found a video featuring our prospect working out with Josh Tomlin and Nick Rumbelow down at APEC. Not sure when that video was shot but both of those guys have gone through major surgeries in the last two years or so. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wPeffiUGKPQ
You and all the other downvoters are right. Probably nothing to be concerned about with a guy who has already been suspended for a banned stimulant and works out with this group trying to get a viral following for a 110-MPH non-pitch.
What is a super cause for concern?
it's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl. Especially a girl. Or a boy.
isn't it 2017 now?
How can they survive a rebuild? I'd love to see some new faces. Starting with these two.
Losers find a way to lose. Niko finds a way to make sure that it happens.
I don't have the stats in front of me because I'm texting and driving, but this team has to be the worst 3 point defense
Hoiberg is talking about three threes. They hit 17 of 30.
Shocked to see middle of the pack.
From this tweet it would appear that our real problem is the Lord and Savior baby Jesus recruiting kids away from UF. We either need to flip Gods only son who died on the cross for our sins to start working for us, or just wait around for Him to commit a recruiting violation.
I hate to sound too much like fuhrer Trump, but I think SNL is a disgrace. They have 734 cast members and not one of them is talented enough to carry a sketch or weekend update. As a young comedic actor, being on that show is your opportunity to become a household name with your characters, impersonations and writing ability. They've got one guy who plays Putin by taking his shirt off and very little else. If I were a cast member, I would be livid that an established celebrity steals the spotlight every week and marginalized my performance. Not as a host but as a guy who lives in the neighbourhood. I know they regard Alec Baldwin as a honorary cast member, but he's being a "rude, thoughtless little pig" in this manner. There is absolutely no edge to the show anymore as they continue to pander to a mainstream sentiment and have no time to hurt anyone's feelings. If Phil Hartman had lived to see the end of Clinton's administration, I seriously doubt he would have had a sobby thank you and goodbye tribute like they performed for Obama. Peace and love.
It's sad to see, but even Dr. Rush will have to admit, parking and home football games had nothing to do with the failed business. They simply bit off more than they can chew and overextended themselves. They had a closet on University Drive for 25 years and sublet a church for another 10. They tried to become Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag and this is what happens.
Gangster talk- right right?
That is one of the worst post moves I've ever seen.
The 90-91 Lakers team was awful. Especially after the attrition they suffered. I think Worthy and Scott missed multiple games. It's impossible to compare LeBron's opponents to Jordan's because it's a almost a different sport. There are certain players who transcend generations. There's no doubt that LeBron and Michael could play during any era but no one can tell if these warriors would be dominant because before the​ rules changes. That's what makes Duncan's accomplishments even more impressive since he started having to deal with Kobe and Shaq and then they would eventually have to compete with the super teams and the three and "d" specialists.
Whose rules are we playing? The 90s and today are two totally different games.
97 heat team was stacked and didn't have a chance. What Rodman did to Zo was Hannibal Lector level.
I'm not sure, but I think Timmy passed on to the Lord during this time too.
Both are trash. But, chain smokers make blackies look like the rolling Stones. They are an iHeartRadio fabrication that are only popular due to incessant air time. Try turning on your radio now. Howard is now just a part of a Sirius junket. I imagine the Chainsmokers were just in the building that day and stopped in the studio as part of the tour. Im offended by the booking of this guest.
I don't like the Goo Goo Dolls, but they were one of the biggest bands on earth in late 90s early 00s. Every song they put out went to number one or close to it, it seemed. Even still, Howard only had them on the show if they played in front of their gay dance party. The Goo Goo Dolls didn't need Howard Stern to promote their record or their show, but they made the appearance any way. It's just not fun. It's not funny.
The only redeeming quality of Sharia law is that participation in softball is punishable by death. There is more sportsmanship in the blue whale project than in softball. However, I can only blame the umpire for what happens. He just stands behind the plate like a tit while the remarkably short manager conspires with his team for over a minute. If you don't break up that huddle after a ten count youre asking for trouble. The classiest move by the manager is him obviously telling his ladies to wait another 10-15 seconds after he returns to the dugout to break in order to build the appearance that he had nothing to do with it and the team went rogue.
Isnt he just having second thoughts? Doesn't look like a Draymond move. Looks like me whenever i go up in the lane and realize I'm totally fucked.
Maybe he coaches Oklahoma football instead?
When I was your age there was a super star on every team. The dream team only had two sets of teammates. 96 only had one in Stockton and malone. Not a perfect way to measure, but just an illustration.
Keep your chin up. One door closes another always opens. Just make sure not to kill anyone with that door.
One of the worst home run calls in baseball history. C-ya??? That's what you came up with? But even still, not even the worst home run call in that hallway.
And it's horrible.
Not really. After his NFL career he was hired at my sister's company. ** Quit after his first month with the company. Sorry I lived in Boston at the time and I didnt have regular conversations with my sister, so I think I made up my own story. Much like Fox and CNN will do. The fundamentals are all the same though. Hired. Unreliable. Left after short period of time.
I don't remember. This was five or six years ago. I think he was on Twitter at the time. So no need for alarm. Not saying he wasn't a great player for us, I just wanted to play devil's advocate re: his reliability.
No one over the age of 13 throws share. **Shade
To play?
He'll have no trouble moving his furniture to anywhere but here
HIV positive? Please tell me it is HIV positive.
Are you saying Niko, Payne and MCW isn't a super team?
No one saw that he compared himself to Todd Frazier in this interview?
Avisail Garcia has been better at baseball this year than the previous years he's played for the White Sox.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/BjHK2Uczq7o/maxresdefault.jpg Preview of the kid's baseball card.
Callis treated Our Chuck much more civilly than Keith Law.
The entire Law interview oozes with pompousness​. Compared to how down to earth Our Chuck is it was oil and whatever oil doesn't mix with from the beginning.
There's video? Only heard podcast
That's not the sentence for manslaughter.
Gene Simmons created Reddit. And this sub. And all of you
If the column is portraying this group of 10,000 Muslims as a reflection of the entire religion, that's about as misleading as saying that ISIS is an adequate representation of the entire religion. Everyone should be against terrorism. There shouldn't ever have to be a rally or a protest against terrorism. It's like having a pro-oxygen rally. The signs the women who are marching say it all, "Please don't kill INNOCENT people." Let's ask them who's innocent and who's not innocent. ISIS is not Islamic extremism because there really isn't an equal and opposite extreme in the religion. Groups like that might be radical, but it's not as extreme as one would think relative to the general population.
Ha! but it's 'rite' of passage isn't it?
How many special persecutors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Tell me more about these St Louis Rams. Sounds like they come from an ancient mythical land.
Thank God for Kahnle and Donaldson. Wouldn't have won without those two guys.
His second grade earth science teacher should be charged with negligence
I was at this game. Great road trip as a bears/gators fan where LSU/Florida was the day before in Gainesville. I remember the big story was that a 40 year old bears fan going to his first ever bears game and getting his throat slashed less than a mile from the stadium. Anyways, the D probably had more takeaways in the 2nd half of that game than in 2016.
That might be the "PLO room" tho. The rest of the estate could be tits.
I'm already getting fitted for a Tyler Ulis bulls jersey
I don't think the question is if he opts in but how many games he'll play. I have garpax paying about 1.5 mil per wade game next season.
They should waive Cameron Payne so that Cleveland can pick him up and do a sign and trade max deal.
LeBron to Clips or Lakers to force the NBA to go to a straight 1-16 format in the playoffs. 10-11 Western conference teams plus Celtics, bullets and bucks. 35-40% of the league tanks to avoid dubs and LeBron's super team. The NBA will try to curtail tanking by changing to a 40 game season. Lbj plays 30. So that he can play until his grandchildren can play with him. 22 straight NBA finals appearances he final retires when Donald Trump suffers a stroke in his eleventh term as emperor. First ever human manned craft reaches Mars and builds a colony and a developmental league. Where LeBron sends a test tube of his super sperm to be farmed to create an entire interplanetary league of LeBron's. If you need me I'll be at Alex Jones house this weekend working some shit out.
I don't blame him. I've never made 24 million in a year. I will blame him when he plays 15 games.
He would need to be caught with Carrie Fisher amount of drugs between today and Thursday to drop this far.
What's a y'all?
Who hates hoss? Maybe predators fans? Get over it.
Didn't knicks fans want Jackson gone when he drafted porzingis? Just giving you what you want.
I'm so confused by this. The heats best picks are Brook Lopez and Mason plumlee? Wasn't kawhi Leonard drafted by the pacers? Wasn't derrick Rose good at basketball?
You've watched Nikko?
A lot of tj leafs highlights are right over this Finn.
I've seen a dozen of these over the last year.
I don't mind blowing "it" up. But "it" includes the clowns making the moves. I don't trust any of their personnel or development decisions. If someone with a proven track record of salary cap management and talent evaluation were at the helm, trading Butler would have been a no brainer. However, their return was laughable. Even if the decision is to tank and be completely flexible next summer, the top talent is going to notice the toxic environment Pax and Forman have created and steer clear. Chicago has whiffed on every premier free agent since the beginning of free agency. The NBAs top level talent is a small clique. And the bulls are not a part of that clique. It would be a huge gesture to just get rid of Forman and Paxson.
Yes.
I'm sick of even the phrase "HoiBall" there is no such thing as Hoiball.
My Bar Mitzvah partner was Zach Levine. (pronounced the same)
I think that Alejandro Dypshyt is the real deal.
This is why that Abreu anomaly is weird but not that crazy.
He doesn't have a system. He played a certain way with the cyclones but it's not like you just copy and paste that style to the NBA. Billy Donovan and Brad Stevens were much more successful in NCAA basketball but are completely running different systems with their current teams because they have different personnel. It's not like he has a secret recipe that you can just plug any stiff in and score 130/night. Hoiberg was hired to coach Derrick Rose, Jimmy Butler, DunDun, Gasol and Noah. Do you think he's looking at his lineup now and saying "finally?". This is going to be a disaster. He should have taken the Ohio State job. (Fire garpax)
That's ridiculous. Styles don't win games. Players do. That locker room has zero players.
And then he doesn't play tonight
Steve Kerr didn't have Kerr ball. He saw the hand he was dealt and put them in the best position to win. If Kerr was the coach of the 2015 bulls he wouldn't have played the same way as he plays in Golden State. It's not like Hoiberg agreed to coach a team under the assumption that the entire roster would be completely turned over. And i mean completely. The only player who is left from the 2014-15 team that he took over is Nikola Mirotic. A player who has gotten measurably worse under Hoiball. Hoiberg is not there to develop talent or implement a style. He's only there to replace an outspoken coach who would provide resistance to a incompetent front office. For any of you buying into hoiball I sympathize for you.
that was like a month after the game tying grand slam in Seattle.
I think the Cubs pennant tells more than the actual facebook message.
This series should be played at McKethan after the shit they pulled this year
He should be ready for his side day for some work out of the bullpen which would be Wednesday. Unless the Tigers call. Gilbert through at least 115 in the afternoon so LSU is in the same position.
Posted the picture before he ate the camera.
Define hilarious
is Trader's South still open?
I'd be up for it, but you really let us down in October. Both of these 3b are better than Brett morel.
They were never loveable losers to me. And now theyre just winners who behave like losers.
Keppinger.5
Had they evacuated that quickly before Katrina, George Bush would still be president.
Is savage a good thing or a bad thing?
Fadedo was untouchable, but the unsung hero and my mop is Dalton Guthrie. When you have the 8th best lineup in Omaha you better bring some leather.
Couldn't find any tape of him playing hoops, but got some of him playing tennis: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUaMzsNKR7Q
just bought a Lincoln.
As a white Sox fan and a sci Fi nerd this video was incredible.
We are in the golden era of pass friendly rules aided bloated stats for QB. I believe that the ones you've listed are in the discussion for greatest all time, with Brady the easiest to argue, but it's not fair to compare the statistics of today's quarterbacks with what Marino, Elway, Favre and the generations before them were able to do.
I don't need to defend my support for the bears. We are allowed to be critical.
What grade is the author of this post in?
Will they announce which Arby's Dowell Loggains will be working next year?
I don't think giving a franchise tag is as easy as everyone makes it out to be. If he has no intention of playing with the Bears past 2018, then I think they should just let him hit the open market. In order for him to be franchised, he'll have to be paid the average of guys like Josh Norman, Janoris Jenkins, Patrick Peterson and Richard Sherman. He's had like 11 good games in a Bears uniform. The real elephant in the room is the depth at the position. Ryan Pace has done an awful job allowing for flexibility. Coming in to this season, a franchise tag for Fuller would have been ludicrous. And now, if the Bears aren't able to sign Fuller, there's absolutely no one waiting in the wings qualified to take his position. Am I crazy here? There's no way a competent franchise operates on a week-to-week roster outlook like the Bears do. You have to be able to build out two-three years in advance and have options and contingencies for anything that comes your way. As it stands right now, the Bears have several positions with this scenario.
the highest rank he should hold is short-order cook.
Ryan Pace has never done this before. He's probably still throwing up from firing John Fox. Let him compose himself.
Please refer to the bucs and colts before Tony Dungy coached the teams before calling him overrated. He's an awful father, but an excellent coach.
The Jets and Giants are worse. Everyone else is better at least for now. Bears are still last in NFC north unless Aaron Rodgers passes on to the Lord. Every other team will draft after the bears and I think we'll be underdogs heading into most of these games.
Having cam could have kept Glennon on the field for a couple of extra weeks. Which could have been good or bad.
A guy who's never hired a head coach is evaluating whether or not to let a QB with 12 games of experience in on the hiring process?
Pace is plenty dumb to even had said that. The extent of trubiskys involvement should be him leaving everything he can to become a better QB.
He said that they're discussing letting him have a say. Not whether or not he likes a candidate. He has done nothing to merit any input much like Glennon had done nothing to be a starting QB. It's just a foolish thing to say publicly. Will Adrian Amos have a say? Kyle Long? Don't be stupid.
My problem is not having Mitch gel with the coach. My problem is the General Manager who has never done this before in his entire life saying this publicly and just proving how backward this team is managed. Mitch Trubisky will not have a say in the hiring. I'm not thinking that Larry Fedora is going to be the next coach, although we'll know a whole lot more about how involved Trubisky is involved if he is. For Pace to say this is just overconfidence in his position with the team and his project. This is on him- he needs to humbly approach hiring his first head coach. For this to be spoken in his first press conference after his extension is just ridiculous.
This schedule is so bad an uneven that the NFL should extend the schedule maker's contract two years.
He also threw as many TDs as Jimmy Garopolo. He threw fewer touchdowns than Ryan Fitzpatrick, Brett Hundley and Deshaun Watson. I'm not saying that to be a Trubisky-denier. I think he's the right quarterback for the bears in the current situation. But, the amount of circle-jerking that this subreddit conducts in honor of Trubisky is disturbing. There is not one thing that he did this year that anyone can logically point to that completely convinces you that he's going to be a top 15 quarterback in the league. He did what, basically, every rookie quarterback who starts did in their first year. You people are making absolutes out of guesses and it's not the best way to follow your favorite team. You need to be honest and critical or else no one will have any accountability.
I think no news is good news for him. If he can run, he'll play and have a chance to be the CF.
I don't like what I see. I mean, I really like what I see, because they look good. But I don't like what I see because it's Georgia. Bama has a huge problem next week, and we have a huge problem for the next several years. Maybe we can sneak in a couple of infractions???
That's perfectly understandable. Good things: gush over Bad things: make excuses Once again, I'm not saying he's a bad quarterback or that the Bears made a mistake- in fact I feel quite the opposite, but if you constantly find excuses and just assume it'll get better you can't evaluate properly. He had a better INT rate = he's amazing He had fewer touchdowns = everyone else is awful when in actuality: He had a better INT rate = a factor of an abridged playbook, coaching staff's emphasis on not forcing any passes, a good job of going through his progressions, above average accuracy, good velocity and touch, good understanding of defenses and good preparation He had fewer TDs = a factor of limited playbook, warranted and unwarranted lack of confidence in his receivers, inability to take advantage of mismatches, dropped passes, below average pocket presence, bad play calling. there are dozens of contributing factors to every STAT you see and just to ignore all of the bad stuff and only focus on the good won't get us anywhere. I say we just table the evaluation until the end of the first quarter of 2018. He will be the starting quarterback for the entire offseason and hopefully surrounded by capable coaches and play makers.
You are not allowed to speak ill of Ryan Pace or Mitch Trubisky. Both are beyond reproach. Remember that. And you will fit in wonderfully.
Well. I meant in this sub then. I like Trubisky. What a bunch of Cubs fans do at a bulls game is out of my control
If the guy is a good coach he could go anywhere and interview for a job opening. Looks to me as if he himself knows he's trash and is looking for a handout.
Bears need two things: someone to develop Trubisky and someone who isn't functionally incompetent on Sundays. I just think Toub is the best guy for the latter when someone like Nagy is better for the former. It's quite the conundrum. Regardless, I'd be fine with any of the people that have been mentioned though.
They draft so well. It took them 0.0 seconds to recover from losing Ryan Pace.
My uncle owns a couple of hotels in Atlanta and Minneapolis. He's already planning on hanging himself because of Bama vs UGA in the college playoffs. He'd be even more devastated if the Vikings went to the super bowl. That's basically a 50% hit to revenue. So anyone besides the Vikings. But if they do go to SB I will root for them.
Do you live with her?
Offensive Line elite. LB next. Then WR.
We go to one road game a year. Vandy is amazing, except for the three-four hours the game is going on. I think it was 2014 when we didn't even go to the game we were having so much fun downtown. Knoxville is like no other experience. If you can scam your way on to a boat and get to Neyland nautically I'd recommend that. I went to Starkville once for a hoops game- never a football game. And it's kind of like our Starke only gloomier. I'm sure that the game day experience is just fine but it's tough to get there and it's tough to be there.
Too lazy to nitpick. But I am stunned every time I turn on an NFL game and see John Halapio. I'll take Johnny Townsend and ten people off the street vs. any team.
This is a worse hire than Chris Foerster.
I'm sorry. I cannot read this dude's name and not think of Terry Dean and cringe. Can we rename him?
Pageantry and tradition are all overrated. You want loud, rowdy and intimidating. I was in the stadium for the two (arguably) loudest games ever at Steve Spurrier Field at Ben Hill Griffin Field (97 FSU and 06 USC) and that magic can be recreated with two key ingredients. Alcohol and drugs.
forgot that 99 Tennessee game. Dancing Alex Brown with 11 sacks. Jamal Lewis on 4th and 2. Doesn't get much better than that.
purple porpoise used to have shots waiting for you at halftime so you can reload and get right back into the stadium for the 2nd half.
Rowdy Reptiles &lt; ISIS. My freshman year was Donovan's second year, I believe the first year students didn't have to pay to go to games. I was at the game when Jason Williams was escorted out of the O'Dome because he wasn't a student. I drove to Indianapolis in 2000 in a Winnebago by the Grace of God and No-Doze. I have never been surrounded by a bigger group of nerds than my time at the O'Dome watching gators hoops from 1998-2001- and that includes my time involved in 2 concurrent games of Dungeons and Dragons (Tuesdays and Thursdays and a separate one that I was actually the Dungeon Master with some cousins on Weekends and Holidays) I guess the "Rowdy Reptiles" were getting "organized" at this very same time with the dumb little chants and overall buffoonery. They would call security to tell on my friends and me that we were "gambling" on the games, our god given right as Americans. Who cares if we won by 15 or 14? Don't get mad at me if we miss a garbage time FT. I was also informed we weren't allowed to criticize "Home Players" by some dingbat who had never done one athletic thing in her life. I was once heckled by own mother for grounding into a game ending double play sophomore year. Moral of the story. College is fun. Have fun. Let your hair down. Let Duke be Duke. Let's be Florida.
i just want you to know- i upvoted that.
maybe he's going to have Bobby Portis punch him in order to return to the Bulls averaging 15 ppg/15 apg?
We need to be honest with ourselves. I don't think there's any way to not finish fourth in the division. Playoffs are still at least a couple of years away.
6 Items. One based on stat. 5 non-measurable. Sick analytics.
He should have considered returning for his Junior year.
I'll never do THAT again.
F Beth so long as she's not allowed to speak. Mary Queen of Mars. Kill Robin. Just to prove to God I can do what he can't.
I would have told Rams and Jags fans last year my two rules: 1) Keep your hands off my Percoset. 2) Do you have any Percoset? I totally understand that there's is a huge possibility for turnarounds in the NFL. But only when there's an opportunity for turnaround. The Jags and Rams play in weak divisions where anything can happen. When healthy the Seabags shut the Rams down in L.A. and are really the only competition in the division. The Bears are in the toughest division in football in my opinion with quality organizations that just don't fuck around. When Minnesota lost their qb last year they went out and traded for a former #1 pick. The packers had a pretty shitty year this year so they fired everyone from their GM, OC and DC. The Bears played 1 game vs. Brett Hundley and a half game vs. a one-legged Sam Bradford this year and still went 0-6 in the division. To win the division you at least need to go 4-2. Do you see that kind of turnaround in just a year against these teams? Really, 1-5 with zero blowouts would be a huge jump. I think you're still a couple of years away from relevance. But it might be a little bit more fun to watch next year.
Ha! "Mommy"
You can only hope he just keeps getting more better and more better. One day he could be one of the more betterest quarterbacks in the league.
Nice little summary. Good run down. You should also not forget Cameron Meredith in your wrap up. Though he wasn't drafted, if he return healthy, could be Pace's best acquisition with Hicks so far. Even though it's the most important aspect of the job a General manager is responsible for far more than the draft. With Pace's background in scouting and player development, we would assume that the draft would be his strength. The fault in your analysis is not considering overall trajectory of the team and your comparisons. Chicago's drafts have been far more successful under Pace than they had been under Emery and Angelo. Although, if you look at Angelo's 2nd and third years you'll see about 6 or 7 Super Bowl Starters. I don't think Angelo's second half and Emery's tenure is even up for debate against Pace so far. The problem is Angelo is retired and Emery is a scout in Atlanta. The Bears should not be competing against their ghosts. They should be competing with their competition. If you compare anything to bowel cancer, you're going to pick the thing that's not bowel cancer. Instead of comparing Pace to Emery and Angelo, how about comparing Pace to the team that most recently employed him. A team that just drafted three starters and Kamara after finding Michael Thomas and Sheldon Rankins the year before. Or more locally, compare the Bears' last three drafts to Detroit, Green Bay and Minnesota. For the last three years we have used absolute shit as a measuring stick. Meanwhile, the league is lapping Chicago. The question is how much of 14-34 is Pace's responsibility. Well, since he's in charge, all of it. But, I don't think his job was to be much better than 14-34. From what we've been told, his responsibility was to overhaul the roster with young talent and I think that's what he's been trying to do, not necessarily qualify for the playoffs. If Pace's job was to contend, then he's been doing an awful job. This roster is still devoid of depth/talent at OLB, CB, OL and WR. This is probably because they're trying to draft the best available player instead of a need which was caused by the overwhelming number of needs heading into 2015. I have a lot more on my mind. But i need to get out of the bathroom and back to the office.
I know several intelligent Czechs who don't think that Trubisky is better than Goff.
He so pissed at the ranking.
Mitchell Trubisky není tak dobrý jako Goff ve nfl fotbale. Možná, že v příštím roce budou mít žebříčky odlišné hodnocení.
That costs $11 extra on Spirit.
Spirit should charge him an extra $17
Spirit normally charges you $17 extra for that.
I mean. That's the answer. Why are there more comments on here?
Who was his backup?
A little disappointed that Edwards and Shurmur didn't seize the opportunity to do the Step Brothers interview. I think that's a red flag for both of them.
After UT claimed champions of life, really all championships were up for grabs. I don't mind letting UCF call themselves national champs. If there wasn't a playoff, they'd certainly get votes. The Big 12 should add Central Florida.
I agree with this guy. Not to only focus on his last two games but the iron bowl and the cfp game vs Clemson should scare a team with the 8th overall pick. He was totally neutralized vs Auburn and just couldn't make NFL type catches vs Clemson. There was a 50/50 ball in the first half he was dominated by the tigers db and a play on the sidelines in the second half where he just looked confused. I just think he's riding the coattails of Cooper and Jones but just looking at those dudes you see what a top 15 WR is supposed to look like. This isn't the type of player who will help Trubisky next year.
Didn't he just resign with Purdue after the Tennessee fiasco? I doubt the bears are going to buy Jeff Brohm out. Kevin Butler has been coaching the kickers at uga probably trying to sell Kirby.
Randy Brown. Loved him as a player, just don't trust him anymore.
Too tall. Too blonde. Too young. Too good.
We just came off a pretty bad loss to the fort Wayne mad ants. This could be exactly what we need to get back on track boys!
That was a joke.
Yeah. It hurts to watch their QB but still when it came to the play he had to make he couldn't make it.
Catch the ball.
Are you really laughing your ass off?
I have a love-hate relationship with UCF. I think it's a joke of a school and only sporadically relevant in athletics, but at the same time I love Applebee's and don't know who would manage any of their restaurants if it weren't for their graduates. I'm not looking at Big 12 expansion through the eyes of Florida- and I don't know how it would affect Florida since it would still seem that UF would be the better option for a recruit. But just in a business sense, UCF in the big-12 looks right. They have a nice new stadium, an untapped market for the league and a mini-bowl type destination for conference opponents. If Florida is worried about UCF joining the Big 12, we have bigger problems than we even knew about.
DE/OLB or CB if they're not doing best available.
The NFL is full of first round corners. If you're a number one pick you should be able to play against number one picks. This is specific to Ridley. You cannot blow number one picks. Especially top ten.
He's in the NFL. There are good players in the NFL.
I'll repeat does any body have the Hubert call?
Our Philip Daniels? That's cool. I couldn't stand our corporate stooge sounding wr coach. So anyone is an upgrade.
Eh. Jordan always said he was motivated by the guys who were veterans that hadn't won a championship. I'm guessing he was always telling them that to get him more amped up. You can see guys like Trent tucker , darrell Walker and Randy Brown always quick to embrace Jordan as time ran out.
Our Finn is taller!
I remember throwing up in my mouth for a month after the Wallace signing. He actually wasn't as inept offensively as I thought. Really thought it hurt Thomas and Noah through the years.
It's Nathan Petermans music
I also feel that way. But I also feel that Nagy was the right hire.
Probably heard the Vikings coaches had good interviews on Friday and Saturday. Didn't want to lose out on the bears job due to timing. Hence the second half of the game.
Nagy played (and lost) in Arena Bowl XXI, the same year the Bears played (and lost) in their most recent super bowl. Nagy played for a team owned by Joey Galloway, who would have been the bears best receiver this year at age 46. I think these are good signs.
The DC should be Nagy's choice for DC and no one else's. Keeping in mind, I think that Vic Fangio is a very good DC and has the defense trending up, depending on what happens at CB and OLB, I just think it's so Bears to force the new head coach into keeping the incumbent. The reason they hired Nagy was because he did the best job selling them on a vision and a staff. But this whole thing just stinks of the Bears forcing his hand as they denied the bengals permission to speak to Fangio on Sunday, named Nagy on Monday before Fangio's deal is up on Tuesday. If the Bears preferred Nagy over a different candidate because he was the only one who was willing to retain Fangio, then they fucked up the hire because that shouldn't be the deciding factor. I don't feel they fucked up the hire and hope that Nagy keeps Fangio, but if he doesn't I think that will be an assuring sign that Nagy is in control of the staff and has been planning his transition to HC for a long time. Regardless, here's to the last five years being a distant memory and moving on with a whole new staff and possibly a new energy at Hallas Hall and more importantly Soldier Field on Sundays.
Matt Nagy vs. FTP (career) Sep 12 2010 FTP at PHI (PHI coaches' assistant) L 27-20 Jan 9 2011 (playoffs) ( PHI offensive qc) PHI at FTP L 21-16 Sep 28 2015 (KC QB Coach) KC at FTP L 38-28 0-3 vs FTP
What were the others saying?
amazing interception by Ridley.
... and how did he shit it right down his leg in just ten minutes?
is hurts the QB of record now?
I know in hockey, Hurts would be the goalie of record... does it work that way in football?
Not fair that Kevin Butler coached the Georgia kickers.
if it goes to 3OT there would be another coin toss. Who's going to write the ref's script for that ceremony?
that would have been good FROMM 52.
photog just got blasted.
Kirby Smart has won another championship for BAMA.
Jalen should be throwing shade at God. Why was he helping Tua and not me?
last second changed from money line to +3.5. Never in doubt.
The fake newspaper bama players are holding up have Hurts on the cover.
Thrashers are looking tough this year.
Mike Vick.
My roommate's sister-in-law is named Nagy. Off-the-boat first person in her family in the states from Hungary. We call her Naggy like u/quailmanmanman 's wife- but I think it's actually 'Nahsh' like how our president's defunct hotel the 'Taj' Regardless- you're in the states now- you're name is Naggy.
Sid Luckman is eyeing down Nagy like, "Who the fuck is this guy?"
Read between the lines: Colin Kaepernick is our backup next year.
What position does he coach? Pretty sure he's a coordinator
Kevin Butler worked with him all year.
On pace for a record.
I had an apple today that tasted better than an orange I ate yesterday. Made me think.
What can Prozingis work on this off-season so that he can compete with Lauri?
Isnt it Nagi?
This is twelve years old? I wish I knew of this before just now. I would have gotten married to this song. I feel like Alonzo Spellman when he went crazy.
Not really a fun response.
Exactly.
Leave us alone. LeBron and Trump have to tweet about every little thing that goes on in the world to crowbar their way back into the story. I don't understand why Wade said this in such an unsolicited fashion. He's also asking people to vote for LeBron James for the all-star game. I wonder if this grass roots approach will work and James will be voted in? By the way, It's HAVE done a great job, Marquette. Unless you're from foggy Londontown, which Wade reminded us a billion times last year he's from Oak Lawn.
This was like playing in a ball pit compared to veterans stadium in Philly
Not the first person to step over Tyron Lue.
So, they do a top-ten every week and Lauri was unranked two weeks ago? I like having him ranked number one, but this list must be crapola to have not had him in top ten before today.
I'd like to pivot the conversation a little bit to how good are PEDs? Barry Bonds was the best player in the game in the 90s. He was a first ballot hall of famer by the time 1993 came around. He should have been a consecutive 4-time MVP from 90-93 but he had to settle for three out of four. ...and yet he got better. At the age when everyone else's body falls apart Barry Bonds entered a ridiculous realm of productivity where he basically homered or walked. So even if you're already better than everyone, PEDs can make you that much more betterer. And it is Sox related because I think I went to every Barry Bonds vs. White Sox game in his career (I think they played one interleague series in 2003) and he hit a home run in each of those games. I doubt he has hit a home run in every game against any other team.
I'd like to sign Markus Wheaton to an extension.
"I dont know, Mike. I'm super tired. It's been a long week." (Mitch puts hand over the phone) "Shut up Mark, it's Glennon. He wants to know if we want to grab dinner or something". (Back to the phone) "Hey buddy. Thats my mom. She's coming over to help me with some laundry. Can I call you tomorrow?"
Do we have to hide all photos of Buddy Ryan now?
He's the daughter of Kevin gilbride.
A win plus Fred avoids getting punched by pax.
What do the refs watch if not the game?
I would have to do yoga every day for about twenty years to complete a stretch like that.
nitpicky, but I'd reverse 2 and 3. We have no idea what will happen in the next couple of months at CB. We might enter free agency with Bryce Callahan as our number 1 corner. Now, Fuller and Amukamara might still sign with Chicago, but if either of them go, that might become the #1 need. Even if they both stay, Amukamara might not be a long term solution. I just have a feeling of doom at that position ingrained in my soul from the years between Peanut/Jennings prime and just this past year. I wouldn't mind drafting Derwin James or Minkah Fitzpatrick at 8 if Chubb isn't around anymore.
I went 0-7 in 2005. I didn't live in Chicago either. Almost mathematically impossible. Had tickets to game three in Houston but was stranded in Florida due to hurricane Wilma. You're welcome.
run away from the basket. new 5. right now.
I never wanted Pace to be fired. But I did want him to be held accountable for some of the horrible moves he made- especially in the 2017 Free Agent market. I wanted Nagy to be the coach so I guess that's a good thing- but since I don't know anything about football- maybe it's not a good thing. I'm a little concerned about what I've heard on WHY Matt Nagy. Pace said in his interview with Joniak that Nagy won the interview with his outlook on Trubisky and how they shared the same ideas and visions. This is what is known as confirmation bias and it scares me that nothing is going to change even with a new coaching staff. Is Pace just looking for people to make him feel like he's right? Obviously we don't want the two most important non-players on the team to be tugging the team in different directions, but there's always room for dissenting opinions. The best decisions are made when consulting a diverse group of people whether it's diverse in socio-economic, demographic or just overall philosophical makeup. I think that Nagy has won his first week as the Bears coach and maybe my concerns are just my well-justified bears-paranoia seeping through. But, I would have liked to have heard some different things coming out of Hallas Hall.
That's dumb. There are 53 people on the roster. 46 dress. Trubisky is very, very important, but take a look at Detroit. They were without a quarterback, they drafted the correct quarterback at number one and that front office was fired because it didn't win a playoff game. It's all about winning. If Pace can't put out a winner, I don't care if Trubisky is throwing for 400/game- PACE needs to go. As GM, he needs to be right much more often than wrong. So if he's right at QB, that's great for the Bears. But if that doesn't turn into a 9-10 win team by 2019- he's not going to be the Bears GM and probably not going to be a General Manager for at least a couple more years. The Pace's job depending on Truibsky story line is something that has been fed to you and that you've accepted. Pace's job is tied to the number of games won for the bears over the next two seasons. Maybe three just due to the nature of the contract extension. 2018 might well be a 5 or 6 win season again and that might be fine depending on how they look in winning and losing those games, but 2019 is a MUST win season and that's only going to be Trubisky's third year in the league. This was Jameis Winston and Marcus Mariota's third season as well. Expect Trubisky to be following similar development trajectories as those quarterbacks. We might still not know about Trubisky until 2020-2021, which is fine because it just the way the quarterback position develops. The Bears need to make a decision on Pace before then.
Hugh Douglas?
Wasn't it the Philly Frenetic?
from left to right: Robert, Seaver, Jimenez, Adolfo, Baines, Thomas, Guillen?? Fisk.
the Finnish and the Russians have had some bloody altercations in the past. Putin v. Lauri: who ya got?
He's also not in this photo.
I just feel that the Bears should have right of first refusal to any Butkus Award winner. If they don't get Roquan- I'm fine with Edmunds as well. I wouldn't mind having first dibs on the Walter Payton award either, although we basically unofficially used to draft that award winner in the late 90's, but stopped with Azumah and Adrian Peterson. I think we would have had Romo and Garropolo if that trend would have continued.
This would never happen with Javaris Crittendon in the Clippers locker room.
if this list went on to 10 or maybe 15 you would see names like Wheaton, Sims and Cooper.
at least Cooper approached the endzone with a football in his hand.
anything above 35 wins, I think they might rename the award after him.
so excited that he didn't miss one word on the prompter. Can you give the guy maybe a week off to get some R&amp;R?
Thibs also has to be in the running.
Fuck cancer. Can we see your healthy colon?
His current streak dates back to 2006.
I'd rather listen to Steve Grillo sing War Pigs.
In other words?
The 49ers defense had difference makers everywhere so he could do a lot more with that defense. When you have Patrick Willis in the middle you pretty much can get away with anything you want to do. But, he still had guys like Aldon, Justin Smith, Ray MacDonald, Novorro Bowan, Carlos Rodgers , Ahmad Brooks and Dashon Goldson. I think you can see Fangio's value in that the Bears don't have anywhere near that kind of talent (namely three all-pro LBs and the best pass rusher in the league) and still ranked pretty highly statistically. But, sometimes stats don't really tell the whole story. I don't see the Bears scaring or frustrating teams like the top defenses in the league do.
Isn't Quenton Nelson going to be the first non Southern California QB drafted? 15? He'd go higher in the NBA Draft.
Timberwolves MVP.
i dont remember, was the billboard before or after the trade? I now the idea for it started in the winter of 2017, so thats just really bad reporting by this dude.
De'Anthony Thomas is on KC. De'Anthony Thomas played at OU. De'Anthony Thomas will be on the Bears in 2018. That just makes too much sense.
Justin Holiday leading the team in rebounds with 1. No one else has one.
no windmill?
Anybody else listening to the Dubs broadcast? The announcers are absolutely flicking their beans over the Bulls.
My grandfather was at Pearl Harbor, it took him 70 years before he was able to even think about going to spankbang.com
started 3 of 4 in the 3rd quarter. ended 6 of 25.
already tried Ray MacDonald, why not?
he just knocked a tooth out. shacktin.
Whats the difference if Lavine plays the last 2:30 minutes now with Kris at the oral surgeon?
people get their shot blocked every day. ive never seen someone land on his face after a dunk.
Inside look at the Helfrich interview with Nagy. Pretty good insight and amazing access to an insider's point of view. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uA0qhhIxrQY
Pat Cooper
All things not considered and a shame because what she has gone through, but Robin Ophelia Quivers.
Since I blacked the second half of the game out I bought the game on iTunes so I could watch it the next day. I haven't had an apple product in 11 years but I keep iTunes just so I can watch urlacher an tommy Lee Jones dominate.
Redskins vs Bears playoffs after 87 season.
Jason Williams was the best pg in Florida history. But cheese could be the best Florida point guard in the argument with Taurean green. But Jason Williams played ten seasons or so in the NBA. Cheese is nowhere near as good of a basketball player as Williams. But cheese won't be as easily forgotten.
He predicted he'd go to the super bowl. He looks as though he's on pace to make it happen.
Rick Hahn makes Ryan Pace look like Phil Emery. Also Ryan Pace makes Ryan Pace look like Phil Emery.
You might want to look into becoming a fan of having a backbone.
Since 1998, the Bears have made the playoffs four times. When you're a fan of a team that is your team. Unless they send their profits to support ISIS which I'm pretty confident the Packers do.
Niko played in Spain. Pau Gasol is Spanish.
Hakeem Olajuwon played for USA international. He couldn't pronounce Kenny Smith's name correctly
Just a quick question: What steps exactly have the bears taken to achieving what the pats have achieved? Shouldn't we aim a little lower like winning a division game?
That was the most impressive part. The playoffs are just full of coaches playing for the lead and not the win.
My entire scouting report is dependent on that thumbnail. Does he drop that ball?
I'm no doctor, but it looks like he suffered a deviated SEPTA
always confusing about the nfl and playoffs since a majority of the season happens in one year and then the playoffs and super bowl occur in a different year. I didn't know until now that the 2006 playoffs were played in 2011.
San Antonio 1996 and Cleveland 2002 tanked and it worked. But that was when there was an obvious generational talent waiting in the wings. These guys are all good players but they're not generational type guys. If they were, it would be a no-doubt first pick overall. There were no questions heading into the draft about James or Duncan. It was basically the sweepstakes for the best amateur player on the planet. James even more than Duncan. There are too many variables that go into a successful tank. The most important being timing. You have to be bad enough at the same time as a complete franchise maker is available. Otherwise, you have to do what the sixers are doing and be totally irrelevant for a long time to make sure you have enough tries to strike gold. Take a look at the Miami Heat's attempt to tank in 2007-08. They benched Wade for over half of the season and only won 15 games. Not only did they not get the top pick in the lottery, but they totally whiffed at number 2. They were pretty middle-of-the-pack until they colluded to get James and Bosh to join Miami in 2010. I don't want the Bulls to follow the same timeline as the Sixers, it's just too difficult to get out of that rut and you have to get lucky every time. Not many teams are able to draft Durant, Westbrook and Harden consecutively.
I think if a CB is there and is the best player available, you have to take a CB even with Prince and Fuller signed.
It's almost as if the front office has no idea where the teams needs are.
If our starter didn't try to chew through the UC court, he wouldn't be getting minutes. Although, he hasn't been awful in his two stints with the big team.
they'll keep trying!
too bad Jameer Nelson is winning this big five matchup.
There needs to be a player with the ability to dribble out there.
Mark hadn't touched the ball in five minutes.
Three?
After the bell?
Only the foul has to occur before the bell. Stacy is right Neil is wrong
This will be like the end of teen wolf.
We might want to dress cam for the ot.
Mark is tough on those boards. Like a Finnish Charles Oakley or Kevin Willis.
Let him run the point!
Nikos feet don't move like regular NBA players.
Grant has to ice his hand after every game.
Keep away from markkanen.
Two for one. First one in bulls history since the Jordan era.
... and didn't get it.
Finally let Mark get them into their offense.
It went off of holiday. One of them.
I feel like Jerian Grant should be in the concussion protocol. There's no way this is clear mind decision making.
Game is over. Grant has to dribble the ball for at least nine seconds.
He's like Steve Nash with a broken pass button.
And on the way out we stole Hiestand? I would have been okay with a Kelly interview he hasn't been responsible for any student deaths for three or four years now. We also could have traded Trubisky for Keizer.
In no way did I mean to compare the talent. But Steve Nash dribbled the ball for 22.5 seconds per possession and always made the right decision. Please accept my apology for any confusion. Jerian Grant is nothing like Steve Nash!
If you literally want to take everything literally take a closer look at the title of Jack McCallums book about the Suns. He should have literally fired his publisher.
is the principle of that school to be cool? who would you hire as principal of that school?
ANY post that turns a wacky radio show into a conservative v. liberal platform. for example: Howard hasn't burped on air since September 18th, 2017. Must be the liberal-media and his new demotard friends like the Matt Lauer and Jimmy Kimmel. Donald Trump has never burped during any state of the union speech.
What?
All I ever hear from Artie is "red headed cunt". Was he talking about Louie? Any way I'm of the opinion that Artie was funniest before the stern show, which was only average to slightly above average comedy any ways. Once he became a part of the stern show, all of his comedy became jokes about maryann from Brooklyn and Benjy or one of his story lines about the show. It showed a lack of growth and a real opportunistic type of comedy.
If it's something about politics. Make it about politics. But everything is political. And posters are just sensitive idiots. It's not just stern listeners everything in 2018 is politics.
What?
I feel like you were posting and conducting. Keep your eyes on the track and leave my Brian Kelly jokes alone.
I agree with you most of what you've just typed. But I think the offense has significantly matured since what crowton first developed at UNH. Love him or hate him, Chip Kelly revolutionized the offense and turned it into what it is today. However, there are several factors that need to be adapted at the NFL level. Gary Crowton basically played a 2-dimensional spread where Kelly and his disciples introduced the four dimensions adding both a vertical component instead of just a series of wide receiver screens and a time dimension in the hurry up tempo. All of that being considered, we still have to wait because any system has to match its personnel and then needs to be introduced and executed in an organizational manner with complete buy in top to bottom. I don't see the personnel yet and we have yet to see any player, staff or game management from Nagy. I think it will take even less time to be able to evaluate pace, Nagy, Helfrich, Trubisky and company. I think we'll know which direction they are heading after the preseason and first four games of 2018.
Right. I'm sorry. But still your job is too important to be redditing and securing the safety of your passengers. Im glad you're a conductor actually bc my wife had a question this weekend as we were traveling home on the LIRR. I'm sure it's the same with metra. How do you account for all the passengers on your cars? Like who's gotten on who's gotten off and if anyone is riding along further than their ticketed destination? Do you have like a perfectly retentive memory or is their some sort of statistical system?
I thought this guy was 19-feet tall. When I dug a little deeper and realized he's only 6'2''I was a little less devastated.
As a Gator from Chicago, allow me to introduce some unmentioned stars: Wilber Marshall, basically first or second all-pro his entire career. Trace Armstrong, 25th all-time NFL sack leader. Neal Anderson, followed Walter Payton, but still managed four all-pro seasons. ... and also- don't forget our own "champion of death" Aaron Hernandez.
So, it's basically all memory based? That's pretty phenomenal.
nah- I just saw that you misread my statement- so I figured I'd rib you a little.
That song is awful. Only like it because the other team has to hate it.
Thankfully no one was seriously injured. He only suffered a deviated SEPTA
Reggie Rose Jr.
I think that sometimes during the games. But, once he comes back, I'm sure we'll unfeel that feeling.
Sims was garbage. Can they cut him? What does that cost? Not sure if Shaheen, Brown are as good as he is the run game. Even if he was awful in 2017
I've actually studied the Constitution. Nowhere in the laws about president does it even suggest it to be legal for a woman to hold the position. Since I could not vote for Trump and didn't want to break the law, I abstained.
Trainspotting!
God damnit! Keep quiet! We are trying to keep it under wraps until... Shit I've said too much.
I'd use a condom too. Who knows how many dudes she's effing on the side? Keep it safe. Keep it sexy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp0h_qqBG-M
Mike Glennon because he gets paid the most.
Let's work on getting Meredith and White 100%. Exercises like what would you do for Landry and Beckham are ridiculous. Just like that overnight, you have the best WR corps (how it's actually spelled) in the league when the day before you have the worst? All we should be expecting is talent. Whether it is in the draft or free agency. And this team has a lack of talent in a variety of positions. The WR position is overvalued when it comes to quality compared to quantity. I think you'd rather trot out four or five guys who can make plays than having one dude attract all of the attention. Bears' problem is their dependence on guys like Bellamy who really shouldn't be getting more than five or ten snaps a game. The Bears' focus should be on the olb, cb, and ol and should find opportunities to add talent to the WR position when it arises not break the bank for guys like Landry and Beckham. Landry and Beckham are top caliber WR in the league. But ask yourself, who's the best WR playing in the super bowl on Sunday? I'll give you a hint, it's someone who used to play for the bears.
fuckin right q.
the first minute?
Lorenzo Cain has more hits, home runs, rbi and runs against the White Sox than any other team. Let's hope he continues that dominance over Chicago.
he should just pull a no-show as payback.
Am I the a-hole? or is James Madison? ( I refuse to use profanity since it's against the rules) It's a really awful time and place if a person who decides to live by the rules that govern the country he lives in can be called such awful, obscenities. I've pointed out in the U.S. Constitution, a couple of examples of why Hillary Clinton, as did a handful of others before her, ran an illegal campaign for the highest office in the United States. Article 2 Section 1 1: The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America. **He** shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together with the Vice President, chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows 7: The President shall, at stated Times, receive for **his** Services, a Compensation, which shall neither be encreased nor diminished during the Period for which **he** shall have been elected, and **he** shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any of them. 8: Before **he** enter on the Execution of **his** Office, **he** shall take the following Oath or Affirmation:—“I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”
Is KCP allowed to travel to Chicago yet? That makes it a little more lol-er.
that third year with Mahinmi frightens me.
I would do Lopez and Holiday for that. Unfortunately, none of us have much of a say- so you're going to have to call Gar. Tell him we said what's happening?!
that's a stretch with Cox and Jeffery. After the Colts, the Iggles have the most Gators on active roster at 3. Plus, you showed extra loyalty for hanging on to Riley Cooper even after his audition for the Klan.
I don't think this was the catalyst as much as it was the opportunity. I am more angry at him in 2018 than I was in 2017. I take offense at his inability to see how big of an opportunity he had at Florida and rather would just complain about the facilities, the fans and the program. He'll never have such an opportunity again. His next potential-employer will have to ask him about Florida and he won't have an answer.
I don't believe in White.
I don't put too much value into Oregon State. They can't hire him because Benny Beaver has a clause in his contract that he will have the most unique teeth on campus.
Is there a way that reddit reminds you or alerts you that an ama you want to lurk is live?
Now you can guarantee rate and guarantee not getting impaled by louisville shrapnel.
Step one is done. Who's in charge of step two: not letting him leave?
that video was frightening. thankfully it's only for one year.
Emmitt Smith is from Pensacola and he played good at football. The dryer is dry.
Performing what?
Maybe his name is Larry Machado?
Good guys drink black.
Jack McDowell had five or six bad starts for the white sox. Two of them were in that series. Bo Jackson left a small village on base. But that Toronto team looking back at it was just filled with hall of fame caliber talent. 94 was the year.
A video well leak in October of this year of Loggains whispering on face time confessing his love to a stripper he met online while he's eating a bowl of cap n crunch.
If he had followed anyone but sweetness he would have been considered a great rb.
Scariest Twitter photo in the business
Phil Collins witnessed his best friend drown at Sea. Let's be careful.
What?
Best? Can't be determined. My favorite is misunderstood.
Never heard of super upset. Is he in the marvel or DC universe?
Since this is an NFL product they left out what could have been most important moment of this game. After the Bush Fleur-de-leap following the 88 yd td pass, which included a point toward the Bears defense, Brian Urlacher had a short conversation with Bush in the end zone. Due to the amount of alcohol that was necessary to survive that saints comeback, I don't remember if there was a penalty on urlacher, but I do know New Orleans didn't score again and you could hardly hear a queef from Reggie after that. In the end the bears held New Orleans to 14 points and 4 turnovers. Statistically, the defense that year wasn't even as good as it was the year before. It frustrates me to read this subreddit jerk each other off to a Top Ten defense when really that is merely a statistical anomaly. There are very few, if any, game changing players on the defense. I don't see teams changing what they do against the bears and I don't see teams really fearing any specific player. The 2017 bears defense did a great job of keeping the bears in games, but a dominant defense does more than that. A dominant defense wins games, sometimes even before kickoff. We've seen it before with Chicago, not only the two years they've gone to the super bowl but pretty consistently up until this last stretch. I just think bears fans compare the defense to the Trestman and early Fox years instead of against the top defenses in the league and accept an overall very okay product.
Marvin Harrison murdered more people than anyone on this list.
What does mediocre scorer mean?
Mediocre does not mean average.
I'm just saying that be ready to face the consequences if he were to find out.
The only thing that Scottie Pippen was mediocre at was financial management. Randy Brown was a mediocre scorer. Not Pippen.
Okay. Well he was above average as a scorer. He scored in the 20s playing next to one of the all time leading scorers in the NBA. He wasn't an average scorer whatsoever. It's just dumb to call pippen a mediocre scorer.
how far did you make it? I almost finished half of that first sentence.
Did Kevin Loves barber clear the concussion protocol?
I will buy ty lue a Shirley Temple if he tells lbj to put curry in the block when he gets switched.
I hate 100% of all charges called. That one was probably the worst. He was sliding under.
Put curry on the block?
Put curry on the block?
Put curry on the block?
Win (a game) in the division.
The top ten defense badge of honor is worn with so much pride in bears subReddit land.
Chicago coastline and most other coastal cities are built on landfills. It's not what you think
The difference between 4th and 7th could be 7 or 8 million dollars over four years. If you fall from 5th to 10th youre losing about 33% of your wealth. Not to mention how much more valuable the contract would be landing in Phoenix or Orlando where you can keep more of your money. Please bulls Reddit. Stop being stupid. Let's leave all of that in Bears subreddit. Michael Porters job is to go as high in the draft as he possibly can.
What grade are you in?
He doesn't have options. He will get drafted by the team who drafts him. I hope it's the bulls. But the kindergartners who think he's sabotaging himself to land with the bulls are truly delusional. Sorry to use that word, but it fits.
I am from Chicago.
You call yourself the moneyman222? The only thing guaranteed in life is what you have in writing. No one is taking an $11M bet on themselves. If he has a good agent and family, they'll tell him that money today is much more valuable than money 5-years off in the future. He's dropping because that's what the media outlets are telling you is happening. He's not doing it to himself. He might not even be dropping. Who the fuck knows at this point? If he thinks he's the best player in the draft, he's an ultra-competitive person. That means he wants to go number one. Not number 7.
You can ask anything.
Should have left Danny in.
Thanks buddy. I set up a GoFundMe if you want to help us get Jason Beneti to lose his virginity.
Why is jr Smith a fucking tool and Ryan Braun a fucking Jew? Also, did mommys little baby get any boo-boos at the Slayer show?
I would hedge the bet by stealing $150 bucks from your friends wallet.
I never hated Dennis Rodman. Always thought he was a freak athlete who played his game. I never liked Wade after Marquette. The whole era where he would wear a band-aid on his face for no reason really rubbed me the wrong way. The time he spent on the bulls was infuriating. My answer is Ron Harper.
Do you know what sarcasm is? I'm not riled up, sweetheart. Just found it interesting that someone who was concerned about her well-being at a Slayer concert, something eleven year olds do every night, would immediately associate Ryan Braun with being Jewish. First thing that came to mind.
It was Cleveland and LAC. But he actually was pretty awful for Chicago in 94-95. It was great when he just learned his role and fit in with the second three peat.
Reminds me a lot of Kevin Brown. Someone you can count on to dominate, but is completely unapproachable.
I think between the seven seasons since we could potentially put together a 16 game campaign that was watchable.
https://youtu.be/O87TkglJh44
At least the UAA saves money and doesn't have to continue this charade.
Revenge porn has terrorized society ever since David broke up with Michelangelo. Kudos to Jesse Eisenberg for being a part of the solution.
He's conducting one of Einstein's thought experiments.
That's My Bush.
Happened to me in 2001. As an economics minor I decided to bet the lot on the Giants +9 at home vs the Vikings in the NFC championship game. Needless to say my bookie had to pay me around $11k in 2001 college dollars. Which adjusted to inflation was like a gagillion dollars. Before I paid off the University, I decided to retire from my minimum wage job and invest...mostly in drugs and alcohol. I then spoke to my financial advisors and decided to do the right thing and bet the under in the Ravens/Giants super bowl. With the score 10-0 at halftime, I decided to hedge my bet by doubling down on the under. Needless to say, I spent the rest of college working off that debt. Five years later I went back for my MBA and asked my University for my transcript. They said sure, but first I had to pay off a financial hold equaling the scholarship money they had mistakenly paid me twice in 2000. All in all, I probably took a Monopoly type bank error of +$5300 and turned it into -$15000. Just by you asking this question you are a million times smarter than me. Go ahead and pay the University back the 2000 euro. You are probably not the only person who received the error and their financial division will figure out why they are hundreds of thousands unbalanced.
My Moesha had the same toy as a puppy. It lasted two hours. She has since become much more gentle with her toys.
That was really a boring interview.
One of the best days of my life. Classic jailbreak ending. No sooner the buzzer sounds mj and the entire team run off the court like they've stolen something. After games one and two at msg this was so satisfying. What I loved about the 93 team, the two biggest plays of the year, everyone touched the ball on defense against Charles Smith: Jordan denied Starks, king made his best defensive play as a bull on ewing, grant, pippen and Jordan all denied Smith at the rim and Armstrong milked away the final seconds with the layup. Game six vs the Suns was basically the same thing only on offense. Jordan to Armstrong to Jordan to pippen to Grant to pax. The ball barely touched the floor. What a great team!
Bro. I signed in at six and my post wasn't accepted. Tried again at 6:01 same story.
I felt like Nicole waiting for azan's Visa
Winter spinoff?
Why are you defensive when we are teaming up on you four on one?
55% of 250 lbs is still more than being attracted to 90% of a 150 lb woman.
very short video. would like to see more picks as the result of pressure. I only saw two.
Charles Johnson was a trade-deadline acquisition. Herbert Perry was a mid-season addition, as well. I think that's your biggest snub. Herbert Perry was definitely a huge lift to the Sox in 2000, but Crede's D and TWTW were not measured very well. I would also like to platoon shortstop, but platoon it offensively and defensively. Uribe is the designated defensive SS and Valentin comes in as the designated hitter shortstop. Tony Graffanino was still on the 2005 white sox as he probably had the biggest play of the postseason for the Sox.
Thanks boy genius. I said he made one of the biggest plays for the White Sox in 2005, dingus.
If we ever have a white sox trivia competition, you're our anchor.
Just last night I asked"who is Kate Spade"
I'm a Florida alum and a Florida fan. I dislike the fanbase- so it's pretty easy to assume that most other fanbases do too.
On the bright side, I have never seen a polka-dot, studded-trimmed dual-compartment casket for your on-the-go-lifestyle before.
Could you stop with your face?
Sure. And then pass.
Blasphemy.
They were unraveled before the blown call. They were unraveled after the blown call. Championship teams are made of whatever it takes to rise above whatever gets in their way. It's like the 2003 Cubs. They allowed one tiny moment destroy what they spent 8 months building. Do you think FSU got 100% of the calls in their favor this season? I don't know the first thing about softball, mostly because I don't care to learn, but I will tell you this, you can't have a left handed catcher with his glove on the first base side of the plate. That throw was perfect and it was a perfect tag to the extent of her capabilities. But the tag just looks funky and it takes a long time. The UCLA player just looks safe. A right-handed catcher just slaps the tag on the foot and we move on-- probably to emplode in the next inning. You cant depend on perfect umpiring or even perfect instant replay. Adding instant replay to the world series of college softball is unfair to the teams who didn't make it to the tournament and whose seasons could have been affected by an overturned call. And you can't add instant replay to all division one softball games because so few are even broadcast... For good reason. The leagues, universities and networks take a bath financially on programming the tournament I'm sure they're not chomping at the bit to assume any further expenses. That game will be most remembered by that call, but it wasn't decided by it. People who whine about it incessantly just embarrass the University. The team should be remembered as a pretty good, over hyped team who was much too flawed to win a national championship, propped up by a fanbase starving for a championship. Or it could as easily just be forgotten.
The sport is growing! Now that the season is over I can focus on the pro league and Olympic or international competition that's happening this summer.
baseball and softball are two different sports.
Warriors fans [are] cheering for KD today. They like [those] one on one moves when they [are] going in. I don't hear people saying he [is] hurting the offensive movement.
Have it on vhs if youre in the area.
Jaws is the correct answer.
Jordan did this three or four times in his career. I have not seen this done since. You spend two and a half hours concerning yourself with the best player in the world, when someone else is taking a free throw you can just take a minute to breathe and relax. Wait who's got Jordan?
1.38 2. Chicago/Hackensack, NJ 3. I play seriously, but only when others aren't taking it seriously 4. Technical Fouls 5. All of them besides soccer 6. Tough to grow up in Chicago in the 80s and not watch Jordan 7. Now? I'd have to look at the roster- I guess Markannen?? Really nothing much after that to get excited about. All time??? Come on. 8. Everyone in the family, all of my friends can speak intelligently about basketball. NBA and College. 9. So many for both- I'd have to go with "the shot" It was a Saturday or Sunday morning and we had a family function. We taped the game and avoided everyone who could tell us the score. When we came home- we sent my mother into the house to see if the game was over and to rewind the tape to the beginning while my father and I waited in the garage. She actually watched the last 30 seconds of that game and came out with a straight face to tell us the game was finally over. How she was able to maintain her poker face after watching that is beyond me. This is the same woman who used to throw up before MY baseball games. Worst moment? I missed the Derrick Rose injury so I can't really say that. I turned the game off when it was no longer in doubt to meet my wife for lunch- when I reached the restaurant I had 200 text messages telling me of his fate. My worst moment was hearing about the game 7 result of the 1990 NBA ECF. I was at a minor league baseball game in Florida and the PA announcer gave the score over the loud speaker. I remember it like it was yesterday. The fucker actually gave the Bulls score first-- but it was so low I knew what was coming. He held for a dramatic pause before puking out the second score. Something like this: "The final score Chicago 74....... (pause for effect) Detroit 93." and that was that. 10. Whatever it is Stacey King is talking about.
Booker is great. Doncic and Jackson could be great. Advantage Booker.
You wouldn't say that? Why did you say that? I'm confused.
They've won 20 times! Just remember the culture from those days.
13 reasons why
It's my house. You just live there. Anyone not named Draymond is invited.
Uniforms aren't even skin deep. Who gives a shit what they're wearing? Let's win some games.
Do you think Travis Best has a bulls travis best Jersey at his house?
Magic coming in and shaking John Paxsons hand and telling the bulls congratulations almost made me tear up. LeBron will lose his sixth nba finals tonight. Zero point zero chance he does that.
Who pitches game two in 2019? Id like to have a Lefty follow covey on opening day. Rondon?
It's been a long time. Sorry. Rodon.
Don't forget Wayne Gretzky. Few could match his dominance.
He doesn't play with seventh picks.
If this series came down to bell boxing out, the warriors would have been fucked.
Still whining. Much better teams have overcome much worse calls in much more compelling sports. The fact that you know the name of the umpire in a women's softball game is extremely troubling.
Auburn's de-mize.
The problem is, if the bulls pick Sexton or Young, some might still think it's because they are worried about Dunn. They're picking the best player they can at seven. If it so happens they think the best player is a seven foot Finnish player who shoots threes does that mean they're unhappy with Markannen? Cowley and Vincent Goodwill should move to Falujah and just stop writing.
Corruption? The hundreds of dollars that are at stake during a softball game.
Exactly. Do you know what corruption is?
This call is over a week old. It had zero bearing on the tournament. Florida had every opportunity to not give up a 4-2 lead in the UCLA game and not be eliminated the day after. The team was a good but not great team. The entitled florida fan who behaves this way absolutely embarrasses the University. Ask the players, coaches and the reporters who follow this team if this one call had any effect on this team and you'll get the same answer. But little whiny crybabies who don't understand that there are calls that go your way and calls that don't go your way who wear Tim tebow goggles just don't get what it is to be a special team who win a championship. Even with instant replay they could have called that broad from UCLA safe. Then what? Stop the whining.
I like women's sports. Basketball, tennis, golf, soccer track swimming and diving. Softball is not a sport.
Who do I hate?
No. You're whining because you posted about a bad call a week later. If you think that's the worst call you have not watched much sports and you should ask someone before you post next time.
So who did the conspiracy to keep Florida from maintaining a 4-1 lead benefit?
Great movie. Awful song.
You can't spell Chris Beck without DFA.
His sixth start should be all star game. Only shame is if he throws a complete game shutout in all star game it doesn't guarantee us home field in world series anymore.
I lived there in 2011-12. Don't remember which year but we had a four game set in Fenway. Had tickets to all four games, but could only go to three. I just couldn't spend four straight days with those people at the most uncomfortable park in the league.
You know what I hate?
Rick Renteria hit grounders to me in 1993, so Rick Renteria.
Loopholes!
I do very little imagining involving men's packages or women's sports. I like to imagine if a boy were to be born who can swim as fast as a shark.
Ben Wallace knows how cheap the Bulls are.
people sit. it happens all the time.
I don't understand how giving him a day off would hurt his progress? He's .202/.250/.626 since coming back. I think that his only days off this year have been days he's missed to injury and just from a quick reference to games he's played after not playing the day before either just from a natural day off or coming back from injury he's: .279/.395/.605 (11 games) Those stats are my own and I don't trust them as much as you might not. But if they're anywhere close- let him just watch A game, especially since Trayce Thompson isn't the backup 2nd baseman and Rondon can definitely fill in respectably. xoxo
You see? I messed up- it's .202/.250/.376 since he's back and .279/.395/.605 after days off. BA/OBP/Slug
If that doesn't get you fired up...
oohfah strike one was framed worse than OJ.
wait... what?
That's not passive. That's clueless. This kid is dealing.
You are the gatorest person I've ever read.
Let's get out of here while the getting is good.
Same person, right? Yep- Gatorestest of the gatorest.
Last day of school was June 12th. My parents made me go to bed before the end of the game. I am about to become a father, I will never abuse my child like that.
ELIColorBlind-which I am. Why the hardon for these jerseys as opposed to blue. Are people more fans of the uniform than the city or the players? The Bears have won 8 of their 9 championships before color television and film were universal. I wonder if any of you would care what they wore back then.
Are teams that set already in their own evaluations to be jockeying up and down the draft board?
My wife complains about my unenergetic organ pretty much daily
The title pretty much fills in our most glaring hole. I welcome the challenge.
It's an okay analogy on the timeline. But Billy started with much less in a state with very few homegrown prospects. In baseball, gators were an underachieving power who made the world series regularly under Lopez and reached the champ series only two years before O'Sullivan with McMahon. Regardless let's get florida another cws champ.
Eh- if he gets shelled- next week he gets to do it all over again. THAT SAID. Let's get a 10-inning perfect game.
I like the idea. I'd like the idea more if I liked this draft class at all. That's been my problem with the tank this whole time. Your tank needs to coincide with a generational type player or at least a bunch of can't miss prospects available in the draft. I think there are a bunch of good players in this draft, but no franchise makers. I also think any of the top ten guys that go are as likely to be all-stars by year four or in Turkey. That is why I'm hesitant to trade for picks. I think whoever it is that will help the bulls the most next year or two or three years from now is probably already in the nba. Bulls just need to be creative.
Start working out. Work on your game and make the team. Then you can get an authentic Jersey with your name on it.
All-star.
horrible with two outs and tim anderson on deck? i'll take my chances.
Kevan?
Trayce got us a run and he's probably just given it back.
I feel like Ricky does the Nature Boy chest slap when he goes out and talks to the pitchers. Does Renteria mean Flair in spanish?
11 GB.
People think it's deep because everyone is equally average. There isn't one player who you can say will change his team overnight. Not saying there isn't one out there, but every player carries more questions than answers. It's not like years where you've got one or two guys who everyone is clamoring over. Why do you think this sub is jerking itself off for a kid who scored thirty points in college? They've seen everyone else out there and theyd prefer the unknown.
Major League 2 said three was a winning streak. Not sure if that changes our math.
I threw a Nokia 5120 out of a moving vehicle during game 3 of the 2000 ALDS.
I did go back for it. It was a Nokia 5120 those things were made by NASA. The car was only moving like 5 mph- I just say that for added effect. I was just trying to slam it on the seat and it bounced off something on my seat and out the window. So when I say "threw it out of a moving vehicle..."
WIIFM?
Loren and Loren. You could team Loren up with Jesus, Einstein, Dr. Martin Luther King or anyone and it would be the worst couple.
Tldr I skip everyone I know! Now you can too.
Same woman also hashtags #actress #executiveproducer #hollywoodmogul #writer #director #citizenkane #inventoroffilm #thomasedison #generalrealtivity #bigbang #stephenhawking Just add #nofilter to the hashtag with little meaning list.
I have a German name. We had a rough time there in the 20s and 30s. Don't live there no more. Look it up.
If a story line included Loren swimming through the polar bear exhibit at the Brookfield zoo I'd be interested. Otherwise, I'd change the channel so fast Loren's head would start to twitch.
Pass. Spin off on David. Prequel with David. All cable network devoted to David.
First right thing they've done. The United Nations is a complete disgrace. For them to even have a human rights council is absurd.
For those of you who are down voting do you know who is actually on the human rights council?
How does staying on the council benefit America? We should be concerned about humans whose rights are not being realized. Countries like Burundi and Venezuela should not be determining those rights.
Gary Anderson's shank.
Build around Deng.
Quezzie was the best all around player. Lito Sheppard should be on this list.
