"Ooh, a funnel. That'll be good for funnelling."
&gt; This is the first I've heard of a mandatory hold at altitude. No one said anything about a mandatory hold. Just that it is mandatory to *have the capability* to hold at 14k, just in case the situation calls for it. Which may or may not be the case (I don't know), but the point is that the individual in question wasn't saying a hold is mandatory at 14k--only that the capability to do so is.
&gt; That means they do care, at least just a little. No, that's not what "could care less" means. Language isn't a math problem. Idioms have meanings independent of the sum of their parts. I mean, given that they've gone to the trouble of clarifying what they mean by "educational" I think they in fact *do* care, and I have no interest in going against that. But in terms of your understanding of the meaning of the idiomatic phrase "could care less," you're wrong.
If you're using Simbrief, your only option is Navigraph.
FREENEY!
&gt; No one has played on that field in over a month. Carolina hosted the Washington Racistnames on Nov. 22.
Marquette King would like a word with you.
But how can he be bad? They made a movie about him and everything!
One person keeps his thumb on a certain part of a certain link that they select on the sidelines because it's right on one of the marked lines. They set that point on that link over the proper line, and go from there.
So he's not the linebackers coach, he's the *outer* linebackers coach. Didn't realize coaching staffs got this specialized. I'm waiting for some team to hire a blocking TE coach and a receiving TE coach.
How in the fuck is "He's pretty good but I think we're better" trash talk?
"the 5" I moved to Southern California from Indiana four years ago, and calling it "the" still jars me. But I've also unconsciously started doing it myself, at least for highways in Southern California. Anywhere else, it's still "I-" this or "US" that or "State Road" whatever.
Did you read the post?
&gt; Pats have won the majority of the time they've faced each other in the playoffs. Blatantly not true.
Except it's not.
So what you're saying is, you're not paying attention?
Yes, and?
Reality begs to differ.
How can it be a hit to the helmet if there wasn't a hit to the helmet? It was to the shoulder.
Why would it be? It was shoulder-to-shoulder.
Going out of bounds is one thing; not returning immediately is another. The latter is what got the 15-yarder.
The intent behind the rule is that the specific behavior they're trying to prevent *is* poor sportsmanship, at least in my opinion. The problem, of course, which you seem to be alluding to is that that isn't always the intent of someone who does that, and gauging that can be difficult at best.
s/quarter/possession/
But taxes are slavery!
Exactly!
&gt; The problem here is drivers being inattentive or careless. So you're saying that's responsible for literally 100% of cases of someone backing over children?
Is the MLB.TV stream shitty for anyone else this afternoon?
THE HOMER STREAK LIVES!
&gt; long Yes. &gt; well-reasoned Not really. You don't fight oppression with instruments of violence. All that does is embrace the terms of the oppressors, where they automatically have the upper hand. And violence is not "self-defense." There is no such thing as "defensive" use of a gun unless you're literally just using your bullets to knock the other guy's bullets out of the air. Anything else is just responding to assault with more assault, which only perpetuates the cycle of violence. It's morally indefensible.
For the same reason that it's a free society when you're not allowed to kidnap or assault people--because doing so is an infringement upon the liberties of others, just like gun possession is.
No, it doesn't. A same-sex couple is not in any meaningful sense free to express their affection for one another when they have to worry about whether the jackass across the street who is clearly incensed by their very existence is packing heat and inclined to use it. Whether said jackass actually has any intent is irrelevant; the couple has no way of knowing that, and that imposes a restriction on their meaningful freedom to act.
So you're not part of the reality-based community?
&gt; Who says 401 people represent a state. So you don't know how statistical sampling works? Because it works damn good.
&gt; Low income workers don't always have the liquidity to deal with emergencies. The solution to that is to respect basic human rights by making access to an equal share of social wealth an unconditional guarantee, not yet more predatory capitalism.
&gt; reasonable and rational &gt; John Kasich lol. Nothing "reasonable and rational" about union-busting and increasing the already-oppressive grip of authoritarian capitalism over our lives.
How is backing up your claim that Democrats are anti-gun irrelevant to a discussion about whether or not Democrats are anti-gun?
You're right, in principle. Hillary Clinton should be moving left; we shouldn't have to swallow our pride and vote for her if she doesn't budge an inch. But we have an opportunity to vote for her and prevent the worst from happening. So if she doesn't come around and we refuse to vote for her, and consequently Trump wins--the fact that we shouldn't have had to swallow our pride doesn't absolve us of moral responsibility for the outcome if we had the opportunity to prevent it and refused to do so. Fuck that shit. My pride is not more important than the lives of millions of people, and neither is yours.
Muhammad Ali did not kill. That alone makes him better than those who did.
Yes, and? I mean, I get wanting to change it, and I get wanting to take care of it sooner rather than later while one's still thinking about it, but why would it matter materially if it went through before the general or not? As long as it's done before the next primary, that's the important thing.
There's a Seinfeld joke to be made here...
&gt; REPORTING AP RESULTS ON MONDAY THAT SUPPOSEDLY NOBODY KNEW ABOUT. The AP count's been going on for months. It's well-known. All that wasn't known was the exact date on which the presumptive winner would be named. Notice that the image doesn't say "AP delegate count, DD/MM/YY" or anything like that. The date in the filename suggests it was created Saturday, but it could just have easily been created in February for release whenever the delegate count put Hillary Clinton in an insurmountable lead, and if that never happened then it just wouldn't be released.
Is Congress going to go apeshit over this?
&gt; irresponsible gun activity Redundant. All gun activity is irresponsible.
Christ has taught me to love him, so that he may see the error of his ways, repent, and become a force for social justice. All are redeemable, no matter what they've done. Killing is not an act of love.
Have you heard his accelerationist rhetoric? Pure privilege blindness.
That what's absolutely ludicrous about it. Anyone who would seriously consider that sort of jump is either a fucking idiot or doesn't actually care about Bernie Sanders's policy positions. I do care about Bernie Sanders's policy positions, and support them, and that's why I'm backing Hillary Clinton--because Hillary Clinton will actually be able to get some of them done. This election isn't about me and what I feel "comfortable" with. It's about the outcomes it's going to have on real, living, breathing human beings. Fuck narcissism...
You don't know what you're talking about. The term "libertarian" was coined by Joseph de Jacque explicitly to refer to anti-capitalist movements.
&gt; Bernie Sanders is talking about something bigger. He's also not going to win in November. He's not even going to be in the ballot in November. Frankly, even though I agree with him more than I do with Clinton, I don't even want him to be President anymore because over the last month and a half he has shown that he has the temperament to get precisely zero things he supports done. Clinton will at least be able to get some of the things that she and Sanders both support done, which is more than zero. That's why I voted for her Tuesday, even though I would have felt better voting for Sanders. Because my vote doesn't belong to me. It's a public trust, to be used for the good of all of us. And given that I'm fairly certain Clinton would be able to make more progress on a positive progressive agenda than Sanders would, that means it's my duty to the public to vote for her, however much I might dislike it.
Go ahead, I downvote for disagreement all the time.
&gt; lightly regulated free markets &gt; personal liberty Make up your mind--"free markets" or personal liberty? Because they're mutually-exclusive.
&gt; A system by which one can go about owning private property In other words, an oppressive, authoritarian system. Private property is a coercive institution that is incompatible with individual liberty.
I've never been in such a situation. And maybe you're right--maybe I would have a less than compassionate response. I'm a human, after all; moments of extreme stress and trauma aren't necessarily my best moments. But if I did respond in a less than compassionate manner, I would be in the wrong.
The irony is that the real progressives are the ones who will, in the end, close their eyes, hold their nose, and vote for Clinton--because they're the ones who actually care about making progress towards a progressive agenda, and voting for Clinton will end up being the only way to make that happen at all. The ones who will throw a petulant fit never actually cared about creating positive outcomes for people. They're not actually progressives--they're just narcissists who want to make everything about them, and "progressivism" wasn't a cause they actually cared about for its own right but a fashion accessory, to be thrown aside when actually working towards it gets in the way of making everything about them.
Just because you don't know what you're talking about doesn't make everything you've decided isn't as it should be a conspiracy.
Seems like issues of political philosophy come ip here more than poli sci shit, though.
&gt; because it assumed everything she says is the truth Why is that a problematic assumption, any more than any other politician? &gt; disregards her flip-flops in the past You mean how she changed her mind, which is something thinking people do on a regular basis? At any rate, it'd be easier to take that objection seriously if people started condemning Tulsi Gabbard for the exact same thing. But of course they won't--she's a hero because she's on "our" side. At this point it's just fucking reactionary tribalism. &gt; Also, I feel like you're assuming Clinton would be able to get more done than Bernie. I'm assuming nothing. She has a track record of getting shit through. Sanders doesn't.
&gt; It's another step towards amnesty Good, that's what we need. &gt; Which for many like my father's family who had to wait 10+ years for a visa is a slap in the face. "I had to suffer, so everyone else should have to suffer too!" Why is the response never "I had to suffer, so I know how shitty it is so I want to make sure no one else ever has to go through what I had to go through"?
"My man, he's hot and steamy."
AN INCREDIBLE BATTLE FOR 16TH PLACE, GUYS!
Stop talking about these drivers' packages...
SECOND POST!
Get a Laserdisc Einstein
How is this different conceptually from dial-up Internet?
&gt; Homophobia is an inherent part of the muslim religion So you don't know how religion works?
Under capitalism, they're the same.
Just ban all firearms. They're instruments of oppression that have no place in a free society.
I was at the old Riverside track the other day. The JC Penney store there is the only store in the Inland Empire I know of that carries my preferred New Balance style, it seems.
We don't need to repeal it. We can just ignore it. It's a piece of paper. It only has power because we choose to let it; so let's stop letting it have power. There is absolutely no reason why those of us in the present should be bound by the tyranny of the past.
&gt; Except she's not a progressive. She's the status quo candidate. Thus why I said "at least halt movement away from it." Because in the real world, we're stuck with the options actually in front of us. If one option is movement away from a progressive agenda, and the other option is holding the line, holding the line might not be ideal but it's clearly better than the other actually-available option. In the real world, sometimes that's the best you can do, and I think this election might be one of those times. You do the best you can and regroup for another push next time around. &gt; Refusing to vote for the status quo candidate means your not a progressive? Refusing to stop backsliding on a progressive agenda absolutely does mean you're not a progressive. &gt; Are you seriously claiming to know whether or not people you've never met care about progressive ideas based on not wanting to vote for someone who represents the status quo? I'm claiming to know based on whether or not they're interested in actually doing what they can to at least preserve what we've got in an environment where that's the only actually-available alternative to throwing everything away altogether. &gt; Not wanting to vote for a candidate you disagree with on so many important issues is pretty reasonable. Not when the only other actually-possible alternative is a million times worse.
That's because they're narcissists, not progressives.
So...what you're saying is, you're fine with condemning hundreds of millions of people to four years of misery and shit just because you want to send a message?
&gt; First, spouses cooperating to conspire and/or commit crimes are generally (depends on jurisdiction) prohibited from invoking spousal privilege. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75iv3RKQUAM
Oh, I know. Point is, the "natural rights" nonsense can be used to support any outcome you want (and I happen to want a complete ban on firearms), not just the ones that the right-wingers who scream it most loudly want.
God, I love the Saturday home uniforms.
To be fair to the BBWAA, though, fuck the DH.
But I heard that too much of nothing can make a man feel ill at ease--one man's temper might rise, while another man's temper might freeze!
Except right-"libertarians" are also authoritarian fascists. Have you read Ayn Rand?
What time of year do you go? There are all sorts of other events that go on there that you might be interested in too.
It really is, given the damage Trump can wreak. Preventing a disaster is a damn good reason to elect a less-than-ideal candidate when that's the only viable, real-world-possible alternative to disaster. It's like that guy who cut his arm off after it was trapped under a rock out in the middle of nowhere. Sure, he would have preferred to have gotten out of that situation while keeping his arm, but after a bit it became clear that that wasn't an actually possible option.
Believe it or not, colleges emphasize thinking about things, and once inculcated it's a habit that sticks with you.
What are you talking about? Wide receiver Steve Smith won Super Bowl XLII as a member of the New York Giants!
At my last industrial job, we were fine with it taking longer. We got paid by the hour, after all, and not nearly enough to make us willing to risk life or limb.
To be fair to actual Christians, "conservative Christian" is a contradiction in terms. There's nothing "conservative" about "the last shall be first" and "the meek shall inherit the Earth." Christ was all about equality and overturning hierarchies; these people are doing Satan's work by opposing Christ's message.
So, a shit guest?
God, I love United's grey paint scheme. Why can't Congress pass a law that gives me absolute authority over how airlines paint their planes? We'd stick with United grey, Southwest's canyon blue, American would go back to the bare metal, Delta can keep what they've got but 30% of their fleet has to be in the Northwest bowling shoe livery.
Whose position on same-sex marriage "evolved" in the exact same way they attack Clinton for.
That was with her father. She talks more about it [here](http://michiganradio.org/post/congresswoman-dingell-writes-letter-asking-snyder-veto-gun-changes#stream/0)
No one's rights are heing taken away, though. Guns aren't a right, because there's no such thing as the right to oppress others. Pro-gun = anti-freedom
&gt; Debrecen to Swansea Never played ETS, but is the English Channel just not a thing?
Quite frankly, the Second Amendment is wrong, and so we need not concern ourselves with it. In effect, it doesn't count, precisely because all it does is purport to create a "right" to oppress others. It's just a piece of paper. We're free to ignore it if it tends towards greater oppression. Pro-gun = anti-freedom
&gt; It wasn't a chicken. It was a baby. Fuck, and I had just gotten over my M*A*S*H addiction. Now it's going to start all over again.
Best lettuce in baseball!
To be fair, though, capitalism *is* pretty shitty amd we *can* do better. It's just that it's not going to happen overnight, and in the meantime we have anobligation to minimize the mass suffering capitalism produces to the extent that we can. Fuck accelerationism.
&gt; throwing shade The fuck does that even mean? I'm in my early 30s, yes, but i've spent the last decade and a half in a university setting, so I shouldn't be *that* detached from the hip lingo these days. But apparently I am.
Teach college; can confirm.
&gt; call for dismantling the military I do. I'm a Christian, after all. &gt; suspension a constitutionally-guaranteed right without due process, which is an EXTREMELY dangerous precedent Not really. We have brains; we're capable of distinguishing between tools of oppression and protections against oppression. They're very different; it's not hard to tell one from the other.
Neither of which have any basis for going anywhere.
&gt; This country wouldn't exist if it wasn't for armed resistance against the British Monarchy. It also wouldn't exist if it weren't for slavery. Should we bring back slavery? (actually we still have another form of slavery--capitalist employment--but that's not what I'm referring to here, because unfortunately that shit's still widely acceptable so it has little rhetorical value in this case) &gt; They can be tools of oppression if used by evil men or tools of freedom if used by good men. No matter who uses them, their mere presence is oppressive. If a same-sex couple sees some joker packing heat as they're going down the street, they have no way to know if that joker is going to be inclined to shoot them for expressing their affection in public, and so regardless of said joker's intentions the mere presence of the gun creates a chilling effect on the expression of difference. &gt; I guess you missed the part of the second amendment where it says "the right to bear arms shall not be infringed" It's not that I missed it; it's that, like I said, it's not important. After all, the Constitution doesn't grant rights--it only enjoins Congress from infringing on natural rights that exist regardless. However, there is actually no natural right to keep and bear arms (the framers were mistaken on that point), so Congress can do whatever it wants without infringing on "the right to keep and bear arms" since it's impossible to infringe on something that doesn't exist. &gt; I think President JFK would've disagreed with you, he was a life member of the NRA. Who gives a shit? Pretty sure JFK's not God, so I'm not obligated to accept something just because he said so.
&gt; taking in hordes of refugees without due process is stupid as fuck Wasn't aware that human decency was "stupid as fuck," thanks for keeping me updated.
Fuck I've been meaning to go to a Storm game since I moved to the IE...
[Official Brexit theme song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ysgG3zNUOg)
Well, apparently everyone who voted "remain" is a non-real person, so there you have it.
Why?
And you're not so big
And now we're back to "if it's not as bad as it could possibly be, it's not a problem at all"...
The reason I prefer FIFA Manager even though everyone tells me to get Football Manager is because in FIFA Manager you can do all the GM stuff.
Clenchenthal
does that mean infinity ERA?
&gt; It's a frustratingly common thing to construct arguments around word etymologies when they don't really apply. DAE EASTER IS A PAGAN FESTIVAL? Пасха, motherfuckers.
Not really. Every vote for not Clinton is functionally indistinguishable from support for Trump, because it reduces the number of votes Trump needs to win and so helps him.
&gt; There is a preponderance of EVIDENCE to suggest foul play. There really isn't, but keep on making shit up if it makes you feel better about yourself.
So what you're saying is, you're taken in by hyperbole and you don't actually understand what you're talking about?
Because the guy over the ball was a last-minute injury replacement who never got the message that he wasn't supposed to ever actually snap it. It was a major cluster-fuck all around.
Those particular cars are, perhaps. What about the cars that *aren't* in the frame?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YEvPRbVK-I
"The non-Nazi doesn't make me absolutely ecstatic with delight, so I'm going to reduce the number of votes the Nazi needs to win by one."
If you're willing to let tens of millions of people get shit on because someone's tone on the Internet wasn't perfectly to your liking, well, you're not exactly doing anything to make my point any less accurate.
&gt; My life will not change with the election of either one of these candidates. So you're just another privilege-blind narcissistic "fuck you got mine" right-winger. Got it.
"fuck you got mine fuck you got mine fuck you got mine fuck you got mine" These right-wing reactionary faux-"progressives" are virtually indistinguishable from ancaps (who, I should note, are of course not actually anarchists at all but authoritarians).
You're entirely to blame for whether or not you allow your hurt feelings to make you complicit in putting a Nazi in the White House.
Just curious, but why is it like that? Is it to allow readers to more easily make marginal annotations?
&gt; I'm getting tired of being labeled a racist because I think we should have some controls over immigration. You're being called a racist because immigration controls are inherently racist. God created all the world for all humanity; we have no right to restrict people's movement about it just because they came from the wrong side of an arbitrary and morally irrelevant line on a map.
Economics is not normative. It's only "shitty economics" if you're expecting different outcomes than what it will actually produce.
So you're just persisting in your dual inability to read and make crucial distinctions between what is and is not arbitrary?
Please don't mock actual triggers. Trauma isn't a joke.
Why can't we do both?
By K you mean Knight, right? :)
So you don't know what you're talking about?
&gt; arbitrary You're welcome to try again once you've learned what that word means and can apply it properly.
Tax the rich more. They're a bunch of parasites anyway.
So you're just making shit up?
Wow, that's...kinda shitty.
Because the Confederate flag represents hate and slavery, and the rainbow flag does not. There's a huge moral difference there.
Neither of which are actually bad, of course. It's just that reactionaries don't know what "safe spaces" actually are and hate "political correctness" because it gets in the way of being shitty to people and punching down.
I'm sorry to hear that you've chosen to follow the false vision of God painted by Satan and his minions. I'll be praying for you to see the light, so that you might cease to serve the devil.
She's also not going to get elected, so in the real world that's not actually an available option.
Progressive is not an absolute reference. It's hardly ideal, but it's still better than what we've got--thus, it's progressive in the only sense that matters. It's also the best of the options that are actually politically available to us.
Generally, I think the FSE Board is grossly incompetent. The new monthly aircraft fees are the latest example of that. After years of telling us over and over that our planes are ours to keep, that planes of inactive players would never be taken from them, on a lark and with no warning whatsoever they go and turn those years of promises on their head. At the same time, there is a specific purpose to FSE, and tubeliners really aren't compatible with that.
Given that guns are oppressive cancers on society, restricting access to them is the opposite of taking away civil liberties. It's a pro-freedom measure. Why do you hate freedom so much?
I'm not. Guns are tools of oppression. They are incompatible with, and so have no place in, a free society. Guns are the instruments by which the privileged and powerful enforce social control on the marginalized. All guns need to be banned. Everyone who values freedom and individual liberty appreciates and acknowledges this. Pro-gun = anti-freedom.
...what?
"I'm goinna spill the beans on youah wahife." "What could you possibly have on my wife, Mr. Trump?" "She's an ugly whoah."
But he was a Marine! He was a Marine! He was a Marine!
Except in reality, where he wasn't. This particular sub is reserved for realith-based statements only. Shit you just made up does not belong here.
Maybe there's a way to earn an amateur radio license without ever reading a damn thing. I wouldn't know, because that's not a possibility I've ever investigated; I just know about the approach I used, which involved a shitton of reading.
So what you're saying is, you haven't actually bothered to think about things for more than two seconds or to step out of your own limited assumptions and perspective?
Not terribly, really they're concerned that you have the technical knowhow to operate safely (which basically means knowing enough to know your own limits of expertise when dealing with energy sources, tower climbing, etc.) and within FCC regs. I was able to earn one and I'm so humanities4lyfe I'm earning a Ph.D. in it. Professional background is absolutely not necessary, so you're well ahead of the curve.
What a deplorable, Satanic, authoritarian idea.
She's the Mother. Calling it now. And then Ted cheats on her with Robin.
If you intend to make a career in academia, then that's an incredibly sibjective question that ultimately boils down to what interests you. If you plan on going back to high school, it's a different matter. In that case, where are you? If you're in the U.S. then I'd suspect that World and US would be your best bet, but I can't speak to how history is taught in secondary schools elsewhere.
Oh, I thought you meant Barney Frank.
GOD IS A BOOB MAN! Actually, of course, God's not a man at all. Attempting to shoehorn the divine into human categories is, quite frankly, blasphemous.
&gt; even if they do not align with reality There is no objective reality to which any identity attaches. All identities are human conceptual constructs. Picking and choosing which you recognize is just another form of Satanic bigotry.
Perhaps that wasn't the best choice of words; I was referring to the ability to actually get meaningful shit done.
&gt; Swap Addai with ~~Edge~~ ~~Faulk~~ Dickerson
"False start, offense, number 78."
Sierra Pro Pilot or GTFO.
That doesn't absolve the voters of their moral obligation, and they need to change too.
&gt; Issues of border security, Borders are a crime against humanity. The lines we draw among ourselves are offensive to God. &gt; immigration Since God created all the world for all humanity, we don't have the right to restrict anyone's movement among it just because they came from the wrong side of an arbitrary and a morally-irrelevant line on a map. Border controls and immigration restrictions of any sort are the work of Satan. &gt; terrorism You mean like when cops murder black people in the streets with impunity? That kind of terrorism? Or the terrorism committed when the government of Israel perpetrates its genocide against the Palestinian people? &gt; outsourcing The real problem is the authoritarian slave system known as "capitalism," which is destructive, cancerous, and oppressive. Complaints over "outsourcing" sets us against our brothers and sisters on the other side of a bunch of arbitrary and morally-irrelevant lines on a map, and makes it easier for the capitalist class to exploit us. &gt; Obamacare Far from ideal (it still relies on capitalism, after all), but it's a hell of a lot better than what came before and a damn sight better than any of the alternatives the party of Orange Hitler is proposing.
Regardless of their claimed religious affiliation, we can say with absolute certainty that *no* decent, moral people voted for Orange Hitler.
There's no right to own guns. Guns are instruments of oppression, and there's no such thing as the right to oppress others. Pro-gun = anti-freedom.
Communism is God's will. Communism is the fulfillment of what God intended: a society where we are all free to pursue and achieve our God-given potential, without having to subordinate ourselves to the will of another person simply to survive. God intended us to be free to live our lives as we please, so long as we don't harm others, and within that constraint the consequences of our choice to live in concord or conflict with God's will falls on us alone. That is only possible in a world in which we are all guaranteed a full share of social wealth, so that we are not subject to a hierarchical social order in which access to the means of production is structured so that we are coerced by material necessity into subordinating ourselves to the will of another simply to avoid starvation--in other words, that is only possible in a communist society.
Is this the article you meant to link?
You mean the work that took place on the backs of the poor, impoverished, exploited, and oppressed around the world?
So you're pretending like all that's isolated from US imperialism? It wouldn't have happened without it.
...innovation that took place on the backs of the victims of US imperialism.
I'll respond to the reality-based portions of your post:
Wanna have some fun? Book a flight on a 757 out of Santa Ana. The combination of ludicrously overpowered plane, short runway, and local noise restrictions means you'll think you're riding a rocket on takeoff.
OP seems to be an international arrival. This might change things a bit. As an international arrival, after getting through customs and immigration you'll have to recheck your bags and clear security again for your flight to the Bay Area (I think, it's been a while since I've had an international arrival followed immediately by a domestic connection, so maybe they've since redesigned things so you never exit the post-security area during the process). Depending on time of day and season, that can involve a few additional hours of standing in line and waiting. It will still almost certainly take less time as a whole than, say, Megabus would (7-8 hour trip, plus about an hour to get from LAX to Union Station, plus however long you have to wait for the bus to leave), but it may be worth it to avoid the hassle.
OP is flying into LAX from Sydney. Not really a lot of alternative options for the arrival, and then once you're already there anyway then given Southwest's insanely convenient Bay Area service out of LAX there's really nothing to be gained from going to another airport.
Except they're coming from Sydney, so they're already arriving at LAX, and once you're already there anyway...
If you're upset about his actions, you're deplorable.
Stop with your reality-free false equivalence. Saying "you don't get to harm people you want to harm" is not harming anyone.
Has there ever been a more appropriate name for a linebacker than "Mercilus"?
These obviously-staged shots of Dungy and Harrison "casually talking football" or whatever they're supposed to be doing are seriously the dumbest things ever.
Any ball is uncatchable if you tackle the receiver...
&gt; Calls are totally going our way this game. Yup. &gt; So different from past years. Nope.
Why the hell does CBS still not have a live streaming service? Any other major network--definitely anyone that carries sports events I want to see--I can stream through DirecTV.
I was annoyed on Parks and Rec that they kept calling it the "DMV." No, it's not. In Indiana it's the *Bureau* of Motor Vehicles.
Holy shit Phil Simms can count and subtract!
I've never run into someone questioning his intelligence that wasn't based on the insipidness (and often simple wrongness) of his commentary.
Quod the flying fuck, they're turning *Training Day* into a TV show?
That's *exactly* what a juror is, for the time they're acting as such.
Indy is just a great airport. Its new(ish) terminal is the first to be designed and built with post-9/11 operations in mind, and it's incredibly pleasant.
Because Bernie doesn't have a vagina.
&gt; Also why instrumental? It might be more clear why if you imagine an implied станет or будет.
Use love and education to teach them why what they did was wrong (something we as a society obviously failed them in earlier) so that they'll know better and not do it again.
I'm not an lawyer; an actual lawyer will know the broader context of how this terminology has been defined/interpreted by the courts which would provide a better answer to this question, but I wonder if: &gt; B. The provisions of this section shall not apply to: &gt; ... &gt; 4. The use of a handheld personal communications device for purposes of navigation or generating audio transmission, provided that such device is physically mounted to a vehicle; would not apply to console-mounted radios? Yeah, your H/T's probably out, but who uses that while driving anyway?
No, T Y is short for Eugene.
They're like the Walter Mondale of NFL teams.
FUCK ALABAMA!
Fucking piece of shit cheaters.
I'm sure eepithst appreciates the compliment!
Plainly yes.
&gt; Liberalism is about liberty. So leftists *are* liberals, then?
&gt; Or you don't like some of the things the union supports and don't want your money to help them. If you oppose union goals, then in that case you're just a morally-bankrupt deplorable.
So you don't, then?
I mean, it's not like 4chan is chock-full of photoshop wizards or anything!
Is she going to talk about how they're mutually incompatible with one another? Because that'd be the only reality-based approach to the subject.
Yes. All human beings deserve a comfortable standard of living.
&gt; You're in /r/law and you don't understand the basic doctrine of preemption. Are you fucking illiterate? What kind of twisted-ass faux-"reasoning" did you use to draw that conclusion from anything the person you're responding to said?
Too bad. Probably not worth anyone's time to go listen to, then, if it's not going to be a reality-based talk. Guns are instruments of oppression; therefore they're incompatible with, and so have no place in, a free society. Pro-gun = anti-freedom.
&gt; Because Bernie is a socialist Hardly. Maybe you should take some time to learn what you're talking about? &gt; socialists are always angry, always wanting overnight instant change and never knowing how to compromise to get what they want (the word compromise isnt in their vocabulary) Wow, you're a fucking idiot. You've clearly never met any socialists. We'll gladly take what we can get when we can get it, because we're about making peoples' lives better, not about a purity circlejerk. You're thinking of narcissistic faux-progressive functional reactionaries, not socialists.
&gt; does not easily hate &gt; will generally seek retribution
&gt; That the article mentions Donald Trump doesn't actually make him relevant to the issue, does it? Yes. His hatred of free speech is part of the contemporary context that shapes the meaning of this episode.
&gt; Christian-based Nothing Christian about any of this. This reactionary shit is entirely Satan's doing, using his most devoted servants as his agents on earth.
Fuck, Indiana has high school basketball games with higher attendance.
And rightfully so. Because FOX makes shit up. MSNBC does not. They make honest mistakes from time to time, but that's not the same thing as making shit up as a matter of course.
&gt; which do not use moral arguments, but logic and reasoning. How do you think moral arguments are constructed? And "scientific socialism" is just an outdated artifact of modernity's peak 150 years ago. Societies don't actually work or develop like that.
Those of us who have been around long enough to remember when all VATSIM communication was done by text (hell, those of us who have been around long enough to remember when VATSIM was SATCO) (strictly speaking they're separate organizations, SATCO was dissolved and VATSIM was created *ex nihilo*, but the fact is that VATSIM was formed by almost all the bigwigs from the old SATCO) kinda sympathize with this. When you're trying to fly the plane and your only ability to communicate is through typing, you want to minimize the communication as much as you can so your hands are free to do the flying.
Yes. They're human beings, after all.
The question was not "who won the election" but "how many voters are unhappy with the results of the election."
&gt; As long as they're being paid above minimum wage If the landlord's in business for themselves (or their management company is small), then even that doesn't apply, does it?
&gt; or more than likely the manager will stop what he's doing and work your job. god forbid the parasite might have to do something of value for once...
I didn't realize late-baseball-season Joe Buck was in this sub...
You obviously don't know much about Bakersfield or Orange County.
This was a good day.
When you're really not going to be able to tell the difference anyway since you don't know the area well enough to recognize the proper ground detail, landclass that changes with the seasons, has proper night lighting, etc. is, in my opinion, preferable to photoscenery that doesn't.
How about you leave and we keep this sub a deplorable-free zone, 'k?
&gt; lol at least note that the pussy grabbing was consensual. No, it wasn't. &gt; Trump's quote "you can grab them by the pussy...and they let you." if they let you then they were obviously consenting. So you don't know what consent is or how it works?
Because Obama's black.
Go ball team!
I generally prefer Green Bay to Dallas, but I feel like Dallas has a better chance of overcoming the cheating New England Cheating Traitors' cheating in the Super Bowl, so I'm pulling for Dallas this afternoon.
fucking shit foxsportsgo just died a death
Fuck fucking shit. Now the fucking cheating New England cheating Traitors are going to be able to cheat their way to a pretend, illegitimate Super Bowl "win."
Except it's not, as you'd know if you had a functioning brain. Not resisting because you're afraid it'll get worse if you do, is not the same as consenting. This is a simple enough concept for any non-deplorable to grasp.
So, like, Barry Goldwater's approach to governing was shitty, but let's not forget his fairly important role in founding the Arizona NAACP. Which is a hell of a lot more than anything Barney Sender ever did.
There was a part of me that was wondering if the girl simply hadn't been locked in a training simulator loaded up with corpses. Obviously, that doesn't pan out when you take into account the fact that (a) the plane's entire passenger cabin was there (simulators don't have that) and (b) the girl wasn't astounded by the fact that she was on a plane (if she had been on a simulator, then either she would have known it wasn't real when she climbed on, or she had to have been drugged or something and taken there without her knowledge, in which case she wouldn't just be scared by the fact that the plane was about to crash, but wouldn't understand why she was even on a plane in the first place).
Where the fuck are the moderators?
Good. I'm glad to see them not implicitly assent to the devaluation of domestic labor.
Because she has a vagina.
&gt; he she
Yeah, because golf courses are for whites only.
Because arbitrary lines on a map are morally irrelevant, and so we have no right to exclude people or control their movement based on what side of those lines they started out from. Border controls and immigration restrictions of any sort are a crime against humanity.
&gt; Immigrating here illegally is a crime. Not necessarily.
&gt; how much of an awful heretic he was. Translation: HE'S BLACK
That's because you're deplorable, and divorced from the reality-based community.
In what universe is mass oppression + global thermonuclear war preferable to "just" mass oppression?
At first I was like, "That's literally impossible," then I remembered that ties are a thing. I don't object to ties being a thing. I think ties are pretty cool. It's just that I forgot that they *were* a thing.
&gt; I voted Libertarian my friend. So you hate freedom? Because *laissez-faire* capitalism is a fundamentally authoritarian mode of socioeconomic organization.
&gt; No, they want us to pay them for the privelage of sorting and distributing the containers to their locations. No, they want you to pay for the cost the state incurs to minimize the environmental impact of your consumption choices. Which is perfectly reasonable. And if you do some of that work yourself instead, they refund it to you. Don't like it? Change your consumption habits.
Why is that a deficiency? The skills required to serve the morally-bankrupt, Satan-driven interests of Mammon are not the same as the skills required to serve the public good. And frankly, why should we value the former over the latter? I doubt I'd be able to hack it in the Mafia. I fail to see how that's a bad thing.
&gt; Shouldn't hard work and efficiency be beneficial both in the private sector Hard work at manipulating and exploiting and taking advantage of others for selfish gain is not the same kind of hard work required to expand the body of human knowledge and share it with others to advance humanity. And how much "hard work" those who profit actually engage in is highly questionable. Remember the old Wobbly slogan: "Whenever someone tells you they got rich through hard work, ask them: whose?" &gt; we're talking about the ones who do it because they can't do anything else and it strokes the ego. In other words, people who for all practical purposes don't exist? Why are you arguing about ghosts?
&gt; But let's not pretend that there's some balance of forces in the debate between Western-grade progressivism and fundamentalism in Islam when it comes to women's issues, ok? It's not pretending if it's true. Maybe you should consider joining the reality-based community sometime. We have cake.
President Berzelius Windrip?
"Tom Brady" "Aaron Rodgers" "Matt Ryan" "Big Ben" One of these things is not like the others.
"I have the most compassion. No one has more compassion than me. Look how much I compassioned in New York with all those buildings, I compassioned bigly!"
So basically, he's going to fuck over everyone?
&gt; That's where the whole "Trump" thing comes in. The best (and worst) thing about him is he has no vested interest in any of this. Holy shit you've drank the kool-aid. &gt; He's already wealthy beyond measure, *and will be even more-so when he leaves office.* So...he *does* have a vested interest in all of this? Because all that new wealth sure as shit isn't going to materialize out of thin air.
&gt; rig the fucking game This is not a reality-based statement. Stop making shit up. We get enough gaslighting with Orange Hitler's "alternative facts," we don't need it from you too.
&gt; They are painting Trump in a horrible light without giving him a chance Either we assume he means what he says or we assume he's lying. Neither of these is really a positive, you know...
"If it doesn't turn the world upside-down in an instant, it's pointless!" You're an idiot.
How in the fuck are these narcissistic privilege-blind anti-identity-politics reactionaries *anything* even *approaching* "far-left"? Are you quite sure you know what you're talking about? The last time I heard anyone say "identity politics are a distraction," all the far-leftists I know "Not My Comrade"d their ass out the door faster than shit through a goose.
Mostly because it makes it easier to get shit done if there's only a single predominant owner (who represents at most a handful of other partners) responsible for the team's participation in league decision-making rather than having to work with a board answering to a highly-diffuse shareholder base. It also allows them to vet owners, so they can reject sales to someone who's likely to be an embarrassment to the league (this came up several years ago when noted neo-fascist Rush Limbaugh tried to get in on a group trying to buy the then-St. Louis Rams--the NFL never actually blocked him, but that's just because he was dropped from the group before the NFL had the opportunity to, because it was generally believed that if things moved further down the line the NFL would do the decent thing and block the sale to any ownership group in which Limbaugh was involved).
...yes, that's the joke.
&gt; I'm still mad at 538. Why, exactly?
First they took Albert, then they took Peyton.
Why?
&gt; I do not believe we should have a completely open border policy That's because you're deplorable. &gt; They weren't legally supposed to be here in the first place Slaves weren't legally supposed to escape and flee north, either.
&gt; I mean, im libertarian so i can agree with you. So you hate freedom? Because *laissez-faire* capitalism is an authoritarian slave system. So is the white-supremacist queerphobic patriarchy that continues to dominate American social and political structures, which the Orwellian-named, neo-fascist "Libertarian Party" is perfectly fine with. Mostly because its members are idiots who can't be bothered to think about anything for more than three seconds. &gt; Though only shitty people you see on any news networks seem to the those "protesting". So you're just making shit up?
Borders are a crime against humanity.
Then they're wrong, and doing Satan's work.
Finding that photo in any way entertaining indicates complete moral failure and utter depravity.
Uhh...I'm pretty sure Pat McAfee was a solid enough punter in high school, too.
So you're just making shit up?
(if you respond I'll change this one in the spirit of the topic, too, but I am genuinely curious to know what you think--I'm leaving the first one as-is for now so you won't wonder what the fuck I'm asking about) Would he be able to handle the in-game exertion from the added workload? No one doubts he can kick it, the ahem, "kicker" to me seems to be in-game endurance.
Have there been any investigations into building a road overpass? It'd be incredibly expensive, but one wonders if one of the corporate parties involved might be willing to shoulder all or a significant part of that burden in order to avoid liability judgments down the line.
&gt; I just had a racist acquaintance try to pin wanting to kill white people on BLM because of a few extremists. You know, if Donald Trump himself and his circle of advisers constituted the "extremists" of the Trump camp, you'd have a valid point. But of course they're not the extremists, that'd be an incredibly fucking stupid thing to think; and you yourself know full well they're not, because you're not a moron. They are, themselves, the center.
Let's say you're right. You're not, of course--you're completely divorced from reality--but for the sake of argument let's pretend you are. Who would file the suit? Certainly not the kids, because kids can't sue on their own behalf. Who would represent the plaintiffs? Certainly not the kids, because kids can't get law licenses. Who would rule against the defendant's motion to dismiss the suit? Certainly not the kids, because kids can't be judges. Tell me again, who's responsible?
[This is encouraging](https://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5q0yy0/four_more_journalists_get_felony_charges_after/dcwmaqd/)
&gt; I'm not sure how anybody can defend this. Because the important thing is that we stuck it to the darkies, wetbacks, towelheads, and foreigners!
Production numbers don't necessarily reflect the number actually in service. The 737's been around 20 years longer than the A320. So just because there have been more 737's produced doesn't mean there's more actually being used today. By my count, from 1988-2016 there were 7,849 737s delivered, about 400 more than the number of A320s during that same span. But of course, A320 production was just getting underway during the first few years of that period. If we go from 1997-2016, there have been 6,728 A320 deliveries and 6,493 737 deliveries. There are currently around 4,500 737s in service, compared to over 7,000 A320s still flying.
&gt; He's going to make decisions that benefit his companies and his personal wealth. There's no way around that. However, the voters elected him knowing this so I don't think its fair to judge every decision he makes based on how it benefits him or his companies. Actually, that's one of the reasons (along with him being the second coming of Hitler and just basically his campaign constituting an outright repudiation of fundamental American values) I voted against him, so I damn well will criticize him for it at every opportunity. &gt; I really don't think he went through all the trouble of being elected POTUS to line his wallet Reality begs to differ. &gt; which is definitely not something I can say for the Clintons or most other career politicians. That's because you're not part of the reality-based community.
&gt; anything involving seamen I like hot sailors.
TIL that money is, in fact, not fungible.
Take the cannoli.
SERENITY NOW!
&gt; even if if they openly declared their intention to commit a genocide of millions, so long as that genocide did not surpass ~4 million victims. I don't think that matters. After all, *fetuses* are people, not browns or blacks.
Also: yes, we have heard of Murray Rothbard. That's how we know he's a fucking secondhanding idiot--because we've heard of him and are familiar with his 100%-reality-free, internally-contradictory, morally bankrupt nonsense.
So? What's that got to do with anything?
So old Cleveland to new Cleveland?
That's because you have a functioning brain.
So you're completely divorced from reality?
&gt; im more against the sub joining the anti trump bandwagon So you have a problem with taking a stand against fascist authoritarianism? How deplorable.
No, it's legally enforceable. It's just practically unforceable unless you're a big enough idiot to blab about it where someone who cares can see and figure out who you are.
Guns aren't a right. There's no such thing as the right to oppress others.
Yeah. It reduces waste--it's a great idea, more states should do it!
The Constitution is wrong on that point, actually.
The problem with Christopher Hitchens is that he's a gigantic fucking idiot, though, and completely depraved as well.
...no, because they're, you know, people, with rights and needs and families and whatnot. A box of Kleenex (I have no clue where Kleenex is actually made; if it's made in the US feel free to replace it with something that isn't) isn't going to be sad because it's cut off from its spouse and kids. A box of Kleenex isn't going to have its hopes and dreams crushed because it can't get to the university to study with the scholars working on a fascinating topic. A box of Kleenex isn't going to live in fear for its life from a bloody civil war.
So low-energy, am I right, folks?
&gt; Fascism is collectivist Yes. &gt; collectivism is an inherently left-wing position lolno &gt; individualism, containing ideologies such as libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism. So you're just talking out your ass?
So in addition to being too stupid to know what the word "sometimes" means, you're also too lazy to read the rest of it?
There's really no way to respond to empty, reality-free nothingness except to point out that it's empty, reality-free nothingness.
&gt; They got here illegally. Not necessarily. Around half of all undocumented immigrants entered the US via legal means. &gt; A site referring to them as undocumented immigrant is a deceptive and biased site. If by "deceptive" you mean "cognizant of their humanity," sure. As far as "biased" goes...well, everything has a bias. The key is to read critically. But that takes work, of course, which isn't anything you'd know about because you're a right-winger and therefore fundamentally lazy.
Well, Joseph Dunford isn't Jesus, but Steve Bannon is essentially Satan incarnate, yes.
No one's discounting them. Their vote would count just as much as everyone else's. Unlike now, when it counts more than everyone else's. Which is indefensible.
Oh, absolutely.
&gt; You have no right to be here. Immigration restrictions are un-American. Why do you hate America so much?
Equality under the law is meaningless without social equality. Formal equality without substantive equality is just another name for oppression.
&gt; “My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months,” he ~~continued~~ lied. FTFY. It's not similar at all. The thing about reality is, it doesn't care about your cult leader's propaganda imperatives.
So you really *don't* know anything about Islam or about religion as a sociocultural phenomenon? The fact that you think that Islam is a monolith indicates that my assessment is correct. There are as many Islams as there are Muslims, just as there are as many Christianities as there are Christians, as many Judaisms as there are Jews, etc. We all bring ourselves to the faith tradition we embrace--we individually shape how it manifests in us just as it shapes us as individuals. And so to speak of "Islam" in general terms outside of the literal fundamentals (submission to the god of Abraham, Muhammad as the last prophet) is simply wrong.
&gt; 4.2 GPA Uhh At least where I went to high school, GPA maxed out at 4.0
A fine and losing draft picks = punitive, "don't do that shit again" message. Totally fine. Giving those draft picks to Houston = restitution, so is the competitive disadvantage that the Astros suffered roughly on par with what two draft picks can give them?
You must have been with the bad Lutherans. Because the ELCA absolutely does not believe in the literal inerrancy of the Bible.
This weekend has been so confusing. My initial thought, before I remembered, was that Vick Ballard was making a comeback.
Awesome! This is a great win for the values of Scouting!
And friendly.
&gt; jesus tapdancing christ. just...why? Because they decided that being faithful to core Scouting values was more important than capitulating to the fear and cowardice of the ignorant and hateful.
It's nowhere near being the best cyber.
Do you have children? If you have children it's going to be tough. But the stipends are totally livable if you're childless. It's a lower middle-class income, but it's not starvation wages--particularly if (as you appear to be) you're married and your spouse is able to find a job. You mentioned in another post that medical expenses are a problem. I'm a Ph.D. student at a University of California campus, and we have what by all accounts is a pretty generous health insurance package, provided to us free of charge. I don't have any chronic issues so I can't speak firsthand to how effective it is, but from what I've heard from friends who do, they complain about the usual (unfortunate) bureaucratic hassles but nothing in the way of ridiculous deductibles, co-pays, or coverage limits. So if you can find faculty at a UC campus you'd like to work with, you may want to apply and if you get accepted, factor that into your decision-making. Finding a job afterwards...yeah, that's the kicker.
&gt; If the tables were turned on these Christians they would start a war. They're not Christians. All Christians oppose all of this. You're not a Christian if you back the anti-Christ.
What parts of "being a man" are incompatible with having women be part of the program, or that young women shouldn't be part of?
You're thinking of the noted proponent of white genocide Barack HUSSEIN Obama.
Indianapolis is a great location for this sort of thing. It's primarily a business rather than a spectator meeting (yeah, you can go watch, but that's not why they have it), and Indianapolis is fairly centrally-located relative to how NFL cities are geographically distributed.
So looking at the start dates got me to wonder, so I checked. There are 30 teams in MLB. The Yankees are the 16th oldest. In other words, the Yankees are one of the newest teams in the Major Leagues.
HOO-HOO-HOO
Ashley Lelie
Zack Crockett
&gt; Bernie Sanders &gt; Gary Johnson &gt; decent human beings ehh, no, they're both raving privilege-blind white supremacists and misogynists The only decent people running for President were Hillary Clinton, Martin O'Malley, and Lincoln Chafee.
So North Korea is democratic? You fucking moron. There are historical and etymological reasons for the Nazi party's name, that do not have any bearing on the actual policies they enacted when in power. Socialism means giving control of the means of production to the workers. The Nazis sure as shit weren't doing that. It means abolishing all hierarchies of race, gender, birth, and sexuality. The Nazis sure as shit weren't doing that. It means equalization of wealth for all. The Nazis sure as shit weren't doing that. Try again when you actually know what you're talking about, you massive idiot.
Of course, it's precisely because they hold those biases that they're not *really* progressive in any meaningful sense.
No, but making incredibly fucking stupid and irrational arguments is, and that's what you're doing. It's your conclusion that's moronic, not your premise.
No, but people who think and vote based on claims that have zero basis in reality are.
This is almost as bittersweet as when Peyton got the all-time TD pass record as a fucking Bronco :(
&gt; Advocates of the idea argue that privatization would speed up glacial efforts by the FAA to modernize a system that still relies on land-based radar at a time when other countries have switched to GPS systems that allow more direct routes at lower costs. Why? Why would a monopolistic, privately-owned entity have any more incentive to lay out this kind of expense than the current setup does?
It's not an "amazing ability"; it's just reading what you wrote and assuming you're not lying.
"I'm not a racist! Some of my best friends are black! I just hate black culture, with the pants and the hair and the baseball caps and the music!"
I'm not the one who's dismissing the demands of the marginalized to be afforded basic dignity.
Me: "Don't be a jerk!" You: "Why are you throwing a temper tantrum?" Sorry, no, that's not how it works.
&gt; PM: You are going to get laughed in south america if you write latinx I promise you that Holy shit you're an idiot. Because you're completely missing the point. Terms like "latinx" are used to discuss the circumstances of *Hispanic minorities in the US*, so of course they'd seem silly in a context in which they're not a minority population. You fucking moron.
I think you missed the point of my post. I'm not asking whether or not those sorts of upgrades would be better; I'm asking whether a private monopoly would be any more effective at actually making them happen.
Because it's possible to ban some Muslims while not banning all Muslims but still banning only Muslims, which is effectively what's happening here.
&gt; Most Christians agree with the conservative view point. The "conservative view point" is anti-Christian, though, so those who hold that viewpoint are pretty much by definition not Christian. So no, most Christians *do not* agree with the conservative viewpoint, because *no* Christians agree with the conservative viewpoint.
&gt; I don't mean to completely disparage the US Army I do. God created us all. Killing another human being for any reason, under any circumstances, is always a sin and can never be morally justified.
God disagrees.
The Apostles were fallible men, too. I mean, they couldn't even be counted on to "get" Jesus even when he was standing right there next to them (see: Simon Peter and the sword in the garden). The Gospels have value as (human-created, and therefore fallible and necessitating a critical reading) accounts of the life of Jesus, but they're no more authoritative than any other human-created product. You can have your "Scripture" written by fallible men. I'll take God and God alone.
I'm particularly fond of the "Easter = Eostre" nonsense, because (aside from the fact that the very existence of an "Eostre" in an old northern European pantheon is not at all well attested) it completely ignores that in the vast majority of languages, *including those ancient languages spoken in the communities that originated the Easter celebration centuries before Christianity spread into northern Europe*, the name of the holiday is some derivative of the Jewish name for Passover!
&gt; Comcast can only get away with this because they have no real competition Neither would Air Traffic Control, though. There'd be no workable way to have two different providers controlling the same airspace at the same time, and airlines withholding their money and doing without also isn't a feasible option, so...yeah, air traffic control becomes an entrenched private monopoly, just like utilities. Your argument is nonsense.
There is literally no workable way for meaningful market-based competition to exist in the provision of air traffic control services. Everybody in the same airspace needs to be tuned in to the same controller, so it's not like going to the grocery store where you can decide on the spot whether you'd prefer Minute Maid or Florida's Natural brand of orange juice. So it's only feasible for there to be one provider of air traffic control services for a given segment of airspace at a given time--so if you get dissatisfied with a provider, you can't just say "fuck you I'm going elsewhere," because *there's no elsewhere to go to.* You can, perhaps, contract the services out for a limited amount of time, and if the service is unsatisfactory you can award the contract to someone else next time around. But then you're still stuck with the shitty service until the contract comes up for renewal, and in addition once it becomes apparent that the contract won't be renewed (and this is the sort of thing that would have to be taken care of well in advance of expiration, so that the new provider can prepare to take over seamlessly on day one) the current provider has no incentive to give a shit. After all, they've already gotten their money, so why do they care? You're an idiot, and what you say is completely divorced from reality.
Rachel Maddow is still sick :(
Unfortunately, they get washed too often to let enough dust build up on them to be able to write a message in it.
Maybe if you assume that cishet white men are the only ones who matter. In other words, if you're a reactionary right-wing extremist. Certainly not if you're a progressive of any sort. There's a reason all the progressives supported Hillary Clinton from day one: because she actually gave a shit about making peoples' lives better.
Fucking *Atlas Shrugged* was a bestseller; what's your point? Anti-Hillary Clinton screeds sell well because they appeal to right-wing-extremist misogynistic white supremacist reactionary fuckheads, such as those that made up Bernie Sanders' support base.
Pretty sure that neither Paul nor the author of Timothy were God. You can take your diatribes written by fallible men; I'll go with God, thank you very much.
Remember where I said that parts of the Bible can be edifying? It has value as a secular narrative of the life of Christ, but the authority for the value of Christ's teachings comes not from their presence in a book written by fallible men but from what God tells us in our hearts.
Theresa May is a terrorist.
Awesome! It's important for people to have a critical perspective on the unspoken assumptions that shape how we organize society and interact with one another.
There's no such thing as "competition" in the provision of air traffic control because there literally cannot be. Everybody in the same airspace needs to be tuned in to the same controller, so it's not like going to the grocery store where you can decide on the spot whether you'd prefer Minute Maid or Florida's Natural brand of orange juice. So it's only feasible for there to be one provider of air traffic control services for a given segment of airspace at a given time--so if you get dissatisfied with a provider, you can't just say "fuck you I'm going elsewhere," because there's no elsewhere to go to. You're incredibly stupid.
By "evidence" I assume you mean either cherry-picked anecdotes or shit you just made up?
That's exactly what anarchism is (in my opinion): a form of democracy.
?
It does, though. Complacency is complicity.
It's already been answered, but the article you linked explains how it happened.
Yeah, I really think that last summer/fall he found himself stuck in a lose-lose situation and tried to do the least bad option he could come up with. It sucked, but ultimately the responsibility for Orange Hitler in the White House lies in the moral degeneracy of the element of the American public that voted for him.
Fuck Jim Caldwell so hard for that timeout.
So you're a shitty human being, then?
&gt; DFA means he goes down to Memphis if no one claims him, right? He's been in the league more than five years, so he only goes to the minors (not necessarily AAA, though probably most likely) if he consents. If not, the Cardinals' only options are to release him or return him to the 40-man roster.
Mo forgot to perform the incantation ritual on the vibrating square.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQaUs5J2wdI
I've been staring at this sentence for like five minutes before I finally figured out the sentence structure. Not your fault, I've just been reading a shitton of bad undergraduate writing.
Clemente's from Puerto Rico, though.
We're on a quarter system, final exams for the spring term are next week.
Also: Matt Damon turns 50 in 3 years.
Eric Fryer looks an awful lot like Jon Hamm. Not quite a Thad Matta-Gene Hackman resemblance, but pretty damn close.
Did...did we just score in late innings?
Yes, it fucking does, you gigantic fucking idiot. If people hear you call someone a "bitch" and don't get any pushback for it, they learn that gendered insults are acceptable, that it's okay to frame your opposition to someone in a gendered fashion. If people hear you call someone a "pear," then regardless of what you meant, the impression upon bystanders is completely different. No one thinks of "pear" as having gendered connotations, and so it doesn't encourage people to believe that thinking in that way is okay.
&gt; The driver starts out basically pushing the protestor out of the way So the *driver* initiates the violence, and the protesters get angry in response to the driver's violence?
More importantly, political science is the study of political systems and how interest groups interact. It's concerned with describing and explaining what *is*. J.K. Rowling probably isn't qualified to comment on how demographic changes in Aldershot will affect the electoral future of Labour. However, her opinion on what is right and wrong, what priorities society should have, is an expression of subjective preferences and value judgments (in other words, expressions of what *ought to be*) like anyone else's, and just as valid and worthy of consideration.
You generally know when a kicking play is about to happen and so you have plenty of time to get the skycam out of the way. But an excessively violent pop-up in volleyball can happen at any time.
As a Christian, I have two problems with this. First, misusing "Christian Day" as a platform to spout Satanic homophobia; second, with misusing "Christian Day" as a platform to proclaim "support" for those who kill in contravention of Jesus's commandments to love your enemies, bless those who curse you, do good to those who harm you, and offer the other cheek.
&gt; So simple to do, yet Obama wouldn't do them. Stop making shit up.
Puerto Ricans are *already* US citizens.
&gt; soldier of high repute No such thing. Killing another human being is always wrong, no matter the reason. It's disgraceful, dishonorable, depraved, degenerate, and deplorable.
Pretty sure the reality-based community consists of more than just fourteen people.
Actually, Jesus is very clear that everyone is saved because God is love.
I'm not the one who renounces Jesus and his teachings.
Why are you trusting the words of fallible, human intermediaries when you have the word of God directly accessible to you in your heart?
They're useful in explaining the dynamics of modern Western market democracies, but there's certainly an element of uncritical cultural normativity that seriously problematizes their applicability to alternative modes of socioeconomic organization.
Chances are pretty high, then, that whatever meagre royalties they got from it, they then donated to university foundations or other charitable institutions. It's pretty standard practice.
For the same reason that just because the dude you see on the street might be a beast of a man who wouldn't actually suffer in any meaningful way if you punched him in the stomach, doesn't make it okay for you to punch him in the stomach.
&gt; Ignoring questions of not reporting things to the actual authorities Why do you assume that's not happening? &gt; maybe because they are demonstrably incompetent at it Why does that matter? Is freedom of association based on behavioral reasons (being accused of rape is not a protected class, after all) a right only extended to those who come to the correct conclusions?
&gt; He's a socialist No, he fucking is not. Source: am a socialist. &gt; at least he' pushing a social democratic platform! No, he fucking is not. He's not "pushing" anything. All he's doing is talking about how great it would be if only we could just... The only one pushing even a moderately social democratic platform was Hillary Clinton--she was the only one who had a reality-based plan for actually getting started making shit happen, rather than just talking about how great it would be if only we could just...
&gt; I find it profoundly disturbing that every criticism I have of Trump is something I can criticize Sanders of as well *Including* misogyny, white supremacy, and willful privilege-blindness.
quantum baseball, or something
Bernie Sanders is not a progressive. Hillary Clinton is.
Bernie Sanders is not a progressive. Hillary Clinton is.
The BA 787s are all red up around the APU exhaust, this one's white.
I mean, if GE ever uses that 747 testbed they've got for propfan testing...
&gt; On the other hand, to what extent should frontline troops be simply following orders, since they are unlikely to be presented with enough information to weigh up the decision What information is needed? Killing is always wrong, no matter the reason. If you're told to kill, you're *always* obligated to refuse.
"Anarcho-capitalism" is a contradiction in terms. Capitalism of any sort is incompatible with both anarchism and Christianity.
&gt; What do you find unconvincing about it? What makes you think I find it unconvincing?
Streaks on the china Never happened before Who cares When you drop-kicked the jacket As you came through the door No one glared But sometimes things get turned around And no one's spared All hands look out below There's a change in the status quo We're gonna need all the help that we can get According to our new arrival Life is more than mere survival We just might live the good life yet
A Chad.
I mean, being drafted is no excuse for participating in an unjust war. Lots of people refused induction. A lot of them went to jail. But you know what? If you're willing to kill someone just so you don't have to go to jail, you're pretty fucking depraved. We, rightly, condemn a mob boss who puts out a hit on a prosecution witness in his yrial--he, too, is killing (or ordering someone killed) so he can avoid prison. How is this any different?
But God does, and that's what matters.
God disagrees. God welcomes all into communion, *especially* those whose only "crime" is violating secular rules made to satisfy secular passions and prejudices.
I misread, yes. Peter may have trusted Paul, but Peter was in error. Notice that Jesus never claimed that Peter was divine. Peter was, therefore, just as fallible as you or I. Certainly Jesus's "Upon this rock" statement was also not an assertion of Petrine infallibility, because Peter is regularly shown to have been capable of error. It was Peter who denied Jesus, and it was Peter who cut off Malchus's ear before Jesus told him in no uncertain terms to cut that shit out. No, when Jesus called Peter "rock," it was in forgiveness, and as recognition of leadership qualities--not of inability to err. To claim Peter was incapable of error is to elevate him to the status of a god. It's idolatrous, polytheistic paganism.
&gt; ... So... Jesus landed a bloody ufo at the foot of Peter and told him to eat unclean food, but he forgot to mention Paul was wrong? I mean, Paul wasn't in the picture yet, so why would he? Why would it have occurred to anyone? Would Peter even have known what the fuck Jesus was talking about if he had? Paul was still persecuting Christians at this time. God gave man free will, and if it's truly free will then not even God can predict it (that's literally the whole fucking point--that we have the ability to choose or refuse to follow God, and if it's knowable in advance what that decision would be, then there really is no decision--it's already predetermined), so there's no way to have known about Paul's alleged conversion ahead of time.
&gt; Ffs, even John predicted nero Nonsense. Revelation was written after Nero's death (in fact, that late date makes it highly unlikely that it was written by John at all, because he would have had to have been *incredibly fucking old* to be alive at the date scholarly consensus says it was written--not impossible, but certainly unlikely). It's not a prediction if you're talking about it after it happened. There's an argument to be made that John was predicting something akin to a *resurrection* of Nero, but obviously that event never actually came to pass.
Which is why Republicans are doing it.
It is impossible to simultaneously serve Christ and support immigration controls or restrictions of any sort. God created all the world for all God's children; the arbitrary lines we draw on a map to separate us are offensive to God, and enforcing them is a grave sin.
We should haul it away like Muhlenberg County, and replace it with rule of love. Laws made out of hatred, or laws that require us to mistreat our brothers and sisters, are not just and should not be enforced.
RemindMe! 1 decade
The The Angels Angels.
The Holy Name Garfield Cadets of Bergen County, presented by YEA!
The western parts of San Bernardino and Riverside counties are part of the Inland Empire metro area. Source: I know my local geography
&gt; Homosexual couples have the feelings, but it is corrupted an isn't actual love. It's the affectionate equivalent of a phobia. God disagrees. Why do you hate God so much? Why do you worship Satan?
Oh.
In other words: give me what I want or I'll let all the poor people suffer even *more*! You don't actually give a shit about making peoples' lives better. You don't actually give a shit about ending poverty. You just want to get your way, and you don't care how many people you have to sacrifice to do it. You're not a progressive. You're a narcissist, a white supremacist, and a political terrorist. Fuck you. Get out of the way and let the *real* progressives get to work making the world a better place.
s/Obama/the black dude/
...but there's also an alternate timeline where *Joy of Painting* is still producing new episodes and birds have built a nest in Bob Ross's afro.
&gt; The level of mind numbing stupidity here is really quite astounding. Not when you consider the source.
Is an uncaught third strike like kissing your sister?
How often do you hear a crowd chant for one of the road team's relievers?
&gt; accelerationist viewpoint In other words, the functionally reactionary, privilege-blind viewpoint. Fuck off, fascist. Your misogyny, white supremacy, and cisgender/heterosexual normativity isn't welcome here.
We did nominate a progressive in 2016, though: Hillary Clinton. She's a hell of a lot more progressive than anyone else who was seeking a major-party nomination.
PSA is blasphemous. It paints God as a vengeful, narcissistic thug--in other words, a mere mortal--instead of the fount of infinite love and mercy that God actually is.
Yes. And, in fact, God does not use or sanction violence.
...no It's a fact. This is the real world. Outcomes matter. X is more progressive than Y if X is better at getting progressive change enacted than Y. Hillary Clinton had plausible, concrete plans for making progressive change happen. All Bernie Sanders had was "Wouldn't it be great if only we could just..." but was utterly inept at actually getting shit done. Progressivism isn't about showing off how special and pure and virtuous you are. It's not a goddamn fashion accessory. It's about making the real lives of real people better in the real world, and so the real progressives are the ones who actually accomplish that.
This is your daily reminder that Hillary Clinton is a real progressive, and Bernie Sanders is not.
You're really not very good at this, ar eyou? See, if I'm not already inclined to take the author of Timothy (AoT) at face value--which should have been clear from my previous post--then what AoT has to say about the authority of anything really isn't going to be very convincing to me, is it? Same goes for the author of Peter, of course. And that doesn't even begin to address the complications with deciding what constituted "scripture". I worship God. You, however, seem to worship men, inasmuch as you take their words as uncritical and unquestionable authority. &gt; how do you determine what God says if not the Bible? God is in our hearts; we have only to choose to listen.
Why is a state governor getting involved in the affairs of a privately-operated federal prison?
That's because you have a functioning moral compass.
From God.
Why? After all, my claim is rooted in what God actually wants, which if anything seems more appropriate for a Christian space than a claim rooted in what a book falsely says God wants.
When I help someone out, my heart fills with joy. Is that not God telling me that such acts are right? And if it is, what other doctrine do I need? Those sorts of experiences tell me all I need to know about God: that God is infinite love and infinite mercy and infinite compassion and infinite inclusiveness. So why should I trust some dude thousands of years ago who says God is not one of those things, or at least not infinitely so, when I have firsthand knowledge, direct from God Godself, that God absolutely is all of those things? And you know what? I'm no less fallible than those dudes. It's just as possible that I'm wrong as it is that they're wrong. Since there's an equal likelihood of being wrong either way, well, at least with my approach I'm cutting out the middleman and taking responsibility for my own faith.
Except in the real world, where it isn't.
God doesn't think it's cool. God thinks it's a horrible idea.
All my prayers and best wishes to our Muslim brothers and sisters in London and around the world, who have become the victims of unjustified Satanic hatred over the last several decades.
In other words: your worldview breaks down when you add more complexity than what the models you learned in high school can or are designed to account for.
It's not a child if it's not born. At that stage, it's just a parasite, morally indistinguishable from a tumor or a tapeworm.
There's so much irony in heeding a warning about false prophets from a false prophet, isn't there?
Holy shit you're just a despicable piece of shit villain, aren't you? It's like you jumped out of a fucking comic book.
That doesn't actually answer the question. Why in the fuck would a state governor have any authority or responsibility regarding a federal prison?
&gt; Yes, they say sex is to be between husband and wife. Sounds like a *lower* ethical standard to everyone who's not a Satan-worshipping moral degenerate. Of course, you're well-known as a Satan-worshipping moral degenerate around these parts, so it's not like anyone's surprised that you're taking the side of depravity and sin.
I made the opposite move, for the same reason. Some things to be aware of: * No ramp meters on highways. Go straight through the ramp (first time I encountered one in CA, I was confused as fuck, because why the fuck is there a fucking stoplight on the fucking interstate?) * Don't prefix numbered highways with "the." I still find it a bit grating in California, even after being here for five years. It's I-65 or US-231 or State Road 26. * Motorcycle lane splitting is not legal * Bicycle paths are few and far between * If you change your residency and voter registration, primaries for *all* levels of government are separate for each party. * It's the *Bureau* of Motor Vehicles * If you're one of those people who likes avocado on everything (that may just be a southern California thing, I haven't spent a lot of time in the northern part of the state), you're going to be disappointed. * It's "Hardee's," not "Carl's, Jr." * Your favorite team's televised games that you're used to watching in the late afternoon/early evening, will now be on late at night * There is no emissions testing. Indiana doesn't give a shit about the natural world, apparently (it also doesn't have the massive urban sprawl and the concomitant environmental consequences that forced California to implement it, of course, but it's still a good idea even if the situation isn't as bad as what you had in urban California in the 1970s). I'll probably think of some others later.
All my best for your friend and her family, as well as to anyone else who may have been involved.
You're really not very good at this, are you? What you're doing is like arguing that because the US isn't a theocracy, we shouldn't ban murder, since "thou shalt not kill" is a Christian virtue. We should legislate based on righteousness. That has nothing to do with establishing a state preference for worship or belief practices.
Yes. God is all-loving, and does not reject God's own children just because they stray. That would be petty behavior for a parent, and pettiness is not an aspect of God. All are saved, regardless.
&gt; Reddit as a whole, leans left. lolno A quick browse of /r/circlebroke, /r/circlebroke2, /r/Enough_Sanders_Spam, and /r/ShitRedditSays (four subs devoted to pointing out, and mocking, reactionary trash) should quickly disabuse you of that nonsensical idea.
Nope. God has created all of us; therefore, we are all God's children, and God is infinitely loving and merciful and not petty, so God does not place any conditions on God's acceptance and embrace of us.
And all the rapists, wannabe rapists, and rape apologists rejoice!
&gt; Yes, but you are dealing with criminal accusations. No. They're being accused of things that *also just so happen to be crimes.* As far as the university is concerned, they're code of conduct violations, and that's what the proceedings are concerned with. Frankly, the idea that a university is entitled to make its own decisions using its own procedures regarding whether or not people who are accused of things like plagiarizing or cheating at student government elections or hiring someone else to take an exam for them, but not regarding people who are accused of things that actually harm other people, is absurd on its face. Criminal sanctions require criminal standards of proof, but universities don't impose criminal sanctions. They're just deciding whether or not this person is welcome to remain a member of their university community, and there's no reason that they shouldn't be able to make their own decisions regarding that matter based on their own criteria. If you're a member of the Rotary Club, the Rotarians can kick you out if you're accused of rape even if the evidence doesn't meet the standard for a criminal conviction; so why can't a university do the same thing? Certainly, for the sort of businessman who joins the Rotary Club, being excluded is going to have pretty severe consequences for his professional future. Hell, if an attorney is accused of a crime, the disbarment hearing--which is not contingent upon a criminal conviction, and which has the potential to *literally make it illegal* for said attorney to continue in their line of work, and so is *definitely* is the sort of thing that could "drastically harm the person's life"--has a lower standard of evidence than a criminal trial for the same alleged act would.
It's only great news if you like rape. Do you like rape? &gt; Universities are obviously not courts of law and should never pretend to be. Good thing they're not, then. They're just dealing with code of conduct violations.
&gt; We need to look past nationality, past race, past gender &gt; learn the type of love that Christ typified in his death on the cross. We can do one or the other, but not both, because they're mutually exclusive. To enact Christ's love, we have to understand the negative experiences that are unique to those of minority races, religions, genders, and ethnicities and work to counteract the harmful thoughts and deeds that are responsible for them.
Why should we honor sin?
&gt; There is nothing wrong with being proud of your county. Actually, there's everything wrong with being proud of an arbitrary and morally-irrelevant territorial region in a manner that only serves to divide us from all of our brothers and sisters.
That's an awfully petty, selfish, and un-Christian attitude. You should be ashamed of yourself.
The Old Testament is a pack of lies, though.
I'm well aware. In the three times I've had jury duty, two of them were for criminal trials, and in those I never made it past *voir dire* for that exact reason. They ask, and I do not lie. I have, from time to time, wondered if doing so would be the moral choice. I realize it would be illegal, but I wonder if the greater good done by keeping someone out of prison (at least for a while--sure, if I'm the only holdout it'll just result in a hung jury, but prosecutors decide that re-trying cases isn't worth their time a nonzero amount of time, so there's a possibility of actually having a positive effect on the world) is worth the sin of telling a lie.
&gt; I find their obsessions with the unity of God I think they're absolutely right about that. Trinitarianism is just obfuscatory nonsense created as a distraction in furtherance of a secular agenda.
&gt; Do you have a right to exclude people from your family home just because they live on the wrong side of an arbitrary and morally-irrelevant wall? Please don't try to conflate two different things and act like they're the same; thanks! &gt; The same God that drew the borders of Israel? God did no such thing. &gt; The same god that confused the tongues of men to have them disperse into separate nations? God did no such thing. God is love. The god of the Old Testament is not love. Therefore, either God has changed since the Old Testament period, or the god of the Old Testament is a false god. Since God is perfect, God does not change, which means that the god of the Old Testament is a false god. The Old Testament is a pack of lies that was created to invent divine justification for their secular, worldly passions and prejudices--which is exactly what you are doing, when you invent divine justification for your hatred and pettiness and self-centeredness instead of adjusting yourself to God's true message of love and inclusion and sacrifice.
"Communist dictatorship" is a contradiction in terms. Communism is the opposite of a dictatorship, and it is also the only social order compatible with what Christ has taught us about how to treat one another.
One should feel guilt if one continues to unjustly benefit from others' immoral actions. The moral case for slave reparations in the US isn't to punish people today, but to rectify the lasting imbalances caused by unjustly profiting off the labor of enslaved persons. Even if the logistics of it might make it impractical, the cause is a legitimate and righteous one.
&gt; Christianity recognises that self-defence is a right Nonsense. All Christians *must* oppose violence in self-defense under all circumstances. After all, Jesus wasn't kidding when he said "love your enemies" and "offer the other cheek" and "bless those who curse you" and "do good to those who harm you." And I mean, hell, unless you're planning on knocking the other guy's bullets out of mid-air, shooting isn't even self-defense anyway: it's counter-offense. If it were self-defense it'd be a fucking shield. Which, literally putting up a shield is fine. Shooting back is not.
Yes, it is. Uncompromisingly so.
I certainly see how it might come off that way when you, as a modern Western Christian, hear it proclaimed as the first of the five pillars. But the emphasis on *tawhid* dates from the earliest days of Islam, to distinguish themselves from the largely polytheistic religious landscape in southwest Asia that Islam emerged as an alternative to.
I love how Lilliquist and Koo were perfectly in step the entire time walking out there.
If the Cardinals won the World Series, would Eugene get a ring?
All real leftists did, because real leftists care about actually making shit better for people, rather than just circlejerking over purity.
No Christians are bigots. People like Jeff Sessions aren't Christians at all, since they renounce Christ's teachings.
Not in West Virginia.
HOAs need to be banned, and existing HOA agreements nullified. I don't give a shit about the constitutionality of it; the public good is more important than the sanctity of private agreements.
&gt; "Invercargill Trail." You start in Auckland and walk to Invecargill. You have to take the ferry between the islands (no fording that one). Game only lasts about 2 weeks. The hunting is kinda dull as the only thing to hunt are Kiwis. Too bad the thread was locked, because that post is just screaming for a "The Most Dangerous Game" joke.
Not at all. You just completely fail to understand it. It's definitely not an endorsement of violence. Jesus said to buy a handful of swords (far fewer than would have been needed to effectively fight off the Roman authorities) because he and his gang needed to get arrested, and carrying a sword openly was the easiest way to make that happen. If the Romans had been bothered by fidget spinners, he would have said "sell your cloak and buy a fidget spinner" instead. They were clearly never supposed to use the swords, as evidenced by the fact that when Simon Peter die, Jesus told him in no uncertain terms to cut that shit out. There is no way a reasonable, informed, literate person can read that passage as an endorsement of violence. You teally shouldn't divorce things from their context, you know. Context is what creates meaning, after all.
&gt; Was God kidding when he said "“If the thief is caught while breaking in and is struck so that he dies, there will be no bloodguiltiness on his account."? God never said that. &gt; What's the most effective way to keep someone from hurting you and/or your family? So your argument in favor of the use of violence is that it's most effective based on your secular criteria? Thing is, we're supposed to subirdinate our secular passions and prejudices and preferences to God's will, as taught to us by Jesus. And God does not want us to ever use violence against our brothers and sisters.
&gt; For some of them, Clinton and Trump really were equally bad Those people have a fucked-up moral compass, then, and so their moral degeneracy is on them. Because, yes, if you think the second coming of Eisenhower is as bad as the second coming of Hitler, well, you're a moral degenerate. &gt; And remember as national Republicans go Trump is pretty moderate. You know who went out of his way to make it clear that the US's enemy was not Islam? George fucking W. Bush.
The Bible, being the work of fallible people, is very often wrong and at odds with God's teachings.
&gt; No black person alive today was a slave Irrelevant. People of color are still suffering from the persistent legacies of slavery, long after slavery itself has been abolished.
Why do people treat "On this rock I will build my church" as a conferral of authority upon Peter? I mean, aside from being an opportunity for an excellent pun which Jesus couldn't bear to pass up, Peter seems an odd choice if Jesus is conferring some sort of authority upon someone. After all, as the events in the garden (denial, cutting off Malchus's ear) show, Peter couldn't be counted on to get it right even Jesus was literally right fucking next to him. So why Peter? The church is a community of sinners, and Jesus used him as an example of that--not because of any special position or authority, but because he's just like all the rest of us. And really Jesus could have picked anyone to use as an example, but he chose Peter because the pun was too good to pass up and Jesus is just awesome that way.
All Christians oppose this bill. I wil pray that Christians prevail here.
&gt; We actually are technically supposed to be a republic That's not incompatible with being a democracy. They're completely distinct concepts. A republic is simply anything that's not a monarchy, in which affairs of state are treated as separate from the personal affairs of the individual who holds the sovereign office; a democracy is rule by the governed. It's possible to have a democratic republic (like the US) a democratic non-republic (like the UK--constitutionally, after all, Parliament only exists by royal permission), a non-democratic republic (like the Soviet Union) and a non-democratic non-republic (like *ancien regime* Europe). &gt; we have representatives and don't directly vote for issues unless there is a public referendum. That doesn't mean we don't have a democracy; it just specifies the particular type of democracy we have: representative democracy.
&gt; "Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived; neither the immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor thieves, nor the greedy, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor robbers will inherit the kingdom of God." I Corinthians 9-10 Paul was a false teacher, a servant of Satan, and an anti-Christ. &gt; "Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell." Matthew 10:28 Jesus is equipping his disciples to deal with the trials they will face from their neighbors as they spread his ministry. That's not a comment on morality or salvation.
God is infinitely loving, so as long as you're not hurting your brothers or sisters God has no problem with it--and even if you are, God won't reject you--God will just want you to stop. Also, your username/flair combo is *incredibly* fucking confusing.
Replace the "r" in reddit.com in the address bar with "c" and you'll be able to view them.
&gt; I think the problem here is that you think something isn't harmful, something which the Christian scriptures (and certainly the Qur'an) seem to declare harmful. Scriptures were written by people. People are fallible and prone to error. So we have to measure what they say against what we know of God in our hearts. Treating peoples' writings as authorities in their own right is to essentially elevate those authors to the status of gods themselves--it's polytheism. &gt; Depends on what you mean by 'reject'. Romans 1 has been thrown around several times (including by myself) in this thread so God will absolutely give a person to his deviant desires if that person so chooses, according to Paul. Paul was a false teacher, a servant of Satan, and an anti-Christ, though, so what he has to say on the matter really isn't important. &gt; I used to be Eastern Orthodox. Thought it'd be ironic to keep the name. Fair enough. Calques are awesome--when I was studying Russian, I was quite proud of myself when I figured out what "pravoslavie" meant on my own without having to look it up.
&gt; Democratic leadership platforms put religious voters between a rock and a hard place this past election How so? They could vote for a candidate and party whose ideals represented Christ (the Democrats) or one whose ideals represented Satan (the Republicans). That so-called "religious" voters chose Satan instead of Christ is entirely on them.
It's not a sin. God's fine with homosexual sex. The idea that there's something wrong with it comes from people trying to pursue a secular agenda and justify their secular passions instead of submitting to God as God is.
&gt; Homosexuality is an abomination just like abortion is an abomination God disagrees.
&gt; I like to have a peek into the cockpit while...getting off To each their own, I suppose...
IN AND AROUND THE LAKE
The problem with Jordan Peterson, of course, is that he's a neo-Nazi white-supremacist Satan-worshipping moron who thinks women belong in the kitchen.
&gt; Jesus said that there will always be poor people No, he didn't. &gt; Personal charity of time and resources is a spiritual dynamic that trains us to not cling to wordly power or possessions. If you think the point of charity is for the benefit of the giver than the receiver, you've got it backwards. &gt; Government charity that takes our money at gunpoint It's not your money or my money, it's society's, and society is just reclaiming what rightfully belongs to it. Capitalism is an authoritarian slave system. There's a reason no freedom-loving Christian supports it.
The Soviet Union was not a communist society. At all. Communism = stateless, classless, moneyless. None of those apply to the USSR.
The problem with Jordan Peterson, of course, is that he's a neo-Nazi white-supremacist Satan-worshipping moron who thinks women belong in the kitchen.^1 1. Basically every public statement he's ever made.
I don't see it as an issue even there, unless it's at a safety-critical program area (like shooting sports, aquatics, pioneering, etc.) or distracting *others.* If your inattention causes you to fail to meet the merit badge requirements, that's your own business. Anyway, that's the policy I take in my classroom on distractions--and while I teach at the college level, which is beyond where most Scouts are, given the nature of Scouting and the fact that we should generally encourage Scouts to set their own agenda and priorities so long as they're not endangering their or others' safety, I'd be fine with leaving them to decide for themselves whether or not they want to pay attention at classes at camp.
&gt; 2 Timothy 3:16-17 All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the servant of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work. See, if I'm not already inclined to think that the author of Timothy is an unquestionable authority, then I'm not terribly likely to be convinced by this. And I'm *not* inclined to think that the author of Timothy is an unquestionable authority. That's because *God* is the only unquestionable authority, and so to elevate the words of a fallible man to that kind of status is to apotheosize him. And since I'm a Christian (rather than a polytheistic pagan such as yourself) I'm not interested in doing that. Scripturalism is polytheistic paganism.
Unlike with Clinton Portis, though, it's hard to feel sorry for Curt Schilling because he's just a gigantic fucking morally-degenerate piece of shit.
Yeah, the Old Testament is a false god. See, God is perfect, which means that God never changes. Since the God of the New Testament is a lot different from the god of the Old Testament, and since the God of the New Testament is the real God, then the god of the Old Testament is an invention. Why do you worship a false god?
&gt; Arts and humanities careers are also the ones least likely to be replaced by machines as AI technology progresses. They're also the ones more likely to help undermine the patriarchal cishet-normative white-supremacist status quo, which is why Redditors are scared shitless of them.
peak modernity!
&gt; Paul was also considered the prime apostle by the Marcionites and various Gnostic sects. None of which would accept homosexuality Good thing I'm not a Marcionite or a Gnostic, then, but a Christian. &gt; Meanwhile Jesus was a lot less lenient than Paul, and affirmed the validity of the Mosaic Law that said homosexuals are to be put to death Jesus did no such thing. Please stop making up lies about Jesus.
In other words, you're talking about people who are actually progressive versus people who actually are not progressive in any meaningful sense.
I always love it when a team's advancement through the playoffs is equal to the probabilities. Every year, 1 in 6 playoff teams make the Super Bowl. Every year, 1 in 3 playoff teams make the Championship games. It's perfect.
[I'll just leave this here...Jeff Fisher is awesome](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFglhGLUWU4&amp;t=1m34s)
For ISIS. The man is basically the ISIS recruiter-in-chief. Which means he's giving material support to a terrorist organization.
Yeah, fuck stopping the damage, what really matters is that we preen and show off how pure we are!
Wow. You're a despicable fucking piece of shit. "What really matters is that we get to teach people a lesson, no matter how many people have to die in the process."
If you reject everything America's about, you're not a real American.
