867, limit to counts, and nobody gets to be Nantes.
Technically it was not the SAS, but the precursor. But more importantly he was SOE. We literally don't know what he did for most of the war because its still classified. We do know that at the end of the war he was tasked to do Nazi hunting.
&gt; The year of the leaks. &gt; &gt; The year of the butterfly effect. &gt; &gt; The year of Dorne... &gt; &gt; And now it's watch has ended. But, in the Year of the Shadow War, it became something greater: our last, best hope... for victory.
I liked that splat.
Reekdepmtion!
Varys, what.
HYPE
Oh god, Olly using Benjen...
And the dude Bran is training under is Aemon's great-uncle whose been missing for 50 years.
&gt; This is more contentious than legalizing meth, I think. There needs to be some provision for allowing plea bargains. The correct policy, I think, is to limit them to 3% of the cases that a prosecutor hears in any given calendar year. Jesus fucking Christ. Do you know how much that would break the system? **In California, its only ~3% of convictions that *aren't* plea bargained!** Not saying it's not a noble goal, but you'd need to massively increase the staffing of every court in the country.
BTW: Over powered counts are: Halfdan Whiteshirt of Jorvik: 6k event troops Halsteinn of Nantes: 2k Interesting character guide: http://www.ckiiwiki.com/Interesting_characters_guide
I might play as one of the others, but in MP it seems less fun as less glorious xwedodah is available.
Dang it, forgot to account for daylights savings, got another hour.
Could use more of the rivers.
&gt; Vinci, a city outside of LA Note: Vinci is clearly [Vernon](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Vernon,_California), a town with very big scandals as its essentially 100% industrial and commercial land and only certain city employees live in the city, thus making the city employees the only voters. There's a whole history of corruption allegations and investigations, and attempts to deincorporate the city, as it acts as a sort of tax haven, as the businesses there don't have to pay for any of the residential expenses of their employees (like parks, schools, etc.). Senior employees often had multiple jobs, with raises or extra jobs thrown in right before retirement such that the city manager was getting over 500k a year (plus benefits) in retirement. The Vinci water tower shown in the establishing shot is the Vernon water tower with a bit of photoshop.
Dyeing for his art.
The traditional fastest guy is 83 year old Lyle Denniston. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyle_Denniston Mostly because he uses a phone.
Ok new Mason does it right.
whose trying to catch Charles Manson, but doesn't realize it yet.
Woo actually seeing the aftermath!
When's the Hannibal food book coming out? I want me some of this glorious dream dinner.
Ugh too much whispering. Had to turn on closed captioning.
Ah crap, Jack is gonna have to go hunt Hannibal so he can pay for Bella's drugs.
http://i.imgur.com/QaDbboN.png
I am Jack's mad face.
The Germans run the ECB, and German fears of Hyper-inflation are a big motivating factor behind their strategy. The ECB thus wants Austerity to keep inflation down. Which is horrible for the Greeks who need inflation. I personally think the ECB's policies are stupid and short sighted. Its hurting the overall economy of the Eurozone except for high value exports, mostly centered in Germany (like cars and industrial equipment). And it's why the EU will eventually need to give more balance to population rather than wealth. I think the current formula for voting and purse powers in the EU that are essentially undemocratic and make it hard for the EU to work as a government.
Because it's a **central bank**, which means its owned by the government (in this case the EU), and its purpose is to control monetary policy. Its mostly Germans, and they wrote the initial rules, which are very anti-inflation.
It sounds like the judge is convinced the divorce was a way to dodge paying the wife's expenses. Which means they probably didn't get a lawyers advice on how to structure things several years ago when it would of made a bigger difference. Unfortunately a scenario like this is common, one spouse is relatively independent while the other requires expensive nursing care. There's ways to deal with it, but it's specialist work for an elder care attorney to deal with (and it varies a lot depending on the situation).
&gt; OS Kirk and Spock were also played by Ukrainian Jews. It also featured the first interracial kiss. The Animated Series added more crew including way more non-humanoid aliens as crew such as M'ress (lion woman) and Arex (3 limbs). &gt; TNG Troi was also an alien played by a Greek lady, which Poland ball shows gets a lot of shit. Its also important to note 3 senior officers were women. Riker's sexuality was suppose to be more fluid was well, but they wussed out (star trek wusses out a lot). &gt; DS9 Worf comes on over to DS9. Casety Yates whose also black. Dax ended up exploring lots of gender identity issues, including having same sex kissing (but again they wussed out). Plus again 3 senior officers who are women. &gt; Voyager Forgot Torres, whose character's name even suggest the actress is hispanic, although I think she's actually mixed race with a Spanish dad and black mom. And of course 4 female senior officers. &gt; Enterprise Yeah they didn't try so hard here compared to the last few.
It really depends on what you carry too, or if you're from a ethnic group with specific genetic issues. For example, if Huntington's runs in your family, its a horrible idea.
Tan, she's Scottish.
What makes it more fucked up is how many of the men volunteered for Combat, forming the 442nd Infantry. The most highly decorated unit in the US army was all Japanese American. Nearly 10,000 purple hearts for a unit whose size was only 4,000 (lots of replacements). One of those men was Daniel Inouye, who became the first Asian congressman. He lost his right arm in the war. And he still faced horrible discrimination when he came home, as Hawaii had massive racial policies intended to keep the white land owners in charge. EDIT: forgot to mention he got denied the medal of honor mostly on account of his race for the incident where he lost his arm.
&gt; I forgot just how open Riker sometimes was. The alien in question was played by a female actress, but was portrayed as being very androgynous. Ultimately, the episode itself was a huge take on gender identity norms, though it was primarily an allegory for homosexuality acceptance and an attack on those religious programs that seek to "cure" gay people. Apparently Franks fought hard for them to cast a man as the genderless alien, but lost.
Beat the Byzantines by becoming them...
Or-y-Gun if you're from the northern part of the state. Or-y-gin if you're more southern.
&gt; But the ACA didn't address TORT reform, which is why American physicians have to practice defensive medicine and constantly worry about lawsuits California has had a Cap on medical torts for 40 + years without increasing the cap. Doesn't seem to make a difference.
&gt; The study is careful to note that because Uber drivers are self-employed, those numbers don’t take into account driving expenses such as gasoline, depreciation, or insurance that employed drivers would have covered. Cool, so I may make 16 dollars per hour before accounting for my insurance, gas, and maintenance, compared to 12 where my costs are covered...
&gt; Absolutely not true. Uber covers the driver with commercial quality insurance for the times that the app is active Only since the middle of last year when they were sued and were forced to by the CPUC http://www.mercurynews.com/business/ci_25345400/san-francisco-uber-announces-new-insurance-policy-drivers
Start ups doing this include AirBnB, Uber, Lyft, Handy, Eaze, Luxe, Washio, Saucey...
I was using one example of 16 versus 12 to show that if you stop to think about 3 dollar a gallon gas prices, they're almost certainty making less in that city than a taxi driver.
&gt; they rush the field prematurely Cal loves them for that. [The Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfebpLfAt8g)
It's all bretbart crap
Actually you should bitch. The ADA operates under what's called a [private attorney general](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general), which requires people to sue to actually enforce the ADA.
Bear seems like a pretty happy dude.
Ass Ass Ass Ass Astronomical leader
They also believed in slavery. So holding their opinion as holy writ is suspect.
1. The Coven knew where she was. 2. The Coven can reach into hell. 3. The Coven can bring back the dead. So assuming she's totes dead for good is silly. And I think Sarah Paulson's Supreme is about to fuck up the cortez in a way she couldn't in murder house.
The time between shutting down the Sears catalog and Amazon being founded is less than a year.
It wasn't necessarily misogynistic, the study they cited showed its very much a generational divide.
Robert was a lazy general. He was a great fighter. Would of been happier if he was a sellsword.
The Jerkest Jerk who ever Jerked.
Any moron can plant a cake!
Which organ?
Scarlet was right, we were reborn. Except for her... Lol even Scarlet knows she's kinda pointless.
Given time, Democracy always works. The biggest problem is the need for reforms to make it more successful. Usually transparency, and some form of check and balances. But jesus, Germany and Japan were the biggest dictatorships on earth, and are doing pretty good. A good chunk of the Warsaw pact is now part of the EU. Even Taiwan has transitioned from a one party dictatorship to multi-party democracy.
Mainland China has grown quite a bit since Jackie Chan got started.
I love it, except no gloves, and does not look antiseptic. Worried the OP is gonna get a massive infection so close to their brain.
I'm in Wheaton. My wife works a quarter mile away and due to how many roads are ice and how she's gotta deal with the hill its very slow to get home.
Here's a paper on it. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=888419
A. Fuck your high horse. B. I'm providing generalized legal information, not actual specific advice based on facts. C. A private attorney general action is a specific style of action which requires a private person to bring a lawsuit to enforce a law. The Attorney General part comes in because the person is acting in liu of the Attorney General. The government, in the form of the Attorney General, has the option to take over the lawsuit. The intention is to shift the cost of enforcement off the Government, as private actors can make money enforcing the law.
1. Your tone and manner are offensive, especially as you began by attacking me for using a term you were simply [unfamiliar with](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general). 2. I am barred in my jurisdiction. My state's PR rules require use application of facts to an interpretation of law to be legal advice. 3. Private Attorney General Actions are similar to Qui Tams, I don't generally practice in the relevant courts to say how much. Here's a law review article: http://www.billrubenstein.com/Downloads/private_attorney_general.pdf Here's the key ADA CFR via LII https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/28/part-36/subpart-E Notice how it sets up the private right of action, but gives an intervening right for the Attorney General.
Unfortunately that's too specific of a question to answer ethically as it dependent on where you are, and whose suing and why. (Among other things, many states have their own ADA rules as well as the Federal ADA).
Where's a Costco with booze? I miss that being in Montgomery county.
Yup, good old Kirkland. I like their Crown knock off, although their Vodka is amazing. (supposedly they bought a factory from Grey Goose)
Specifically they've taken up a number of related beliefs that for various reasons they are immune to government acts. There's 3 main types. 1. Religious Types: You see them with stuff like license plates and homemade driver's licenses issued by the 'Kingdom of God'. They tend to believe that only a government following God's Rules is valid. Thus they can ignore the government. 2. Diplomatic types: These folks tend to either attempt some fig leaf of succession or buy passports online from someone else who is. They try and argue they are thus diplomats, and have diplomatic immunity as 'Ambassadors' from the Republic of Makebelieve. 3. (And most common) are Constitutionals, They believe that the Constitution is real, but how that the government is using legal tricks that a savvy person can avoid. They tend to use fringe interpretations using stuff like the fringe of a flag to argue the court is applying admiralty law, and is inapplicable to them. There's also lots of talk about legal strawmen, or contracts with the government, in the belief that the government is trying to trick them into stuff like paying taxes or getting drivers licenses. In short, its mostly people who really don't want to pay taxes/fees/get car insurance/get their license reinstated and think the law is magic, and if they can use the right words they are immune.
Just saw the first flakes here in Wheaton
Is that when those fuckers have the fire alarm go off? - A neighbor who looks in your windows.
Gareth's Disney Princess Song...
Set your DVRs..
Except in 2004 at least, the right wing lurch worked. Mostly because Bush was able to use Gay Marriage to scoop up some folks in the middle, and the right has been better organized in swing states. But the Right in the US has been fighting demographic shifts since 2000. America is a little less all white, the mega collation of Evangelical Christians has fallen apart, and the democrats are better at using social media for organizing voter turn out. (specifically stuff like making sure people in swing states get to the polls).
Note that the Taxi's have a lot more restrictions on them. Uber/Lyft tend to get around them. Sometimes more legally than not. For example, there's insurance issues. Uber for the longest time tried to argue they weren't doing a livery business and didn't need livery insurance, which is far more expensive (mostly because livery insurance factors in the miles and has bigger requirements for accident coverage). But there's additional stuff, like how they often have to subsidize dial a ride services or offer services to the disabled. Uber and Lyft have been having issues where some of the drivers have ditched on rides that have seeing eye dogs.
It's one half of Jeffster!
Hey did the snow collapse your pool cover? My wife wants to know
Stacy was the one whose image we don't use anymore.
This owner is crazy with a capital K. Clear she's got hoarding issues and won't accept taking a loss or throwing anything out. Hence the frozen food since she can avoid any losses.
Statutory Rape is a strict liability crime where not knowing age, or even being lied to is not a defense. Perhaps its a shitty law, but that's the breaks.
And not even all American States have this law. But Tinder is based out of LA, which is in California, which has 18 as the age of consent.
Otoh the state where Tinder is Headquartered is one of those states.
He's still mad that he didn't buy Geico.
Japan does this now after massive amounts of fraud. Turns out while Japan does have longevity, more than a few folks were hiding deaths to get benefits checks.
Additionally, in California, a divorce attorney can be paid via a lien on the family house. Its intended for a case like this, with stay at home parent who has little to no personal resources, although there may be decent shared assets.
&gt; 'd rather finish school asap and pass the bar and then start working Dude, I went to a 2nd tier Cal school about 100 spots up the ranking from yours. It took me 3 years to get a law job, despite being patent barred, and top 10% of my class and passing the bar the first time. At best your law school has a 38% bar passage rate. You're in the back half of the class already. You may take several years to pass the bar. And odds are you will never pass the bar in your current condition. Further, your school does not have a great rep. Even being top 5% of your class is going to be rough. And you're not going to be in that. Dude, you fucked up, but you have options now. I'm assuming you're pretty young. Under 25. I'd take the time off now and regroup. Go into the work force. You currently only have a 30k mistake. Sucks, but that happens. You were not ready or mature enough for law school. Your law school was one that you need to really think about. You do not want a law school ranked below 100 unless its free, and even then you need to weigh options. What you really need to do is mature. Go spend 5 years working, mature. Retake the LSAT and try to get a decent score. Make a compelling life story, and find a cheap state school even outside of california. Right now you're struggling to stay in a relatively bad law school at high tuition with low odds of bar passage and low odds of any sort of meaningful job. IF! you succeed, you're looking at 10 years of struggle to find work and build a career. If you take off and go work, you will mature, get better LSAT schools, you can have 10 much less shittier years to get a chance of legal employment. Over those ten years off you might find another option. That's ok too. Being laser focused on law now isn't a great idea. You went to law school when you weren't personally mature enough or knew enough about how you performed to be ready for the tests.
O chem or P chem? O. Chem is better with masters/phd since you can do pharma. Also fuck law school right now, go get a patent examiner job (USAjobs.GOV). Become an examiner, get your night school at GWU Law paid for by the government, and avoid all debt and make 100k+ while in law school.
A masters is nice, and means higher step/grade for the patent office. The nice thing is they have a long lead process, so you can easily apply while in school. You will almost certainly have to move to DC. but really its worth it. Also to be fair, o-chem is a bit more overcrowded than some fields, so a masters will help. Otoh, organometallics (nasty fucking shit!) seem less common. My managing partners both actually went to Catholic University instead of GWU. (theres like 2 other options I think). It's really common in the DC area to be an examiner first, and that is where most biotech work is anyway. I actually have a physics/chemE undergrad double major, and a failed stab at a phd before I went back. I was part of the crazy bubble years which made finding employment a bit harder. Doing via the PTO means guaranteed employment, no issues with the patent bar, and minimal debt. Not to mention maryland and virgina have joke bars compared to my cal bar.
Bandon? Cause they are owned now by Tillamook
Check here http://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/OED_GRB.pdf Page 4 of the PDF identifies the majors as well as the CS accreditation requirements. "*Acceptable Computer Science degrees must be accredited by the Computer Science Accreditation Commission (CSAC) of the Computing Sciences Accreditation Board (CSAB), or by the Computing Accreditation Commission (CAC) of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET), on or before the date the degree was awarded." Then option B: i. Op tion 1: 24 semester hours in physics. Only physics courses for physics majors will be accepted. ii. Option 2: 32 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 24 semester hours in biology, botany, microbiology, or molecular biology. The 8 semester hours in chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in two sequential courses, each course including a lab. Only courses for science or engineering majors will be accepted. iii. Option 3: 30 semester hours in chemistry. Only chemistry courses for chemistry majors will be accepted. iv. Option 4: 40 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 32 semester hours of chemistry, physics, biology, botany, microbiology, molecular biology, or engineering. (For Computer Science, see other acceptable course work.) The 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in two sequential courses, each course including a lab. Only courses for science or engineering majors will be accepted. For Computer Science, see other "Other Acceptable Course Work." All acceptable coursework for Options 2 and 4 must be for science or engineering majors x. Other Acceptable Course Work: Under Option 4, up to four semester hours will be accepted for courses in design engineering or drafting. Also, under Option 4, computer science courses that stress theoretical foundations, analysis, and design, and include substantial laboratory work, including software development will be accepted. Such courses include the representation and transformation of information structures, the theoretical models for such representations and transformations, basic coverage of - 7 - algorithms, data structures, software design with a laboratory, programming languages with a laboratory, and computer organization and architecture. Other acceptable courses in computer science include artificial intelligence and robotics, networking, linear circuits, logic circuits, operating systems, and software methodology and engineering. However, the courses may not be substituted for the eight semester hours of chemistry or physics required under Option 4.
Most importantly: Option 4: 40 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 32 semester hours of chemistry, physics, biology, botany, microbiology, molecular biology, or engineering. (For Computer Science, see other acceptable course work.) Then its that big list of various courses which can count. The big thing is you need 8 semester hours of chemistry or physics that are actual engineering level physics/chem PLUS 32 hours.
Go be a patent examiner first, its cheaper, quicker, and a back door to being a patent agent. To do that, find patent examiner on USAJOBS.gov The USPTO hires in spurts, but go work for a year or two while you do LSATs and figure out which DC area law school will take you. Catholic and GW have night programs full of examiners. Why do this? 1. PTO has various reimbursement programs they offer from time to time to make law school free. 2. Lots of examiners to attend with, so makes it much easier for finding jobs afterwards, etc. 3. Get paid while you work, with a phd you can make 100k+ from the patent office within 3 years.
&gt; Who is to know he's not a lair or a psychopath Honestly this reminded me of an Episode of 'King of the Hill' where they pressure their niece to keep dating the president of Larsen Pork Products. In the end he was a psycho trying to control the niece to re-enact a mural on his nursery wall.
Shoot, at this point is Dany the legal heir to all the dead claimants?
Honestly my firm's partners and of counsels all went examiner-night school route. They worked at big law known patent firms with night school JDs from one of several DC schools. Considering they graduated with no debt and a firm understanding of an art unit, it was pretty rewarding for them. Sometimes I wish that I did that (but I met my wife by going to law school where I did).
I did the majority of the high level fishing for my server's AQ gates in Vanilla. Hours upon hours in Winterspring. Like real fishing I was drunk most of the time.
The whiskey thing was wide spread. Roads sucked in much of the US, so bringing crops to market in distant cities was a pain, and it was a lot less work to make grain into alcohol and take that to market rather than take the grain.
Otoh, it beats the previous spy satellites which used film, and had to drop the film capsules back to earth. (Some of them had multiple capsules so it could drop the film after a set amount of time). The movie 'Ice Station Zebra' involves the Russians and Americans racing to get to one of these capsules first.
Lazy tool. It just shows you patents that were granted 20 years ago. Which doesn't necessarily mean they expired today. Some of them were expired for years before that since there's several things which affect the date. For instance, patents filed before June 8, 1995 and for patents that were still in force on June 8, 1995, the patent term is either 17 years from the issue date or 20 years from the filing date of the earliest U.S. or international (PCT) application to which priority is claimed (excluding provisional applications), the longer term applying. Meaning some of these patents actually expired up to 3 years before. Not to mention there's an extension for patents which take a long time to process (mostly pharma due to FDA compliance), meaning they may actually still be in force. And these things called terminal disclaimers which can significantly reduce the length of the patent. This is a lazy replacement for actual research, and is just someone who made a website doing a custom google patents search for patents granted 20 years before.
Yup. Next panel would be homeless break into the place, start living there, as the true landlords lose track of the place, or get in a legal dispute. Property loses value, eventually getting torn down/sold off.
SF is weird because new housing is really hard to make, and there's no room to expand within the city. Otoh lots of it is a bubble, and its caused by speculators/people hiding wealth. SF is going to hurt when the next bubble bursts in Tech and Housing at the same time. Way too many people in tech came in after the dot-com crash and didn't learn their lessons. When a few thousand apartments suddenly come on the market at the same time due to techies needing to liquidate their houses, the prices will crash. Otoh how far and how much is an open question.
The Pearl also doesn't fit since it was mostly industrial properties that became squatters places back in the 90s after the industrial crash. Hobos moved in and did heroin, then artists took over some of the properties, which started the gentrification cycle. And it's never reached the banker stage, now it's mostly either techies or other professionals.
&gt;Lyft arrives in 5 min max, but lets say 10 min for the fun of it &gt; take off 30 minutes for the Lyft ride there and back At that point it's 40 minutes, you're better off with Red Line for 2.50 then a lyft ride.
&gt; The whole place should be done Hong Kong-style with 90-100 floor condo parks around a subway Yes, but NIMBYism is huge in SF, and SSF is fucked anyways because Menlo Park and Atherton sue the crap out of Caltrain and make BART a joke. &gt;All those two and three story houses have to go, those old victorian houses are going to kill a lot of people. People put outsized trust in older houses there. Yup, but they are iconic, and so people will pay insane amounts. I think the house from 'Full House' is worth something like 3 million dollars now. Maybe after the next big one wrecks some neighborhoods will there be the redevelopment that will actually reduce housing costs and make it so the police/firefighters/teachers/etc in the city don't need to drive 2 hours each way to get to work.
Pretty much yeah.
I just wanna tell you both: good luck. We're all counting on you.
Cinderella story, out of nowhere, former greenskeeper, now about to become the Masters champion. It looks like a mirac- it's in the hole! It's in the hole!
I'll have to find the exact cite, but the example I remember is a potential client comes in to seek help for a PI claim, lawyer says I don't do that, but the statue of limitations is X years, when its actual -1. Non-client waits due to advice, was able to seek damages for detrimental reliance on the lawyer's advice.
I personally liked "Mizumono" better, the visuals of it with Hannibal walking out after his murderous spree in the house into the rain was just incredible.
"Would you like me to lie to you now?"
Interesting enough I know a guy who lived in that exact same house like a year or two before this incident.
&gt; The Killing Fields A better example is 'The Year of Living Dangerously' where they had a dwarf white woman play an Asian man. And win an academy award for it.
&gt; They don't own the stories they came from, but they own their interpretations of those characters and stories A better example is 'Wizard of Oz'. The Judy Garland movie is still under copyright but the basic story is in the public domain. So if an element refers to the movie, its copyrighted, but to the story its public domain. So if you use elements of the Judy Garland movie, you can be sued. For instance, commemorative plates featuring Judy Garland as Dorthy are a violation of MGM's copyright (not to mention potentially the right of publicity of Judy Garland). A really clear example is what color are the slippers. The slippers are ruby slippers only in the movie. The slippers in the movie are silver. So as a result there's copyright protection for adaptions and other derivative works, but its thinner than the original. It only protects the new content.
Heck yesterday's top AdviceAnimal was also pretty close (Except it was a first date).
And shit, Pence is worse. Trump is a crazy Cheeto whose corrupt and doesn't know what he's doing. Pence knows what the fuck he's doing, and don't care about anyone whose not in his little niche of Dominonists. He read 'A Handmaiden's Tale' and thought it was a 'how-to guide'.
The DNC was asking for it, dressed like that.
But where will I do my drugs?
Ugh that update. I'm thinking either a love stuck mormon missionary or a more complicated crazy wife raising plan. I'm much more in favor of troll now.
This one is fun, and actually makes sense when you learn why. So you think the odds would be 1 in 365 to share a birthday? That's true. But the odds of not sharing a birthday are 364/365. That's only between two people. The odds of 3 people not sharing a birthday require that neither person has the same birthday as you or each other, so you need to multiple that number 364/365 by 363/365. As you add more people you need to multiple the odds of not sharing by another smaller number for each person. And while each of these numbers is ~99% it adds up when you're doing it 23 times.
I did the same. Went to a sleep clinic 3 months ago. I stop breathing 93 times an hour. I now have a CPAP machine and it's probably going to extend my life by 20 years due to lowering my blood pressure and reducing the stress on my body.
Lok'tar ogar!
&gt; depending on the state Nope, it's a federal law. Anywhere in the US it's illegal to create, possess or distribute.
Depends on from where. Big difference if its Beaverton TC or going from Ikea.
Reagan made the basic plan, GWB expanded it to cell phones. Racist white people blame Obama.
Consider starting the application process BEFORE the end. My school put final grades up after dates for new scholarship and transfers so you had to already be in the pipeline. Otoh it kinda depends if its a state school in a small market versus a meh 3rd Tier in a good market. Like going from USF to Boalt, GW to Georgetown or Brooklyn to NYU is very different than say from UofO to Lewis and Clark.
Also note that US issues with Slavery are different due to not only having the mix of different economies but also that Cotton became such a dominating force. The North had slavery, but between 1790 and 1800 nearly all of the 'north' outlawed slavery or began gradual manumission. Slaves were doing the jobs of servants or hired help. They weren't economically a corner stone. The Cotton Gin came during pivotal period. See while others talk about Indigo or Sugar, they were not widespread in the US. The US isn't great land for sugarcane or coffee. Indigo was valuable, but it had only limited areas it could grow, like South Carolina and Georgia. The thought during the founder's era was slavery would die out on its own. You see mechanisms in the Constitution for this, as slave trade bans were allowed after a set amount of time. Heck, even slave owner Jefferson signed the actual ban on transatlantic slave trade. Also the US had differing demographics than most of the New World. Most colonies using extensive slave labor were plantation focused, and/or had extensive native populations (like Mexico). In those places whites were never a majority. The europeans mixed with the natives and slave population to form a mixed race class between the slaves and the white owners/elite. Especially as white and black freely intermarried. Brazil is a notable country where intermarriage has led to a mostly mix raced demographic (Pardo is a common term). Intermarriage was more common in parts of the US during the founders era. But there was resistance as the jobs Pardo might take in Latin America, such as trades and middle management on plantations, were taken by poor white immigrants in the US. The Cotton Gin is an insanely critical invention to the US and also helps to explain the difference. The US banned slave trading right as the cotton gin took off. The big thing the cotton gin did was make it much easier to process cotton by removing the seeds via a the gin rather than by hand. It made cotton much more valuable for textiles, and represented a massive income potential for the Southern US. That cotton needed slaves to pick it. It was a hard job and not one well desired by free peoples. Slaves could be forced to pick (as well as tend) cotton on plantations and make obscene profits. The price of slaves steadily increased due to the new demand for slaves driven by cotton. But remember how I talked about the slave trade being banned? Led to a problem as there was no new source for slaves. Combine this with a larger free population of whites led to a crackdown on who was a slave and what you could do. Now the one drop rule and its variants came into play. Under these rules, anyone who was the child of a slave mother was a slave. Didn't matter the father's status, be it a freed slave or white master. It also became impossible to marry between the races, and even freeing slaves became more difficult. The value of slaves increasing made it harder to economically free your slaves, as they represented most of your capital that could be easily liquidated. This also ties into Cotton becoming the chief cash crop, as the plantation owners were usually in a cycle of debt payments caused by over-expansion to plant cotton, which eventually exhausts the soil of their plantations, causing a need to expand west. The conditions in the South due to cotton led to increased laws and harshness on African Americans, as even freed slaves may end up re-enslaved due to abuse of fugitive slave laws. The moral ugliness of this led to various justifications. Some of it was twisted religious interpretations, claiming for instance that Black people are the 'Children of Ham', and cursed by god to be black. Some of this was also belief that black people were inferior, and the white people were bringing them culture, or taking care of them, etc etc. This culture of justification of slavery existed long after slavery ended. People don't want to think their Grandfather was a monster. They will justify and explain, and rationalize away their ancestors acts. So after the Civil War this culture existed, and despite efforts during the reconstruction era to help freed slaves, it was always half hearted. The post-reconstruction southern governments clamped down on political rights for freed slaves and instituted what we now call Jim Crow. Basically massive restrictions on blacks, preventing them from freely integrating in society. Some of this was payback for reconstruction, some of this was a belief that blacks were inferior, some of this was just fear of social unrest. But in some places Black people were all but slaves again, working now as 'sharecroppers' and being paid only in worthless script. If they tried to leave, they were threatened with arrest for vagrancy, whose punishment was enforced labor. In some places this was effectively going on until the 1960s. Combine this with a sense that black people were 'the other' and there was very little social spending for African Americans. Separate schools with essentially no funding, schemes to suppress votes, being left out of various economic efforts such as the new deal, federally back mortgages, etc.
WTF is doing up at 3.
I love Hip Hop!
Sleep Clinics for fucks sake. Resisted for 10 years. Turns out I've got severe Apnea. Stop breathing over 90 times an hour when asleep. Getting a CPAP machine has helped a massive amount, I no longer stop breathing, no longer snore, and I've been losing weight and having better blood pressure because it turns out that sort of sleep disorder makes your entire body stressed.
It's gonna be like tape, still used by big enough systems but rare for consumers.
Lol it was so frustrating playing him with Epic Fetus.
Seriously, it's a great technique when it's a huge daunting list, especially when its for tasks that can easily be pushed back (until its so many it's overwhelming). Did this last time I moved, and it made my life less hell, as it's a matter of doing a couple items a day (like call and figure out utilities, clean individual rooms, box up clothes, etc).
The biopsy wasn't well informed, and it's part of a systematic misuse of black people as research subjects. Remember this is the same time as Tuskegee experiments. Furthermore, the family's medical information was published as part of the data to support HeLa cell use, and even the genetic code was published. Also this is the same era as Vivien Thomas and his mistreatment by the staff of John Hopkins. Graded and paid the same as a janitor, he was responsible for teaching a generation of heart surgeons. So in short, it feeds into a culture of mistrust against the medical establishment in the African American community, who feel they are at risk of being experiments rather than patients.
With Mos Def and Alan Rickman playing the leads.
&gt; notarized Grandma might be from Latin America, where Notario's are actually a form of lawyer. Unfortunately it's a common mistake and leads to fraud and scams common in California with 'Notarios' claiming they can help with legal documents.
[I still say its Purgatory. They all kinda suck, but can improve.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheGoodPlace/comments/5555q1/episode_discussion_s01e04_jason_mendoza/d88te36/) [Others have more discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheGoodPlace/comments/542ddv/episode_discussion_s01e03_tahani_aljamil/d7yllk5/)
Literally 4 people who don't think they are in Hell who are put in a room to torture each other for eternity.
Also Tahani is kinda shallow, desiring the fame and attention her sister got, and treating her social work as a means for that. She basic. All of her actions in the afterlife were also at first vanity things. Parties and so forth to feel like she fits in. Getting points so she can be better. Chidi is also one whose decision on what's ideal best means he's been the enemy of doing good. Instead of practicing ethics, he thinks about them. He's good a good intention, but he's so literally unable to decide it makes everyone miserable and he doesn't actually do good. His book is a rambling mess, he lacks his own theories and instead tries to use all the various different theories on ethics. Also, when Chidi is introduced to the concept there really is an objective score, he's not at all troubled at the nature of there being a bad place. The only problem is when he has subjective issues. He's so caught up in the concept of what is good and bad and ethical ramifications of his actions, he never acts. Jason is an idiot, whose a petty thief and horrible person, but also seems to be legit mentally impaired. Perhaps what ever organic brain damage that caused his behavior (I'm guessing huffing) doesn't apply to his afterlife self. I think that's why there's been glimpses of him being able to learn and grow.
Wilson's 14 points for peace?
Are you saying I should follow him and purposely do the opposite of this man's instincts? Is he George Constanza?
That and they streamlined the Martell family, removing Quentyn Martell. His story and plot line was actually interesting, and shows what Doran was actually doing while pretending to be a coward. But the way it played out in the last book was a shaggy dog story.
Florida actually has both. Alligators in the north, Crocodiles in the south.
The best one that's aged badly: O. J. Simpson is a. an R &amp; B singer. b. under indictment. c. embarrassed by his first name (Olivia). d. no one to fool with. Correct answer: d.
I mean more like a large number of Maltese who work abroad as Maltese translators for EU institutions required to have a speaker of every official language.
There's actually a fair amount of Maltese translator positions, because various EU entities, like the Office of Harmonization in the Internal Market (which does trademarks EU wide) needs to be able to translate every single official language, including Maltese.
Only assuming normal levels of voting. If turnout goes up to 2008 levels, it can and will make those safe seats unsafe.
Think of this as your doctor bringing in a specialist. Maybe you broke a bone and went to the ER. The trauma doc is good, but the doc will have a Radiologist consult. And if surgery is recommended, the doc will have an Orthopedic Surgeon do the actual surgery. Here your attorney is bringing in additional specialists. Possibly because one's known for a specific type of cross-examination. Maybe because they're better at specific trial motions. If you watch any show or movie about the OJ Simpson Trial, you'll see how there were a bunch of lawyers, but each had their specialty. Some are court room attorneys, some do deals. Some are great in front of juries, while others are great about very specific fields like DNA. Samething is happening here. You should ask when appropriate what experience the other firm is bringing in, and confirm any fee the additional law firm is coming out of the existing share. But that should also be in your agreement with the firm. None of this is unusual.
Which one? She's got two.
In a very narrow field of engineering, like traffic engineering, holding yourself out to the public as an engineer without your PE is a violation. This dude was holding press conferences on the traffic lights in his home town, which is that field. He also applied for a job with the PE board, saying I'm an engineer, hire me.
Go here: https://www.scribd.com/document/346354143/mats1 Then read the related documents to see what he's actually charged with.
&gt; Very few actual engineering jobs actually require a PE license And traffic engineering in Oregon actually happens to be one. People are giving this article way more credit then it deserves for sensationalizing the topic. [Here is the actual defination for engineering under the board](http://arcweb.sos.state.or.us/pages/rules/oars_800/oar_820/820_040.html) its pretty limited to 4 areas, traffic engineering, structural engineering, geotechnical Engineering, and electrical engineering. Note EE by their examples is the design and practice of electrical systems for buildings.
&gt; Like, I'm pretty sure no software/chemical/process engineers would pass whatever tests the Oregon State Board of Examiners for Engineering and Land Surveying would put down as it's clearly aimed at the construction industry Which is why they don't aim it at them. [Their definations of engineer](http://arcweb.sos.state.or.us/pages/rules/oars_800/oar_820/820_040.html) only has 4 categories they care about. All of which are civil engineering, covering structural engineering, traffic engineering, geotechnical engineering and 'electrical engineering' (which is pretty much limited to building electrical systems). This dude was holding himself out as an engineer while discussing traffic engineering to the board. [He also talks about how he's been working in traffic engineering in his letter to the board ](https://www.scribd.com/document/346354143/mats1)
I urge you to read the rules which greatly narrow the law to only certain fields of engineering all of which are commonly understood to be PE fields. They only care because he's saying he's an engineer in the context of traffic engineering and he also tells the board he's been working within the field of traffic engineering.
In this case its because traffic engineering is a licensed and bonded field because they want to insure basic competency. Mostly because of a history of bad civil engineering causing disasters. The reason why engineer versus licensed engineer is a thing here is because of misleading the public. It's really easy to imply you're a licensed engineer by just stating you're an engineer. For comparisons's sake, there's this thing widespread in Spanish-speaking communities in the US called Noratio fraud. Notaries in Spanish speaking counties are a form of lawyer. Notary Public's in the US are not, they just stamp forms to prove dates. Noratio fraud is all about not saying you're a lawyer but saying your a noratio to Spanish speaking immigrants and charging thousands to stamp forms and fraudulently practice law. As a result there's a crack down on the term as it misleads people. Here the issue is the dude is not a licensed engineer with respect to traffic engineering, and his attempts to go to the media and the public and sell them on his system, while styling himself as an engineer is misleading. Especially when he's talking to the public about traffic engineering when that's not part of his education, training or experience. It's like doctor Oz's bullshit about green coffee. Doctor Oz is a surgeon. He's not competent to talk about green coffee messing with your blood chemistry.
Before, her last episode on Save by the Bell was 2 days after her first episode on cheers.
The good episodes of Raymond were fantastic. Heavily due to the strong writing. Ray himself is a weaker TV comic actor than Kevin James, so the acting on King of Queens usually had to make up for it. Both casts had strong supporting actors, especially Ray's parents and Jerry Stiller.
Why the fuck does a guy who has a waterfront summer home in a major area get so cheap to ask reddit for legal advice?
(References to crazy ass conspiracy theories that lizard people from another world occupy positions of power).
Lindsay: People hear the name Tobias, they think 'big black guy.' Tobias: Well, obviously, I'm not a big guy.
&gt;The children now love luxury. They have bad manners, contempt for authority; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise -- Socrates ~400 BCE
&gt; except for stem jobs Even then it's the right type of STEM job. Lot less process engineers around in Semiconductors due to larger and more centralized foundries, as well as the growth of fab-less companies using a few large foundries.
The big thing is their roll over shit is where it gets predatory and means they long since made a profit and covered deadbeats. EG say you make say 1k a month. your normal budget for stuff is like 900, with 100 left over. You do save and do a credit union, but its a struggle. Something breaks or an unexpected expense happens. you need 250 above what you've got saved/earned. Some lenders charge as much as 30 dollars per hundred, or more. A calculator I just checked said a 30 day loan for 250 would have a total payment of $357. So that means you can't even pay the interest off with your 100 bucks a month. you're actually owning more each month of paying. In 3 months of paying they made it back, but you'll owe now even more. Thats where these loans get fucked up. That's where there needs to be protections, to prevent people from rolling over their payday loans. Company only ever gave out 250, yet in a year will have made over 1,000 and you'll owe several times that. A short term high interest loan is ok. But not rollovers or other shit that keeps people with little choice on the hook. People go to these lenders usually because they lack a social network able to come up with that 250 they originally needed. So policies like roll over loans that count as new loans make people more in debt.
$270k in Emoluments from a foreign prince.
Most are actually made in the US, the podcast Startup talked with some of the people making them, as they used to work for American Apparel. Ironically lots of undocumented immigrants work there.
It was, and it didn't happen in the book. Which is why some people were upset with it.
Also shaking out what works, and if they are a spinoff or remake its where a show becomes its own. EG the US 'Office' changes its formula, while 'Parks and Rec' ditches its 'office' formula. Sometimes its also just really figuring out the characters and writing process. The pilot and first season need to introduce characters and establish stuff usually. Once stuff is established, and the characters exist, then you learn how to produce funny from it. The biggest danger is 'flanderization' where the characters become one note when before they were more interesting. However, that same process can also produce clarity as you know who the character is, so you can see how they would react.
I mean technically if his friend was an enlisted pilot in the army who transferred over in the 50s, it might be true. But then his friend would be at least 90 years old.
Possibly he never flew, and liked to imply he did. Lots of folks who did stuff like clerical work, refueling, or were cooks will bullshit what they did. Goes along with depression. Maybe he enlisted and the recruiter lied (cause they do that) and said if he enlisted he'd have a path to pilot easily. (It's possible, but from what I understand pretty difficult).
Oh, you're so stolid! You weren't like that before the beard.
[And it's not too difficult to track](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/trumps-company-isnt-tracking-all-the-money-it-gets-from-foreign-governments/527997/)
Aka the entire point of Firefly, where the rebels lost and go out to the frontier.
Also Boomer's started to take control of the Government in 77 as the demographic transition set in. The first crop of democrats were known as Watergate Babies. Funny enough they mostly thought New Dealism was unneeded and were the ones to get into neoliberal economics as the Nixon realignment made the big issues in America social and not economic. eg. Abortion, guns, gays, death penalty etc.
Otoh could Superman use Thor's hammerif he beat Thor? I'd think he'd probably be worthy. Batman probably not. Although classic Odin would like Batman way more.
&gt; the top of all-time in /r/bestoflegaladvice because it's often a bunch of people incriminating themselves Or landlocks.
That's the thing, Howard's not so much a lawyer as he's what's called a rainmaker. Howard is the guy who goes to lunches and plays golf. He goes to meeting and shakes hands. He shows up in court and sits next to the client. Howard is all about the service of the law. Chuck is the opposite. He's a guy whose all about the practice of the law.
At this point its foreshadowing. Chuck talking about getting better, the doctor warning about relapses. Chuck losing all his ties to the world and his chosen profession. Not to mention the discussion of his lanterns stacked on newspapers, and the final episode title being 'Lantern'. TLDR: Chuck's going to have a fire.
Technically she resigned in January. She's only been acting as patent office director since then.
That pun is Patently Obvious.
The point I'm making about PTAB judges is they were for a while not properly appointed. (More specifically BPAI judges). [John Duffy wrote a great paper on how the USPTO director did not pass the constitutional requirements to appoint BPAI judges ](https://files.alston.com/files/docs/DuffyArticle.pdf) as a result ~7 years of appointments were invalid. Congress responded by confirming their decisions, giving the power back to Sec. Commerce, and the Sec. Commerce backdating their appointments.
Sessions otherwise was never going to rise above his place in the senate. He has a horrible tarnished legacy before coming to the AG's office. Being rejected for a federal judgeship is a massive slam against someone. He didn't have the skills within the Senate either to be a powerbroker, as his base was always with neo-confederate wingnuts. This was Sessions thinking he had a chance, and not realizing Trump is fickle.
It's not about the confirmation, its about people willing to take their job. People are worried about their future if they associate with Trump. It's clear Trump is fickle, and there's a shit tonne of vultures about. There will be some opportunists who want the job. But Sessions was already one, and is getting thrown under the bus.
Also there's a few big topics you need to be completely honest about and either completely agree with your partner about or have an actual open and honest for realz compromise. The biggest ones are Kids, Marriage, Money. Do you want kids? How many, how soon? This can be a massive source of pain for people who are not actually honest about this. If you don't want kids and you know it, you need to be clear. Vice versa, if you want kids and you know it, you need to be clear. This is not a revisit in a year or 5 year topic. This is a hill your relationship lives and dies on. You cannot really change someone's mind on whether or not they want kids. You can agree on compromises like how soon, how many, and how (bio versus adopting). But you cannot compromise between Yes and No. If you think you can change their mind, you're wrong. You need to look in the mirror and realize you are the asshole, who cannot be honest with their partner. You are at most giving a bit of extra life to a relationship at the cost of your partner's long term fulfillment. You cannot convert someone who does not want kids to want a child. Similarly you cannot convince someone who wants kids to give it up. At most you can stall for time and create a bitter horrible ending. Similarly and related is marriage. You see this especially with couples who were dating before their mid/late twenties. People often will want to establish roots and create a home. Marriage to some people is a partnership and wonderful. Others, for their own reasons, hate the idea of it, and view it as a restriction to their freedom. This is one I see people push out often until ~30. Then its shit or get off the pot time. Now note, I do know couples that hate marriage per se, but are fine with a commitment. Basically something religious but not civil. That's ok if that's what you want, but that's something you need to agree on. Don't try and placate someone with a half ceremony. Lastly money. How big of priority is it? how much now versus later? What do you want to do with it? When do you want to retire? What do you view about debt and credit? What's worth to put on a loan, versus what's not? Now r/personalfinance may try to create a perfect answer, but the truth is its about what you guys can agree to live with. If you are both ok being squirrels saving for winter, and being on r/frugal, that's ok. If you both would rather spend more on today, and take trips while young rather than retire a year earlier, that's ok too. There are somethings that are going to produce less stress, like having someway to reasonably pay off an unexpected expense. But its about being on the same basic wavelength. If one of you is a miser who likes to save 90% of their income, and the other spends 90%, there will be conflict. There's other stuff about how you conceive of money. Will you put everything in a common account, or keep some separate, or do everything separate? People can make those all work, but if you disagree about handling money, it can create a very shitty relationship. Lastly, for everything else, learn how to communicate, both what you want to express as well as your feelings.
Also Calexit would trigger a second Civil War, this time waged with nuclear weapons. We are not the EU. The United States are not severable, and there is no exit clause. The Russians would love for the US to come apart like the USSR did. But there is no way the Union can end without it being war.
I hope OP finds a Mr. Tumnus to drag him out.
Probably because as he's sees it he's fighting the sin of homosexuality. Sexy sexy homosexuality, and those feelings it brings up in him.
A week after another pro-trump protester killed 2 people on the light rail.
Otoh in 6 months as the primaries start getting into gear and if there's a solid anti-trump pushback like the Tea Party pushed against the Neocons, suddenly you'll see a lot of changes.
This is a two step process, Bernie or Busters were not helpful. But the response from HRC supporters telling Bernie supporters to suck it up also did not help. When people are enthusiastic about a candidate, not only do they vote, but they drive other people to vote. Many people held their nose and voted for Hillary. But they weren't motivated to get out the vote. I'm hoping some more open and transparent primaries happen with a clearer convention compromise. Tim Kaine was a safe establishment choice for VP. But throwing in a progressive would have done wonders for party unity. At the same time, I do think HRC's policies tilted left in a way I was happier with, but the messaging sucked big time. We got told to fear trump, and for Bernie followers to fall in line. Nothing that got us actually excited about Hillary.
It wasn't just 2016. She's been in the national spotlight ~25 years. Lot of bullshit has been said about her, but enough of it causes doubts to creep in. Combine that with her inauthenticity. She put on a character ~35 years ago after Bill lost his first re-election. Blonde Hillary whose the Southern Governors wife is not who she is, and it clear public persona that's not natural. (Bill otoh oozed charisma). As a result she had people just not like her on a personal level. I've seen video of actual Hillary, the liberal New England educated lawyer, and I like that Hillary. Combine that with how the Clinton symbolize neoliberal policies within the democratic party, and it generates more pushback. Lastly, we need to do a DNC post-mortem on what went wrong. Everything from relying too much on consultants to run key DNC functions, to overly targeting voting, to not following up the 50 state plan, to failures to compete on the local level and losing redistricting fights.
That and the whole movie within a movie acting as propaganda and showing how uncomfortable it is when its on the otherside. Otoh, its Nazis. Fuck 'em.
Also Rommel's involved with the attempt on Hitler's life about 6 weeks later.
The 'Epic Mickey' games use this as a mechanic, as part of their attempt to rebrand Mickey. It was apparently more blatant in earlier drafts, with the idea being Mickey can be a scrappy anti-hero, or a paragon, depending on how you interpret him.
[Or when he was captured and forced to work for the Nazis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn20oXFrxxg)
/u/YourLovelyMan does elevate the discussion however, &gt;The reason is that, even though someone else might have negligently stopped or left an obstacle on the road, your not stopping in time is an intervening cause. It's a separate event from the initial negligent act, and it's the event that caused the damage. &gt;Like it or not, that's the formula the police, courts, and insurance companies have to work with. It sucks that you and I were caught in an unfair corner of it where there was nothing we could do to prevent it. &gt;But from a policy perspective it makes sense--we don't want people hitting stationary objects only to claim that they couldn't be avoided. It's too difficult to corroborate, and would leave victims out of luck.
The way he describes it is he only has liability insurance. That is insurance protecting damaged caused by him to others, not damage caused to him. Which is the most common bare minimum insurance, and thus what most people have.
I find that a more well nuisance response than was written on the blog. To me, the reaction isn't a 'ha-ha' you're gay, but rather why the hell should anyone care that much unless they're actively repressing and is miserable. The idea being OP should just learn to accept himself and he'll be much happier. Otoh, yeah, to some people being confronted with such a reality is not going to go well.
First of all have the social media crack down on a 'get in line' message, stop campaigning on 'her turn', focus on stronger together. Campaign on promises and instead of focusing on anti-trump, focus on pro democrat. Announce or leak cabinet staffing plans. Give several prominent slots to progressives (maybe Sec State even). The biggest mistake was not getting a compromise VP, either Bernie or someone acceptable to Bernie's followers. Yeah under traditional VP reasoning, Tim Kaine is a good choice as a swing state governor, but it didn't balance the geography of the ticket or the party wings. Hillary could claim potentially to be from the NE, the South or the Midwest depending on audience and context (Southern private career, NE school and Senate, Midwest birth).
The thing is Taxis mostly suck because this sort of industry always sucks over time, and corporate owners are dicks. For example, cab companies used to do brutal shit like make up a separate company for each cab. When there was an accident, that company would have the minimum insurance and capitol so the 'individual' cab company would just declare bankruptcy. Regulations caught up with them however. Now a days Uber and Lyft have done shit like avoid getting livery insurance for individual drivers until forced too. Individual car drivers using a normal policy have a livery exemption that prevents payout if you're doing livery work with a personal car on normal insurance. In part because livery work requires different and more expensive insurance and has a greater risk. Uber got caught having very limited insurance plans after a girl was hit by a driver on New Years a few years back. Uber tried to say the driver didn't have a passenger, so it shouldn't be on them. But the driver was between passengers and violating his private insurance policy by doing livery work. So no regular insurance. After the California Public Utility Commission cracked down on Uber they extended their gap coverage. Now Uber has used that gap coverage in marketing, but they were forced to get that insurance, and do everything they can do avoid regulations, often trying to get laws changed after they get caught violating them. Not to mention lots of other shitty policies and how they exercise poor control of drivers (multiple drivers using the same phone to get around bad driving records). Or their whole Ghost App designed to make it impossible for regulators to catch them.
Some of those are rent seeking, some of them were to solve serious problems. Most places have medallion laws due to the great depression. Folks got wiped out, but still had a car, so they became taxi drivers using their own cars. It led to places like NYC having a serious issue where no one could get around due to the sheer number of people hustling taxi services, and the drivers getting in public fights. Otoh the medallion system has been prone to abuse. Often it's interesting to read why these regulations happen to understand what you have to avoid when you repeal it.
Nah, its just the toupee parasites controlling both of them.
Regarding the Armour: we only adopted it because of a fundamental difference between Rugby and Football. Rugby is a contact sport. Football is a Collision sport. Every single play of American football has players going full speed into other players. Before we adopted it, we had a lot of deaths. [In 1905 alone we had 18 deaths](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2014/05/29/teddy-roosevelt-helped-save-football-with-a-white-house-meeting-in-1905/?utm_term=.409817a8ac12) part of the changes were done under Teddy Roosevelt which outlawed a lot of things including stuff like flying V wedges.
It's so bubbly, and cloying, and *happy*
Local bar associations are not usually a governmental group (state bar associations are), and are paid referrals. Competency in referrals vary considerably.
Exactly! He was a machine designed to hit blerns! I mean, come on, Wireless Joe was nothing but a programmable bat on wheels.
Also us fans had campaigns about going to Subway to promote chuck.
[Bonus of local media shaming the hell out of everyone involved](http://www.9news.com/news/local/next/longmont-housing-authority-invited-police-to-search-low-income-apartments-without-warrants/446388186) edit* and my title sucks. Fuck it, lets do it live.
The episode of Sliders that was like our world but like one thing was different.
Love how ass covering that sounds compared to media inquiries.
Nope, he refused and was impeached.
&gt; If "shit" is actually in the name, you won't find a federal registration because it's not eligible. Note this might change this month depending on how Lee v. Tam turns out. Consult an actual lawyer rather than us jerks on the internet.
In about 9-12 months as the primaries get going and anti-trump republicans are organized and well funded, we're going to see some sudden shifts.
I disagree, its about making sure political foes are disenfranchised by declaring drug users to be dealers, thus felons unable to vote. Profit is just a nice side effect.
Go ask in /r/portland. It will go well.
I just hope she's capable of staying clean.
And the reason so many car lots, pawnshops, strip clubs, bars, and payday loan places are right outside military bases. Especially car lots promising easy financing for shiny fast cars right next to bases where an 18 year old just got paid and thinks he's rich. Freaking predatory. Need to put like half a newbie's bonus and salary into a trust for a couple years until they've grown and learned. Same thing for their ability to marry. Alas uncle sam ain't your daddy.
Hence the ending line &gt;Alas uncle sam ain't your daddy. Supposedly there is more instructions now due to the sheer number of people who get into trouble when they first get paid. But like preventing teens from marrying, it's not going to do much to stop it.
Scalia was legit, and he was talented. Yeah he was political, but he's also been the best advocate for originalism, which has led him interesting places. Thomas is more questioned for a few reasons: 1. He's had less qualifications than many other recent justices, with more overtly political roles and less academic or judicial background. Yes he was an appeals court judge, but for only 14 months prior to being tapped as a justice. He was head of the EEOC, and a state prosecutor before that, and explicitly political in his EEOC role. 2. His harassment of Anita Hill was pretty nasty. 3. His belief that oral arguments are silly means he almost never talks in hearings. 4. He replaced Thurgood Marshall as the 'black guy' on the court. So replacing the most respected African American lawyer in US history who fought in Brown V. Board of education, with someone whose publicly against affirmative action. Shifting the balance of the court in the process. 5. He's more reliability partisan than nearly any other justice. 6. He's had issues with conflicts of interest, especially those of his wife. All of that said, he is a skilled writer, has a good academic pedigree, really did have some high level experience before coming to the court, and is fairly consistent in his ideology. (Ironically becoming the one to save the recent anti-gerrymandering decision by joining with the liberal wing).
Its a not unreasonable belief, but his disengagement oral arguments, which are the most widespread version people hear, harms his reputation with lay people.
[For comparison's sake, the National Theater doing King Lear in a modern setting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_womZ_BE0Q&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=14s) The point is the entire beginning of it is the King has all his family and vassals ordered to flatter him. The daughter that refuses is the only one that actually loves him. The others just want to manipulate him for their own ends. EDIT: Oh yeah and the play involves him banishing the one who spoke true, splitting half his kingdom between the other two children, and getting imprisoned so they could take the rest. Eventually the third daughter returns with a failed french invasion to free him.
I will say it differs quite a bit depending on whether or not he was writing on a few subjects like gays and abortion where his logic was much more suspect. On subjects like search and seizure it was more interesting and nuanced. I do commend him for bringing back the Confrontation Clause in the 6th Amendment, which has been huge in letting people actually question forensic evidence.
In most places you fill yourself, and people want to pee/get something at the little store/space out. So they made a little lever that keeps it filling. There's an automatic shutoff valve for when full, but like people are saying, it breaks or doesn't work all the time. Here the original poster left it on, went inside, spaced out, and came back to it still going, and the auto-cutoff didn't work. You're not really suppose to leave it, but people do all the time. So OP panicked and wants to blame the gas station for the failure, when its more her fault for filling ~60 Liters.
Sorry, what I meant was it the troop itself doing the active participation, or something with multiple troops. Back a long time ago I did some camps around Oregon, and most of them were low key and might have a quick service/blessing thats super generic because there's usually a mix of denominations that don't like other denominations services.
He probably sang like a canary and helped provide evidence against others.
Its amazing the chorus you get when a pension is at stake.
&gt; only around 6% of the contiguous US is hot desert Note its exceptionally larger if you include our 'cold deserts' which includes the Great Basin and most of the Columbia Basin east of the Cascades. Those are only cold relatively speaking.
Yeah but did you have sex?
Impossible to say because it depends on so many things. How much money you made, what your potential life long income is (which includes not only your education level, but guesses on how far you'd rise within your industry), as well as your ability to work in other functions, and your costs of care. Not to mention what percentage fault the company is, what their insurance and market cap is, etc. It's well worth your time to find a reputable lawyer. From the sound of it, this happened a bit of time ago and there are some deadlines you may run up against. It's worth your time to at least have a consultation with a local attorney attorney to understand if there is a potential case.
Does it even need to go to the house? The Senate and President have authority over foreign relations, not the house.
They're putting in Goldie from the beginning, so I think that's a good sign.
Note: the extent and ability to get a non-compete varies considerably. Some states almost always find them unenforceable. Other states love them. Then there's a non-solicitation agreement which is different, and would be against the head chef, not op.
Declare war in Ireland, have Henry lead the troops personally, problem solved.
Note for those confused about the ICE police issue and think sanctuary cities are liberals being libtarded, let me try and explain. The idea about sanctuary cities is the local police have decided because their undocumented/illegal population is large enough its not worth dealing with. They do this for pragmatic reasons. Mostly because these folks live at the margins of society and are in positions where they are likely to be witnesses to crimes and victims of crimes. If the undocumented/illegal people feel like they cannot call the police, they will not. So that witnesses to crimes don't come forward, and victims don't report crimes. It makes it easier for criminals to target the undocumented/illegal community, and makes it easier for organized crime to spring up as 'protection. Remember most organized crime groups got their start by 'offering protection' to people within their community before expanding out into drugs, gambling, prostitution, etc. By bringing the illegal/undocumented community under police protection, cities are able to reduce crime. A bus boy going home at 2AM will be more willing to call the cops and report a break in. A small business owner will be able to call about extortion attempts, a battered wife will be able to call the police on her husband. Sanctuary cities are places that decided putting those people on edge all the time was making crime worse, and ruining the ability to get cooperation with the police. When ICE claims to be local police, it undermines that trust cities have been working on for years. It makes it more likely that communities with a substantial amount of illegals/undocumented people stop working with the police, and crime will increase.
Otoh we don't know if he's married with kids. So maybe Jonny has all of that, but his parents give him shit about not having grandbabies.
Also the speech and debate clause likely wouldn't apply as that literally applies to speech and debate within congress, not lawsuits, and its not like they are paying for their lawyers here personally anyway.
Except getting rid of them is basically impossible. 10 million +. Most come here legally on visa and overstay. We can't deport more than 100,000 per year, meaning we cannot realistically make a dent in the population.
No it is that hard. 10 million people. About the population of ohio. Obama increased the pace to 100k a year. Still lower than the rate of people coming in. Sanctuary cities have said fuck it, I'm not getting paid to do immigration, lets work with what we have.
Of course he has no shame. He cheated on his wife while she was dying of cancer. Now his new wife (former mistress) is being appointed ambassador to the Vatican.
[The use of words expressing other than their literal intent, now that is irony.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2krXq8fw90)
Not all 10 million. And at a cost of a rising crime rate and increases in organized crime. Some cities think the cost of making them uncomfortable isn't worth it. Real fixes would include having an actual guest worker program for seasonal labor, lowering the burden of proof for charging employers who hire undocumented workers (right now you have to prove an employer knew), and trying to fix the bullshit south of the border for real. But for visas and criminal penalties for employers, most larger farming concerns do not want that. They are paying under the table and dodging taxes using illegal labor. Many factories and logistics jobs too. As for fixing shit south of the border, we need to talk about actually handling drug problems in america and how to kill narco trafficking, as our current policies aint working.
There's some viewing guides out there on what to watch and what's worth skipping for the show. Season 2-4 are solid as fuck. Season 1 has a few essential episodes, and a few non-essential ones that are good.
The funny part is he also had reverse trap doors, used when he brought back Patrica Tallman.
Depends on the version of insanity, and some places allow Guilty but insane as a verdict.
And its more than that. If I'm thinking about moving, I'm looking at quality of life. Failing schools and roads make it less attractive to move there. Failing schools also mean real estate investments are less attractive. It means people with a choice of locations rank it lower. If I'm an employee with a choice of locations, say the VA, I'm going to rank Kansas lower. Bad roads mean I think twice for putting a distribution center there. Yeah maybe I'll save a small bit in taxes, but I'll lose it in increased maintenance. The thing Kansas was sold on was by the time those things happen, the Laffer curve will mean an increase in tax base large enough to make up for the cuts. But nope, that does not happen. Shoot, I know places that close libraries. After that you're going to have problems recruiting professionals to live there. Doctors choosing a small town to practice in are not going to love failing schools and no services. Failing roads mean
&gt; the Arab slave trade was far more brutal Different eras and different standards for this. It's not one size fits all. If you were a black slave in NE in 1670, your life was very different than that of a Haitian slave in 1780, or in Mississippi in 1850. In some places like Haiti, you were a cog in the machine of sugar, owned by someone who was never in the colony, to be worked to death because that was efficient. In some places, your children were automatically free, and others automatically slave. In other still it depended on the mother. In some places slavery mostly died off naturally because enough free labor existed to kill the need. In others, like the American South, slavery was dying until technology made slavery more productive (the cotton gin), while slave trading became outlawed. There's also a lot of politics at play. One because some who bring up the Arab Slave trade are not so much interested in the slave trade, as saying something about Arabs or colonialism. Two, because we tend to be focused on our own work and actions. A third one in the US is decades of trying to mentally make excuses for slavery. Especially in the south where the cotton gin made large scale cotton plantations requiring cheap labor possible despite the slave trade ending. So all sorts of crazy shit was advanced to justify slavery in a country 'where all men are created equal'. Justifications including the white man's burden, and the curse of ham are just some of them. The need for slaves also led to one drop rules , while a larger free population of white laborers led to discouraging mix raced people from having a status other than slave. (see much of Latin america where 'tri-color societies' are more common). Slavery has always existed, and unfortunately always will. The names will change, the rules will change. In many of the arab countries, if you converted to islam, you had to be freed. While in the US we kept muslims forcibly converted to christianity in slavery for generations (See the story of Kunta Kinte). This isn't a competition folks. humans can be wonderful but we also can suck. Let's not play oppression olympics.
Yeah, well the jerk store called, and they're running out of you!
&gt; The company’s real business is selling real estate Well yeah. &gt;McDonald’s founder Ray Kroc Not quite. McDonalds was founded by the McDonald brothers. Ray Kroc was a milkshakes salesmen who realized they had a great model. He got them to franchise, and the only way he made money was to own the land franchises were on. His company was called Franchise Realty Corporation, and its name tells you what business he was in. The difference between US and the EU on this is also there's a lot of private actions where franchises will sue corporate. Some chains are infamous for the sheer number of lawsuits and importantly in the US its much easier for individual franchises to team up and sue corporate.
All right, George, all right. I'm sorry. I'm very, very sorry. I'm so sorry that I didn't want your rather bulbous head struggling to find its way through the normal-size neck hole of my finely knit sweater.
&gt; In England impressment was legal from the 1500's all the way up until the early 1800 BTW this is part of what triggered the War of 1812. British ships would stop American Vessels, and considered naturalized Americans born British citizens as still British. ~9,000 Americans were impressed during the Napoleonic Wars, the most famous incident being [the Chesapeake-Leopard Affair,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chesapeake%E2%80%93Leopard_Affair) where a US frigate, the USS Chesapeake was stopped by a British ship of the line, the HMS Leopard. The British thought some of the crew were deserters from the Royal Navy so attacked the Chesapeake, and capture 4 crew members, hanging one. Impressment is considered one of the chief reasons for the War of 1812 because of how much the Royal Navy violated American Neutrality.
And part of it was a China-UK trade route where the last leg was from the US West Coast to China. So British ships would stop in Portland, Seattle, SF before going across the Pacific. British crewmen would jump ship in these ports because of better wages available for experience crew. So these ships would get desperate for crew.
First, they weren't press ganging, it was more of a get drunk in a port, end up on a ship sort of deal with a dubious contract. Press gangs ended with Napoleon's 100 days. Second, there were multiple trade routes for different eras. Pre-1840s it was a heavy fur trade, and the main ports were the fur ports like Astoria and Fort Vancouver. [Fort Vancouver](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Vancouver) (across the river from what's now Portland) was British until ~1846. Fort Vancouver was a common stop as you needed something to buy tea and other Chinese goods with. Third, the term came in in the 1850's from what I've seen, during the Gold Rush. During that era you still had some UK ships doing the same old routes, now re-routed to BC, but British manufactured goods would be exchanged for specie. For a long period of time, getting a trade good for China was difficult, Furs and specie were pretty common until opium. Later you had gold and silver rushes in BC as well as Alaska and the Klondike. And it wasn't just British who did it, but in some of the West Coast ports, they were most famous. The West Coast of North America, including Canada and Alaska was often labor short. Especially during various gold rushes when crews would jump ship. And one of the reasons it's more associated with the British in Portland is Bunko Kelly (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Kelly_(crimper)).
Quite possible those numbers are greatly exaggerated. Still, the stopping of a a US navy ship and the seizure and hanging of naval personal was an act of war. (Like you say elsewhere, its actually overall a very cynical war, too many thought it was a matter of marching to take Canada, but I'd like to remind our Canadian friends that it wasn't just about them, and the end result was a return to the status quo and a stable peace).
Haha, I've invested all my savings in Tulips. What could go wrong!
[It's an affiliate scam. The guy has dozens of alts.](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestoflegaladvice/comments/6i6qhy/bola_mod_now_lives_in_the_rabbit_hole/) He's trying to use the same basic nicely formatted post over and over again and he's the one submitting it to best of. EDIT: the scam comes in via the links to a credit reporting site mixed in with several government sites. The entire subreddit /r/StolenIdentity is just one guy.
And importantly, this is almost certainly a sign OP's company has no serious backing and will not get any. Equity only does exist, no paper work is not a great sign, and means the founder doesn't understand IP law.
We need it for key zones, but there's a limited number of areas with high enough density, and then it becomes a land issue as much as anything else. If there's political will to take the land necessarily via eminent domain and the drive to ignore NIMBY lawsuits, we could do it. But those NIMBY lawsuits will always hamper it. In California, for example, the High Speed Rail MUST go via Atherton to reach San Francisco. Atherton is basically where the 80s comedy movie villains go to retire. Full of rich Assholes with huge amounts of money, and full of petty hate, and decided to live along side train tracks. As a result, the existing plans for BART and Caltrain have been fucked up. BART is now getting to San Jose by going all around the East side. Caltrain can in theory go 100+ MPH. But continious noise lawsuits have lead them to lower their speed because of places like Atherton. And all the high speed routes must go via this town. Many major metro areas have something like this. I spent enough time in the DC area to see how much fun that Purple line is going to be, going via Chevy Chase.
Also jesus, I'd charge more than 2500 to suggest that after I did my due diligence.
Thanks! I've just been hesitant about Tabacon because their online prices are more than I wish to spend.
Not quite supertrain level. But getting there.
Someone else played a clip from the finale where characters were remembering those who died and giving a toast. Half the table had already passed.
Mazel Tov!
The closest scenario I can think of is the Superman movies. Richard Donner filmed them back to back, but after they hurried up to get the first one out, he was fired due to a long running dispute with the producers. Richard Lester who acted as the go-between was given directorial control. The big thing is they had to re-shoot chunks of the movie to satisfy the director's guild rules. Even in the final version chunk of Richard Donner's version is still there, for example Gene Hackman refused to do reshoots.
Becky- Roseanne
Nog from Star Trek DS9. Starts off a generic Ferengi, being interesting only because he's the first Ferengi of his age we've seen. But then he's given friendship with Jake, and shown to be thoughtful and intelligent, and merely uneducated. He goes from Illiterate to taking the Starfleet Academy entrance exam in less than 2 years. He goes from being a schemer seeking profits and females to being introspective enough to realize he's not cut out for a standard Ferengi life and joins starfleet. And Nog doesn't stop there. He goes thru more development, being a cocky student put in his place by the academy, to a disciplined young cadet eager for combat to a war weary vet with PTSD. For a minor character created to get in comic b-plots, he managed to have an extremely thoughtful episode about combat trauma.
Also it lampshaded it, by discussing Perry Mason.
But Assault Weapon bans and magazine limits are not actually gun control. They are feel good measures that do nothing. Assault Weapon is not a term of art, it's a generic term for cosmetic features on guns. Magazine bans are very easy to get around. Both those measures blow precious political capitol on bans that make the gun control side look silly to people who understand what's proposed.
Ok, now for a bit of a lesson. If I can hold down the trigger and more bullets come, that's a full automatic weapon. People may only own one made before ~1986, and as a result they are insanely expensive collectors items. Full automatic weapons are generally not legal. As for lever action and revolvers, those are other forms (more or less) of semiautomatic. The whole thing about Semiautomatic weapons is you don't really need to load a new bullet every time. Some of those lever action guns you can actually fire extremely fast. In fact, a revolver's rate of fire is the same as most semi-automatics. But you cannot spray a hail of bullets with a semi-auto. To knowledgeable gun owners, your first set of comments can be read as ignorant, meaning your opinion would be dismissed without thought because you don't even know what you want. Further, the reason why this matters is there's only so much political capitol at one time. It needs to be used correctly. I have friends that are into gun control but don't realize the issue they are passionate about is kinda useless. Assault weapon bans are not useful because its a bad term. Assault Rifles are fully automatic, and there's been a ban on new assault rifles since ~86. As a result they are collectors pieces going for 10K and not used in crimes. Assault weapon is a more nebulous term. Most of the features that define an assault weapon are cosmetic, like a pistol grip. The same exact weapon made from wood instead of plastic is considered a hunting rifle. The plastic ones are just popular for people who like shooting because they tend to be cheaper. As a result, the pro-gun side makes fun of the gun control side for going after 'scary features'. As an analogy, its like if you were putting legislation to control smart phones, but your law only effected the cell phone case. I bring this up all in the interest of informed debate. I don't personally have any solution to these problems.
No not really. The features that legally make an assault weapon are features such as plastic stock, flash suppressors and pistol grips. They are designed to look like actual assault rifles, which are for combat use. Assault Rifle refers to full automatic weapons, which really are military weapons like AK-47s and M16s. The reason why this matters is because to the pro-gun control crowed, assault weapon bans are considered hilariously stupid because you can easily switch those parts on and off. The actual 'gun' is the same with or with out those cosmetic features.
Yeah it's a fucking complex issue, and I don't have any solutions. I do want people talking on the same page though, and I know lots of pro-gun control people who get lost on what a semi-auto means, and what's actually legal versus illegal, so effort is wasted. Or worse, do nothing measures get passed that provide the illusion of progress but have no results.
The exact way you say it, you know the semi-auto version of the switch fire weapon cannot fire more than one bullet per trigger pull, right? Actual switch fire weapons are mostly illegal (it must have been made before ~1986) with the legal ones being very expensive collectors items. And I'm all for more effective gun control, but I want us to throw political capitol on something worth a damn not just a feel good measure. Like true universal background checks.
The big thing is if they keep trolling in one direction. Like all their trolling is racist and sexist, but they never try to troll racists or sexists. Or its all pro one political faction.
The problem is there's so much pushback on any restrictions, that choosing cosmetic features as the hill to die on is counter productive. If pro-gun control wins, they get a victory that does nothing at great political cost. In the 90s the assault weapon's ban was one of the great wins. And did jack shit. I'd rather pick something like true universal background checks, smart guns, or safe storage requirements.
His presidential run didn't do so well.
Cause most of those features like plastic parts made the guns cheaper and more common. So many gun folks like the lower prices.
High Chancellor.
&gt; As far as I understand, having read a little bit on this, a sawed-off pistol grip shotgun is illegal, while a regular unmodified shotgun is legal. Is this useless legislation? Should sawedoff shotguns be legal because I can take a regular shotgun, modify the barrel and grip, and create the illegal version? A key difference there is the sawed-off shotgun is illegal either with or without the pistol grip. And the other thing is its really rare for rifles to be used at all in active shooter situations. Most gun deaths are with handguns. With this sort of fight, we're using an awful lot of energy and political capitol on a minor fight. It's like arguing about partial birth abortion bans. It's something that's actually pretty rare, as most abortions are medical within the first trimester. My real point is this is a stupid hill to die on and there's better fights worth fighting.
See here's another Cohen Brother's film we've had a few nods to. 'A Serious Man'. And the big message of that film is 'Accept the Mystery', ending its self on an ambiguous ending.
Accept The Mystery.
Otoh the time and attention to get anything was only possible because the workers teamed up and got a set of lawyers to represent them as a whole. The lawyers are getting 1/3rd, but without them, there would be no recovery at all.
Accept the Mystery.
It's all MEMS.
I think you're better off in the Great Basin for this than Arizona. Fewer towns, fewer travelers. I once did a solo trip around parts of it. The road between Winnemucca NV and Burns, OR was the most alone I've ever been. I saw people twice, once in Fields, OR and the other in Frenchglen.
John from Cincinnati. Odd show. Very good.
Shit man, you ever see the twitter campaign #starringJohnCho?
You are the dreamer and the dream
Not on DS9, plenty of people eating at the Klingon Restaurant which imported its meat.
At which point you have a slave rebellion
Which fortunately this does not apply to. Requires 500 employees world wide for this to apply.
I've always seen it donated to the Zoos.
Then this seems like a specific question and this thread should be deleted.
It gets infuriating if you also try to explain to them why there's active recruiting for specific races in Med school. It's because there's a need for minority doctors for minority communities. Between shit like the Tuskagee experiment, HeLa, J Marion Sims, among others, there's a long history of white doctors viewing black patients as experiments rather than people. As a result, a lot of black people will not visit white doctors.
When you read about the real Sophia, she's kind of a garbage person regardless of her age.
Don't forget they bash your head into the armrest giving you a concussion.
Also a lack of inspectors to check if Grandpa is alive, and whether or not his pension checks should still be coming.
There's a series of books that link the Foundation, Empire, and Robots Novels. And even possibly most of the short stories. The Gist is the Robot Era is during the golden age of the Spacer Culture, which is now ending. The people of Earth live in large underground hive cities (the caves of steel). There's actually plenty of above ground space, but its become a cultural thing where agoraphobia is the norm. Many who liked the outdoors and such emigrated to the Spacer worlds. Spacers, being basically high tech nerds, got hella into Robots and developed them further, including humanoid Androids that pass as people. Earthers don't like robots. The spacers won't take any more people, so Baley ends up starting the second wave of emigration called Settlers. Events caused by R. Daneel Olivaw, exploiting the Zeroth Law of Robotics, cause the Earth to gradually become uninhabitable, leading to the Settlers greatly outnumbering and outpacing the Spacers. The robots decide being too much in day to day affairs is not good for humanity and go into hiding. The Settlers eventually form the Empire. Spacers culture falls inward, with most worlds eventually dying. The empire goes strong for 30K+ years, expanding across the entire Galaxy. Later novels by other authors suggest the Robots have been prepping worlds for Humans before they got there. Including Genocide of all other intelligent life. (Only Humans are mentioned in the Laws of Robotics). But eventually the robots guiding the Empire realize it cannot last, and the Foundation arises.
[The Sleeper Has Awakened.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc_xGu-9Jyk)
R. Daneel Olivaw is in the background during the entire history of the Empire and Foundation. His final death is upon him in Foundation and Earth, which is what spurs those events. 20,000 years of memories is too much for a replacement brain to take. He's got only a couple hundred years left until he breaks for good.
I'm still proud I called his [financial domination kink](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouretheworstFX/comments/3pnum4/youre_the_worst_s02e07_there_is_not_currently_a/cw9p5ea/)
[Note we can make this happen.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congressional_Apportionment_Amendment) There's actually a pending constitutional amendment written during the founder's era that would do so. It already passed congress. Just need 27 states to approve it.
&gt; Biglaw You can lateral in but its only really going to happen if you've had a great history after doing doc review. There are now plenty of people who were grads in the recession years ~2008-2013 who were forced to take doc review jobs due how scarce jobs were. I've known some who are doing quite well. But I'm also in a niche where we were hammered hard during the recession, and biglaw is relative.
Shine translater: &gt;The mash is run through only once. Though there are some who use what's left of the mash to start the next batch (this technique is popular with rum). The first time you distill, you do it from a mash in the pot. But the second and third time you're only distilling the liquid product of the first distillation. &gt;What comes out of the still is then mixed with other batches and run through the still again. This is not mash, it is shine. You take the result of one distillation and mix it with other batches and distill again. Mixing helps ensure good quality. &gt; this point you start to make your cuts and dump the heads and save the tails, but you keep the hearts, those are the best- right in the middle. When you start distilling, the first and last chunk (often about 10%) is not good quality. It includes other compounds created during fermentation that are not ethanol. You can also use a thermometer in this process to help out. &gt;You can then, depending on how much hearts you have, dilute and distill again to get a finer cut of hearts or putting the hearts aside until you've got enough to cut again. Basically repeat this process a few times, mixing with other batches to get a better tasting and more pure product. You add water because its not % you're looking for as much as taste. &gt;You can then, depending on how much hearts you have, dilute and distill again to get a finer cut of hearts or putting the hearts aside until you've got enough to cut again. Again, do the process to separate out non ethanol by leaving the start and finish out, so you're just getting mostly ethanol, and none of the other unwanted products which both mess up the taste and can cause hangovers/bad reactions. TLDR: You distill the mash once, but then distill the resulting product a few more times, but separate out what comes out of the still first and last for a better product. Do this a few times and you're left with much more pure alcohol.
Also they get several allowances/grants/expenses. The reason you should be mad about this is we have a lot of laws that tie congressional pay to other officials. Ever since the 27th Amendment was passed 25 years ago, Congress has not given themselves a raise. However they do find ways to pay themselves expenses, both as a way around the 27th Amendment, and as a way not to pay more to those officials whose pay is tied to Congressional Officials. One of the big consequences is Federal Judges have not had a raise in 25 years. This matters because fewer Federal Judges are coming from outside the Federal Prosecutors office now. Private lawyers of the skill necessary to be a Federal Judge are able to get way more than the federal judgeship costs. And so we're having the Judiciary having a harder time to recruit competent judges that are not ex-prosecutors.
Depends on whether or not the house sells for more than the remaining loan. In many places the lender can sue for the remainder. But usually if you're foreclosing there isn't anything else they can get.
Also pardon's don't apply to impeachments. Article 2, section 2 of the Constitution: The President "shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States, except in cases of impeachment"
&gt; I'm aware the FRE aren't universal And in this case this matters, because its California. Which rejects wholesale the FRE. Otoh, CEC 1101(c) is broader: "Nothing in this section affects the admissibility of evidence offered to support or attack the credibility of a witness." (note there's case law that applies limits on relevance, and non-evidence code laws due to ballot initiatives that mess with that).
[One of the richest towns in America,](http://money.cnn.com/gallery/luxury/2014/06/11/richest-zip-codes/2.html) [and they hate trains](http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-bullet-train-lawsuit-20170201-story.html). [A lot](https://www.almanacnews.com/print/story/2017/06/14/atherton-continues-legal-fight-over-funding-for-caltrain-electrification)
Hillary's are close. Her JD is Yale, and her undergrad is Wellesley. Like the rest of the Seven Sisters, it has a traditionally male institution as a counter part (MIT). Several of the Sister's, like Radcliffe, merged with their counter part. Wellesley instead is still independent and offers cross-registration with MIT. EDIT: Oh, and Lou Henry Hoover, wife of Herbert Hoover is also very interesting, having a BA from Stanford in Geology in an era where that was worth more. She was very talented, speaking many languages and working in technical translations.
Which is why adopting him as a stalking horse is a good idea.
Hey President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho was actually a decent president, who was respected, worked with both parties, and got the smartest man in the world to help his administration fix the ecological problems decades in the making.
Her husband also does conversion counseling to 'convert gays' to straight. [He's been the focus of many jokes as he seems quite closeted.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfuMWqjACGc)
Are the workers of the Good Place just trusting, or do they leave Janet Storage open on purpose? Is the point chart more or less accurate for the Good Place? Can they just send a train to Mindy full of Cocaine without Janet to run it? How did the run with Tahani as Eleanor's Soul Mate go bad?
And the point of the X-Men has always been to strike a balance between humans and mutants to allow peace to be possible. The X-men will defend mutants from human cruelty, but at the same time defend humans from mutant cruelty. The Brotherhood has always risked creating a cycle of escalating vengeance with their work. Of becoming not so different from those they rightfully fight.
The problem is we need to restore norms when this is said and done. I like the idea of payback (like packing the Supreme court to 11 Justices). But really that just gives the green light to such fuckery when the Republicans are in power again. However, we've seen also that the norms are for democrats. The way to fix this shit isn't take the high road, or get down and dirty. The solution is to codify the norms. We create laws and amend the Constitution to put some of these norms in place. Regarding federal judges make it so the senate has 6 months to decide on a a judicial appointment, and if at 6 month, no vote has taken place, it's considered an abstention and the Judge is confirmed. Set the number of max judges on the Supreme Court. Codify emoluments, and set penalties. Like any foreign or domestic emolument is forfeit upon a simple majority vote of congress. Codify blind trusts for both congress and the president. Make federal elections publicly funded via amendment, and forbid dark money spending.
It really depends on the long term stability of your firm, and life goals. I've known agents that were happy until their firms died. See, some firms, agents are treated the same as lawyers with the exception that partnership is off the table. In other firms, they are glorified paralegals who will never be allow to write apps, only do more routine office actions like restrictions, or do prep work for attorneys on more substantial matters. Smaller firms tend to be more open to agents doing more substantial work. But smaller firms are much more at risk, as they rarely are properly diversified. Things may go great for 10+ years, with maybe a single large client being the majority of the firms work. Then internal changes at the client may mean there's a drastic drop in work at the firm. One option to think about: Patent Examining. USPTO pays better than what you said your current rate was. Government job, good hours, and eventually they will pay for your JD. Honestly if you're young and mobile, I'd considering going for the law just for the long term benefits. If you're older and more settled (spouse and kids), then its not gonna pay off as much.
I think it was shot in this part of Australia known for being full of British Ex-pats.
Having the patent bar certainly helps. The thing with law school assistance is it comes and goes, but always comes back. I will say there's fast tracking available for higher tracks. The pay scale is based on the initial grade you qualify for. Here's a chart https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/Examiner%20brochure%202017.pdf I was offered post law school with no experience a GS9 with a relatively high step, and promised a fast track to GS13. From what I've heard from friends who took it, it was a great deal. But you're going to have to work in Alexandria, VA for 3+ years, more realistic 5+ if you're going to do law school when it comes around. Not the best, not the worst. About the smaller firm issue. It can be great. The biggest issue is mobility if stuff hits a rough patch. Eg if your firm's big client has a sudden change. Like a reshuffling with new management which may want to change things up. I've seen this both result in changes of volume to a firm, as well as changes to billing practices.
Well, actually there's two Season 4 Finales, because the syndication network PTEN folded, and they thought the show would end. So the last shot episode of Season 4 was Sleeping In Light, which was held in the can after the show was renewed. So the first thing they did was make a new season 4 finale that could bridge into season 5.
Who Are You? What Do you Want? Why are you here? Where are you going? Who Do you Serve and Who do you Trust? Do you have anything worth living for?
I feel like the TNT content suffered from them wanting a different show, more action-y. Plus you know, they came in as the show's saviors only after season 4 was shot, so too much of JMS's planned plot was in taters, and it unfortunately hurt that. Otoh, the prequel movie was good, and even helped explain some of the events of Wednesday, December 24, 2278. But we've never gotten the full story of those events, only getting flashes and timejumps.
Yeah, but then your hair would fall out.
The biggest actual problem by lawyers is substance abuse. And then what you're describing is another form of case management software. I'd recommend finding a niche field with highly specified demands, which is not well suited for a one size fits all case management software. The problem is even in my field, I can think of 4-5 major corporations which have pretty good products for case management (Think thomson-reuters, which can also sell their software integrated into Westlaw). I've seen smaller companies be more effective in fields like automation and quality control tools. Eg. I love claimmaster, which is a niche tool for patent drafting/management.
It's the effective point where the common law began its history to diverge from continental law. It's uniquely British in a sense, as it fuses principles from several cultures together. Eg. the Jury system from Danelaw, along with the development of Law French, and codified Roman law.
Note, Esme is usually a traitor to the others, going over to the Brotherhood.
I only hope they can stop Canadian Supervillian James Cameron. Also RIP Glenne Headly, she was great and the show is lesser for her passing.
Trump also has the burden in proving facts that are untrue, and the publisher knew the facts were untrue or had reckless disregard as to the truth. It's a high burden to meet, and often organizations and individuals will prefer to sue in British Courts, where the burden of proof is on the publisher rather than the plaintiff.
Darmok on the ocean
I shouldn't say hyper public, but it was fairly available within the company.
Joss Whedon is involved. This is his MO. He sets up lovely and awesome couples. Gives them a brief moment of happiness, then sends one of them to hell. Because he think's true love is boring. Angel and Buffy. Fred and Wes. Jenny and Giles. Doctor Horrible and Penny. Sierra and Victor. Fitz and Simmons.
Fred and Wes for like one day before she died.
Also Maurissa Tancharoen, whose Jed's wife, and played Kilo is co-showrunner along with Jeffery Bell. Jed and Maurissa and Jeffery are all old hands working with Joss. Jeffery wrote Wes's death, including the 'lie to me' scene. Jed and Maurissa co-wrote Doctor Horrible as well as Dollhouse. So Joss's feelings about torturing true love rubbed off.
I can work with that.
See also Arthur C. Clarke's story [Superiority](http://www.baen.com/Chapters/1439133476/1439133476___5.htm) which bases a Sci-Fi story on some of the issues of German production. However, once again remember that its fiction, and ignores lots of other issues the Germans had. For example, using slave labor is a great way to have quality control issues on top of active sabotage. Let alone not controlling necessary raw materials, leading to shortages, or replacement with inferior products. Like having the US invade Greenland to cut off Cryolite. Also having a government whose leaders decisions could not be question meant if the leader declared the need for a certain weapon, resources would be spent on that weapon, and for that purpose. For example, Jet Bombers, Super-Heavy Tanks, Rockets, and Superguns. Rarely mattered if the development history suggested it was nearly ready. Nope, bring the top minds on developing Rockets to hit London, instead of refining the cheaper rockets that could hit British ports across the channel.
And per 'Fire and Fury', Bannon was never that well off. His Seinfeld money sounds like bullshit. Apparently his big talent was finding actual rich people to bankroll shit. That said, he might find someone new, but it sounds like he burned bridges with lots of other people, and is revealed as not nearly the skilled operator he said he was.
AB+ Lost to Isaac. Not Marathon Safe. But I managed to finish. First Devil Deal had Duality. I varied between devil room and angel room. Got Death's Touch, Sacred Heart, Trisagion and Lachryphagy add up for some crazy homing damage. Finished under 20 minutes. I don't dare do Rush or Hush with the Lost.
Sally Hemings, Jefferson's Sex Slave, was herself 3/4 European, and the half-sister of his wife.
I'd say the Tsunami's danger is overblown, as the population most at risk is the Coastal Population, and none of the major cities are that exposed. Portland is fairly inland with a gorge between it and the Pacific. Seattle and Vancouver have both Puget Sound and Vancouver Island to prevent the Tsunami from hitting. Otoh, Mount Rainer is a [Decade Volcano](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decade_Volcanoes) and considered not only likely to erupt within the next few decades, but will also likely produce massive Lahars due to the large amounts of glacial ice. I would not live in Tacoma for love or money. The entire valley floor is already covered with Lahar over 200 feet deep.
Goodbye Dental Plan!
I wouldn't be so sure. Now frankly, we should get a clue when Rainer starts being dangerous. After Mount Saint Helen's eruption, we put a bunch of sensors on all the volcanoes in the US and run a monitoring program. But people will ignore the warnings. [Look at Harry R. Truman,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_R._Truman) he stayed on Mt. Saint Helens after the evacuations and became a minor celeb because of his outspoken nature and stubbornness. His lodge, his body, his lake, and his 16 cats are under ~150 feet of lahar. So I'm expecting a lot of people will ignore the evac warnings that last for months. I can see the Evac zone being potentially huge, from Renton to Puyallup, if not more. While there is high ground around, it's going to be hard to judge how deep the Lahar will be in any given place. I can see the Earthquakes coming with the eruption taking down major bridges (or rather sinking some of the bridges). Combine that with massive traffic jams, and the death toll could be the largest in US history.
&gt; Bagna Cauda [Here's Babylon 5 describing how to make it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3YTMyraIUI)
We said European, not British.
I got my BS in physics, got into a PhD program, and my heart wasn't in it. Ended up spending 3 years in the work force doing engineering work before I found I liked another subject.
I agree with others, start doing community college, looking specifically for a college that has good ties to state schools to earn a bachelors degree. Go to class, do homework, seek help, and be willing to take remedial classes as needed in areas you're weak in, or forget. Look at why you had problems before, and be honest (not trying to excuse why something happened, but how it happened, and what steps you can personally do to deal with the same issue). Most community colleges have a set of majors designed to allow you to transfer. Sometimes called transfer programs. Look at those. You may be able to start taking some classes in the spring, or remedial classes in the summer. The important bit is to take community college seriously. Do well and you'll be able to get a bachelor's degree from a state school. Do well at the state school, and you'll make law school admissions easier. You're looking at an ~8 year project here. So take baby-steps. The first thing is to investigate local community colleges, what courses and programs they have, and admissions requirements. Then you need to look at whether the specific program at the community college requires you to take additional courses. For example, looking at one local community college, the business administration transfer program requires taking a basic calculus course. You'll thus need other foundational math classes for that. Speak to an adviser at the colleges you're looking at.
Also before the 14th Amendment was a Supreme Court case called 'Dred Scott', where an escaped slave sued in federal court for his Freedom. The Supreme Court ruled slaves, and their descendants were not and could not be citizens. Birthright citizenship was added to the Constitution in the 14th Amendment after the end of the Civil War specifically to overrule this decision. Most of the Western Hemisphere also uses a variant of Jus Soil citizenship due to their own histories of slavery.
Eg. [Diane Guerrero](http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-oe-guerrero-immigration-family-separation-20141116-story.html) was born in the US, while her parents and older brother were born in Columbia. Her parents overstayed a tourist visa to illegally immigrate. Her folks tried to adjust their status but fell victim to [Notario Fraud ](https://www.americanbar.org/groups/public_services/immigration/projects_initiatives/fightnotariofraud/about_notario_fraud.html). Diane was born and raised in the US. At 14 her dad won a few bucks in the lottery which led to immigration tracking down her family. Her mother, father, and brother were deported. She was basically left to fend for herself. She had the option of going to Columbia, but she was a kid going to American High school, and had never been to Columbia. Her brother, btw, had a toddler with his wife, who was herself a citizen.
[Here's another map which shows a wider area, including Renton] (https://geology.com/usgs/rainier/rainier-lahar-flow-map-lg.jpg) (I personally thought the Cedar River valley was more at risk than this map states). I still think there's too many people who didn't live through Mt. St Helens in the PWN to take it seriously when the evac warning may go on for months. I
He also fought off 'Shoulders of Orion'
&gt; Another one of the famous attractions at the museum were Chang and Eng, Siamese twins who were extremely argumentative, both with each other and Barnum himself. &gt; Also something interesting, the Twins made a lot of money, and settled in North Carolina, marrying a pair of sisters. They owned slaves to work their plantation, and their sons were confederate soliders. Because they were so tied up in slavery and Confederacy, the Twins went back on the road after the civil war, as they were wiped out.
A little part of me wonder what he will create as he loses his hearing. Like Monet going blind, or Beethoven going death, he may still have great and wonderful art in him. Beethoven had his best work after his hearing loss, with most of his working period being after he lost his hearing.
Always remember the Milgram experiments. Most ordinary people, when presented by an authority figure, will do horrible and cruel things because they are told to.
Oh that's a whole 'nother thing where your piety can bring wealth. This is god chooses everyone's role in society before they were born, so good things happen because you were already good. If something bad happens, or you're poor, you deserve it.
WHAT WAS, WILL BE.
!redditgarlic
From my understanding the way it's structured is the assets of Sears, (especially the real estate), are collateral for the loans, and the current CEO is slowly buying the entire company, by making it pay the loans to him before anything else, and ensuring he gets paid. He then uses his profits to buy more stock, as the loan payments make Sears a bad investment. Eventually he'll reach a point where just shutting it down and selling off the assets is the best deal.
They wouldn't even acknowledge him, being a brown-skinned middle eastern man whose an anti-war socialist and gives free healthcare. Instead they worship a Jesus they remolded into their image.
You accidentally posted four times.
Someone else had a suggestion that the space Aztecs should be a feathered-serpent race like Quetzalcoatl, who worship a Drake.
I'm someone who has a deep love of the Sitcom Genre. I watched BBT for a while, but eventually lost interest. (It has its moments, but it also is a show that mocks nerd humor more than indulge in it). Young Sheldon is much less cynical/mean, and is unashamed about stuff like nerd humor, without telegraphing the jokes. My problem is a central focus is the relationship between the main character and his father, who is going to die in a few seasons after the family breaks up due to his filandering. Eg. this show with heart is going pretty dark.
&gt; but don't those mercantile vessles have a letter of marque from Russia? No, because a letter of Marque allows privateering. Since the Paris Convention of 1856, privateering has generally been banned. EDIT: more to the major point, it's always possible to make a new nation. But it's not easy. And until you achieve diplomatic recognition, it's going to be a pain. Let's talk the two Chinas. Effectively every nation on earth recognizes either the People's Republic of China, or the Republic of China (Taiwan). The truth is there really is two Chinas, but the PRC says Taiwan is a rogue province, while Taiwan has some claim to be a successor government to the Republic of China. Until Nixon, the US didn't recognize the PRC. After that we don't officially recognize the government of Taiwan (but we do have unofficial recognition). 19 nations currently recognize Taiwan over the PRC, which is a shorter list as the PRC is willing to do stuff like build bridges in poor nations to swing the diplomatic end. This matters as some nations refuse entry to Taiwanese citizens without special visas. Look also at 'limited recognition states', that is countries recognized by one or two others. North Korea is not a good example. It's generally recognized as a country and is in the UN, it's just the relationship with them and other nations is strained. Close to what you're talking about is more like Somaliland or the Republic of Artsakh, which control territory, and are trying to become nations, but have little recognition on the international stage. Artsakh, for example, is between Azerbaijan and Armenia, and heavily dependent on Armenia. No UN recognized country recognizes Artsakh, with only other non-generally recognized countries like South Ossetia recognizing it. South Ossetia btw, is only really recognized by Russia and a few others who owe Russia favors. Part of the thing with South Ossetia is also Russia not recognizing Kosovo being independent from Serbia, while the US does recognize Kosovo.
&gt; try and be Jack Sparrow Is a great way to get executed. Jack Sparrow was a pirate, a Hostis humani generis, 'enemy of all mankind', and can be generally tried and convicted, including execution, by any state. Adventure is a fine and dandy thing to read about. But the closest thing you're talking about to in reality is the plot of 'Captain Phillips' which ends with a Seal team shooting the pirates operating out of a lawless haven. Most people live in nations with legal processes that allow them to change the country. Laws are important because its what gives us recourse against an adventurer in the old sense of the term. That is, someone trying to take over someone else's lands.
Also most legal standards on criminal insanity tend to get re-written after a clearly insane person 'gets off easy'. Like after John Hinckley Jr. shot Reagan, and Hinckley was found not guilty by insanity, many states got rid of the insanity plea, and many more states limited it. The Federal government adopted a standard similar to the M'Naghten standard. Funny enough, that standard was created after a failed assassination attempt on British Prime Minister Robert Peel led the British to go against the insanity defense. The truth is the insanity defense has rarely ever worked, and when it does, the result is often way more messed up than the criminal sentence. Hinckley spent ~35 years in a mental institution and is still under supervision. Had he been merely guilty, he would have gotten out much earlier.
&gt; reading the hands on a clock It's actually a useful technique to see if someone is tracking, and is a clear test for dementia as well as dellerium and able to show signs of impairment when other tests are more easily passed . See [Hannibal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oP1WPllJ0Lk) for an example of a character failing it, who otherwise seems lucid.
Because of the Westphalian concept of the sovereignty resting within a state and the monopoly of violence with the state. Aka this system was the end result of the Peace of Westphalia, which ended the most destructive war in European history, defined most modern concepts of nationality, and greatly reduced non-state actors abilities to do things like raise armies. Most of what you want can be accomplished, but requires political organization and will within the existing system. Also, Refugee travel documents and laissez-passer exist which are more designed for refugees and stateless persons, and there's on going fraud related to 'World Passports' which no nation recognizes. Right now, if you're rich enough, you can buy citizenship. But most people doing that are rich people dodging taxes. Really the thing is, there's no system that's set up that anyone trusts to make a international citizenship, as it requires countries giving up their own rights and powers. And that requires each country to willingly join. As it is, the closest things I've seen have all been tax dodges where someone claims to be a citizen of the world and thus not owe income tax.
The rule has to apply to you. That generally means you own more than 10%, or are someone important within the company (for example the CEO). It's more complicated than that, but if you're an average investor looking at some major company, it's unlikely to apply. If you've got enough money to do flash investments raising your interest to 10%, you've got enough where you've better have some lawyers.
Brick, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about that. You should find yourself a safehouse or a relative close by. Lay low for a while, because you’re probably wanted for murder.
He's not even middle age. He's 32.
Honestly, I think he's a stroke risk already when he's got to deal with people outside his bubble.
Aww, Jason figured it out? This one hurts.
Also sometimes the new exec wants to shake things up on existing shows because they can get credit for it succeeding, and blame the old exec if it fails. Christopher Titus has talked about that happening on Fox, and his very stupid decision to list all the reasons the 'shake up' was a bad idea in front of the rest of the Execs. The new exec then had to insure his show got cancelled for their own authority to remain intact.
Discovery I'm growing to like.
Yup, Freeform is ABC family, which was fox family, which was 'the family channel', and before that CBN. Apparently Pat Robertson's lawyers are really good because for years they've wanted to drop 'The 700 Club' but still have to contractually air it.
Must be raining in here.
Nope! Also you don't really lease condos, you tend to pay a mortgage. Looking on Zillow, I see a lot of sub 100k condos in Missouri, with mortgage payments under 400 a month.
Just an FYI, Alan Shepard was the first American in space, and Chief Astronaut on Project Gemini, but was grounded for several years due to several health problems, including fluid in his ears. Eventually they came up with a surgical intervention that worked, but Shepard was still bumped from Apollo 13.
TIL De Niro, Pachino, Pesci, Dicaperio, Cage, Coppola, Stalone, Travelota, and Tony Danza are not Italian-American Actors. I think the problem is most big name people are either too big for this or not someone Ryan Murphy has on speed dial for casting. Ryan Murphy loves to work with a lot of the same people. Interesting enough Darren Criss is half Filipino, like Cunanan. But he lacks the other half being Italian. EDIT: people seem offended I'm listing Italian Americans not born in Italy. Here are some actors working in the US born in Italy: Isabella Rossellini, Sophia Loren, Monica Bellucci, Antonio Sabàto Jr.,
The Trial Never Ends.
Except Nazi party membership is grounds for revoking naturalization and deporting.
*naked anthropomorphic plants.
I already seeing someone writing a book or movie. But they'll fudge the details, make op a few years older. The pilot becomes a widower with a cute kid. I'd watch it. EDIT: Thanks for the gold, stranger!
The big caveat is Toyota and most foreign based manufacturers tend to have non-union plants in Southern States. NUMMI was Toyota's only union plant. Honda et al. are also non union. The big 3 want to crush UAW as well.
IP lawyer is a broad term, and often used to describe non-patent lawyers who work in IP. Patent lawyer is a protected term for those like me who are registered to practice before the patent office. (Usually the state bar also protects the term, but I can't qualify every state does). Patent Lawyers are also known as patent prosecutors, we write patents and prosecute them before the patent office. We can do other things as well, but our jobs usually revolve around the patent office. All of us meet a set of requirements for the USPTO, which generally means we have at least a bachelors of science in a field of Science or Engineering (not all STEM degrees are equal here as Math degrees don't count, and not even all science and engineering degrees always count). Many of us have masters or PhDs in the field. (I was once in a PhD program some years ago). Other types of IP lawyers do different work. For example, a patent litigator is someone whose work with patents is related to lawsuits with patents. Some patent litigators are patent attorneys, but you're not required to be unless you're doing part of the litigation in front of the patent office. IP Litigator is more often used when the attorney works in 'soft ip' field as well. That is, copyrights, trademarks, as well as more obscure stuff like designs, RoP, or boat bodies. Litigators are still folks who are focused on lawsuits. Now from what you've said about corporate or PI, those are different things. PI work is litigation. Some litigators are just litigators. They do all fields. But in IP, because of the time, the cost and the expense usually involved to do all the research, it tends to result in specialists who do just IP litigation. That said, litigation usually breaks into several different roles, with one that's fairly universal being the trial attorney. The sort of attorney who goes in front of the jury isn't always the lead attorney. You want a trial attorney who knows how to connect with people. It's a very different skill, and doesn't need a Harvard degree. (For example, in the OJ Simpson defense team, Johnnie Cochran had a degree from a midrank law school, compared to much of the rest of the team who came from 'better schools', but Johnnie had the knack with juries). Many civil trial attorneys become hired guns who come in at the end of a big and complicated case. Truth is most cases don't go to trial, so having an experienced trial attorney running a lawsuit is a waste. For civil trial attorneys, many may develop specialties, but still branch out. John Edwards, former Senator and VP nominee, was most famous for his trial skills in medical malpractices against doctors whose mistakes in delivering a baby results in a child needing lifetime nursing care, but he also did some huge product liability cases. (He wrote a book called 'four trials' about these and other cases). So doing all types of litigation is possible in trial. But so far I've discussed litigators and patent prosecution. Outside of these fields are a large amount of attorneys who do licensing work. These lawyers often work in house with companies, and deal with licensing in all sorts of fields. Much different skill, and there it kind of blends together.
Cart before the horse. If you're not even in college yet, focus on getting into college and succeeding there. Community college for your first two years is respectable, but community colleges don't offer a bachelor's degree required to enter law school. Most states have a program that allow transfers for 4 year degrees. Make sure you transfer to a school with ABET accreditation.
Guys, what if we're in the bad place?
Tax evasion scheme as well as way to make money depending on needs. The way it works is this: I'm J. Millionare. I have a fair amount of money. I find an artist I like and become their patron. I get a nice stock of their work when they're a nobody and it's cheap. I then slowly introduce them to others in my social circle, and help them become more noticeable. Then I make a few very public purchases for more money between me and my buddies. People not our friends may or may catch on. The goal is to make my existing stock of paintings worth more. Then I can either sell them, or donate them. Especially if I get the stock of 'before they were famous' paintings I got for nothing appraised at a much higher value. I can do a few things, including donate the art at full value to museums as a way to dodge taxes. I can also start my own museum and put my collection in there. [You can open a 'private museum' as well.](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/11/business/art-collectors-gain-tax-benefits-from-private-museums.html?mtrref=www.google.com) Then you can abuse the hell out of the museum, depending on how brazen your tax lawyers are. There's incidents of rich enough people making a 'private museum' that's invite only and on their property, then donating millions to the museum.
Blockchain is now where Cloud was a few years ago.
Or do what the UK did, keep frank, but make him a smaller part, while the kids slowly escape. From an earlier post of mine: My problem with Shameless is something the US version did by being a success. In the original UK version, most of the characters come and go. Frank is the only Gallagher who actually sticks around. Fiona, Debbie, Lip, Carl and Ian all escape. Because the US show wants to keep the cast together and keep going, No one can succeed: US Lip can't succeed at college. UK Lip became an architect and raised his kid with Mandy. UK Fiona ran off with Steve who got his shit together, and shows up at the end of the show to steal the youngest ones out from under Frank so they won't be screw ups. US Fiona has given up on raising her siblings and is a huge fuck up. UK Ian leaves to hide from gangsters because he saved a friend's life. US Ian leaves because he's inherited Monica's mental illness. (Actually a better plot, but they fail the ending). UK Debbie becomes the new Fiona after Fiona escapes. Debbie at 17 decides she needs out and joins the military. US Debbie becomes a teen mom. UK Carl becomes a cop. US Carl goes to prison. UK Liam grew up and became a Buddhist. US Liam is finally allowed to talk
Hulu and Amazon both have some good shows, but Netflix does really good for depth and international reach.
In the Uk it was basically a domino. Fiona was out by end of season 2. Lip, Ian and Debbie get more screen time. Lip bails in season 5. Debbie in season 6. By season 6 though, it's as much about Maguires as everyone else. Hell, Mickey isn't a character until season 4.
For those who want to know why [Planet Money explored the history](https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2013/02/12/171814201/episode-435-why-buying-a-car-is-so-awful). Lot of this has to do with how manufacturer's originally sold franchises to the dealers, then in during the Great Depression when some franchises were doing poorly, tried to revoke them. Many state's thought the manufacturers were being underhanded and thus banned the manufacturers from owning dealerships. Now since dealerships tend to be politically involved, it makes revoking those laws pretty tough.
Because of a few reasons, but one was early dealers were often buying a franchise from the automaker, effectively taking a huge risk that the automaker would be worth the franchise fee. The one's you think of today survived, lots of other automakers folded. (Just for example AMC folded). In the 1930s, during the depression, some of the auto manufacturers tried to end the practice of dealerships and do everything direct. The way the manufacturers did it was seen as trying to take advantage of their junior partners. It was unpopular enough that many states banned manufacturer run dealership because of this. There's now a lot of politics in changing the rules, which hamstrings new companies.
The good news is the WTO provides a framework to prevent a spiral of Tariffs, like the one that worsened the Great Depression.
&gt; This is my great fear with Trump. If you look at how the Roman Republic fell to autocracy, it started with the breaking of political norms and traditions. Another fan of Mike Duncan?
History of Rome Podcast by Mike Duncan, as well as his recent book specifically covering the beginning of the fall of the republic.
Yup, and Fiona leaves with him. Also it's pretty much what happened in real life, as the two left the show and got married.
Time to watch Saving Silverman again...
Or Panamanian names like 'McCain'.
Further, one of the reason's patents are considered Hard IP, is because they require a different process to acquire. Patent Attorneys have to pass a second bar exam to practice in front of the patent office, and the pass rate is just awful. And to sit for that bar exam the patent attorney must have at least a 4 degree in science or engineering, with further restrictions ensuring the degree is rigorous enough. (I have friends that had computer science degrees that were not considered acceptable due to not meeting accreditation standards, and they had to take a years worth of additional physics classes to qualify). Effectively any lawyer can work on soft IP, but patent law requires enough additional education in fields most lawyers are bad at. (I have bad dreams about trying to split a check in law school with some classmates).
Ugh now I want Kitfo.
Crypto's actual use as currency is either for grey/blackmarket transactions (Silkroad and it's successors) or for transferring money out of regulated nations. Eg. I'm a rich Chinese guy who can't transfer my wealth to Canada/NZ/USA due to currency restrictions. So I buy mining rigs and get cryptocoins I can convert to unrestricted currencies. Everyone else is just a speculator. Be it those HODL, or those trying to short swing trade.
Yeah, Peter, Sylar and Hiro were basically too powerful to be regular characters with how the show went. They attempted a bunch of nonsense to keep them incheck, like uncontrolled time travel getting them stuck places. But it just came off as a clear attempt to wring drama rather than create actual drama.
Surely Legate Garak or Castellan Garak would be more appropriate?
How long until Fox brings back Married with Children? Then NBC ups the game by bringing back Friends or Seinfeld...
I've been watching it because I liked House, so a House clone is fine with me. They don't try to downplay all the problems he has. I do get the concern that they try to make it like he's got a superpower due to his savant syndrome.
Captain Killy is bae.
I mean it makes sense, as there's more than a few B5 references in this game (Especially the War In Heaven and the league of non-aligned worlds). Also that looked more than a bit like a Vorlon Planetkiller.
Yah no, that's not the secret. The secret is [Spoiler](/s "Minbari believe in reincarnation and violence between Minbari is taboo. The most sacred artifact of the Minbari responds to humans the same way as Minbari, leaving the Minbari to believe their dead are reincarnating as humans. Aghast they're killing their own, they surrender. There's more to it, but the first human they pull aboard has the soul of their Messiah.")
The only people its good for is those who want skilled immigrants to be guest workers who go home after a fixed term.
The Guggenheim offered him one.
I mean several other Kennedy family members are associated with a death while high. Granted some of that's because their car went high off a bridge, or their plane went too high...
Two older races defined by opposing Ideology. With the war starting by the older races requiring people to choose.
Good old nuke em' John.
Plus a few more times he used em.
Not to mention Z'ha'dum, as the Shadows deserved them too.
Or free Casus Belli in the new system.
I personally think the Shadows were abiding by the agreement when they refused to shoot to kill. After the battle they have a personal reckoning with Kosh who broke the agreement. I also think the Shadow's nature disdained immorality opposed to the Vorlons who seemed functionally immortal. Sheridan's attack was a much more serious wound than they expected, however.
Sigh immortality. I blame autocorrect. But I also suck sometimes at spelling.
I mean the shadows did commit Genocide as well, being rather murderous to the Narn Telepaths, and attempting to take over human telepaths as wetware CPUs. It's really old school Order versus Chaos. Vorlons want people in their place to follow their roles and obey. Shadows want us to fight.
They hit the right balance between 'story of the week' and ongoing season long plots. So it's not 100% required to watch every episode, but does reward you if you do. Also a sense of fun, and exploiting Seattle properly (being another CW production shot mostly in Vancouver) instead of pretending the show is shot somewhere warmer. (The CW is better at this then most, with Arrow and Flash both being effectively in Portland and Seattle. Contrast 'The Good Doctor' on CBS which is shot in what's clearly the pacific northwest, but suppose to be warm and sunny San Jose).
Bad Bot
The problem is people are very good about inventing around the law. Bumpstocks were created because people needed to get around the ban on automatic fire (the bump makes the trigger pulled many times, making it not an automatic under current laws). And unfortunately, too many in the gun control community are ignorant of guns. That means they can get sold a bill with loop holes. This bill defines bump stocks as "Bump-fire stock" means a butt stock designed to be attached to a semiautomatic firearm with the effect of increasing the rate of fire achievable with the semiautomatic firearm to that of a fully automatic firearm by using the energy from the recoil of the firearm to generate reciprocating action that facilitates repeated activation of the trigger." But go look up bump fire techniques on youtube to see [ways to get the same result with practice on regular guns.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2YLgLj8KVY) Someone who wants to bump fire doesn't need such a stock, so the law is not going to be nearly as effective as people would like.
Dialysis? What is this, the Dark Ages? Here, you swallow that, and if you have any more problems, just call me!
The book of love is long and boring
We need to bring back /r/thanksobama
Depends on where. There's at least 3 regions. There's the Irrigated regions, such as around the Tri-Cities and Yakima. It's high desert/prairie land that is well irrigated, so grow lots of fruits etc. Tri-cities is also somewhat nerdy/industrial due to Hanford/PNNL. Then there's the prairie regions, aka the Palouse, which do dryland farming (wheat and legumes), and so it's rolling hills of grain. Both WSU and U Idaho are in the middle of that. Then up north towards Spokane it becomes much more mountainous.
I've seen it with both men and women. It can be a siege mentality where people dating outside the ethnic group are seen as doing it as a way to signify their status, and read all sorts of things into it. Like a successful black man dating a white woman can be view as him flaunting his success by marrying a white woman. Which can make others within the African-American community feel insecure. Especially as black women, [according to some data](https://theblog.okcupid.com/race-and-attraction-2009-2014-107dcbb4f060), were viewed as less desirable by non-black men. The same data also states Asian men were viewed as less desirable by non-asian women. So some members of these communities may get possessive about the dating habits of other members of the community.
[Casta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casta) is another term, and it got super complicated. Basically the top were fresh from Europe ( Peninsulares aka from the Spanish peninsula). Then the descendants of Europeans known as criollo (basically means native born and raised, but generally means white or white passing). After that you get various mixed race combinations with those with visibly white features being more privileged then Native or Black features, with black and native (and mixes of black and native) on the bottom. There's a staggering number of terms involved, and an entire art genre of paintings depicting it.
Cut your self with that edge?
The Dome is Love. The Dome is Life. I noped out when the pod people started taking over.
From an earlier post of mine: My problem with Shameless is something the US version did by being a success. In the original UK version, most of the characters come and go. Frank is the only Gallagher who actually sticks around. Fiona, Debbie, Lip, Carl and Ian all escape. Because the US show wants to keep the cast together and keep going, No one can succeed: US Lip can't succeed at college. UK Lip became an architect and raised his kid with Mandy. UK Fiona ran off with Steve who got his shit together, and shows up at the end of the show to steal the youngest ones out from under Frank so they won't be screw ups. US Fiona has given up on raising her siblings and is a huge fuck up. UK Ian leaves to hide from gangsters because he saved a friend's life. US Ian leaves because he's inherited Monica's mental illness. (Actually a better plot, but they fail the ending). UK Debbie becomes the new Fiona after Fiona escapes. Debbie at 17 decides she needs out and joins the military. US Debbie becomes a teen mom. UK Carl becomes a cop. US Carl goes to prison. UK Liam grew up and became a Buddhist. US Liam is finally allowed to talk.
Litigation is its own thing that's about being a good litigator rather than good at IP. Soft IP can be insanely competitive. With big law, it's more with what I've seen with IP firms with a large prosecution section suddenly have mass exoduses because senior associates realize they won't make partner, and the nature of prosecution makes it much easier to set up a small dedicated practice.
They've called it also [the American Redoubt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Redoubt) and try to say it's just 'survivalist' not white supremacist. But damn if those Wikipedia pages aren't in an edit war with fans of a 'prepper' author trying to make it sound 'christian-oriented' rather than neo-nazi.
If you're in Florida, please speak to Florida Lawyers for the Arts: http://www.artslawfl.org/ These are complicated enough questions you're wanting more specific answers for than are appropriate online.
True dat. ~1990 they had a chance to do something amazing. They owned an ISP, a catalog business and a credit card, and could have had a lock on virtual shopping, including provisions such as order online, pick up in store which retailers today all want.
Eg. you might love each other but have something else that makes it incompatible, and trying to force it makes a tragedy. The big stuff that people gloss over are stuff like desire for kids, career plans, feelings about commitment and/or monogamy, long distance, and attitudes about money. None of that is necessarily a deal breaker, but if people have strong opposed feelings, its going to end in tears. For example, if one of you has solid career plans to be a doctor, and need to move for med school/residency, and the other has solid career plans that are rooted to a single location, it's going to be a long distance relationship and many folks can't handle that.
You need to believe in things that aren't true. How else can they become?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPXUG8q4jKU
Plus, you know, most car makers either have an existing factory or a sister factory (shared owners) in the EU tooled to make cars popular for europe. Eg. ford already has plants in Europe and Daimler owns Chyrsler
I mean Ollie North managed to be convicted of obstruction of justice for his part in Iran-Contra and has a show on fox news. Mostly because it became political and saying bad things about Ollie North implies bad things about Reagan.
Important to note Bashir and Garak was a romance, not a bromance. Andrew Robinson has even said he played Garak intentionally flirting with Bashir .
The term I've heard is [Required Secondary Powers.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/RequiredSecondaryPowers) TVtropes link warning. There's a bunch of them if you think about various superheroes and powers. For example, superman has several, with one of the biggest being his ability to spread out his strength. Eg. if Superman lifts an oil tanker out of the ocean, the tanker isn't designed to be lifted on a single point and should break. Or if superman is holding up a falling building, his feet should be digging deep into the ground. Or if he's moving at super speed, his clothes should be catching fire (in some versions his suit is super too, while in others he's got a mild telekinetic field, which also explains his strength spreading out).
Also kid actors. Wait too long and they start drinking and smoking crack. Although with luck they get their shit together and bob saget will make sure they get enough work they don't feel bored enough to go back on meth.
Nah, just tired and making a mean joke about Jodie Sweetin.
Reagan gets a pass from a lot of people because his get tough foreign policy with the Soviet Union seemed to work, and ultimately the 80s were economically pretty good after the 1970s. Presidents get the credit for a good economy. The funny think is Reagan today would be too liberal for many of the vocal members of the right. For example, he did a general amnesty on undocumented immigrants.
Disbarment is pretty much the same as losing the law license, but it's permanent. Disbarment can also be used as a catch all for attorney disciplinary actions by the bar, but usually means losing the law license. Also in California it may take until the lawyer being disbarred stops appealing the underlying crimes for the disbarment to be completely effective. For example https://www.ocregister.com/2018/01/05/attorney-who-founded-motorcycle-gang-convicted-of-triple-murder-agrees-to-disbarment-state-bar-says/ Here the attorney was convicted ~24 years ago of triple murder and had years and years of appeals going on his conviction. Disbarment was stayed due to the appeals
See the documentary [The Guardian](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJod1Uc3UTk)
https://wallethub.com/edu/states-most-least-dependent-on-the-federal-government/2700/
You are the children of a dead planet, earthdeirdre, and this death we do not comprehend. We shall take you in, but may we ask this question—will we too catch the planetdeath disease?
A big cast of actors generally means at least one of them is gonna have some crazy. Compound this with a big cast of teens who are music kids as well, and that means there's probably a crazy adolescence (Eg. teens with strong resumes because of crazy ass stage parents, or teens with no parental involvement).
It's similar to how in some places you can avoid paying taxes on the profits of selling a house if you immediately buy a new house.
And how they usually end up being impractical for mass production, or will cost roughly 100 dollars each.
I wish the Ranch ended better. After that Francis just kinda floated with random plots here and there.
Ok so Dewey got Rich, and Malcolm is working up his way at a DA's office. What's happened to our other characters?
So yet another case manager? Not an original idea. Dozens of competitors.
So you're saying we'd have to go back to 1955?
Sie also is she. Ich bin. Du bist. Er/sie/es ist. Wir sind. Ihr Seid. Sie/Sie Sind. I am. You are. He/She/It is. We are. You (Plural) are. They are.
You want just enough information so people wondering whether or not it's worth turning state's evidence will feel reassured.
From what I understand, sometimes it's prison and witness protection. You do your time under a fake name in some random obscure prison. Then you get out and get a new name and identity. EDIT: as for the secluded towns, Henry Hill had a big mouth and said he was at various times in Omaha, Nebraska; Independence, Kentucky; Redmond, Washington; and Seattle, Washington. When he got drunk/high in Seattle he boasted about who he was at a neighborhood cookout then was moved one last time to Sarasota, Florida before he got kicked out.
&gt; one guy would buy thousands and thousands of dollars on his credit card, and just pay his credit card bill with the dollar coins to rack in millions of airline miles. Pretty smart if you ask me. Apparently this was a huge thing on churning websites. [One guy apparently did ~2.4 million dollars in churning with it.](http://www.businessinsider.com/us-mint-ends-the-dollar-coin-scam-for-airline-miles-2011-7)
Yeah my german experience needs an update. Haven't been since 2010, and my work experience has all been at a law firm that was Bairische.
College is anything granting a degree above the high school level, although usually people mean a 4 year degree. Universities are able to doctoral degrees. This means they also sponsor original research. Part of the confusion is most american universities are comprised of multiple colleges. For example, a university may have a college of science, a college of business, a college of agriculture. Depending on the history of that university, multiple colleges may have merged. For example, Harvard University has multiple different colleges and institutes. Harvard College is the core of the university, and has about 2000 undergraduate students. Radcliffe College was the sister school for Harvard College (Harvard being all male, Radcliffe being all female). Radcliffe merged with Harvard University in 1977, and for many years was a separate college within Harvard University. Now Radcliffe is a graduate institute as part of Harvard University, and no longer a 'college'. The big thing is in the US we commonly use college to refer to both college and university. We will say graduate school when we specifically referring to programs after a 4 year degree. For example 'Oh, Bob goes to college at Harvard, he's in graduate school there', means Bob is at Harvard University, and working on a graduate degree (usually implies PhD).
Whenever I have a problem, I throw a Molotov cocktail. Then boom, I have a different problem!
Also shows he understands the source material. Worth extra credit.
Cause Polka died.
Hey, I used to work in that building!
And So It Begins...
I just did the same thing, no free prime for it, but lodged the complaint.
In many ways yes. At the end of season 1 when Phil becomes Tandy, he has a true epiphany that he's the asshole messing up things.
...what do you want?...
Don't eat Japanese food before bed...
&gt; That said, the absence of S3 is just weird It was an error, they added it.
Eh they've got a number of rough episodes but a few good ones.
I mean it was one of the top songs of that year.
I mean that's backing up part of what I'm saying with the large public lands. It's now mostly off limits and as a result drives up the stump fees else where. To a bunch of rednecks in the industry the ability for Canada to do low stump fees administratively rather than on the open market seems like a cheat. It's not correct, but it's why people feel bad. As for Aluminum our industry peaked long ago, although our industry is older. Its kinda one of the points of free trade is specialization. Eg. let Canada buy our cars, airplanes, electronics and veggies. The US buys oil, timber, aluminium, meat, Robotic arms. What's really stupid about all of this is Canadian Aluminum will be turned into parts in the US, assembled in Mexico, and resold in Canada.
Or both...
It's actually gotten better in recent years, as the new writers who grew up on it are combined with the tech that makes it easier to have highly detailed backgrounds.
It's a political question rather than a legal question. It's basically a question at what point will congress impeach.
I held a Nobel Prize in each hand. (those belonging to Linus Pauling, at the special collections in the main library at Oregon State University).
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krypto
Otoh Doctor Oz has proved a surgeon can be paid to fake intimate knowledge of organic chemistry and nutrition.
The only C I got in undergraduate was for a Statistic Course required by my major, as well as most other majors in STEM fields. The guy who taught it was a sweet man who was an adjunct who worked in industry. He'd bake cookies for tests. He was probably the worst person I've ever had at teaching the concept. He was excruciatingly boring. The class had a size of about ~120 people, but quickly had most of the lesson in a room more set up for 30 people with an average attendance of 10-20. It was just so difficult to learn from him, and his examples were all hyper specific examples from his job dealing with a specific type of error. Only class I started regularly cutting in my entire education. I got a C. I'm happy with it.
Yup. Which is why you don't ask the client whether they did it.
I think Carrie Coon as Gloria Burgle was better, and she at least got the nod for that.
First you should always be controlling the introduction and what they are telling you, not letting them do the word vomit. Second, if they did tell you, then it becomes a more complicated issue based on what they want to do, and whats going to happen. For example, what they told you may be guilty of A crime, but not the crime they are charged with. That can help actually, and makes it in many respects mentally easier to defend the client. Overcharging happens. It's a common tactic to get people to plea out. Eg. the DA charges a crime with a 5 year penalty to get you to accept 2 years. But the client may have only committed a more minor version worth a couple weeks in jail. The DA may want to give a trial tax on your client if they go to trial, so they go to trial seeking those 5 years. But the DA's bid at encouraging a deal may backfire as the client wasn't guilty of the more serious offenses. One of the important things to remember is there are degrees of crimes, and degrees of guilt. All too often the DA's view longer sentences as a way to scare defendants into pleading to crimes they are not guilty of.
Google 'Lawyer for the arts' and your province or city for legal clinics for lawyers who can provide free or reduced price services. For example, there's a clinic in Toronto http://www.alasontario.ca/
My flair indicates I don't really practice that type of law.
I put food in the toilet the way God intended!
[Like maple syrup, Canada's evil oozes over the United States.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZXgYKx0aQI)
A couple of things. First, there's a bunch of people for whom if the economy is doing well, they view things as going alright. They are extremely fickle and will turn on whomever is in charge when the economy sours. Second, there's a group of hardcore religious groups who don't care about anything but getting anti-choice judges appointed. Trump is delivering. Third, there's a group whose main ideology is 'fuck the liberals', and anything Trump does that pisses them off is considered good. These are Trump's hardcore fans. Fourth, there are various neo and paelo conservatives who have been mostly happy with whats happening with regards to borders and foreign relations as they dislike immigration or think trade is a zero sum game.
Yeah I feel like somewhere between ~2014 and now the writers have changed to a group that grew up on it and aren't afraid to make references to past episodes and revisit concepts and ideas. It's not at its peak, but its watchable.
Watch the episode after that, as its literally the best episode.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ShaggyDogStory
Also Lorne is 73. Kenan is the most likely replacement.
She left ER for SNL...
She's Iranian, and played Nurse Suri in the last season of ER. https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1840659/
And FDR interned ~100,000 citizens. The problem with making people saints is saints are truly rare. The Vatican used to have an office called "Promoter of the Faith" whose job was commonly called the Devil's Advocate. It was their job as a canon lawyer to argue against recognizing new saints. The office was opened in 1587 and lasted until John Paul the Second greatly reduced the powers in 1983. Over the ~400 years the office existed, about 330 saints were recognized. In the ~20 years following the reduction of the office, ~480 new saints were recognized. Basically it allowed fast tracking of saints, and has been criticized as letting people be sainted too close to their lifetimes when emotions are running hot and it's hard to rationally evaluate their lives. The point I make is there's a tendency in our culture to make people who are admired saints, and to ignore their faults. You see it with people who get angry over discussing faults of the founding fathers. You see it with people who hate discussing the dark side of the confederacy. You see it with people who hate discussing the flaws of communism and the flaws of capitalism. You see it with the people who hate acknowledging flaws of civil rights leaders. It's possible to respect Einstein the scientist, and not the man. It's possible to respect Churchill's work in fighting the Nazis, and not the old man who ruled as a colonial overlord. It's possible to respect FDR for holding the US together and fighting a just war, while finding his personal failings of bigotry as horrific.
Some of them work. Some of them work shit jobs and are saving money. Some of them don't work traditional jobs and are pretty ok living like this. Some of them are panhandling or other anti-social jobs. Some of them are also refusing moving to facilities/shelters due to restrictions, such as addicts who refuse treatment. The problem with just moving them around is it just shifts the problem. I don't think its safe or a good idea for them to be there. But they're less likely to be bothered there so it makes it attractive. There's not a good and easy solution.
Hey OP, LA has several legal clinics and legal aid societies that can help you with this. For a start here's a few websites of legal aid groups in LA county. Try googling legal aid + your city as well. lafla.org nlsla.org bettzedek.org Also pretty much every LA law school (there's like 10, including USC, UCLA, Loyola, Pepperdine, Southwestern, and several more) has a legal clinic which should be in summer session.
I smell a decent drama series. Maybe you're an immortal doctor/medical examiner in New York City whose cursed to stay in the city until he can share his immortality with his true love. EDIT: I'm intentionally referring to both Forever and New Amsterdam (as well as Highlander, Forever Knight and a Star Trek episode)
I'm sorry, but fuck you buddy.
That should be an OR. There are ways to get paid to go to law school, or have someone else pay. Those ways are worth it.
Yeah except she's not killed in the last two minutes to hook up with Robin.
Or New Amsterdam. It also shares part of the concept with Highlander, Forever Knight, some star trek episodes.
Also New Amsterdam, except he's a cop in that one.
We all know lightbringer was his penis.
Which is basically a remake of New Amsterdam, where it's John Amsterdam, an immortal New York City Homicide detective whose cursed/blessed to live forever until he finds the love of his life. Which still borrows a bunch from Highlander and Forever Knight.
Also Forever. It's also pretty similar to Highlander and Forever Knight.
