Which part and why if you don't mind? Sounds like you're smiling because of a decline in the numbers of American Catholics, the comment you replied to. Is that a correct assessment or is it something else? I just want to be clear.
I appreciate your response. It sounds like what I would come up with thinking about it on my own, I just need to be careful I don't agree with you because of my own bias on the subject. I suspect others with similar views, and hopefully an opposing viewpoint, will add to your response. Have a good evening bud.
That's good to know. Thanks for the feedback. Would you say it's the same across all grades or is there a diffence in later grades as the focus shifts toward higher education? Does that degree of hands on maintain at the middle/high school levels?
Tunnel Snakes Rule!
Well, looks like both he and his character failed their save throws.
Murderers get +3 to all saves. You know, for posterity.
Must be the train station you get off at during your initial strike on Shinra HQ.
Those aren't salepeople, those are assholes. It's one thing to be a go-getter salesperson, it's another to be an annoying douchenozzle. But hey, gotta make that nut each quarter. Turn those machines back on! Sell, Sell, Sell!
Porters has been in the works to close for a while now. That wasn't sudden at all. MSD bought the location for a treatment plant (or something thereabouts).
Photoshop tackle, that's what.
The tail is a dead giveaway that it's a shop job. They tried though. They attempted to match the shadow across her shirt even.
You and I both.
She used to be attractive. I mean she still is but she used to be too.
The whole movie is full of classic lines.
Fifth Third bank is Mastercard.
Pretty sure most TSA workers have failed 95% of all the other tests they've taken in their lives. How else does one end up with the TSA.
I used to play a game called Guardian Legend that had a similar BS code pattern for returning to your save. Such a hard game, such a pain to enter the code.
This pervert should do the world a favor and hang himself in his cell tonight. Not only a child predator but a teacher of young men. Disgusting. Edit: I'm guessing whomever downvoted my comment supports this man and his actions. Sad. Edit2: Are there that many Trinity kids on Reddit? What's with the circlejerk downvoting? You want this guy to be free? Do you want the court system to pay to prosecute and house people like this? Any other day of the week Reddit's mindset is that pedo's should get what's coming to them, yet this guy /r/louisville wants to defend? He's admitted to it all, so it's not a question of quilt. Do you want this guy on our streets and in our schools? Judging by the love in this whole thread for this guy, looks like there are a lot of former students defending him. You are defending someone who is now an admitted sex offender, you realize that right? An admitted sex offender in the education system, how do you justify that, honestly, plead your case. It doesn't matter how nice he was to you as a substitute teacher, he's a wolf in sheeps clothing. Any one of you or your classmates could have been a victim and you're lucky he was found out before something more severe occurred.
A young Mini Driver.
I here he charged about tree fity to sew buttons.
Well, the cop in movies not playing by the rules is usually part of a corrupt police unit/precinct and almost always shirking the rules to do the right thing. Rather than shooting dogs and innocent folk.
Grab a hose?
The experience of failure is pretty important. Trying something once and failing is okay. Try it again, learn from your mistake. If you fail again, chances are if it's something you can do the third time is much more likely to be successful. You've done it a few times, learned what not to do and thought a lot more about how to do it. You've probably develop at least some muscle memory and if you're already failed a couple times, you've got that fear out of the way. A lot of doing something is getting over that initial fear of failure. It's like trying to ride a skateboard on a halfpipe. You are going to fall the first time you try it, so it's easy to talk yourself out of doing it. If you just suck it up, do it, take the fall, you get over that fear and can then move onto overcoming any true physical rather than psychological barrier.
We've quite simply attacked way too many chickens.
Which half of your sister are you hooking up with? The top half or bottom half? And why is she in pieces?
That's a frightful thought. You're probably correct.
Jesus Christ, Gil! There's just something things you don't talk about in public!
Bill Nye?! Holy hell, proximity to all that cool science stuff really does a number on the skin. Must have been noxzema.
Are you talking about IT as in Information Technology (programming, hardware, web design, etc), a standard call center (you reference phone calls and scripts), or doing phone tech support (a specific type of the previous option). It sounds like you could be talking about all three and all three are vastly different job types/fields with different pay and responsibilities.
I would think so, that's usually the case in situations like this. The story says they acquired assets, which in this case is likely the 11,000 accounts they service. From the article: "RealPage plans to combine Indatus with its Level One live agent solutions and their chief financial officer says merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue." They are based in Texas and do similar work. They aren't likely to relocate their operation from Texas to Louisville and in order to " merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue" the only way to do that to the tune of $49million is to shut this location down, hire some more staff in Texas and handle the 11,000 accounts they purchased at their main location.
Let's hope it works out that way then. Any idea how many employee's they currently have if they are keeping 80? I wonder if the cuts will be call center or development. Dev's get paid more than phone reps....
Start saving your caps chiilllllldren.
Third Son of the Third Son?
Good luck getting a water gun through TSA.
Moss Def is a really talented heart guy.
Learn to meta. If it's been mentioned on the front page in the past 48 hrs consider it common Reddit meta for the next 48. Standard.
Holy hell, I missed the internet?!
Hey bro, you're late with your part of the rent again. You're gonna have to scratch my balls for another month whenever I need it. That's the deal, remember.
Haven't watched South Park in...10 yrs (jesus!). Context?
Which brings up the point: Someone will be the first one to take Jenners new V-Card.
Is there a more Irish name than Patrick Murphy?
That dog is not on a leash. Savages in this town.
Man, I'm so glad to hear that. In my experience, ghosts are very reliable pet owners. ESP when it comes to dogs.
I'm laughing, but somehow, I still don't understand. But thanks for the link. I must've gotten old somewhere in the last 10yrs.
Typical ghosts.
Deaf? Do you mean mute?
I knew a Bosnian girl who when she would go to the bathroom would say, "It's time to watch the bearded dragon spit". She never let me watch though.
Bunches. Love would be measured in bunches, of course.
I love lamp.
It only gets harder. Welcome to Grownupland.
No, I do not know any Buffalo fans. Edit: TY for Gold!
Carpetmuncher.
Usain Lighting, I'm sayin Gold!
Have you ever heard of the Internet? You do realize you can use it to find anything in a city that city may have? Do you know how often nothing or very little comes up on any search for that area? Do you need to drive through a place everyday to understand there is little there? I was out there two months ago (I said I rarely go, not never) to purchase some items from someone who lives out there. The area hadnt changed since the last time I was out there, do you wish to make a case that the area has changed considerably over the last several years? An insult by comparing to the West End, sounds like you're the one with a preconceived notion about that part of town such that a simple comparrison of the two offends you. I've simply said there is little in either part of town to draw outsiders in. No reason to be so offended over facts. I like your dig on the East End, an assumption that is where I live? One end of town has constant new construction of businesses and homes and draws outsiders to the city, one does not. Do you know which is which? It's a simple economic reality. If you live in the Dixie area, why would you go to the East End? Regardless of traffic the distance is near prohibitive. Take the Snyder from 65 heading East and you can stop at all sorts of places along the way. Do the opposite and head West toward Dixie and the Greenbelt there is next to nothing along the way. Do you not know the city you live in and it's socioeconomic reality or do basic facts and clear observations make you feel like you're being attacked when you aren't?
Garbage article. They're trying to make you think Mitch was smuggling drugs, as if Mitch has anything to do with the sailors on the boat or much in the way of hands on operations of thr company. It's like saying Greyhound is for drugs bevause a passenger was carrying a joint in their pocket. Edit: I don't support Mitch at all, but this story is pointless malarkey.
Thanks for the tip. Never heard of the place, I'll add it to my list.
That expression has been around so much longer than 2009.
My eye's started to bleed four sentences in and then my brain exploded. I am currently lying on the floor dying, please, send help.
Now, someone rip a dollar in half.
History of Mental Illness. History of Moving Violations. History of Public Intoxication. So multiple run ins with the law. You can tell from the history and the waist up photograph this man was a heavy drinker, look how distended his stomach is. It's as round and beachball. Celebrating graduation? A drinker is likely to be drinking at such a time. An unhealthy man with a history of alocholism and violent behavior (he assaulted the mayor) who recently had heart surgery is just the kind of person you would expect to have another run in with authorities and be at higher risk of death by tazing. Electricity + a weak heart do not mix. This family is just looking for a pay day by talking like "make sure their loved one didn't die because something wasn't done by the book". This is classic legal talk. If your loved one wasn't an alcoholic and took better care of himself he wouldn't have been in poor health or needed heart surgery and would have been less likely to put himself in the same situations with police over and over and even if tazed, would have stood a much better chance of survival. Sensationalist story trying to piggyback on the national narrative of police brutality. This is not one of those cases.
God, thinking about eating that many Oreos makes me nauseous, especially if you only buy Double Stuff.
And by April, he means April 20th.
That's pretty much what I would do, but I'm no lawyer. Make sure you write into the contract what happens if they don't pay (do you return funds in full or with a penalty) and what timeframe they have, and what happens if they miss that timeframe, extension options, etc. Also, just wanted to point out, it's "prospective buyers" not "perspective buyers". They mean very different things.
Good. Good luck in prison boys, gonna need it.
This guy needs to do a TIFU, seriously.
Do you like to talk when you're drunk? I know I do. Do you like to say stupid shit you have no idea about when you're drunk? I know I do. Do you drink at home, alone, at night? I know I do. You can only spend so much of this time masturbating. You either go to bed or let your fingers start talking for you.
I read a synapsis once that the point of the film was that it was written as just the diner scene (opening and closing scene) that was then split up to fill in the story as to how the people in ther diner arrived at that moment. The whole movie sets the context for the diner scene.
Unless you're a Conehead.
Dad, get out!
The custodian in Half Baked seemed like a real cool dude.
The what?
Unlike California Rain.
See: Duke Nukem Forever
If your opponents are playing to loose you should be playing tighter and if they are playing to tight then you should play looser. This generally goes for the table as a whole and against specific opponents. Obviously you have to adjust to each situation accordingly and there is never a hard and fast rule so this is more of a broad stroke reply.
And syrup to chug?
Thanks for he input. If they're only taking in 20-30k from roadblocks, that's pretty low. I know there is a lot of volunteer that goes into it but there are still costs involved. When you consider those costs (even if they aren't fully 20-30K) there is still a cost incurred due to economic impact from reduced traffic flow and increase chance of accidents. I'm sure in the past when more people carried more money (cash/coin) there was a higher percentage of donations via roadblocks compared to the overall total donations. But based off your numbers alone the community actually loses more economically than the donations from roadblocks bring in. Don't get me wrong, I'm not advoacting people not donate as the Crusade does good work, but it's looking like (again, based on your numbers) that the roadblocks are a step backwards in terms of community advancement. Would love to hear others thoughts. Thank you.
Poor thing, dragged off to Petdumb like that. Such a shame
He even killed the guy who killed the guy who killed Hitler. Talk about a killcount.
That's assuming all roadblocks pull in similar numbers (even percentage-wise) to the Fern Creek roadbloack and that those percentages apply to the overall Crusade totals for the year. While I agree that $750,000 is no small amount of money, the question is what goes into pulling in that portion of the total through roadblocks. We have to take into consideration all costs associated with those roadblocks, any labor and equipment costs, labor and revenue lost through traffic delays, increase in fuel consumption across the city as a result of traffic delays due to roadblocks, the costs to citizens of any accidents that occur as a result of traffic congestion, and other costs I'm surely overlooking. All those costs matter when considering the overall community benefit. If it costs the city, via tax dollars or citizen out-of-pocket, more than is brought in via the roadblocks, then there is a net negative benefit to the community at large. We agree there needs to be a better look taken at the practice and how it's implemented as well as all the other roadblocks throughout the year. The Shriners and Crusade I understand but so often we see other people just standing out there with buckets (or boots) looking for change and they often do feel sketchy. Unfortunately I think the legitimacy of the Shriners/Crusade roadblocks lure people into a false sense of acceptance for all the others (not that they are all for disreputable causes). I believe we also agree that roadblocks during rush hour are obviously poor judgement on anyones part. Louisville has enough traffic problems during rush hour to purposely add to that mess.
Who would dare harm Rodney Dangerfield?
Ate McDonald, more room in clown car.
I like making banana bread here recently. Pretty hearty, inexpensive, and easy to make. Just cut you a slice and go.
Came here for an accident, was disappointed.
This one time, Tom Cruise and a bunch of cop looking fellas came out of nowhere and arrested me right before I was about to walk into my house. Turns out, my wife was having an affair and I was about to walk in on her and her lover and kill them both. Thank god for Tom Cruise and those fellas, now I only have have to spend life in prison without having had to actually kill anyone. Pre-crime detection is so the way to go!
My name is Gato I have metal joints Beat me up And earn fifteen silver points!
Not only erosion but they create coastal habit as well for wildlife. You don't want to disturb their nests either.
Oh Darwin, handing out them awards.
You financed a liberal arts degree. (probably)
If your lease is setup as you describe, that the landlord can change it on a whim, then sure. If you're serious about an answer though, only a lawyer can really give you the right information. Depending on the laws in your area you might be breaking one or two in some way and your landlord should be concerned. But that it's an issue for your roommates, it doesn't sound like you're the best person to be living with. Don't care about what affects your roommates and don't care about what your lease says or what your landlord says. Is a poker game worth being homeless over? Is it worth pissing off your roommates and making for a tense living arrangement? Is there no where else you can host these games?
knees weak, arms are heavy
It's not their fault they never learned how.
As my realtor explained it to me, as a listing agent, there are time frames involved that make a difference. For the first 7 days, your agent has exclusivity to your property, no one else knows it's listed. From days 7 to 30 other agents your agent works with can see the information for your property. After that 30 days it becomes open game. So, unless you have a property that you know is going to be desireable and sell quick, and you know a hardworking sellers agent, then use that agent. If not then go FSBO. We bought our house FSBO. Our agent helped the sellers with their side of the paperwork without charging them the usual sellers fees, he only took his % from our end as our agent (he was also his own broker).
I went to school with one of my cousins, we were in the same class, graduated together. For reasons I've never learned, his side of the family and our side of the family were not close, even though everyone lived in the roughly the same neighborhoods. So naturally this cousin and I didn't ourselves have much of a relationship. The only time in school would be when he would point out to his soccer teammates that he had a cousin the class and would point to the smart kid that kept to himself most of the time (me). He died in a car accident shortly after we graduated. I went to the funeral. When I walked in, all the other kids from our class just looked at me like "wtf is he here?". First and only time I ever met his parents. His mother hugged me, then said I was built just like him (we were of very similar builds) and she broke down in tears. I asked what happened, they said they didn't know, maybe he "was reaching for a fry and ran off the highway". No, him and all his friends were heavy drinkers in high school, partied hard. His accident was late on a Fri or Sat night, so it's pretty likely what happened. Talk about a waste. I haven't seen anyone else from my class die. There was a set of twins that went to my high school, a few grades back, freshman. One was really nice, the other a total bitch. Over one of the breaks throughout the year they were riding an atv, the same one. The not-nice one was driving. She managed to flip it over and kill her sister, the nice-one. That was sad.
I love a good commercial but marketing doesn't move me. I've never bought a product or service that I've seen marketed. I've never seen a commercial, magazine ad, billboard, etc, and been swayed to utilize that service or product. If I have a need for something, I do my research online for what may fill that need and then purchase or build what I need. The only exception to the above may be coupons, but then only if the coupon is a good value relative to normal price and even then, rarely. I will utilize coupons for places and things I already buy but that isn't really marketing, that's just taking advantage of a discount for something you were already going to purchase. It's like Coke and McDonalds. They spend gobs of money marketing, as if people don't already know they exist and utilize them on some regular cadence. You either eat fast food or you don't, if you do, you know about McDonalds and Coke and Wendy's. You're exposed to a lot of these things through your parents habits growing up moreso than marketing.
Hell, I can fake sneeze, we can all pull that one! Well played!
The Inquisition, here we go; The Inquisition, quite a show.
It's something that not only should be legal, but mandatory. Business has shown that when no one is looking they will attempt to get away with whatever they can. Purposely creating an environment of zero transparency is the same as saying we you have something hide. It's the same for businesses as it is for drug addicts, you hide your bad behavior because you know they're wrong and don't want anyone to stop you from doing them.
You'd still have considerable economic issues. The blow to consumer confidence would wreck havoc on the US economy and filter through our trade partners, just on a much larger scale than post 9/11. Then, if NY destruction was a result of an attack (of any sort) there would be a massive mobilization of US military, even a build up of troops and supplies. This would likely occur throughout the military's of our closest allies as well, depending on the cause said destruction. Further, it would like lead further to the decline of American influence in the world creating a power vacuum to be filled by who knows who or how. This is likely the same result that would happen if any major city, think London, Paris, Berlin, Beijing, were to be destroyed.
A tifu from yesterday
I may not be the biggest horse in the barn, but I'm still a horse.
I've clearly been talking about transparency since my first post, not secret taping, Keinichn was talking about secret taping in one short sentence and nothing further. Whom are you having this conversation with? Him or me, because it sure doesn't sound like he's involved and I've been consistent the whole way through with what I've been advocating. Again, you're the one still hung up on secret taping.
What? I've not advocated secret spying at all. I've called for transparency on the part of government organizations and watch groups. Again, since you still don't seem to understand, I am talking about TRANSPARENCY, not secret spying. Mandatory transparency. The shit the NSA pulls, that's secret spying. Governement organizations and watch groups going in for inspections to provide TRANSPARENCY is not what the NSA is doing. At first I though you were dense but now I suspect you're simply trolling. I'm not going to keep repeating myself just so you can understand. Farewell.
Well, it certainly is if she doesn't have kids.
Organs, hell! Get this kid a piano!
Those aren't kids man, those are little strippers. You know, midgets.
Perfectly.
Outside? Ain't no outside 'round here.
Well, they used to do that in the Southern States. Just covering their asses I'd say.
RIP
Get out of here with your common sense and logic. You are however, very correct.
Like default Reddit really. I remember a time not so long ago where I would log in daily and laugh my little nuts off at all kinds of funny memes. This was before I knew anything about Reddit and customizing what subreddits I was apart of. Then, one sad day, I woke up, logged in and GONE, all GONE! They'd changed'm around. So Reddit went from funny memes to twoxchromosones and drama drama drama in a way I never knew before. I learned real quick that day about subreddit management and never looked back. It's not near as funny as it used to be, but it's still good enough for a laugh here and there.
I was reading this thread to my fiance. She admitted she loves when I do this. I almost always wear rolled-up sleeve shirts or longsleeve t-shirts. Now I know to make sure to do it in front of her a little more often. Not too much more, just a little.
God Damn, I love that movie.
What? Don't want to see, just sum up please.
Just don't give a shit about being rejected and it'll be so much easier, trust me. Not every piece fits, not every two people are supposed to get along/be together. There are lots of other fish in the sea. If they were your soulmate, they wouldn't turn you down (if you believe in that nonsense). Just be yourself, don't be a creep, but certainly don't just do it out of the blue. At least make eye contact from across the room first or something. You don't just go up and tap a girl on the shoulder to get her to turn around and be like, "I like cheese. You like cheese too?".
A clear case of Canada Mouth, the poor bastard.
Where in the world does this not happen? Curious. Most of human history has developed a long coasts, riverbanks, streams, and lakeshores. The Nile flooded regularly throughout Egyptian history so it's really not at all uncommon to build in areas that are prone to flooding. In the US and elsewhere.
Did you get any of it in writing? Hard to imagine not having to pay for coverage the time you were in NJ.
Because someone will build in front of you, blocking your view. The high water mark is just that, the high water mark. There are many years typically where the water doesn't reach that high. So you ensure to cover your damages that 1 yr in 5 that you do have a problem. Flood plains for rivers can cover a large area and if we ignored that land we'd be giving up a lot of normally usable real estate. For example, I live in Louisville, Ky along the banks of the Ohio River. Sometimes, every so many years our downtown area gets hit with some flooding. Some of those times it's bad, others not so much. But we still use that real estate. We have highways there, greenspace (a huge park), businesses (some at ground level, some elevated), and other things like our minor league baseball stadium and the new Yum! Center (University of Lousville basketball arena). We're talking billions of dollars in infrastructure and other assets. If it's built properly, maintained well, and insured correctly there is no reason to let that land lay unused. Just to give you an [idea](http://www.kentuckycreditcardprocessing.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/downtown-louisville.jpg).
And in another dimension there is a cookie that eats monsters.
All these guys trying to talk so hard, sounding like little girls screaming with those high pitched voices. At least one person knows enough to say not to pull it out. But a knife to the spine, shit.
Nobody tells DJ Request what to play.
Say it, don't spray it, Abe.
I'm sure it lowers the overall costs for services to some degree. Fast response times to treat the more common emergencies, lower costs of that response time due to less equipment needed, better survival rate and lower malpractice/lawsuit costs, plus better deployment of the response fleet in general. Sounds like a good idea to me.
As someone else said, WHOOSH!
Thank you so much for that! Now I know how to properly maintain my d*ck!
OMG I'M FLIPPING OUT!
Why does it matter? People die, it's a fact of life. Most accidents and deaths occur in the home anyway. Given a home of sufficient age, it's not unrealistic for someone to have died in said house.
It's in case you change you mind and decide not to eat it so you can just put it back in the box.
Not just any set of books, Asimov's basis for the Foundation novels.
Well, I watched Europa Report this morning. Not on fucking Europa, that's for damn sure.
"I'm sorry I never got back to you. My power went out for a moment and it deleted my Facebook account."
Hand 1: You've made the hand you want but your read on the other players as weak makes me think this is a fold. When a weak player suddenly wakes up like that it's usually a solid hand and given no other information, I think you wait for a better spot. He's played it like he's flopped bottom two and wants to take the pot now before the straight draws get there. Hand 2: With the pot of ~400 and them both having ~100, I say ship'm in, you're good here often enough and going to get paid off by JK/JQ/J9/J8 like always. I suspect you're up against straight and flush draws with a piece more than you are a boat. If one of the limpers had AA they would have reraised you PF and I would think TT would have put in an raise PF as well.
It's a much better game when it's played right than with everyone's BS house rules like Free Parking money (all those fees really go the bank, not awarded for landing on Free Parking). Look up some Monopoly strategy and you'll get a much better appreciation for the game.
I can see that being entertaining as well.
Your explaination is exactly what I was thinking as well. It's the exact move a weak passive player makes when they get a hand and don't know how to play for value on future streets.
This thread makes me glad I own a jon boat in the midwest with a launchable lake 3mins from the house. My annual expense is whatever it costs to top off my battery, taxes, and gas for the 6hp outboard I run a few times/yr. Annual cost in the couple hundred range. I don't have anything add though, just glad I don't have a thing for bigger boats.
Quotes are like rape whistles you know. They ward off rapists in the real world and pitchforks on reddit.
"He said, "The sheriff is near."."
/r/spiderbro would simply consider him as guarding your beer from flies and gnats. All hail your new beer bro!
In your position though, with your education, once you get into your field and out of training, it'll really open up doors for you in management/oversight roles if you're interested in that. But at the moment, I agree, it doesn't do you much good. Still have to earn your spot in your new career, get time under your belt, and learn your craft. After that, the sky's the limit. Good luck! Oh, btw, same with our highschoolsin the 90s. I graduated in 98 and by that time I had missed those type of class by a couple years. My school did have a tech lab that I was really good at and I started college in engineering school, I just wasn't ready yet and working part-time at night really made classes tough so it hurt my grades and I ended up out of engineering. Probably my biggest regret. We live and learn.
IBEW Local 369
Turtle Power! Edit: It's probably the most wrong I've ever fit into one joke.
Those legs, going on for days.
Now that does hurt.
Sounds exactly what a dad should do.
Pretty wack that their currency has a higher value sold as a novelty than used as actual currency. You can buy their currency as a novelty but you can't use their currency to buy novelties.
And now you've got internet and video games making it even less neccessary/attractive for kids to go outside. It's a vicious cycle. One that starts now as soon as parents can stick a phone or tablet in their kids hands to keep them quite and occupied.
This. This is how kids are supposed to be playing. You learned orgaization. You learned to build. You learned leadership and subordination. You learned task diffusion. You learned war, how to fight and defend. You learned how to end those fucking barbie dolls.
Also like a seal.
Exactly. But what do so many parents seem to do these days? Especially parents of young kids? They go to work, come home tired and then spend time on their phones, computers, tablets, laptops, etc. Childrens behaviors mimic those they see and the ones reinforced the most. Parents have bad eating habits, yup, kids are likely to as well. Parents are rude assholes to people, yep kids are gonna pick that up. Parents molest or abuse their kids, those kids are more likely to do the same to others. If you take your kids camping, or to museums, or anything else you feel is positive, they're gonna pick up on those behaviors just the same. Good on you man.
Fuck yo couch white bread motherfucka! Gosh, that was fun.
I haven't used a public laundry in years, so glad for that. Never again.
They may well have been. The kind of person to do something like this strikes me as the kind of person who avoids confrontation. But really, we don't know. They could be serial dickheads and do stuff like this regularly or they could have been a family who really needed to get towels done had no way to do them. It's still rude, but in hindsight, while throwing their towels and stuff away makes me feel tough and justified, in the chance they were a poor family with no other means I would probably have just shook my head, looked around and eyeballed everyone hard, then left them on a table. It seems there's some sort of karma when it comes to public laundry and I don't know I want to reap much bad karma there.
Then why were they dressed like cops then?
Well that's damned awesome, thank you.
Well ya, sure, unless you're the type of beast that has sex outdoors all the time.
It doesn't hurt to try? Some places are more lax with their policies? A lot of cashiers don't know the rules of their own companies so maybe you can pull one over on them? Sometimes a person just feels entitled. A lot of people realize that they can often get their way because at the end of the day retailers don't want to lose you as a customer. Brick &amp; Morter stores have been under attack from online business for years and every customer you have as a B&amp;M is one you don't want to piss off. As a retailer, it's often worth it to bite the bullet on a $20 item when that person probably spends hundreds or thousands with you over the course of a year. It's not just that single transaction at stake here. Let's say you're trying this at a company like Staples which deals in office supplies. Most of your customers, in one form or another, are business customers, usually small business. Do you want to piss off a customer that spends money across all your departments all year round to run their business over a single inexpensive item? Do you want your other customers to see that exchange? What will they think? They don't hear the details, they just hear you telling someone "No".
Because it's not just for kids. There are a lot people who care to hear a lot of that language or see offensive stuff. People who cuss or are fine with obsenities aren't likely to complain that there are none of those on TV, meanwhile the people who don't want to see those things will not only complain but won't watch a show. Not watching a show hurts viewership, which hurts ratings, which affects advertising rates the networks charge.
Don't just do it for sex, girls can smell that and that still scares a lot of them, expecially if they haven't before. The consequences of sex for a young woman are still more severe for a young man. Treat them with respect, be a gentleman, make them laugh, chocolate, and DON'T try to get in their pants and the rest will come naturally.
Elvis and Michael Jackson
You're not that far off. Now, if only you knew enough to throw in a dig at the Detroit Lions Postseason performance you'd be on your way to stardom. Edit: Because I'm sure you don't know, they have a terrible postseason record. http://www.pro-football-reference.com/teams/det/playoffs.htm Something like 1 playoff win in the past 60yrs.
I enjoyed VATS. It's something that sets Fallout apart from so many other games. Plus, I found upclose combat to be a real PITA in Fallout 3. VATS is a much better use of your Ammo. However, with a few perks, VATS really makes the game too easy. Increased head accuracy plus refreshing your AP if you kill a target while in VATS means firefights become more tactical. If anything I would like a better transition into and out of VATS than how it was done in FO3.
Same idea as a stakeout pole for kayaks if you've ever seen one.
I'd say they could bring Goose along, but honestly, he'd be about as effective as a flock of seagulls.
I second this. Look through your original lease and see what it says about if they sell the place what happens. Did you sign a new lease with the new company or did it just roll over?
Part that's still going to suck for that area, there are just so many people. So you'll end up with lots of zombies and survivors and I bet a lot of those survivors will head away from population centers, which there, means North. I think your best bet would be keep going North, as far into Canada as you can. In the US, people in the plains states and large, sparsely populated southern states are going to have the best time. But I guess ultimately it will depend on how it starts. Is it everywhere all at once or does it spread from one city so everyone has lots of notice.
Poker, Fishing, Sex
Only with a deevolution gun.
Op is playing The Long Khan.
No, then Spielberg gets called out for hunting triceratops.
How on earth are they going to charge you? Landlines only? Can they do that to a cellphone? I use a prepaid plan, good luck scammers!
Frontdoor quad equity out the yinyang.
I'm going to say that auto-racing is probably even more expensive than Polo. So much labor and parts goes into maintaining a race car at every level of the sport it's not fair. Next to that I would say sport fishing. Boats, fuel, and gear get insanely expensive very quickly as well and it applies to both saltwater and freshwater fishing for both pro's an amateurs. There are a lot more people into auto-racing and sport fishing than are into polo too. Not saying you're wrong about polo, just wanted to throw out a couple more expensive sports.
LBJ is your co-worker then. I mean Lyndon B Johnson of course.
What's glove got to do, got to do with it. (is what OJ would be singing)
When Cameron was in Egypt's land...let me people goooo.
Take all the water!
You are correct.
Oh boo-hoo. They don't owe you a bike lockup, it's not a legally required improvement such as a wheelchair ramp we're talking about. Plus it's a private business, they can use their space how they see fit. The amount of business they lose by inconveniencing a few cyclist to run these types of events is incredibly small, especially compared with how much they stand to make. That location has almost no storefront to work with and the parking has been a mess for years, space has long been at a premium, and you're upset you cant lock your bike up right out front? Oh, the humanity! You're not shaming Kroger here, you're making yourself look like a whiney, entitled cyclist and for what, karma? No one is going to boycott Kroger over this nothing sleight.
Then you go to the manager and do that. Taking multiple pics for a gallery in a local message board is an action designed to stir up people against the store and does not resolve the immediate issue.
Pratt would be great as Nathan Drake in an Uncharted movie.
That was a huge disappointment for me.
Settle down. He's calling them out for asking for what is essentially a handout. Either of the property itself, simply given to them free, or for the community to just give them money to buy it for them. Which really is quite absurd for them to be asking. Sure they can hope for it, but it's not likely to happen.
Dat ass doh.
Just make sure to close your eyes if you ever decide to open it.
You mean [transwarp beaming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxzYTDX8bIg)?
Worst party ever.
Ha! Love it. So true.
The Lego Circle of Life.
People will see them because: Lucas is not involved. It's Star Wars!! Disney now owns them and is no amateur when it comes to blockbusters. JJ Abrams, shown he can do SciFi, direct, and is a HUGE Star Wars fan. Original Cast Returns! PG/PG-13 Holiday Release. Biggest. Movie. Ever.
I've two large maples and a pine on our 1/4 acre in the 40229, one maple out front the other out back, lovem.
&gt; After betting half pot on flop, my intention was to basically not fold no matter what: if I got raised on the flop or put all-in on the turn, no matter the card. After flop bet, basically the only other player that covered me was BTN who tanked for an extremely long time on the flop with my bet. Other vill had about $25 behind, which I would have called anyways. I think what I was more trying to accomplish with this bet was allow for a wider range of weaker hands to call because I had believed ranges to be more 'elastic' than 'inelastic' (as is so often used to describe nonpolarized and polarized ranges). Correct me if I'm wrong here. If your intention on the flop was to "call no matter what" Then you should shove since you're first to act. Why shove? Because the pot and your stack size don't give you the option of doing much else. Because by shoving first on the flop, you'll get hands with equity to fold or force them to draw on your at the best possible odds for your situation. Given the action preflop it really doesn't matter if you had AA or TT, they're both only a pair now and will be played the same way in this situation. Why isn't check/call a valid option on the flop? Given the read on the table, ie passive, anyone willing to bet into you is likely to have a better hand, when a passive player gets aggressive, you should take note and think real hard about what's going on. Check/call is also incorrect because as mention above, shove is better, even though they accomplish the same thing ie. getting your stack in. One keeps you in control and telling the aggressive story you're trying to tell by your preflop raise. It is preferred to open shove here over check/call pretty much always. Again, see points above about each. You are pot committed on the turn, easily. A lot players, myself included, would say you are pot committed on the flop (before you even bet, hence why I argue for a shove). You want to give your opponents the worst odds possible in order to maximize your value. By shoving on the flop, you give yourself the best position to win the most money and to win more often because any opponent is getting the worst odds you can give to see the Turn and sometimes you're going to take the pot right there, which is always a good thing. I hope that's answered at least some of your questions. If anything isn't clear, let me know and I'll try to elaborate further.
Why are you jaded and edgy? That's a strange comment to leave with no context.
When you say Aluminum boat, do you mean a jon boat style or other type? One thing to look for in aluminum boats is any cracks around welds or rivets, or missing, damage, or popped rivets. We sure to check for cracks around the transom, usually cause by the weight of the engine. Also, if there is any wood in the boat, while you should always check for rot on any boat wood, find out of the wood was original factory install or done by a previous owner. Pressure treated lumber does not react well to aluminum and will damage it over time. Always use marine grade wood on aluminum boats. Aluminum hulls, with even minimum care, can last a very, very long time. If it's a jon boat style (either flat bottom, modifed v-hull, or v-hull) be sure to check out tinboats.net, great resource and community for jon boats.
For every rare time someone flats you with 72o, many more are calling with A7, 77, and lots of others like 97, 87, 76, T7, 75 (suited and unsuited). That is a very sick flop with the number of callers
The common clay of the New Medium. You know, liars.
I heard they respect raises there.
So long as it's head of the Spokane NAACP.
I'm Spartacus.
And I always got points taken off if I didn't show my work.
No kidding.
OP hasn't updated in a while. Definitely dead.
One money will be three fifty, sir.
Actually, it's the opposite of that. It IS your fault. If you ask for something broadly you can't be surprised when you get a simple solution. That's like me walking into a fancy steak restaurant and asking for meat and they just bring me a hamburger. Simple instructions get simple solutions.
And it ain't over yet. Wait till the drive home. Wait till you get home and the wife is up your ass about something. Wait till the kids need help with their homework. Wait till you try to get a thing or two done around the house after that. Wait until you gotta go to bed and get up and do it all over tomorrow.
Must be Twilight.
Pretty sure plants ain't got noses.
He said in the US.
You have a weak flush that you happened to backdoor with weak betting in the flop and a whole street of checks against an unknown. You lose to 66, 63, K3, A3, AA, KK and a lot of better flushes. But You beat a lot of other hands like dry Aces and dry Threes and the occasional K that could get aggressive here. Villain stats show no PF aggression, ever, so it's hard to say he's slowplaying AA/KK but you'd have to think he'd have done something before the river with either hand. His little bet/right shove on the river is a very strong play and you have a weak hand you made on the river after being checked into it. As a general rule I don't like going broke in that situation, certainly not with a weak flush against a paired board. You should have just called the river rather than reopening the action. But with the shove I think this should be a fold, wait for a better spot against this villain.
He's a wiley character that one.
Completely did that for the camera, the only reason.
Don't tap the glass.
I see someone mentioned this further down. Apparently there was a limit to the number of hands they were playing so this game had the effective structure of a tournament so his fold was strictly an ICM play (more or less your explanation) which is about the only time one can correctly fold AA preflop. Given the pro's read on the guy, it was pretty clear they knew he had a big hand/decision (Laak and Williams commented on it being the only hand he'd tanked the whole session).
What do you find funny? Who are you misqouting "Cash game" too, because I didn't say it. You think it's not similar to an ICM play for a fish in a game where he's -EV vs pro's to not play a hand like AA with only 50 hands left?
Kara M. Whore is such a slutty name.
And just think how few people a human could ever hope to encounter, talk to, or know through most of our history and how slowly that capacity has changed. From ideas in books, to slow migrations of people on foot, to horseback, to railroads and ships, to radio, television, and today, the internet, a persons ability to communicate with so many more people, ideas, and cultures is truly remarkable. What will the future bring?
My question is this: What happens when/if irrefutable evidence surfaces linking Saudi Arabia to the 9/11 attacks? Does everyone turn a blind eye? Sanctions? Or some military response? What IS the proper response? Then, given the Bush WH response in the days after the attack of shuttling Saudi royals out of the US while the no-fly is still in effect, what does this mean for the Bush family and their long ties to the Saudi royalty and for Pres. Bush &amp; Co. specifically who would have been able to execute that decision to evacuate them?
That's their angle, get more fish into a game they've figured out.
[Whale you say](https://youtu.be/jJGeeryk0Eo?t=41)?
Neither, nor; Either, or. Come on people!
With androids being a thing in FO I'm a little mad they left Android out of the loop on this one.
Then when he's not home go move the bed a few inches away from the wall, problem solved. Also, may need to tighten the bolts/screws so he doesn't jerk the bed apart.
"As long as you treat them nicely"...wtf happens when we stop? Huh? WHAT!? TELL ME!!!
Either random or because of the thread yesterday about what sport could you last the longest in as an amateur. Poker was the top answer for a while.
This is exactly the reason I gave when Bass Master called me to reup my sub. Told them i stopped looking at my 3yr sub after the fortb issue because it was more than half ads. Screw magazines.
The other side of the street.
Fucking, savings.
Well, word on the street is they don't want people who are too smart. People who are too smart tend to question things, don't follow orders as well, ya know?
Great! Welcome to the game. You'll love it, you'll hate it, but stick with it, there is a LOT to learn. Ask questions around here and be willing to make mistakes and you'll do fine.
Those adirondacks are just *FABULOUS*.
puuuuurrrrrfect.
Who is that? Never heard of him.
So many angles involved taking a whiz with morning wood. Last thing I want to do when I wake up is geometry. "Now, if I bend it down at this angle, lean my body forward at this angle, then stick my hips backward at an inverse angle, I might just..nope, still pissing on the shower curtain. Damn it!"
Porntential
Hope he comes back and says canoe.
[Queue you say?](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/23/29/95/232995f0760d4b99ce453f36fef06d34.jpg)
40 minutes?
What logic do you need? Are you unfamiliar with the vast array of social services available in the US? Even without social services, she's in Chicago, there are so many cities and communities within 6-8hrs of there where you could up and leave to make a new life and leave your troubles behind. Do you not agree that there are thousands of people every day, all over the world, leaving their homes with practically nothing to find a better life? How many people cross the US/Mexico (as just one example) border for this purpose every day? Those people are in no better position than this family and manage to survive and find a better life for themselves. Is it easy, of course not, but it's definitely doable if you have the will to do so.
Never be afraid of the consequence of truth. It's better to be right than popular than it is to be popular and wrong.
Opening for 10x the big blind is bad with just about any hand. Your worse hands are going to get called almost always by better hands and your better hands are only going to win the blinds. RudolfKGB's advice is enough to get you started and last you quite a while, especially for the stakes you'll be playing for a while. Best of luck.
30 hands an hour at $1 avg tip plus some minimal hourly rate is quickly $35/hr.
I used to deal so I'll be more than happy to answer your questions: $1/hand? I'll take it all day. When I dealt I averaged ~$35/hr dealing. You get about 30hands an hour if you're fast with your game and can keep it moving, which I tried to do at all times Add to that your minimal hourly rate and you're set. Now, of course you don't get a tip every hand but there will be other hands you get more than that $1. Plus, if you're good and personable, you're likely to get another buck of so from a player or two when your time at the table is up. Plus soft hustle techniques like pushing a player a big pot and then purposely throwing them one of their chips at the end into the pile you pushed them, creating an audible and visual queue as a reminder to tip. Idiots - Fuck'm, truly. Dealers have all the power at the table in a well ran card room. If we want you gone, we can get you gone. You have to have a thick skin as a dealer. Emotions run high when money is envolved, whether you're winning or losing, especially when people are having a few drinks. The best way to handle those little quips is to ignore them, engaging those types of comments usually only escalates the situation and slows the game down. Arguing with an idiot only brings you down to their level and makes you look bad. Remember, you're on the job and have certain standards of etiquette and professionalism you should be upholding. Not playing - What do you mean, playing as a dealer? Couldn't say if that's what you mean. The casino I worked for (in Indiana) at the time did not allow dealers to play in the same casino they worked so as to not create public relations issues with the customers we relied on as a poker room and as dealers for our bread and butter, so to speak. Talk shit - Of course, a lot of dealers are players themselves and it's not uncommon to run into some of these players in home games or other venues, so having inside information is always good. But dealers will tip off other dealers to problem players or good tipping players, or someone who's had too many to drink, etc. to keep the games fun and moving and to stay ahead of problems that may arise. Poker is a game of trash talking so expect dealers to do the same. Plus, good dealers that also study the game as players can be dangerous at the table, you can develop a sense for where the action is coming from and indications of strength that can help when you play yourself. But, just like any other job, if you have an asshole that comes in, most employees are going to discuss that among themselves.
He should have started draining the lake nightly as well. That would show those hooligans!
It would likely depend on access and wether proper means to restrict that access were established by the property owner. I'm sure the laws are different in nature and verbiage but they may be similar to those that govern swimming pools. You can't just put a pool in your yard with no fence for example. Reasonable means must be taken to prevent access. Does a sign on your dock or at the waters edge of your property absolve you of liability? Is it a public or private body of water? Every marina I've been to that isn't 24/7 has a locked and secured gate at the entrance to their dock that only slip owner can access after hours, though the rest of the water line is accessible. Discussions like this remind me of the kids attacked/killed by the tiger in the zoo out in California(?) a few years back. They broke in after hours and were harassing the tiger (there was apparently security footage of them doing so) but in the end the zoo was found liable because the enclosure didn't meet some regulation in regards to wall height and the tiger was angry enough to make the attempt out of enclosure. It's likely the tiger would never have attempted to get out as it did if the kids had not been harassing it (it certainly hadn't up to that point). Bottom line is make sure you've got all your I's and T's crossed and dotted when it comes to your insurance liability for anything you may own that others may use or access else you could be in some serious trouble in the event of an unforeseen accident.
Yeah, if you get hurt committing a crime, that should be completely on your, alas, lawyers and regulations. Someone can break into your house and get hurt and you can be found liable. Nuts.
So keep drinkin that Kool-Aid.
Which is strange. Guys get all self conscious about something few people ever see (especially when average is good enough), meanwhile it's nothing compared to how self conscious women can be made to feel about breast size, something everyone around them notices everyday.
True, that would have to be terrifying, especially if you really were on the small side of average or worse. Then, you get into "shower/grower" territory. If you were already smallish and were a grower then I could see not ever wanting to take your pants off.
Short and hard, like a bodybuilding elf.
I didn't want to just come out and admit it. ...shit.
Just takes one snicker.
Is there a projected timeline of extinction of these animals (from the wild)? Are we talking our lifetime (next 50-100 years)? How long? Have we reached a point where there is no hope of real solution outside of controlled, captive populations?
They grew up with them. A lot of boomers grew up idolizing the muscle cars that came out in the 50's and 60's. The Corvettes, the Mustangs, the Camero's, etc. They wanted them as kids, either because their dad's got one, their friends had one, or they couldn't afford one and dreamed of having one. It's all nastalgia, same way 30 somethings today wax poetic about Atari and Nintendo because they grew up in the 80s. That's your basis for comparison for everything you know about that subject.
Right, which is great if your ONLY measure of success is to drive down prices and increase competition. But we're at a point where our technology should be allowing us to do both of those plus consider other things such as environmental impact and sustainability. However, deep-rooted corporations with huge, grandfathered investments in the way the world is (such as the ships and global supply chain distribution that goes along with them) have an interest in keeping things as they are so we stay a modern society still built mostly on old technologies and their infrastructure.
If by "button" you mean "clitoris", then no.
The only thing stable about his home life was the manger!
My mother left when I was about 12 or so. Father was never really around, in and out of prison and halfway houses. Around 1991 or so my brother and I went to our grandmothers house to help with yard and housework that needed doing. That turned into us staying there for a couple weeks as there was a lot to get done. Around that time our mother came over and started staying as well. My brother and I were young and had stuff to do between housework and hanging with friends to notice anything was odd. Eventually we went back over to our house to pack our things and move into our grandmothers basement apartment. Strange, but okay. Within the year they had kicked our mother out. Turns out she had developed a drug habit and was stealing jewelry. She moved a couple blocks away. Apparently she pulled the same stuff there as she eventually moved out of town to get away from the bad element she'd fallen in with. She still lives out of town. My birthday is this Friday and I just got a card from her. We text from time to time, nothing to deep. We're not real close. She cleaned up years ago. I was mad at her for a long time. She spent years trash talking our father for his antics and then pulled the same trick. I'm in my mid 30's now and understand life and it's challenges so much better than I did when I was 12 so I really can't hold it against her. She was dealt a bad hand her whole life, one that few would have done better with. Fortunately my brother and I had good grandparents who were there for us so in the end, we turned out alright.
[This one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poXvMBhjSWk)
"Well, that was exhausting, but fun. What shall we do tomorrow?" "Be kittens again?" "Okay."
I was coming to make the same joke and I don't even have a Philosophy degree. The one guy I know that does, tunes guitars and such for a living.
How about "Speech Impediment"?
When I was your age video games had one shitty joystick and button to do EVERYTHING. &lt;glaring at you Atari&gt;
I snickered at lonelyfuckcock myself.
&gt; For sure homo. Homo Sapien?
All you saw was color? Typical racist.
Hey now, we're not allowed to call people "fat" around here anymore. What are you, thickheaded?
This is OPs way of collecting 6 months of unemployment.
What do you want them to do, invent a time machine? The past is the past, let it go.
He is also in FO3.
Probably transporting goat or bull semen.
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/Four_pulleys.svg The above pic from wikipedia should help with the both answers. What it implies is that the force needed decreases the more pulleys in the system. In the second picture, each system has just one pulley so they each have the same mechanical advantage. So, both are equal. In the first link the systems have one, two, or three pulleys. Since the amount of work needed decreases as the number of pulley's increases, the correct answer would be C.
It was popular for a long, long time. Then holdem became the "it" game everyone played.
Jesus the rake. Our boat had one of those electronic tables. So bad. Everyone was a fish but the rake was just, I mean wow. High variance + high rake. After the trip, I decided the time spent playing wasn't worth all the other awesome stuff I could/should have been doing on the boat.
She's good with the dog. I tell her all the time she loves the dog more than she loves me.
How do you recommend moving a single fish from one state to another after no one else wanted it? I certainly wasn't happy with her decision but at the same time I've cleaned an eaten many fish in my time, so flushing one fish wasn't the end of the world. We had our current dog then, we didn't leave her by the side of the road. People shouldn't have opinions when they don't know all the facts yet we allow you be entitled to yours. Killing one fish does not make a person incapable of being a decent person that is kind to animals.
She totally let him control that interview.
So, the plot from Armageddon.
Once you're ready to start modding the inside of the boat, be sure to check our the forums and community over at tinboats.net More ideas and how-to's than you'll ever need.
Protection? Hard to say. Not much but surely some, it would depend largely on the size and velocity of the rogue planet. The asteroid belts are not densely packed like you see in Star Wars, there is a lot of empty space so something could slip through pretty easily. Even hitting one asteroid wouldn't really stop a planet but could deflect it from a trajectory toward Earth...or steer it on a path to actually hit us.
From outside the solar system? In the early days of the planets and moons forming, when there was a lot more stuff floating around local space, collisions where very common, its was a bunch of collisions that formed the planets after all. But most of that debree/stuff has been cleared from the inner part of the solar system so there isn't much risk of something hitting us. Though, there are objects in our solar systems on long orbits that could eventually hit us again. But in terms of what we're disgussing, rogue planets (coming from outside our solar system, I don't think we know with any certainty this has happened.
Shitty Taxi, coming this Fall to PS4 &amp; XboxOne
Strange that a movie about a comedian isn't a comedy.
tyrannosaurus rekt
&gt; Coming this fall: Survivor Supreme Sounds like a Taco Bell menu item.
Worst case you commit a little insurance fraud and sink an old boat, pay deductible, new boat. ;) Best case you CYA in an accident. It's not just you you have to look out for, lots of people out there with fast boats and alcohol. A good rule of thumb is for the frequent boater to avoid all the amateur boating holiday weekends, like labor, memorial, and the fourth.
Part of winning really is having a real bankroll to do it. $20 is not a bankroll, you will go broke. At 5nl that's only 4 Buy-Ins. A 4 Buy-In downswing is pretty common so the change of you going bust are pretty good. You need to deposit a larger amount, really $100 and playing the lowest stakes available to you (on Bovada it's 5nl). Next to that there is a list of books in the FAQ on the side bar and if you're looking for video just look on twitch and search for poker streams or search on YouTube for videos of whatever stake you're playing. Next to that, hang around here and any other poker forums that interest you and read through hand histories that come up and the discussion at hand.
And I bet you weren't even drinking Gatorade.
You make a valid point, but not everything at that time received such treatment. It's so easy to do today that nearly every similar visual is doctored in some way.
Zero. The answer to your subtraction equation is Zero.
I currently work for the post office. I would never trust them with my banking. Management up and down the company can barely manage the organization as is. Having them managing people's money could be a disaster. Besides that the post office is already seriously understaffed. They would never be able to staff or pay for a system like this.
Got Moist.
Some bald, smooth motherfucker I bet.
Or your mates sac if need be.
Dude! You just fucked that guy in his penis!
I cannot wait for the sequel!
Canadian
Bollywood too?
So ritzy.
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit, ribbit, ribbit, ribbit.
You Should not be downvoted, you are correct. The problems in the middle east are very old, but also further complicated by modern problems and global realities.
Fox News tells them they are, so they are. Don't think those people really need a solid rationale for their protesting.
Awwwww....now I want an MRI! My turn!
TBH, that sounds a lot like scuba diving.
A fine point you have there sir.
Must be a new Pilotwings?
Kept waiting for Gollum to jump out and try to take The Ring.
Obviously. Why else do you think there was this whole thing called "The French Revolution".
Damn hipster bird. Taking up smoking now that quitting is cool.
Indeed. I would say that the Civilization games didn't reinvent the wheel...but then, I'm pretty sure The Wheel is one of the first few techs in their games.
Plus, it's not like this is the first time it's happened with a dead celebrity. It happens with them all. Hell, I was in Best Buy a few days before and then again a few days after Richard Pryor passed. All his stuff they had in stock both no longer on sale (if it was) and had the price increased by around 50%.
There's a little secret you should know. Just about everything you can bet/gamble on in a casino is set up for the house to win. If you want to actually win, learn to play games against other players (poker) or get good at sports betting. House games like blackjack, slots, and all the other table games have a long-term statistical edge that you cannot beat.
That's basically it. You can beat them to some degree with deep pockets and strategic use of information you have on hand, such as card counts in Blackjack or betting strategies in Roulette, etc.
This is such an old, old joke. Found it once in an old book of dirty jokes my grandmother had from way-back-when. Always a good one.
If it was Bill Cosby in Ghost Dad, then yup.
"Though the measure has little chance of getting a committee hearing, much less passing, it is important that the citizens of the great state of Kentucky who have a vested interested in repealing marijuana reform get behind Sen. Perry and any other lawmaker who is willing to “come out of the closet” and commit to ending the war on cannabis." The important part of the story.
Psh. It's clearly NOT been half a month yet. 31 days in January baby. Talk to us again at Noon on the 16th.
There is link to a free version of their journals in the read/listen/watch list btw.
Yes, you can pick up Season 2 and start a new game there. You don't NEED to have your Season 1 data. You only need that if you want your decisions to carry over to Season 2.
I don't see why it would. It will be a bit different because you won't have the decisions you made but if it's been long enough and you don't remember them all, it doesn't really matter. Pick it up cheap on Steam, play it. You'll be fine.
This is just begging for a faceswap.
Yeah, he's been dead for a long, long time.
I love Remote Control Cola!
Taxi Medallions in NYC were going for as high as a million dollars at one point. There are a bunch of cab drivers who are underwater now. They don't make enough in fares to pay for the payment on their medallion. It was a good system until recently. Those cabbies didn't know this change was coming and now they (and their families) are left holding the bag.
And now the fares aren't enough to cover the payments on those loans. Running your own taxi IS running your own business.
Is that not the point of revisionist history, to wash out the bad and highlight the good? What would make a person do this? Political authority, financial gain (if they are am author for example), rewrite ones own past deeds or those of your forebears.
I don't see it mentioned but Upton Sinclair's" The Jungle" is worth a read. Talks about immigrant life in the meatpacking industry in, if I recall, Chicago.
Hey man, castles made of sand wash into the sea, eventually.
Wait, Fred Savage? O, dam!
I'm simply stating what's been common knowledge about Hollywood and the film/awards industry for years. It's nothing new.
It's even really grainy like 8-bit Kung Fu for NES!
What about "The Plantagenets" by Dan Jones? While I'm unsure would consider this a scholarly source, I suspect you could start there and work backwards from the sources Jones used. It's a popular work of late that I see in every bookstore I visit and often comes up on Amazon.
The Captain of the ship, who rather than organize his crew and save passengers fled the ship leaving everything in chaos leading to the death of passengers. I believe he is now in prison. They just found the last body sometimes last year iirc.
Clicked. Saw artwork. Thought it looked like AWildSketchAppeared's work. Checked username, checked out. NOICE!
Crowvon Martin
Winner, winner, chicken...nugget.
And they would have. They weren't disposable and there wouldn't have been a thorough way to clean them. Ugh.
My experience? I've never had a problem and I've been a customer for 15 years. When my sewer was clogged with tree roots not two feet outside my property line they were here the next day to dig up the yard and fix it at no cost to me.
Which is the way, as I understand, in many states regarding these types of laws. He's effectively trying a long-shot here and probably going to argue hard in is favor. This case covers two current hot-button issues. That of recording a person (which is coming up in everything from drones to cellphones) to UBER and the legality of that. I suspect he's attempting to use these issues, their contentiousness, and to some degree, their relative newness on the legal landscape, to at least try to get a judgement in his favor. I doubt it will work.
Get off your box buddy. I'm talking about accountability not putting people in jail for no reason. Is there any other candidate talking this, no.
Are you paying it online or sending a check? Have they told you why your payment was returned or have you asked your bank what they see on their end?
Where can I find these pancakes?
It's been nearly 800 years since the fall of Baghdad. I'd say it's about time.
Why does the stories sexual orientation matter?
I see those Twilight games all over Goodwills when I go in. Surprised to hear they're so good. The movies were awful.
Technically true. Now she's my wife.
The Dad Bod Squad
Oh, the Khans were definately good at what they did. I was talking more about the expanse of empire. While not everywhere was sparely settled, a lot of areas of the steppe were empty. All that vast open space makes for a large empire from a purely size of territory standpoint. The Eastern Empires were an Eastern barrier to expansion because they were often able to hold the Romans off militarily else they would have been part of the empire.
DA-YUM-BO-EE
He wasn't a successful rancher. True, he owned a ranch, but he sunk upwards of half his inheritance into his cattle ranch and then lost most of his herd in a blizzard.
We had class on Sept 11th 2001 even. I remember sitting in Kubrics Ancient Greece course after the towers had already collapsed.
What about car lanes? Got anymore of them?
My point is that even AFTER the attacks had started and the towers had fallen we still had class. No move by anyone to think they should maybe keep people out of a public area (like a university), something in a Post-9/11 world we do nearly at the drop of a hat.
There you go, I knew I had to be spelling it wrong. He was my second favorite history professor at UofL. He was a tough old bird, very no-nonsense kinda guy but man did he know his stuff. No clue if he still teaches. Going back soon to finish my history degree, I'm sure the whole department is nearly changed since I was last there probably 10 years ago.
The wind storm, as I recall, was the remnants of a hurricane that blew in from the gulf. What made that wind storm so bad was the terrible ice storm we had just a few months before. The ice storm killed lots of trees/branches that were very willing to break under the power of the windstorm. I remember seeing large piles (20' tall and 40' deep) running along sections of the highway along Fort Knox coming off 65 (Joe Prather?). Weather was crazy that year.
So no funny business. Got it boss.
I'm thinking a kayak would be better suited for the ocean than a rowboat with just a couple (or even a single) person.
Poisonous dogs sound frightening.
I feel like we need before, after baby, and 10 months pics to really know just how much progress was made.
-Frances Scott Key
That's so crushing to think about. If she's gonna be the bottom one or two in brains I hope she can make up for it in other ways. Like maybe she's great at carpentry.
Not if you make sure that android has a working Zeroeth Law of Robotics.
Just get a copy from your local library.
Dude. Reply to a four week old post?
Mesmerized by reposts, eh OP?
And now we've replaced the gamepad with....another joystick.
This sounds like a great story if you hear it in Aziz Ansari's voice.
Not only battery life but avoiding accidents like [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twilight_Zone_accident) from happening again has been a big deal in film/television-helicopter history. The risk involved in having a pilot fly a helicopter around like in the link are just extraordinary. Accidents do happen and it will be better to have a drone, even if it's heavy, crash and likely kill no one or at worst injure them or at worst kill or injure a handful of people. A helicopter on the other hand will most likely seriously injure the crew, if not kill some or all of them, then the added risk of crashing into a track car, crowd, or other work/race crews. The other upsides to a drones are cheaper buy-in and maintenance costs, electricity (cheaper and safer) over liquid fuel, lower operating costs (pilot/crew), and the ability to run multiple feeds, in that you're more likely to provide multiple drones vs multiple helicopters (due to all the above) thus providing a better video experience for viewers and better data for team analysis.
Perhaps, but those gorilla haven't been spliced with frog DNA and I'm pretty sure it's the frog DNA that makes them trainable.
Door to door security system just sounds like your casing the neighborhood for easy targets. Even if you don't have a system, always say you do.
Clowning around is no laughing matter.
Drop her off at local police station and text her mom with her location
A stand alone....with a sequel in the works.
I too did not read it, seen the movie 2.5 times. I want to like it, it really has potential buy I feel thry tried to fit too much into it. And that nearly last scene of Brad Pitt walking in slow motion was really an over the top way to end it. With a global backdrop the film really came off as little more than a "might whitey" tale. Hopefully the sequel better lives up to it's potential.
Winged spiders probably took the photo.
It's Chet from the movie Weird Science. After they turn him into a toad of course.
Wise Man Say: Most people go college good fucky-fucky, most get bad fucky-fucky.
Size doesn't matter!
Like when the police coax handicapped school kids into buying drugs for them and then arresting them, as if those poor kids have any idea what's going on. They just want a friend.
It will also have another year or two for inflation, population growth, and more theatres and more seats. VIII will do better than VII on those grounds alone.
70lb dry, probably 100+ once they hit the beach and it's soaked through. Legs tired from finding your footing underwater, fighting the current every step of the way. All while watching the water around you &lt;plunk&gt; as enemy rounds get closer and closer to target.
Crazy to think how old he looked when he first came on the scene a decade ago and even then he was only early 30s. Some people live hard lives. 42 is young if you take care of yourself, it's old of you don't.
It sounds like you just need encouragement as much as anything. You know why you're in this spot (off work for 5 months) but you've got a job with decent pay and recognize you're starting to dig yourself out. Clearly you know it's not a situation that corrects itself overnight. If you're limited in what debts you can pay off, at least make your minimums and then put everything else to whatever has the highest interest rate. This is more a /r/relationships situation going forward however. You're 24, and while I understand your taking care of your sister, and that she has some problems with depression and anxiety, if they are so bad she can't function on her own then look into making her a ward of the state, else you'll spend your whole life taking care of her and your story today will be your story forever. Plus her boyfriend has moved in with you? I don't know the circumstances there but if she's not working and he's not working, what is he doing living with you? He's not your family, just your sisters boyfriend, not even her husband. I feel in some part you're being taking advantage of and allowing yourself to be taken advantage. What is this situation 3 months from now, what about 6? Are they staying with you forever? Until they get their own jobs and place? What kind of time table have you discussed for that happening? As of now it sounds like you're just barely starting to get back on your feet while at the same time taking care of (food, rent, utilities, etc) two other young, but legal, adults who should be doing more to take care of themselves. That is more the root of your problem, at least your more serious long-term problem. Part of fixing your financial reality is making adjustments in your living situation.
Wo*man*
Is this not a pretty clear cut case where even if they shot him, so what? He's disobeying direct orders and taking active swings at the police all while there appears to be a sizable crowd. This man is clearly an active threat that tazing has shown to be ineffective. We're not talking about some "no-knock raid" or a lone black man gunned down by three cops when no one else is around. And, yeah, the guy probably has a mental illness, to some degree, and/or on drugs, which is certainly not a reason to kill someone but this mans actions today shows he is a clear threat to those around him. It's a tragedy, of course, but if officers in this situation in the states made a decision to use their fire arms I don't think too many people would fault them given what we see here.
He CAN be, hence why I expressed caution and having a plan going forward about their arrangement. More often than not this type of situation is going to end poorly. His sister sounds unstable, but is in a relationship. Money is a known household-wide source of stress. They aren't married, it takes nothing at this point for them to have a falling out which would again wreck OPs whole dynamic. Just needs to be aware of possibilities and be prepared for when/if they happen. When you're trying to dig yourself out of a financial hole, it's just as important to have good plans and contingencies, as it is to actually pay your debts. That way you maintain as much control as possible as circumstances change around you.
They shoved their job off on you in my opinion. They should be finding the best place for them to get it done. They damaged it, they're paying for it, they're fixing it, why are YOU the one getting THEIR quotes? Making the most out of this situation would be making sure they do their job and not have you do any of it. If they need several quotes then they should be obtaining them. It's a little alarming that they have a "corporate payout system" but don't already have a bodyshop they work with. Something doesn't sound right there. Once this is all resolved I would recommend never going back to this shop.
If your product is always on sale then it's not really on sale, that's just its price.
It was were a ruler would often keep their important documents, like any deeds of the peasantry, accounts paperwork, strategic agreements with other rulers as well as things like wealth or any other important item. For centuries these things were kept in the bed chambers of European rulers and nobility further making the bedroom, in many cases, the most important room of the house.
Midwest Represent!
Of course it does, but this is Reddit at large not askhistorians so basic assumptions have to be made and generalizations utilized. Anyone more interested in such a topic should do themselves a service and do some reading on their own. No single internet comment can grasp the sheer immensity of anything. :)
It's definitely a wonky fact as clearly the Eastern Roman Empire/Byzantine Empire continued on, with standing armies, well after the "fall of Rome", which itself means a number of different things and has been pegged to a wide range of years and events.
Some claim a reason WWI happened in the first place was in part to gobble up the remains of the Ottoman Empire which was clearly dying. The Allied plans during the war were to carve up the empire, which ultimately happened. Tough for WWI not to break out if this is the case, and if so, meant that the Ottoman Empire was doomed either way. They would fall to either internal division or external conquest.
Yeah, not every English major is going to write the next great American novel.
Yeah, I stopped a semester and a half shy of finishing my BA in History because I came to understand just how abysmal the market for history degrees actually was. You pretty much go into teaching or writing (with wildly mixed results) or pursue higher degree paths and research. The first two were not appealing while the third meant more schooling and more loans to basically do the first two jobs in the long run.
It's exactly these kind of people these practices are meant to target, you know, those with the least means to do anything about it.
Clearly bullshit as electricity and light bulbs weren't available in the middle ages. Plus that would make you how old?
Peanuts haven't been available to all people through all time. Evolutionary trends takes many, many generations to manifest; global access to peanuts is a very recent occurrence on an evolutionary timescale. There is no possible way for such an allergy to have bred itself out of the gene pool in so short a time period.
That's a perfectly viable strategy. I do it all the time with stuff I check out from the library. Order it through their website to be delivered to my nearest location and then let it sit there until I happen to be that direction. They hold stuff for a couple weeks so I've plenty of time.
Hoooot pocket.
This guy blows.
Not saying "over" as in a fraction. But I see how it could be taken that way.
Why Is everyone cutting the noodles these days?
That works if there's money to be had. Most likely the original financing source said no more money and no one else wanted to step up. If the local or even overall economy in Russia at the time was doing poorly then it's very likely credit dried up, given the state of their economy the last five or six years it really wouldn't surprise me if there was simply no more money for this project from anyway.
&gt; I'm no saint, either Clearly. See: Sex before marriage.
I only tell these kind of stories about five years after the fact.
Potentially provocative!
If you don't want to sit on orders then pay for Prime. But if you're already got access to Prime for any viewing or occasional shipping then there's little reason to pay for a second Prime. We basically share our Netflix with our familys Prime acct. We get Prime shipping often enough when we really need it but there's little on Amazon that we need need need such that we need to Prime everything (not that Prime is an option for everything anyway), so why pay an extra hundred bucks?
Shoots video vertical, pistol horizontal.
Why would it be illegal? Can a reason be illegal?
Paul Blart 7: Beyond Shart
It's all medieval serfdom and peasant games in the land of Mary these days.
So, we made them have sex so now they like us. Saweeet
Why also disgusting? Parasites man. Wet feet and mud for extended period of time is a great way to pick up parasites in your feet. Some of them can be quite nasty.
The last day of orientation for Ford they showed our whole group of 300 people the grizzly photos of deglovings, hands caught in machines, and open wounds from sheet metal.
Or the guards break off and people are all "meh" no biggie or they take the guards off so they can get better positioning. The closest I get to an angle grinder these days is my little oscillating tool.
It was even toward the end of the day too.
I hope you are no longer close. I will forever remember how upset hearing this makes me.
Isn't it though. "He removed his gloves from his hands." Means something for less macabre than: "His hands were degloved."
&gt; Institutional volience by muslim is far worse You going to need to explain that. How? Regarding the incident at hand we're clearly talking about the United States, so you're claiming that the LGTB community has had far more to fear from Muslims than Evangelicals? Again, how? Muslims aren't throwing LGBTs off roofs here or stoning them. You can't widen the scope of the argument just to prove some thin point, it's irrational.
No, I've said one sudden act of violence by Muslims is no worse than decades long violence and discrimination at the hands of evangelicals in this country. Muslims vs LGBT was barely even an issue in this country but suddenly in light of this attack it's suddenly all "Oh no, the Muslims in this country have long been at war with the LGBT community, which is thinly true at best, and has not even been a part of any discussion from terrorism to equal rights.
I did not say that Christians who have a problem with gays shoot them. It's absurd that suddenly today the narrative is the LGBT community and the Muslim community have always been at war and that the Muslim community has been their greatest threat all along, that's the message being put forth now and it's wrong and detracts from the real problems LGBTs face in our country. It's a rewrite of the narrative. How can you think that one Muslim killing 50 gay people is worse than decades long institutional attacks across social, political, and economic terms using everything from legislative to physical force? you think that suddenly goes away? This attack was on Americans, to change the narrative to be some next level in some LGBT/Muslim conflict is everyone.
You just called their shows comedy, that's funny. [APPLAUSE] [LAUGHTER]
Just because Seinfeld and Friends were good and executed well doesn't mean most of what's on TV today that's considered comedy is actually funny.
OMG! Google anything Fallout 4 related (like looking up info about in-game stuff) and any link that's not a wiki of some sort takes you to a game journalism site that will be "These 10 Fallout Tips will blah blah blah" and It's first page "Tip 1: Don't forget to use spend your perk points when you level up!" Next Page "Tip 2: You can find one of your companions, Dogmeat, just outside the starting area." Just really stupid, obvious stuff ya know? And I know it's not just Fallout, it's a lot of the internet as a whole, but this is just my most recent example.
Not only not failing but a better cutting disc will be an easier time on a weak HF tool.
Jokes on you I don't have a pocket.
Shit, and here I am getting married today. Damn.
Is this irony?
It's never sarcasm when pewter is involved.
Or a missed opportunity, depending on its disposition.
I visited Lafayette County in Kentucky, I'll call that close enough.
Bestonium?
You say betrayal like they owe you anything. They don't.
Same thing. But yeah, I've seen it several ways.
Come to Dubrovnik. We have best rock and roll.
I didn't know this was a sub, should've figured. Thought this was going to be justneckbeardthings.
We'll, they are fucking ferrets after all. We can't have them out there fucking away willy-nilly .
Yes, with archeological evidence to support the general story, which is why I'm surprise that not only is someone claiming it to be fiction but that I'm being downvoted for saying so.
Pale, red hair, green shirt.
Not hard to imagine considering he himself likely travels all over the world. Might be nice to have access to money in the places you go or near the places you go.
Not woosh, it's absurd people are getting upset with actors over the Panama Papers. Go after the real money and people behind the system that allows such practices to occur. Why get all venomous and pouty over the distribution of all the money you know an actor is making anyway. Their millions are chump change.
Alzan, King of the Marshland Habitat
Sounds like a domesticated house chicken I know.
So, is this how we get SKYNET?
How do you know this isn't how we got here?
What, Buffy was a movie long before it was a tv show.
Jared thought of the children.
Then a scout leader comes and knocks it over.....for safety.
"There's no crying in baseball!"
But we're probably apathetic BECAUSE the process is so long, and ongoing. We're always ending one campaign season and gearing up for the next one. A couple decades of that, plus the negativity, maybe your candidates don't win, or you don't like policy direction and it's really no wonder turn out is so low.
16% of the people made the decision to make him governor. How messed up is that.
If they want to continue to caption, and maintain, marketshare and viewership then they have to diversify their proprietary offerings to a wider audience, they're smart people at Netflix, they know this. It's good for everyone.
Or a middle-aged Harry Potter.
Probably so, is it mostly ceremonial? I can't imagine a board giving more than casual attention to a rotating student member.
I rather enjoyed the one with the kick. What didn't you like? The inclusion of the kick itself or the just the sword technique of that display?
Is most of Africa and the Middle East left out because they would have to start filling in what many start to consider child-sex? Is there not a lot of 12-13-14 yr old marriage/sex in many of these regions?
Why? Because she's THE Democrat. There is a whole wing of the Democratic electorate that's been waiting 8yrs to vote for her (since she first lost to Obama). 8yrs ago it was practically written that the White House was going to go Obama, Obama, Clinton, Clinton, and now it appears to be working out that way. There's been an air of inevitability all this time. She's riding that to victory by keeping her mouth shut as long as she can, holding things off just a few more weeks or months. It's been 8 years of waiting and planning, why spoil the goose now? Sanders was a serious wrench in her plans but she shut up even harder and went dark, continued to ride "her" wave. Plus, few things scream "I'm a Democrat" more than, "I voted in the first black president and I voted in the first woman", that's a liberal voters wet dream. Further, don't think that just because we're Democrats doesn't mean we aren't as ignorant as how the Republicans. For a lot of Democrats Sanders is simply too real at the wrong time. The biggest fail of the entire Dem campaign was O'Malley dropping out. O'Malley should have stayed in and forced the debates. If Sanders and O'Malley had both agreed to any debates then Hillary could not have afforded to not show up. O'Malley staying in this race would have been a real game changer.
Weather forecasting is quite likely the most important of the whole list. Our entire population eats, which means agriculture, which means knowledge of the weather and seasons. Knowing these has only meant our survival for how many thousands of years.
I live in Louisville, Ky. Just a couple days ago I was thinking how interesting it would be to grab my rifle, leaving any and all ammo at home (probably leave the bolt out as well) and just spend the next few hours either walking around or riding the local bus lines. You see, while concealed carry is a big deal and seems to be all anyone talks about, you can still just straight up open carry. Wonder how long it would take before I was approached by a do-gooder citizen with an agenda or until someone called the police. Edit: Said it would be interesting folks, not that I was going to do such a thing.
This is more weight loss than wardrobe, but if you want to chalk you success at looking better up to a clothing forum while undermining your dietary success, hey, go for it.
Balls on the brain?
At best, you make a modeling/acting career out of it. At worst you end up a stripper with a kid and a drug habit. At average you're going to get noticed by a lot of men and you'll have your pick of the litter, if she's smart. Want a doctor? Get a doctor. Want a lawyer, get a lawyer. Then some will land pro athletes or movie stars. But, WHY do they do it? Mostly because their parents put them into the programs when they were younger. Some want to, some don't. Just like young boys and sports. They keep going because at some point the benefits and potential benefits are greater than their desire to quit.
The Roosevelt's always remind me of the Gracchi brothers of Rome's 2nd Century BC.
The big benefit to cannabis legalization, or at least decriminalization, will be the reallocation of resources on the prosecutorial and enforcement ends of the industry. The resources freed up on those ends alone are significant, that's the true direct benefit to the public, better utilization of tax dollars. Even that though, will take time. None of this will happen over night.
Jack-Jack!
"For quantities over an ounce, contact us" Like duh. We(ed) have to contact you for anything less than an ounce as well. But this just screams police.
That'll be $15, sir.
Gary just married my wife and I last Monday, so a week ago. He's a fun dude. I can PM you his phone number if you'd like. The Bullett County courthouse gave us his contact info when all the judges were out last week.
Out of the norm here, which is why it stood out when I saw it. I found it searching for shelving of all things, "shelf" hit as a keyword. I had some searches for a camper myself at one point, then just teardrops, then I was gonna build my own, and then I said, "okay dude, too many projects" . Usually limited offerings on CL or silly overpriced or really run down.
And by generally getting you drunk so you never taste anything beyond the first round.
Is that because of all the cannonball fire from pirates?
Or still chewing.
Wait, he stopped ordering twice a week because you quit? What a weirdo.
I too have seen "Running Man".
I don't know, inflation plus a bad turn in the market could put him right in the poor house. Edit: Goddamn you people are dumb. Downvotes because you miss clear sarcasm. You really think someone could believe a person could lose $1.5Billion in a lifetime due to a bad turn in the market and inflation? lol
It wasn't back when mounts first cost that much. 10k gold used to be a lot.
Plus, I can't recall his name atm, but that national news anchor lost his career over similar lies. So you can be POTUS with lies like that but nit a tv news anchor?
Something something peeing in the shower saves something something gallons of something per something.
I don't think the average American even knows what average American means.
When you're already the worst, what is your goal? "Hey guys, can we see about getting to at least second worst?" That's really not much better.
I believe Laughing Derby still has one.
This explains the French being DLC, and thus secondary to the game, how? They make one decision based on historical accuracy but not all? Makes it a thin defense wherever used.
Pulling out is the Protestant way.
Pointing out a glaring hole in your argument doesn't add to the discussion? Right.
It's not like they joined the EU last week. Current propoganda wouldn't have been successful if there wasn't at least a background of similar sentiment behind the scenes. This decision didn't happen in a recent vacuum. Brexit is as much a result of past circumstances as anything else.
That's also the goal of individuals as well as nations and societies. Why should corporations get special treatment in this regard? Special treatment of one group generally means a disadvantage for another(s).
There Is still a lot of ground to uncover, in both cities, as the article states. It's unclear if these remains are from the eruption or those of looters or people returning to retrieve possessions(though not likely). The city had mostly been evacuated by the time of the eruption. There would have been either earthquakes or rumblings that would have signaled a coming eruption, giving most a time to leave. Mary Beard has a good book on the city and it's excavation.
Come on, you know underwater pingpong should be everywhere too.
Always been a big fan of Day After Tomorrow for my natural disaster flick. It's fun, decently acted, nothing real corny or over-the-top, and relevant to the current climate crisis.
Thanks for the layup. :)
Yeah, if the data is important, be it a resume, your taxes, or baby photos and you have just one copy and it gets lost by any meams that's on you. Not the pc tech, not the copy center person, and not the people who made you device (when it ultimately fails) but on the owner for not having a backup. Between hdd, flash drives, cds, dvds, and cloud, there is no reason for anyone to ever lose important data.
You're spot on all the way, completely agree.
"Hitler was a bro, you know, aside from that whole genocide thing. And being a bastard. But other than that man, he was just so chill." That kind of thing?
2012/2013 was a hard drive shortage due to flooding in Thailand, where most hard drives were made at the time. This would have lead to more bad drives shipping just to meet demand, so I'm not surprised you had several fail in that period.
So what, be unthankful? Why should someone not be thankful to have a job, if that job is a good one and provides for ones family and reasonable quality of life? Is this board a bit brash, sure, but we don't know what's been going on at this place, we don't even know it was done by the company and not by a disgruntled employee who didn't get something they felt they deserved. Ten years ago I guess I would have looked at this and been just as snarky, as this post is intended, but now, seeing how hard the job market can be, how elusive success and happiness can be, and knowing that even a slightly better opportunity is better than no opportunity at all. Employees should feel appreciated, but shouldn't respect and appreciation in the employee/employer relationship be mutual? Maybe this is a terrible company, maybe it's a misguided attempt to explain to an ungrateful workforce that they maybe should show some gratitude, or as I said, maybe it's a snarky employee taking an opportunity to get a dig in at the company they hate but won't quit. Bottom line, if you have a job, you should be thankful that you have it. Many people don't.
So happy...TOGETHER!
So cool.
Now It's what, a daily $3 six inch?
It's absolutely a sensationalist argument, one meant to highlight just how ridiculous your thinking of a horse and buggy ride as being animal abuse is. This is exactly an absurd PETA argument, right in line with yours.
