A lot of people including me had this until I uninstalled HTC's Vive software (not SteamVR). I haven't had any problems since then.
If you didn't follow the link on the included one sheet instructions that tell you to go to HTC's website then you didn't install it. The second likely culprit is if you're using 2.4GHz wifi rather than 5Ghz that's been causing problems for some people as well. If that's the case and your router allows it, change to 5GHz signal.
I absolutely love sniper games and enjoy using sniper rifles in regular shooters that have them. What's up with almost all of the VR shooters using zombies or robots as targets. Are they all afraid to make this too realistic? Hover Junkers showed us that we can be shooting other human targets and it's not automatically a tragic experience just because it's in VR. I'd love a bit more realism in this game. I'm not asking for Sniper Elite bullet cam with exploding organs but target variety besides robots and zombies would be appreciated.
I can't in any way believe they would change $200 for them... they HAVE to try to undercut the Vive I think. I'm calling it now, it'll be $149. Yes they won't be making much money on the two controllers + camera at that price but that's my guess.
Define "perfectly fine". Can the camera track it 20 feet away? Lighthouse can and does for me daily. If by "fine" you mean to the range of about 8-9 feet then yes... past that and it seems not so much.
If I had to pick just one it'd have to be Hover Junkers. Amazing experience, I play a couple of rounds daily and can't wait to go back to it every time. Honorable mentions to SPT, Holopoint, Out of Ammo, Holoball, Audioshield.
Yes... Xbox didn't decide to change their name for the second gen, just went with a weird number to match PS3. Even Windows with their bizzaro number convention never changed from "Windows". The second gen of HTC's PC VR HMD will be called Vive something.
I think so but I'll let others with a similar space chime in. I think if you pick a smaller ship you ought to be fine. With some smaller ships I think you just need the ability to turn around in 360 degrees to be good to go. Even though I have a very large room, I prefer a medium size ship and really only make a step in each direction from the center. I've tried the larger ships and feel they're more of a liability than an asset because they're a LOT more open and leave you defenseless. With a smaller/medium ship you can have cover all around you.
Nope, they cover over 5m x 5m empty space before the pool table. They're already 7m apart. Including the pool table really wouldn't be an option as I'd have to place them over 15m apart.
Try Hover Junkers. I imagine you'll quickly change your mind.
Wonder how weird this is... I think I'd have more of a problem shooting a deer that's just peacefully drinking from a brook than an enemy soldier who is hunting for me and would shoot me if he sees me before I see him. Never been hunting but somehow I don't think I'd want to try it in VR either.
Hmm my 980 barely does medium, even there I feel some frames are dropping here and there. Granted I'm on an old i7-2600k and Win 7. Everything stock but even going to High drops it to 45 FPS for me.
They're very different to me. Brookhaven is about carefully lined up head shots. Usually over 80% of my shots are head shots. I love that feeling. HordeZ is more just aiming in very general head direction and unloading tons of ammo. I prefer the shooting in Brookhaven by a long shot but enjoy HordeZ for silly arcadey feel here and there.
I've never had a zombie closer than 10 feet to me and I've played it multiple times so it never got scary. You need to keep hitting head shots.
[Here for one](http://www.geek.com/games/valve-confirms-half-life-3-will-not-be-a-virtual-reality-game-1635064/)
Yes, remove parts HC1 and HC3 but not HC2.
WHOA! Thanks!!! Never occurred to me, I can't wait to try!
Thanks, hopefully I wont' forget to try this tonight!
Stupid question but you obviously tried restarting PC and/or SteamVR?
Who do you think put in this Matrix in the first place!
Yeah what surprised me is the number of scientists that seem convinced that it's extremely unlikely that we are NOT living in a computer game.
He could've done precisely what they've done HUNDREDS of times when asked about HL3, say that they won't make comments about it. They've done this again and again. This is one of very few instances where they very directly answer "No". The question is repeated later in the Q&amp;A and AGAIN he says "I said, no". It's about as clear cut as you can possibly make it.
Uhm what does that have to do with anything? On the very first try of the new patch I beat my old score by quite a bit. The game is made EASIER, not harder. It's just that I don't care to just whack at dozens of fruit that are constantly in the air, the game lost all appeal to me now. Have you actually tried it?
The ghost ball disappeared when I turned off ghost ball option, didn't seem like aim assist one did anything with it to me, no?
Well you don't know, perhaps you're programmed to win!
Well if they didn't do such a crappy job making movies you wouldn't be disappointed. Yes I'm looking at you Peter Jackson! How could you so royally mess up The Hobbit after a surprisingly good job with LoTR?!
Meh, I think if you're not a fan of space stuff in general, IE is neat but doesn't blow your mind in the same way the Turtle Encounter does in theBlu.
Well that and he just added way too much stuff that wasn't in the books. Not a fan.
Yes it is, you have to mount a bracket on the back of the motherboard.
I've been very happy with the Strix 980 over the last year... that being said I'm ready to pick up any 1080 I can get my hands on
Uhm that's what I do every time I charge them which is every 3 days or so. I do this daily to my phone heh.
Not at all, that one gives you the same exact patterns until you beat them, tried it a few times and don't care for it. I want to play the same game I played two days ago in both Survival and Time Trial modes. I'd love to revert back to prior version and then never receive updates for this game again.
That's why you include two OPTIONS. Precisely what Spell Fighter VR did and it works great. If you want teleportation - here you go. If you want thumbstick movement - here you go. What's the problem with that?
If you don't want to use voice commands to cast spells you don't have to. I just use gesture to cast, never bothered installing voice attack or whatever it's called.
Ah thanks! Yes I made it to the giant skeleton and even with the skull he promptly dispatched me, I haven't gone back since. Thanks!
Ah, if the regular grips give you pain then modding it makes a lot of sense. I have no issues with the regular grips so I guess I'll stick with it (especially since I don't have any grip tape laying around).
I'll gladly jump on this if the price is right. I've been waiting for something very much along these lines. Visuals look great. Any word on when "Soom(tm" is? The trailer just says 2016 which is a rather broad range.
That's definitely my main concern. The game is cool and all but I know myself, if I just continuously lose it'll be relegated to "neat but never used" category and I'll keep firing up Hover Junkers or Cloudlands when I want multiplayer.
Tough question... I'm hoping $10-15...
I played two rounds so far against Level 1 AI... it disagrees =( Seems to translate very well as I am generally good at video games hehe. I had the ghost ball turned off so perhaps I'll play with that on to learn the ropes first.
That'd be fine, I'll never turn down more options. Don't intend to boot this sucker back up until the old mode is back in some way though, became dull in the first 30 seconds for me =(
Yep Hover Junkers is the only one I've seen so far I think. You can take your pick at male, female, or robot =)
That's pretty crazy for a VR-exclusive. Hopefully that bodes well for being able to find multiplayer opponents. The more money we make for the VR devs the more they'll be inclined to keep making VR games. Jump on the pool bandwagon ladies and gentlemen! (That last phrase reminds me of being in Dota 2 TI3 audience when the announcer said "Welcome back ladies and gentlemen! Oh who am I kidding, welcome back gentlemen")
It's on by default but in certain multiplayer games you need to turn it on separately.
I've got 1 with Vive in hand already and another building a PC for it
What will kill the industry faster than you can blink is if developers cannot at least break even making VR games. How hard is that to comprehend? If I lose money working on something, I ain't gonna keep doing it long term. They'll go back to making games with installed base in the millions. They HAVE TO charge more than your traditional flat games per hour of content simply due to teeny tiny installed base. You can have games that cost $15... they're going to be similar to Holopoint, SPT, etc. Short quick repetitive games. Those are fun, I have plenty. If that's all you want then don't buy Starseed. If you want games with POLISH then support the only developer that's doing it now.
There's a great chance there won't be "all the episodes" if enough support isn't provided. This is the ONLY developer pushing the limits of what a polished VR game looks like besides Valve who is obviously in a category by itself.
Perhaps they should all move to Africa and develop games for you?
I had that issue but a complete computer reboot let me proceed. Have you tried that?
That sounds rather annoying
Would you recommend it if I am a giant mutated rodent? I do have ears!
I ate them already *looks down in shame*
I've seen that twice in the last 200+ encounters. People often get down to the ground but then they're not shooting, they're just cowering in fear for a while for some reason.
What a bunch of nonsense. Does that mean that high quality things shouldn't exist? Should steakhouses where a MEAL cost $120 not be around? Should hotels that cost $200 or more per night not be around because if you look at it solely from "hours spent" view then you can "spend the same 8 hour night" in a Motel 6 for $29?!?! I am perfectly willing to spend $120 on four episodes of this game. It'll either cost what it costs to make or it won't exist. I MOST CERTAINLY would prefer high quality content exists and I'll pay what it costs to make. I hope there are enough people like me that will get VR to the mainstream at which point prices will come down. If not then it'll never get past tiny games.
Uhm that's three EXCELLENT Vive games. Fantastic I'd say, all 3 of those. I have no idea what your expectations are or what you consider a good game but your opinion immediately has been invalidated for me.
What games might those be? I've got over 40 VR games and Hover Junkers is BY FAR AND AWAY my most played game. I play it every single session... even when I have so many games I haven't played yet, I just can't turn down a quick 15 minutes in Hover Junkers. Nothing is nearly as satisfying as this game when you pull off awesome headshots.
Then you have no complaint! You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start.
You can do if it separate sessions. You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start
I get what you're saying. I think it's completely wrong. For VR to become mainstream prices have to come down, yes that's true. The only way they come down is if enough people buy. Early adopters pay more than mainstream buyers ALWAYS. Why this surprises you is the strange part. As an early adopter you're paying premium on both hardware and software. You paid $800 for hardware that will eventually cost MUCH less. Why are you surprised that you need to pay premium for high quality product that will eventually cost less as well.
Yes but I don't have the endurance to go 45+ waves in a single go =) I can make it 1-30 but then need a break.
Yeah they tend to keep things in beta for a few weeks... I've never had issues with beta and if some crash does occur you can always roll it back to regular version. On the Steam boards the dev is very active and updates things and squashes bugs in the dev version for a while before it gets pushed to regular game. I think it's on 3.0.4 already.
Heck, I have a pool table 5 feet from my Vive area... It's nice to a) always be able to find a game online or b) play against AI with 20 different skill levels at any time you'd like.
I'd say it's the best Vive game to get you moving which is a good first step in getting fitter. I'd suggest getting a leather VR cover if you tend to sweat much, Holopoint will make you do that a LOT.
Once you get to Wave 5 you'll be able to start next playthrough at Wave 5, same with 10, 15 etc. If you're having issues getting to Wave 10, there's no reason to start at Wave 10 as it really does get progressively harder and harder (thankfully!).
it gets easier with practice especially when you realize the cubes are just shooting for your head and you don't need to move away all that much for them to pass by and not hit you. So it's a lot of small head movements with a step here and there. Once you get good at lining up shots it's not too hard to go wave 1 to 30.
It's remarkably close to the real thing. You're holding the controller so it feels like you've got the stick. Not putting your left hand on the table is the stranger part but somehow it clicks pretty easily too.
I bought both... in all honestly, I couldn't tell the difference AT ALL. I haven't put them side by side to test if there's really a 0.5" difference as someone mentioned here but from having both on my Vive I would've sworn they're exactly the same except for color and one says "wii" on the little buckle.
Sweet! It's awesome how responsive VR developers are... good luck getting a change through to a big studio. Great to hear I'll be able to enjoy the game again.
Newsflash! Not everyone lives in Eastern Europe... I know, shocking shocking discovery.
I must admit, I've done this 2 or 3 times myself... I think that was in the first couple of days of my Vive experience. Haven't done it in over a month =)
Too much grinding in this MMO... I want the gold dup hack!
Sorry, not at all =( I've showed the game to over 40 folks, none of them had any issues with it either. What graphics card are you running?
I think you have seriously misjudged this game. At least for me, time and time again, I see a VR game trailer on youtube and it looks "meh". When I try the same game in VR, it's a completely and totally different thing. Yes, I enjoyed the Lab's archery game, it had a lot going for it. However... Holopoint is WAY WAY WAY better. Even if the Lab had 50 more levels, I would've taken Holopoint every time. You risk absolutely nothing by trying it. Play it for less than 2 hours and if you don't love it, you make 5 clicks and automatically get your $8 back. Why not see if you're missing out on a GREAT experience? If anything, over 250 reviews with 96% positive rating should tell you something, no? Anyway, the targets are cubes yes, just like Lab's targets are crude humanoid shapes. The holographic samurais, ninjas, bosses, crows in Holopoint are all at least as good if not better. With Lab's Longbow, you just stand there and shoot. With Holopoint, it becomes a dance of death as you have to shoot while dodging projectiles that cubes shoot at you when they break. When those samurais get to you, it's an amazing experience. But again, you risk nothing by trying it.
Majority of monitor games will give motion sickness to a decent portion of people in VR. The VR revolution only started a month ago, let's see where the early adopter numbers are by the end of the year. Especially after PSVR comes.
Well... answer is two fold: For me, magic hasn't warn off one bit. Still playing every chance I can get after about a month and a half. I have over 40 VR games/demos and haven't had a chance to even try them all as I keep going back to several favorites time and time again. I haven't touched a regular game since I got this thing. My story might be a bit different in that I don't have much time for gaming so I only play a couple of hours a day tops. On the other hand, if I had to save to buy this thing, I might consider waiting for second gen. I love it and all but it's not a necessity at all.
Glad to hear it. Yes, in Steam you can get an automatic refund if you request it when you've played the game for less than 2 hours and you've owned it for less than 14 days. I've used the option several times on titles I wasn't quite sure about and ended up refunding. Here's a google [link on how to do it](https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6695-QIKM-7966). You can do it within Steam as well, you click I believe Account, go to your Purchase History and click on the title. I'm willing to bet you won't be giving Holopoint back, ping me and let me know if I'm right after you try it =)
Yes, Lab's feedback is certainly better, I'd love to see that in Holopoint. Once you get to higher waves you won't have time to even notice as you'll be frantically shooting in all directions =)
That is odd... You have gotten to Wave 30 before, right?
Ah yes, you unlock waves as you go... Gotta get to wave 30 before you can play it (same with any other one really)
Agreed. Predicting a very bright future for Stress Level Zero (Hover Junkers) and Cloudhead (The Gallery) studios.
Huh... I am pretty shocked at the results. Really rather surprised that less than half a percent have 4m x 4m or bigger. It's time to get those beds that fold up and dedicate a room to this stuff. Who needs reality when you have a Vive?! (I guess 99.5% of the people do huh).
I concur... I've got over 5m x 5m and I really feel constrained quite often. Would love to have more. I could get rid of the pool table and I'd have about 6m x 10m but I don't think lighthouse is ready for that. If gen 2 can handle that much room I'm dumping the pool table and using Pool Nation VR.
Wait you can go down to the basement? I tried but didn't seem like I could teleport to the stairs and it looked just dark down below.
A friend of mine is playing it on an i5 and stock gtx 680 while he waits for 1070s to come out. Oddly enough there's a ton of frame drops in the menus but in the game itself he's smooth sailing vast majority of the time. We were both shocked. He's playing on medium too which is the same as my i7 2600k, gtx 980 is pushing. Granted I get to judder in the menus but still.
If say if you plan on upgrading its definitely worth getting... If you're not then I'm not sure.
Great to hear! Can't wait to get a chance to try it out. Awesome to see Devs so quickly responding to feedback and make adjustments.
Good call!
I've had exactly zero issues in over 20 hours of Hover Junkers. I can't believe how much I love this game... the more I play the more I want to play it. Damnit I wish I was headshotting people in Hover Junkers right NOW.
If you're not into multiplayer shooters then of course it's not a game for you. It's like asking someone who doesn't care about multiplayer shooters whether CS:GO is a good game... or asking someone who dislikes RPGs whether Witcher is good. For those that DO like multiplayer shooters, I can't recommend this game enough.
It is the DP cable. Had same issue until I switched to HMDI for the Vive to PC and bought an DP to HDMI cable for the TV.
You clearly haven't given it enough time to learn... the arrow goes EXACTLY where I want it to go as I'm shooting small moving targets in Waves 50+ as I am moving and shooting target after target within split seconds. Yes, it's not a game where you stand, draw to your ear and slowly aim. It's an action packed dance of death once you progress far enough and I LOVE it.
I think the number of people that don't own a Rift who'd pay for stuff on Oculus Home if they don't change their official position on Vive support is SO SUPER TINY that this topic is really quite useless.
I won't say you're a rebel but I'll voice the unpopular opinion (hello downvotes) that you and everyone who made the same choice is pretty directly supporting the concept of bringing console-style exclusivity to PC gaming. Not a fan...
It's all been discussed to death. If you don't want PC to have console-style exclusives, yes you should be upset. If Oculus wanted to limit the titles they funded to be only sold on their stores like they always implied, no problem there. Makes perfect sense, they want to recoup money for their investment. That's not what they're doing, they're treating these peripherals as separate from the PC and very artificially putting in limits on what can be played on them. It's just as disgusting as if Dell or Asus funded games that could only be played on their monitors. This has no business being on the PC.
If Oculus would reverse their stance on hardware exclusivity, I'd likely get a Rift for the sit down experiences (though honestly with amount of time I get to play I already have a huge backlog of VR titles) but I can't get over the feeling that I'd be supporting attempted destruction of PC's freedom if I give any money to Oculus so it's a no go.
Oh I agree, so far, it's no big deal... if they are successful in this, I think it'll be first step in a very slippery slope that leads to a very bad place for PC gaming. I want to know that I can play any PC game on my computer so long as my hardware is capable of running it. It's always has been the case in the past and I want that to continue. If there are 4 or 5 HMD manufacturers I think we'd all be better off if we can buy ONE HMD, not five.
Did you use your waterproof cover over regular foam? I couldn't get it to fit well, seemed like my waterproof cover is just a tad too small. When I used it, really felt the reduction in FOV so I never bothered putting it on. Bought this with express desire to put the waterproof cover over it and hopefully still have decent FOV and waterproof protection. After a 2 hours Hover Junkers run yesterday my foam was a disgusting mess.
Don't hold your breath... I wish it happened but I know it won't.
aaaaand my computer could run it? Sure, in a heart beat.
Yeah that was my guess as well... I haven't gone back to Longbow after I beat it on first try. Cute and fun but utterly unchallenging. Holopoint and I, we dance a lot.
I'm sorry I don't feel like typing an essay on my phone but there's just so much wrong with the above... Steam is hurting indies, innovation, and the gaming industry? I'm sorry you immediately lost all credibility to me with one sentence. Steam is the best thing that ever happened to indies and PC gaming. They bring you a GIGANTIC audience. Without Steam you're free to sell on your website but very few people will ever hear of your product. Countless other Devs have chimed in how easy it is to sell on Steam and deal with Valve so I'll take their word over yours. Especially when compared to Oculus. I personally have no interest in seated gameplay as I've done it for 30 years, sit all day at work and in decent shape to play standing for as long as I have the time. That doesn't mean that others aren't interested in buying those games, they are. I don't want to see PC turn into console wars and will not support any dev that pushes exclusive software. I've got a much bigger gamelog than time so no point in me supporting crap I disagree with.
Yes I think Oculus funded some of the costs... aaaand if they decided to recoup them by locking the game to their STORE, almost nobody would've had a problem with it. They decided to artificially lock it to their HMD, not their store, that's precisely why so many of us aren't going to support either Oculus or devs that help them.
Sorry, here they are: [VR Waterproof Cover](https://vrcover.com/product/htc-vive-pre-vr-cover-waterproof-for-exhibitions-sport/) and [VR Foam](http://vrfoam.com) Again, for people that are good at crafts, making your own VR foam is likely preferable. For people who are either not good at making stuff (like me) or those that don't want to bother, I am pleased with what they provided.
Were you using just VR foam or with VR cover on top? Just the foam was definitely a no go for me as well. With the cover my comfort level is just about the same as the stock foam plus a small improvement in FOV and clarity but the main benefit of keeping my sweat out of the original foam is huge. I don't sweat much and can play most games for over an hour before I start sweating but Hover Junkers and Holopoint (and to a smaller degree Audioshield) turn my stock foam yucky pretty fast.
Well it's not just VAT... you do realize they have to pay different income tax rates depending on where you are as well yes?
What? Have you tried the Longbow in the Lab where the haptics make it truly feel like you're pulling a bowstring? Or sword and shield in Vanishing Realms where you can whack one against the other and it feels like you're really doing it? The haptics are as far from "just standard rumbling" as a Porsche and Toyota Corolla are both "just standard cars".
Haptics are extremely good. There are games that really make it feel like you're pulling a bowstring and the further you pull the harder the pull feels, it's stunning.
Almost all of them. It's not an income tax on goods. It's an income tax that companies need to pay on their earnings. The company has to pay income taxes and those rates vary based on where the sales takes place.
Well the reason I picked the card is it's specifically mentioned by Steam support as THE card they've tested for people with USB issues...
If we're talking super small, yes I think so. It spent all of 5 minutes without the leather cover =) I tested to make sure it wasn't very comfy for me and slapped that leather cover over so for my purposes the cut not being perfect isn't a big deal. I'd call it almost well done. Certainly 10 times better than the cut on my sleep mask mod =)
Negative, I only had a DK1.
Agreed, I can't imagine the cost is more than a buck or two. The cost to ME to go to a store and spend an hour on this is already over $20 though... not to mention I know I'd end up with a crappy product as can be seen from my butchered sleep mask =)
Ah totally went over my head lol
How do you know it's Ireland? Do you know if HTC is using an Irish patent box structure? Companies that like to use Ireland need to first establish that their Irish affiliate owns the intellectual property (as in research for the product was done in Ireland). It's not as simple as you seem to think it is.
It's quite simple really. HTC wants to make a certain amount of after tax cash per Vive. They evaluate the costs of doing business in each country (how much the VAT/sales tax, income tax, shipping costs, currency exchange rates etc are for each country). The price is largely set mainly by those things. It's not just VAT that goes into the equation.
In all honesty the quality seems good but not great. I tried to pull the two layers apart and they seem like they're attached quite well. The cut is again decent but not perfect. To me, $20 is a cost of a meal so I didn't really think twice above it but I realize that varries by person. I'm not sure what it is about this cover and sleep mask that makes the Vive rest on my fairly small nose :). My wife can use it without the VR cover and it doesn't bother her nose. Somehow the Vive fit seems quite different depending on the person's head. The foam is really very dense so I wouldn't call it too comfy, to me definitely less than the stock foam by itself and not sure if it'll be more comfy that thick cloth, it's pretty hard :)
Sir, I'd like to sell you this bridge I have... A great deal, just for you!
No worries, friend, I disagree with just about everything you said as well. What do you say to a friendly duel? We set up a private 1-1 match and see whose methods prepares them better :) PM me if you accept.
Didn't watch the video... The lab has cuteness and better tension with haptics to me. Everything else - including the FAR FAR more important part which is gameplay is light years ahead in Holopoint IMHO. I played the Longbow exactly once. I beat it on first try and there was no desire to go back. The game provided no challenge. Holopoint is a great light cardio especially when you're past Wave 30 and you have to dodge, duck, rapid fire at moving targets as you're battling projectiles, samurais, ninjas, bosses, birds etc. The minor quibble about difference in shooting is nothing compared to difference in gameplay to me and though I love Valve, Longbow severely lacks challenge or replay value to me while Holopoint has both in spades.
Yeah at some point I intend to check it out but unless somehow the unlimited waves are SIGNIFICANTLY more difficult, I just don't see the point... Sure it's better than ending at five minutes and I might play it if there was no alternative but that's not the case. Holopoint makes me feel like a badass ninja slayer. The Lab makes me go "oh wow look, they really nailed the string tension, I can't wait to see what can happen when this is in real games"
Uhm both of that is Holopoint... In the Lab you can miss again and again and again and again and eventually hit and still get through all the waves. That won't fly in Holopoint once you get far enough, you'll be overrun quickly if you can't place accurate AND quick shots, especially in waves 30-60.
Well I think for a lot of people the first thought is "if this is what they're putting as a tutorial meant to impress people, the rest probably looks much worse". The surprise that the rest of the content looks quite a bit better isn't worth blowing the first impression.
Will try it if it doesn't involve installing Oculus Home software. No interest otherwise.
Hum VR games by and large have a super small price. Especially when the size of the target audience is considered they have an unbelievably small price.
Completely different game. I'm glad Longbow exists for free but this comment makes about as much sense as "Why would you buy Battlefield? Buy Quake Arena"
When's the last time you tried thumbstick locomotion in Spell Fighter? The reason I ask is I tried it when I first got my Vive and couldn't last more than a couple of minutes tops. I then tried it a few weeks ago after having my Vive for 3+ weeks and can now handle it perfectly fine. I liked Zgame's locomotion but my guess is you might've built up your VR legs now and don't realize it perhaps? The locomotion here isn't that different, it's still quite artificial. You and I can play it fine but I wouldn't be surprised if people that haven't gotten their VR legs yet won't care for this.
Downloaded it this morning and played for about 15 minutes before work. The first impression is VERY positive. The game is very atmospheric and quite beautiful. It's a joy to be able to walk around a Vive game and not be limited to small area/total on the rail. I'm eagerly awaiting getting back home to play more tonight. Quite a steal at less than $7 too!
Evil newegg... the EVGA card I want shows as in stock, I can put it in the cart and when I check out they take it out and say it's not possible to deliver it to me for some unknown reason. I go back to the store and still says in stock... I keep going around and around trying this. =( TAKE MY MONEY!!!!
Just do a demo of the tutorial. As more things are added to the game, add them to the tutorial and when the game is finished, do a demo of that. The trailer for OOA didn't impress me but I tried it anyway but I could've walked away if there were a lot of other options there. Now there are quite a few more games out there and an easy way to get yourself some believers is to let them try the tutorial. That alone will sell a bunch of copies. Minecraft graphics scare quite a few folks off but its amazing how easy they are to get used to when you're in VR.
Frankly Zenblade looks quite a bit better. Halfbrick took a bit too long and might be surprised to find that most people that wanted to slice up fruit are already doing so.
I found that a decent amount of people just don't talk (or don't know they need to hold down the grip buttons to talk). Generally the people that play the game a lot (and are good at it) talk very often. People that do poorly (and I assume don't play much) don't respond a lot. I know my mic works perfectly fine but sometimes I try to chat with folks and get no response. Other times we chat non-stop.
Strange. I can't quite see what the perceived difference is between thumbstick locomotion and the zgame's point and slowly walk there method? Is it that Spell Fighter is faster movement?
Space Pirate Trainer, Holopoint, Holoball, Out of Ammo, Audioshield. For fans of multiplayer shooters: Hover Junkers.
Funny, I only have maybe an hour in the Lab, tops. I enjoyed going through every experience there, once. I show it to people here an there but it holds no replay value for me whatsoever. Pains me to say that about a Valve game.
It kind of us... when someone says "hello guys how are you" and it's silence and I KNOW everyone's got a built in mic... meh, not a fan. Almost might as well be playing against bots. Having a nice chat while shooting each other is a lot of fun imho.
I've seen that, especially in the last week and my latency is usually around 50ms.
I don't think there's much of a host advantage if any.
Define dominate? I've yet to meet a player that was using nothing but a shotgun and be effective in the least. Granted, I don't think they should be either... Shotgun is great for destroying cover and good at destroying ships. I've found it rather bad at destroying pilots. I enjoy nothing more than finding a shotgun or better yet a double shotgun player, they're generally the ones that have the least chance of killing me.
Well with exclusives they might've very well meant what they said earlier - they meant for these to be Oculus Store exclusives rather than Rift exclusives. However when HTC/Valve showed their hand, Oculus realized that they have pretty much nothing to compete with so they decided to use exclusives as a competitive edge. I have no basis for this guess it but seems to make a lot of sense.
Considering Pool Nation VR made it to Steam's overall top 10 sellers, has stellar reviews and tons and tons of posts about how much people love it - Out of my 5 attempts to play multiplayer, 3 times there were no people at all and twice I had to start a multiplayer game and wait for someone to show up for a while. It appears finding people in Vive MP games other than Hover Junkers is rather hard right now. Similar experience with Cloudlands Minigolf. Luckily with Hover Junkers I've never had to wait yet.
Tried it last night... for me, it still doesn't hold a candle to Holopoint. Why would I want to stand still when I can dance my dance of death?
Do you have HTC's Vive software installed (not SteamVR)? If so, try uninstalling it. I had pretty bad lag until I got rid of that thing.
I've had a wide range of reactions. Some screams, one person nearly ran into a wall and I have solid 5x5m+ area. One saw a single zombie and said no way, I don't want to do this and quickly took off the headset. I've also had a few people relatively calmly go for headshots.
I did nothing and was conversing very well with two people in separate pool nation matches.
Read your post and read your last sentence. You come across PRECISELY what you said there. It is a peripheral and nothing more. It's not a console, it won't run without a beefy PC. Revive has shown us all that making games compatible between these systems is not as hard as Oculus wants to say it is. I want PC gaming to stay open like it always has, I want to know that if I know a game is coming to PC and my hardware can run it (and it always can as my PC is always near top of the line) then I want to have the option to buy the game. Consumers lose out in this, it may or may not be good for Facebook but it sure as hell is not good for consumers to have split communities in the PC market.
Uhm... Most HJ maps have hills and getting the higher ground in an engagement is a very valuable strategy quite often actually...
Don't suppose you got this on YouTube somewhere? Can't watch the link :( Thanks!
I don't doubt it... Military will just use the Hover Junkers global leaderboards to recruit. Ok I'm mostly kidding about the last part but in the future I could totally see that actually happening in a few years when most people have these. It'll be a rather cheap way to find the best of the best for real warfare.
Yeah I had a similar experience in H3VR - I turned Uzi sideways so the ejector slot was on top and fired off the entire mag. All the shells went up in the air and as they were coming down I caught a few on the Uzi and was bouncing them on it. I literally sat down on the floor in amazement.
I guess I have to do it... HL3 confirmed?
The last sentence is the problem. I have over 5m x 5m and I think it'd get pretty annoying pretty fast, especially in a game where you walk as much as Fallout. However, according to the Steam data, less than half of one percent has more than 4m x 4m... I don't think walkabout is really too plausible for way too many people. How many people want to take 3-4 steps, turn around, take 3-4 steps etc?
A lot of people develop resistance over time. I started out not being able to do anything but teleportation when I first got the Vive. Playing Hover Junkers (which was uncomfortable for the first few days) got me to be fine with it now though.
Yes and no... I don't want more HMDs that are just supporting controllers. I'd rather not have a situation where a giant portion of VR users are using xbox controllers and thus a large portion of development is going into that subpar control scheme. I'd rather see every HMD with hand tracked controllers similar to Vivemotes/Touch.
Certainly not happening for me with the Vive either. My 60 inch TV is in full view of one of the lighthouses, tracking is working fine with it uncovered.
I don't think they're trying to counter Oculus... they'd like to sell games to Oculus users. If Valve wanted to win this "systems war" they could've won it in one day by saying "Steam will not support Oculus Rift". Boom. How many Rift users would jump ship if it meant choosing between Oculus Home and Steam rather than getting to use both?
I imagine we'll get two locomotion options (or maybe more?) that will include teleportation and traditional thumbstick movement. Have your pick. Hopefully teleportation will have a cooldown in combat at least so you don't port in, blast with a shotgun and port back out.
Only if games are developed with that in mind I assume?
Yeeeeees, I've been waiting for this bad boy from youtube videos for quite some time. Very very excited to try this,
I want to echo the call for traditional thumbstick locomotion option. Certainly understand if teleportation is the default but an option to use thumbstick for those who have developed their VR legs would be awesome. Thanks for your hard work!
I recommend Spell Fighter VR. Has both locomotion methods and might get some ideas for inventory as well =)
What? I heard a few complaints that were drowned by OMG THIS IS AWESOME NEWS from far FAR more people. But in the mean time, we're going to complain about complainers?
I've only demoed traditional locomotion to about 12 folks. Most of those hardcore gamers. Two had no issues at all, one got used to it pretty quick. The others couldn't do it but they didn't have much time or desire to build up a resistance either since they were just getting to use the Vive for a couple of hours each. I personally couldn't handle it when I started with the Vive and can now so it is certainly something that at least a percentage of people can develop a resistance to.
However, what we don't know is the percentage of people that will bother with USB extender cables and move the second camera somewhere behind them. Are there a decent chunk of those people on reddit? Yeah... Will even 50% of Rift users do that? I HIGHLY doubt it. I think vast majority will set it up with two cameras on their desk, just like Oculus will tell them to do. Will Bethesda publish this on Oculus Home or even include the Rift badge on Steam Store if they believe the game won't be playable for half of the Rift users? Maybe but I wouldn't be shocked if they don't.
For my liking its way WAY too thick. It's two layers of leather added to the padding which just butchers FOV. I used it for 10 minutes with the stock foam and just didn't care for what it did to the field of view. That being said, I am using it with very thin foam (VR Foam but you can use sleep mask mod or make thin foam yourself) with great results. Others haven't cared for the same setup though so it all seems to be about your personal preferences.
In my experience people who have no issues at all from the start are minority though certainly exist (my best friend had zero issues immediately). Many others can develop VR legs through small continued exposure. It's a bit hard to say what percentage of people can never get used to trackpad movement. Quite a few seem to not want to try and will quickly abandon trying to play any games with trackpad only locomotion. For me personally, Hover Junkers was a great game to build up my resistance as it's movement is much less nauseating than a lot of regular locomotion games due to all the non-moving cover in your field of view.
I don't doubt for a minute that they're working on spectator modes for VR for both Dota 2 and CSGO. I really think it's just a question of when, not if.
I think you're thinking like a PC gamer... not a typical single-console buyer who is really interested in plug and play and simplicity. It's hard to argue that Rift is simpler to deal with and with the shared (shitty per Palmer) controller scheme, it's probably fairly safe to say they're going with the Rift.
The good news is zombies are not actually in your room! ( trying to help you man up =) )
Hover Junkers is spectacular. From my 47 Vive titles, it's by far and away the best. I keep wanting to play other games but it's hard to find the time because I'm having a blast with Hover Junkers. The playerbase is certainly small when compared to regular FPS games but there are always people playing at any time whenever I try to find games. I've very rarely had to wait more than a few seconds to get into a game.
Fallout VR support for the Rift
Ha, I'm one of the few that's pretty happy with mine it appears. Well to be fair, by itself it wasn't comfortable at all. I'm using it with VRCover's leather cover and together they're exactly what I was hoping for - slimmer than original foam to increase FOV, about as comfortable, and water err sweat-proof.
I can't see how zGame's movement is any less VR sickness inducing than Spell Fighter's trackpad (or any other traditional movement)... the only difference I see is that zGame's movement is very slow. Is that's what's making it easier for folks to stomach? I've trained my VR legs and now both zGame and Spell Fighter feel about the same to me but I keep seeing the comment that people that can't do traditional controller movement are ok with zGame's movement. What gives?
Of course... it would be an extremely idiotic move to announce this is coming to the Vive, not even mention the Rift and use a controller scheme that doesn't come with the Vive. Not to mention they're already showing off early prototypes and of course, they're using the Vive controllers.
Link to the actual prototype? We don't get to try those =) Link to an article about journalists playing them? [Sure, here you go](http://uploadvr.com/fallout-4-htc-vive-hands-on-preview/) This is Fallout 4 only. Doom sounds like it won't be the full game but rather a "Doom experience", we don't know what that means yet.
Yeah I didn't realize the name "Rift" meant they intend to create a rift between PC VR fans.
Wait, SH is a controller game, not a Touch one? If so that makes this decision amazingly simple, they can keep it.
Have you seen the size of Facebook's cash reserves? They can keep buying games and buying games and buying games for years just to drive up the market share to where Vive will be forced out. Assholes.
Not for a LONG time. If we estimate current Vive population at 100k. Let's assume ALL of those buy your $20 game (which will NEVER happen, you'll never even get half of the people to buy a game). That's 2 mil which is a rounding error for Facebook. They can throw 50 mil to shut down the Vive and not blink an eye I'd guess.
That's not even close to reality... go through Oculus forms. Vast majority say they buy games on Steam when they're available on Steam and Oculus Home (smartly because a lot of them realize their next headset might not be a Rift). Not to mention that Steam has WAAAAY more VR content already that Home does and that'll only grow.
I think they will... a lot of companies are seeing HUGE potential in VR to be the best big medium. In order to secure a giant slice of the future, I bet they're willing to throw quite a bit of cash on it now to stifle competition and gobble up market share.
Quite the opposite... I seek out games that require some exertion (Holopoint, Hover Junkers, Audioshield etc).
No, anger is certainly not misplaced... frankly I'm pretty upset with: 1) Oculus for bringing a one-sided console style systems war and splintering the PC VR fan base. 2) Game developers that take Oculus money to bring forth the exclusivity which long term can have rather bad side effects to the PC gaming. 3) People that purchase Rifts as they're the ones enabling Facebook. Each sale is yet another vote for "I'm fine with what you're doing, Oculus". The main way to NOT have exclusives on PC is to NOT support these practices financially.
They should've taken that because the "timed" exclusivity is certainly losing them a TON of sales PERMANENTLY.
Brilliant... the irony is pretty stunning. It'll really be something if they screwed over the Vive community by creating a product with a free Vive dev kit. But but but without Oculus' funding, this game wouldn't have existed, right?
I know all I need to know to go full pitchfork =)
Oh I crouch a TON in both SPT and Holopoint, well and Hover Junkers too.
Sorry friend... "I don't like consoles or console game exclusivity, but my preferences don't affect the economic realities that console manufacturers face, so I just stick to an open platform and move on with my life. Exclusives are a natural consequence of very real differences in console hardware and complaining would accomplish nothing." - YOU and others who buy the Rift are pushing console style nonsense to the open PC platform. YOU are just as much of a problem as Facebook is. If people that are purchasing Rifts voted with their wallets and refused to support this, PC gaming would've been in a much better shape.
Deal
Shield used?
Oh I saw it... That's why I'm pointing out that on one hand you say you want the open PC platform, on the other you're supporting the attempted destruction of this open platform by buying a Rift.
It looks neat but somehow I'm guessing finding multiplayer matches is hard and will only get harder.
I think you quite underestimate how pissed off people are about this.
Look at Facebook's balance sheet. Yes they can very easily keep trying to suffocate the Vive. They can lose money for many many years. Oh and they are not going to stop doing it unless there's a very serious revolt by the Rift users but while some are upset most of these disgraces to the PC gamer name are excited about this shit and are eating it up.
Valve was happy for Oculus to be the face of VR because they were supporting Oculus and were helping them build the Rift. They didn't have a crystal ball to see that Facebook will throw money at Oculus and make them competitors.
Yes both Valve and HTC are funding devs. [Here you go](http://www.roadtovr.com/valves-chet-faliszek-on-htc-vive-pre-content-showcase-surprises-and-ninja-cats/). We don't know who these devs are because Valve/HTC are not asking for exclusivity in return. Here's the relevant part: "We want VR to succeed, that’s super important for us. But more important than that is, that we want to make sure that developers don’t get burned. We’re trying to do everything we can for them. We’re [Valve] funding development as well, I know HTC is as well. You couldn’t guess who we are as we don’t think they should be exclusive to our hardware."
I don't give a tiny rat's ass about developers that are actively trying to ruin the openness of the PC platform. I'm perfectly fine with never playing their games and them going out of business. Plenty of other fish in the sea. I'll gladly support the ones who are embracing the open nature of the system. My 47 VR games back up that claim.
Again, boycott is quiet, they don't know what they're missing. A ton of refunds get the message loud and clear. It still costs them nothing, costs Valve nothing. The only thing it does is sends the message in a very clear way.
While there SHOULD be a difference between asking tough but fair questions and pissing them off, in reality, I doubt that difference exists. I think all the so called "journalists" are either a) too afraid to ask and risk damaging their relationship or b) don't care about PC platform's openness or a combination of the two.
Definitely not if they make it first exclusive to Home. That's precisely the point.
Thanks, sent a message on their website.
Sadly, no, it's not safe to say that... it certainly should be imho but it's not. As you can see from Oculus subreddit and the fact that they still have a giant preorder backup line, quite a few PC gamers are eating this up and are fine with what Oculus is doing.
If you don't boycott the timed exclusives, the message you're sending is "I'm perfectly fine with this, please do this again with your next game". I'm not fine with this, no buy from me.
What good would Valve's statement to reaffirm their openness do exactly? Who doubts their stance on openness? If someone does, why?
I would guess it's likely quite more than the game will earn in the free market.
Sure, I've got nothing at all against the Rift itself. I might've bought one for the desk PC upstairs but certainly will not support what they're trying to do to the PC platform.
Alright sir, I had doubts that there'll be enough players in Battle Dome but your stance on this whole thing certainly deserves at least a look, I'll buy tonight.
heh yeah oddly enough I agree. I'll buy a timed-exclusive that came from PSVR if the game is interesting. I won't buy a PC to PC exclusive, really don't care to see that become the norm.
[Pepperidge Farm remembers](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/4gfpjk/palmer_luckey_on_twitter_i_prefer_production_that/d2hkzd3?context=3)
Step 1) Drink more Koolaid Step 2) Prepare to purchase every PC HMD that comes out so you can play PC exclusive games on your 8 separate HMDs Step 3) Get your head examined Step 4) ??? Step 5) Profit!!
Not so sure... I don't intend to touch anything the Devs that sell out produce. I already have a freaking backlog of Vive titles, I'm not starved for content. It appears quite a few share the same mindset. I think these guys very seriously shot themselves in the foot.
Sir, step away from the bag with the dollar sign on it. Slowly, no sudden moves! This would be the first game I would be REALLY pissed off if Facebook bought. Relieve my fears and release the early access already ;)
I think that's the key feature I'm missing - I don't like to feel scared. Too bad, I'd love to support game devs but buying a game I *know* I won't play is a step too far.
You wish Valve/HTC gave devs money to help out? Your wish has been granted. [Here you go](http://www.roadtovr.com/valves-chet-faliszek-on-htc-vive-pre-content-showcase-surprises-and-ninja-cats/) "We want VR to succeed, that’s super important for us. But more important than that is, that we want to make sure that developers don’t get burned. We’re trying to do everything we can for them. We’re [Valve] funding development as well, I know HTC is as well. You couldn’t guess who we are as we don’t think they should be exclusive to our hardware." They're giving developers money, we don't know which ones because they're not tying exclusivity strings to them.
We all understand why they took the money. We just don't care to support this crap on the PC platform. The studio got their payday from Facebook, they won't see a dime from me. It'd be even more ironic if they built the game with a free Valve provided dev kit.
Uhm they're putting somewhere between six and eighteen months of development into this thing. Yeah I fully expect to pay separate $60 for this.
How many people are generally on in the evenings EST and mornings EST?
So far damage is pretty low but I think most people are upset with the principle of the thing rather than specific games they wanted. The only one I know of that was confirmed Vive and now is sounding like a timed exclusive is Giant Cop. Meh, was never interested in it but again, I don't care to see this trend. Kingspray hasn't been confirmed but the radio silence sounds like an announcement about Oculus exclusivity is coming. Killing Floor, not sure if this was ever announced for Vive. That's the only ones I know of.
So far I've seen them poach two games that frankly I never intended to buy... I do have 47 games and FAR more content than time with 20+ more games on my wishlist.
Well the picture is mostly clear to me and I get no ill effects from playing. I measured my IPD and it's supposed to be 63. I've played with my daughter's setting when I forgot to adjust it (lowest possible) as well as 68 from a friend that I forgot to adjust as well and felt no difference. I certainly don't want to move the lenses further as that would reduce FOV. I generally just set it to either 62.8 or 63.2 and go with that. But thanks for the suggestions!
Clearly he's not pulling the strings and making business decisions then... I'm sure he's very well aware of what the company he's working for is doing.
Sorry, Small... it appears I often disagree with about 90% of your posts. I'm having seriously GREAT fun with games like SPT, Holopoint, Holoball, Final Approach, Hover Junkers, HordeZ, Audioshield, Budget Cuts (can't wait for full thing), H3VR, Brookhaven (can't wait for full thing), Out of Ammo, Zenblade, The Gallery and others that I can't think of off the top of my head. I'm having WAY more fun with these than with 95% of MANY AAA titles I've played in the last decade. I've become so utterly bored with traditional games... In the last few years I barely finish more than a third of them as I simply grow way too bored with most of today's games, they're all the freakin' same. So, no, I don't think anywhere NEAR 90% of Steam's VR games are shovelware. Sure, some are, that's why I have less than 1 in 5 of the currently available games and that's still nearly 50 titles in my VR library. I have far more content than I have time. That might be different story if I was a student with a ton of free time.
They're funding games already... should they be there to counter even Facebook offer with more millions? That's negotiating with terrorists situation there.
They need games exclusive to their STORE, yeah, I get that. They're making them exclusive to their HMD, that's the problem.
I'll give it a shot tonight =) It'll be hard to find time for this and my Hover Junkers addiction though I fear.
Let's not start with censorship... don't care to see this place turn into another Oculus subreddit. People are upset, rightfully so. In a couple of days it'll die down.
Microsoft didn't have serious alternatives for a while and got too big to fail. Precisely what Oculus is trying to accomplish now but there's already a better alternative out at the same time.
I think Oculus is thinking long term, they're willing to lose out money from Vive users short term in order to capture more HMD market share with exclusive games. Whether it works or not is a question... sadly I think with the Facebook's budget they'll be able to buy a rather significant part of the market with an inferior offering.
They'll be going up against Google in that area soon enough. Until mobiles have enough power to give my Vive like experience, I don't care what happens in that market.
Agreed sir. I'm sure soon enough we'll see countless posts about people being blown away by the upcoming early access of Raw Data, I'm excited to see The Nest (LOVE sniping games), Brookhaven full game is coming up soon, we're supposed to see more about the dinosaur game that looked stunning shortly, Left-Hand Path is coming next week, Solus Project keeps improving controls. Lots of great stuff on the horizon!
Welcome friend! I don't doubt you'll love your Vive. Luckily you won't have to wait long for it :)
That's not true at all... AT ALL. Mine are 7m apart and track perfectly well even when I'm standing with my back to one of them so the controllers are being tracked only by the one 7m away.
Obviously haven't tried myself but I know this game has multiple levels of zoom. Perhaps that helps?
I get a message every once in a while in SteamVR saying base stations are too far apart, I hit dismiss and don't see it again for days. Tracks beautifully.
Ah solid well thought out and well reasoned post. Thanks!
No, nothing at all. I know if worked for both me and my friend perfectly well at 7 and slightly over 7m.
Yes and no. I agree, there's nothing wrong with the hardware (albeit it's inferior for my use case of full 360 roomscale in a 5m x 5m). However, every Rift sold is a message to Oculus condoning their policies. They're clearly not interested in maximizing their software store sales (or they wouldn't have worked hard to defeat Revive), they're only after hardware market share with their policies and you buying the Rift helps them accomplish exactly what they want with these policies.
Uhm... if they were shipping 50k per month, that was us, pre-orders who have followed this crap for years in many cases. Now that preorders are caught up I imagine the pace will slow down a LOT. Yes, we're showing this to new people, people will see this in Microsoft/Gamestop/Micro Center etc but I can't imagine the pace won't slow down very significantly.
Altspace just needs to change the hold/drop items to be a toggle rather than holding of the grip buttons. Same for Spell Fighter.
That's a comment I've seen several times. People with large hands have complained that the controllers really cramped their hands because the entire hand has to fit inside the half moon. Lesson of the day is everyone at Oculus is buying small shoes... etc etc.
And now put the camera in one corner of the 5m x 5m room (same as mine), go into the opposite corner... how's the tracking? FC's video seems to show that at about 8-9 feet the tracking breaks down.
Well the beauty of it is - if you have room for roomscale, great, enjoy those games. If you don't, you can still play your seated/standing games on the Vive too.
I can see why that's good for Oculus. How is it good for US as consumers, I don't see... at all. Wouldn't we be better off if we had to only get ONE PC HMD to get ALL PC games?
I haven't seen any changes since he added teleporting mechanic... I wish this was an early access title with a dedicated dev, I'd gladly throw money at it, FANTASTIC experience if it was polished and expanded.
Both Sony and Microsoft's gaming divisions ran losses for years and years. Facebook can sustain Oculus' losses for a LONG time. Everyone expects losses for a while and even if in five years Oculus isn't profitable, the sheer size of Facebook will make those losses rounding errors on the Facebook's P&amp;L.
I disagree... yes, gameplay is king for sure but you have no idea how many people load up the page, see the trailer and click away. They'll never find out about the gameplay if the graphics aren't updated.
I think you're exactly right... a bump in the graphics will go a LONG way in getting people to actually give the game a shot. The gameplay might already be there but too many won't bother to find out if the graphics aren't given a face lift.
After two months with the Vive, never once did I think "man these controllers aren't comfortable to hold" or "these things are too large". It's just such a non-issue for me at least. I think a lot of the times these guys will try to split hairs. Now playing games designed for a 360 degree experience, something that I bet majority of Rift users won't bother to try to setup is a pretty damn big factor for me.
I completely do not see the point... I'll take the cord over a PC on my back any day of the week. Especially when I have to stay within the room anyway. Not sure what these things are for...
At 2:10, he turns sideways, the left camera should still have the view, he's no turned directly away from both cameras with his body in front of the controllers. We don't see what happens on the screen at 3:30.
I don't think so... it makes a ton of sense so long as you don't give a crap about the PC user base and they clearly don't. They're not trying to maximize the cash flow at this point, they're trying to GROW MARKET SHARE. They believe that by saying that their headset 1) has exclusive games and 2) can play ALL games on PC while the main competitor can only play SOME games, they'll get more HMD sales. They're trying to push their hardware, NOT software sales. Reasons to push their hardware are likely two-fold: 1) By locking their store they're essentially locking people to their brand for future generations (similar to Apple)... you can switch later but you lose all your software so a lot of people won't switch and 2) They'll be able to collect data on you and sell it to the highest bidder.
Yeah let's make sure Valve's giant investment into VR is not repaid, yay! /s
So they say... I've got no problems with Hover Junkers.
Definitely depends on the person generally: - theBlu (everyone starts with this and not a single person hasn't been totally shocked). -TiltBrush (again for everyone, most people are amazed, some more and some less) -Audioshield (yep still everyone, some love this some think its neat) Then it depends on the person. For gamers it's usually Space Pirate Trainer, Budget Cuts, Brookhaven for those that aren't afraid, Holopoint, Final Approach, Out of Ammo. For non gamers it's Realities (now replaced by Destinations), Cloudlands Minigolf, Zenblade, Job Simulator. I haven't had a single person (in over 40) that hasn't walked away completely blown away and excited by what the future of VR holds. Zero motion sickness as I don't give them anything that isn't 1-1 scale motion. I generally ask people if they know their IPD. People with glasses/contacts often know, some do not. Those that don't, I guesstimate based on comparing them to myself.
I have no interest in putting Oculus Home on my computer not to mention I certainly don't intend to pay Oculus a dime when they actively work on not letting me play these games. Also helps that I have a huge backlog of VR games, a wishlist of VR games and nearly 50 VR games/demos on my comp already. WAY more content than time.
Yes I do mainly because every report I've seen from E3 said that Oculus is running 180 degree experiences with two front facing cameras. Same as we've heard a thousand times before. Yes, I fully expect them to say nothing about it because they're not idiots and it's not their first time, they would fully expect controller tracking to not work if they turn around and occlude the controllers with their bodies. I also expect that all the experiences are tailor made to make you NOT turn around and do something behind you. Oh it's Small mammal again, why am I not surprised =)
Yeah probably wearing it too tight. The marks on my face go away a couple of minutes after I take it off. Not worried about it.
Not yet :) I was gonna get it last night but got lost in Hover Junkers and then the Nest came out and my love for sniping had to be filled.
Yeah just saw this too... wth? Can we have just rvive back?!
I'll say this... if you haven't tried it yet, what you THINK you'll want to do with it and what you REALLY want to do with it can be complete and totally different things. I'm playing games that I never thought I'd care at all to play and am having insane amounts of fun. Games that looked like they're super dull on youtube are a completely and utterly different experience. You'll hear this again and again but it's true - with VR, you cannot describe or view or understand what it is, the only way is to try it. But yes, I think it's very much for you if you have the comp, room space, and ability to wait for awesome content (though with nearly 50 VR games in my library already I don't think there's any need to wait).
Sure there should've been... but I'm not just gonna pack up and leave until I see what's up.
Where is this poll?
I leave mine running 24/7... as does Alan Yates so I'm in good company. (Of course if his fail he gets em for free and I don't... oh well)
This might get very different responses if mods posted about the change with their reasoning behind it first. It's the silence that's very strange.
Ok, now it does seem like a bit of hacking, no?
I'm fine with it... never been a fan of leaderboards where the more you play the further you are. You could be an horrible player but if you play a LOT you accumulate points and you're higher on the leaderboards than players that are a lot better than you. Not quite sure what the solution is unfortunately.
Hmm you could try just not looking at where the bullet trail goes. That seems generally irrelevant as there's constant movement vast majority o f the time, no? I love this game so much... fairly often I fire off two rounds and I know it's a kill before the sound plays just because it felt right.
Heh I think I've only ran into it once now that I switched from playing primary TDM to primary FFA. It wasn't even my ship, it was a couple of guys flying together in FFA and they were quite bad so it wasn't unbalanced =) I get your point though, good news is you can shoot them and then not revive, they'll likely quit.
I think you meant to say second best Vive game out! Hover Junkers love!
I'm guessing the hold up is market size vs costs of bringing said products to market. How many people do you think would buy said sword/gun? I know I wouldn't touch either one... why would I when in the game it already looks like I'm holding a sword! When the install base grows large enough, somebody will be willing to manufacture peripherals most likely. For now, I can't see how anyone will make money on this. Foot sensors are a cool idea but SDK and games need to implement them. I don't think a third party product without official support will do much. Gun holder for The Nest... yeah ok but again, you'll sell 100 of these, imagine costs of manufacturing/shipping.
Must say, I get a hacker accusation nearly every evening and while I chuckle at it, eventually it gets a tad annoying.
To each their own, I like OOA as well, just not as much, real people are always more fun for me to play against. My nephew came to visit to play the Vive... played all evening through midnight, then asked to stay for the night. He woke up in the morning and asked to play more, played until like 2pm. When he finally emerged from the basement, I asked what he tried and apparently the entire time he was playing Out of Ammo (and I had 30 other games back then). Just goes to show how much some peeps love that game.
Hmm how do you check the ranking?
Definitely not enough for me to go buy one and I throw money left and right on this thing (nearly 50 VR games, both VR covers, VR foam)... I really wouldn't care to buy a sword strap-on. Imagine what people that are complaining about $15 game price tags would say.
I'm still saying hacked... the silence is something else.
I've seen that but it only seemed to show top 5 or top 10 weekly and all time. Perhaps I need to click on it?
Feet trackers would need to be added to the SDK and games I imagine. Not as easy as just making some crap and throwing it on the market.
Yeah I figured if it was easy to fix it would've been done. Sadly usually when this is abused, the person doing it is not at all exposed. The gun is poking through cover while the player stays behind it. Good players that reliably shoot from the hip do not need to expose themselves for more than a split second. They can see where the enemy is and can see movement through gaps in cover. I've done this myself a few times but usually only after I see opponents using this tactic.
Great, thank you for taking the initiative on this! Looking forward to the final version!
But that one large pad is easily split. Hover Junkers already uses the touchpad got 4 separate hand gestures in the waiting bar...
Yep yep
I try to grasp this concept but I just can't... you're saying that even if there are no rewards tied to it outside of a number increasing, you're finding yourself less inclined to play? To me, the game is either fun and then I play it or it's not and then I don't. I can appreciate playing more if you're trying to unlock something but just a total number that will get wiped is getting you to play less?
Oh no doubt, especially for my relatively large 5m x 5m Vive is the only way to fly even if Facebook wasn't trying to mount the open PC platform.
I can easily have two headsets but why would I want two things that do the same thing? Forget two, if others took Oculus' lead and then in a year or two I need four of these? No thanks.
I'm afraid you're delusional at this point... how many outright lies does it take to convince you that the image you built up in your head is not correct? Actions speak louder than words. Aww poor Palmer saying maybe they need to do a better job of communicating. He's communicated plenty, just what actually happens after is the exact opposite of what he communicated. Awww and if he told us what's really going on it would take a few extra months to people ship their Rifts. Yeah, right... please do tell how explaining why they're shutting down Revive after very specifically saying they'd allow games purchased on their stores to be modded to run on anything - how would that explanation delay Rifts by months? Bunch of nonsense bull from a liar.
I don't buy it... lawyers don't get to make business decisions. Your CEO makes these decisions and lawyers write contracts in a way the business leaders desire them. I've worked for Fortune 500 companies and never ONCE have I seen a lawyer that told the C-suite level folks how to run their business. Just in this interview, he claims that telling people what happened with some of the decision would delay getting their Rifts by months. What a bunch of bologna. Yes, telling us why you've become anti competitive will cause the poor children in China to make Rifts slower. /sarcasm
Well... I also know masochists exist but it's very hard for me to see why someone would enjoy being hurt. (Not saying you are one at all, just that knowing something exists and understanding it aren't the same).
Yes I went in once just for that... I'm afraid that doesn't do squat for me. I much prefer Holopoint's dance of death with dodging, moving, shooting different targets to Lab's Longbow and I Xortex type of gameplay isn't really my cup of tea.
Nice, thanks, I think I'll try to copy this bad boy... where did you get the cardboard tube?
Is $6 really big enough of a deal to whine about? I'm really amazed sometimes...
Meh... I've heard of exactly ONE situation where a person was warned that they're refunding too much. As long as you're not refunding nearly every game, you'll be perfectly fine. I know I've refunded 6-7 games in the last month. I kept over 30 in the last month.
I had a strong negative reaction the first time I tried it as well. I was very shocked that I couldn't turn the junker around and movement bothered me. I was fairly sure I'd refund it... decided to go ahead and give it full 2 hours before I do which took a while because I couldn't stomach the movement for more than a few minutes for the first few days. So glad I gave it a real chance, the game becomes amazing when you learn ins and outs of it. Inability to move the junker actually becomes another strategic layer as you try to approach the enemy from the side of your junker that has the best cover or look for worst cover on their junker. Sadly now there are really good players so it might be frustrating for a while as you repeatedly lose as you're learning. If you're at all a fan of FPS shooters, give it a couple of hours over several days and I think you might fall in love too. I have more hours in HJ than the rest of my 45+ title VR library combined I think.
You could've saved $2000 from that $3500 PC and bought a shitton of games. That's your own pretty poor choice and asking Devs to lose even more money building VR games while making such bad choices feels not super bright to me.
Scared me for a minute. Went to check the last two refund emails - no warnings. Are you the person that posted a PSA warning people about refunds a couple of weeks ago? So far that's the only mention of it I've ever heard. You're either the second or the same warning :)
Heh if you want to get anal about it - [here](http://www.microcenter.com/product/451883/Core_i7-6700K_40GHz_LGA_1151_Boxed_Processor) is where I got my processor for $289 plus $30 off a motherboard making processor $259. The 1080 is the one piece that I don't actually have in hand yet but I'm going for the evga base edition for $620. So between those two that's $180 back in my budget compared to your numbers. Yes I didn't include monitor or any other peripherals as I had those.
Bye, it's not blind rage, it's dislike for a very good reason. Their lack of manufacturing experience and slow preorders have absolutely and totally nothing to do with it. Their attempted strangling of the PC VR market and ONE SIDED systems war are disgusting. Their constant lies are not great either. Bye.
Ah while the lab wore off quickly for me, the rest of the experiences are still as fresh as ever, I play every chance I get. Though Hover Junkers is eating up most of my available time. Still love to boot up Out of Ammo, Holopoint, SPT, Holoball, Final Approach, Cloudlands, H3VR, Zenblade etc whenever I can. Sure I'll take more stuff of Gallery's caliber but I'm drowning in content I want to play.
That only works if the person who is clipping sucks... majority of the people I've seen that do this are actually very good already. I can quite easily peek, back up and shoot through cover with 2 headshots. I've done this again and again in games when I see someone doing it first. People that do this don't just sit back behind cover and fire blindly, they're generally excellent from the hip shooters.
Thank you for the post. Most definitely going to stay away as a person who is not big on horror. I can do fine when it's just monsters and I have guns but psychological horror is definitely not something I want. Nope! Nope!
Yes, an old Russian proverb says "beauty requires sacrifice". I'm ready to sacrifice some $ for a nice graphics card to experience the beauty of your game =)
THANK YOU! Yes if you don't have a lot of spare cash, I understand game costs add up. Then buy less games. Don't demand ridiculously low prices. I bet most VR devs are taking a beating already, they need to earn a living or they won't be doing this.
In general, I'm always for optional trackpad locomotion in games EXCEPT for this one. The teleportation is a game mechanic, similar to Budget Cuts, not a crutch. Painting tiles near cover and porting to them is a huge part of the game, not needing to do this would give a HUGE, game breaking advantage. Also, in a multiplayer game, everyone needs to be on equal footing.
Have you tried it?
What? Space Pirate Trainer? This game seems to have NOTHING in common with space pirate trainer... like at all. It's like saying Call of Duty is the same as Resident Evil because both feature guns. One is a team based arena shooter and the other is a wave based drone shooter.
Holy Moly! The preorder $15 is a STEAL after watching that video. I bought the sucker after the demo just hoping for s few more locations as I loved the demo but it's apparently so much more than I expected! Can't wait!
Depends on a game. Many use teleportation locomotion. I'm guessing with this one you'll be moving from scene to scene and you'll only be able to walk as far as your room allows but that's speculation.
Well that article said without being able to try side my side it appeared to be about same resolution as the Vive/Rift. Its higher resolution overall but stretched over a wider FOV.
Give me 5 zombie games that have a bunch of weapons, different paths to take, a lot of variety? Granted, I'll prolly stick with Brookhaven but it's not like all the devs got together and discussed what they're gonna do and it's not like they made this during the last week.
Not in the least. I play daily with far more content than time. I'm loving the hell out of a bunch of these games.
Meh... was 360 heh. The point of Giant Cop isn't that you're being surrounded at all times. They'll be reworking that bad boy to make it 180, don't doubt it. VERY different from this game.
Well to each their own, I haven't touched a 2D game since I got the Vive 2 months ago. I tried CSGO, lasted 5 minutes and left. Even Witcher 3 expansion which has been my favorite game in the last 5 years didn't hold my attention. I intend to go back at some point and play that but not now. While there are certainly games in the future that I'm excited about (Brookhaven, Raw Data, Budget Cuts etc.) I'm also extremely happy to sink hours into the stuff we have now - Hover Junker has been by far my most played game. I simply cannot go back to flat shooters now. Who would've thought I wouldn't even bother getting Doom?! I play Out of Ammo, SPT, Holopoint, Holoball, Zenblade, Final Approach, HordeZ, Audioshield among others. Definitely for me, more content than time but it's different for everyone I realize.
At the same time you'd likely need to go to the future and bring back a graphics card that can run two 4k panels at 90 FPS =) Not sure if foveated rendering will be enough for that or not.
That's because Oculus considers itself a console...
It's been out of 2 months. The devs have had dev kits for a year... huge games that you want take YEARS to make, even when it's not in a new medium. Your expectations were unrealistic to put it mildly.
Not at all
I'd say exactly the opposite. Of course resolution needs to be increased! I don't notice the FOV except when a game starts. I do notice that the resolution is low quite often especially when looking at things further away.
No, they're not countering Oculus' money with MORE money. They likely aren't providing the same amounts of support, that I really can't tell you. They ARE providing support without asking for exclusivity and that's something I respect. The deceitfulness of Oculus is something I cannot. Declaring a ONE SIDED systems war is not something I can respect nor support. If you feel differently, by all means, have fun with the Rift.
Resolution's the same... Rift's FOV is smaller though meaning relative increase in resolution.
Aha, I see now, thanks. Then yes, I'm on board.
I'm guessing for balancing purposes.
Most are much more chill. There are always exceptions.
You can't yet
1) Everyone and their gram has made your exact post over the last 2 days. 2) Due to #1, I'm a bit tired of posting it but [here's one last time](http://www.roadtovr.com/valves-chet-faliszek-on-htc-vive-pre-content-showcase-surprises-and-ninja-cats/) Yes, they're giving cash to VR developers but we don't know which ones as they're not asking for exclusivity, here's the quote: "We want VR to succeed, that’s super important for us. But more important than that is, that we want to make sure that developers don’t get burned. We’re trying to do everything we can for them. We’re [Valve] funding development as well, I know HTC is as well. You couldn’t guess who we are as we don’t think they should be exclusive to our hardware".
You have to look at it from the view of HTC and Valve... 1) HTC - I don't know but my guess is they don't see a dime from Steam sales. Valve takes the 30% cut, developer takes 70% cut. Why the hell would they be interested in fronting as much money as Oculus?! 2) Valve - They're perfectly happy to sell to EITHER Rift OR Vive owners, they have NO BENEFIT to push one platform over the other, they take the same exact 30% cut when they make a Steam sale to you or a Rift owner. They just want to push VR forward on all systems so it makes no sense for them to give as much money as Oculus either. You think Oculus Home is gonna be selling more VR content than Steam? Please... Even on Oculus subreddit in a recent thread it was one after another after another all saying they ONLY buy their software on Steam, especially if given an option (VAST VAST majority of games will not be Oculus exclusive games, certainly not for long, not after market grows) - A lot of Rift guys know full well that in gen 2 they're better off with having their games on Steam than on Oculus if they want to keep their options open of keeping their games if they chose to get a non-Oculus HMD. Currently, it's easy for Oculus to buy exclusives because the alternative the dev is looking at is taking money from a fairly small Vive market. When the Vive market grows AND other HMDs come in stock and you have millions of people with these HMDs, it'll become a LOT more expensive for Oculus to buy exclusivity. Temporary problem.
When the played clips through cover its not so bad. The bad part is when just the gun clips through while the player stays safely behind cover. I generally can win games without resorting to it as I consider it rather unsportsmanlike. When playing against some very good players that do it, I've sometimes done it too. Problem is then I start shooting everyone in the game like that not just people who are doing it. Feels dirty to me. I certainly hope it doesn't become super prevalent.
I feel like I'm talking to the wall. I'll try one more time and I'm done ;) Oculus paid Insonmiac to develop a game for them. In order to make it exclusive and push HMD sales. We both agreed we don't want Valve to finance exclusives, yes? Tell me, what is the benefit to Valve to pay 100% of the cost of development and then take a 30% cut of the revenues? Oculus needs to sell Rifts as they ONLY benefit when Rifts are sold. Valve benefits when Vives are sold AND they benefit when Rifts are sold as they take a 30% cut of selling software to both. Still not seeing the difference?
So you're thinking the thought process of a large studio with a polished game that was NOT paid to be built by Oculus is as follows: "I made this nice polished VR game. All other polished VR games are on Oculus Home. If I publish to Steam I could sell it to Rift users AND Vive users who are starved for polished content. Fuck it, I'm only gonna sell it on Oculus Home with the rest of polished games!" Seriously? Okay man... what else can I say really. Btw, don't expect a ton of polished high quality games for a while. They take A LONG TIME. Years. Nobody has had a Vive dev kit for years. It'll be stuff like Fallout maybe Skyrim full VR mods and smaller experiences.
ALL? Maybe not... is it the future of gaming? I think so
He said 10 years...
Pretty simple. If you like multiplayer shooters then Hover Junkers. If you prefer solo play, Out of Ammo. If both - Out of Ammo before price goes up. That being said Hover Junkers is fantastic if you give it a few hours to learn the ropes.
As much as I like Out of Ammo, if I could only have one of these two I would without a second thought go for Hover Junkers. Superb game.
One of the Devs mentioned for this was to give people that can't handle the ship motions something to play with their friends.
Completely subjective. I enjoyed OOA for about 3-4 hours then it's basically same thing every time. The new Overwatch mode is a welcome change but I doubt it'll draw me in for too long. On the other hand I've sunk nearly 40 hours into Hover Junkers. Nothing compares to fighting other humans, it's a different experience all the time. I play it pretty much daily.
Nothing will prepare you to fight other humans like... fighting other humans. Don't let your bruised pride stop you from learning and improving.
I can appreciate that you're excited about the game and want to share that. But why not do it in one of several of the same threads that were done today heh. On topic - have you tried Hover Junkers? If so is it a tech demo or fluff?
Is there a reason to make a fifth topic on the same thing today or would it be possible to post in the other four? ;)
Erm... what kind of balance are we talking about here? With a lot of multiplayer titles and Hover Junkers in particular a person with better and quicker aim will dominate one with slower/worse aim. There's not much that can or SHOULD be done about that. The best way to not get dominated is to keep playing. With experience your chances of being dominated go down significantly.
Oculus room cake especially ;)
I guess depend how you define shooting from the hip... I meant just not lining up the sights.
You didn't answer the question. What do you think Dean was supposed to do when the contract was up? He was never hired to complete this project. It was never supposed to be a one year development effort. He was hired for design expertise. So again, what should he have done when his contract was up?
What's spotty with the refund button? Used it numerous times to get a refund to go either back to Steam Wallet or back to my credit card. Never an issue especially if you stay under the 2 hours played/2 weeks owned limits. Had one that I went over 2 hours with because it kept crashing and counted my time as played even though I wasn't playing. Still refunded with no problems.
FINE damnit FINE, I'll try it. Goodness it better be damn great. I absolutely love Hover Junkers, it's hard for me to imagine it being anywhere near as awesome but FINE I'll find out for myself.
That'd be good
That skill is something most good players I've seen possess. It's a fairly routine thing I've noticed and sadly I'm now resorting to the same thing against them. It's no accident and is done intentionally time and time again. Just the gun goes through the cover while I am safely behind cover with nothing exposed... with just a bit of practice it's done fairly consistently.
I haven't tried the game yet myself - like many it's on my "to-do" list for tonight - I read the Steam Guide and looked over the controls but I'm guessing vast majority of the people won't do that. Is there a way to have controls listed in games somewhere? (options screen if there is one or something that loads up when game loads ala zGame). Using grip button to pick stuff up will be foreign to most people, I think every game besides Spell Fighter used trigger. Similarly, touchpad movement sounds similar to Hover Junkers (except trackpad click rather than trigger to initiate) - but pointing the controller in the direction you want to go will likely not be self explanatory either. Both things easily fixed as long as the controls can be explained somewhere. Thanks for making the game, definitely looking forward to trying it tonight.
Only tried it solo... not my cup of tea, I'd rather spend the time chasing people in ships to shoot at them =)
Enough with this nonsense. If devs can't charge a price that gets them the ability to do this as a living, we won't have any games. It's flippin' $15... Brookhaven's DEMO is free, full game is not. I'm grateful to Walts of the Wizard peeps but I certainly think they should get paid too. The more devs make on these games the more likely they are to bother doing work with the Vive again. I'm certainly picking up a copy tonight, looks great to me.
Heh... ah just the other day we had a thread full of people who said they still had a lot of respect for Palmer, that the poor fellow just doesn't have any say in the company's operations and surely he's still against exclusivity. See the truth yet or still choosing to delude yourself?
That does indeed look rather disorienting... doubt I'd enjoy it in too many games =(
Is there combat in Solus?
I don't tend to sweat much in general so not usually a problem unless I'm playing long hour+ bouts of Audioshield/Holopoint/Hover Junkers. For those I use the fake leather VR cover with thin VR Foam. Keeps the headset from becoming wet and disgusting. I've never had no issues with fogging.
Perhaps after a minute of staring at the spaceship, a little green man pops out from it and says "turn around, stupid!" =)
Belgians eh, lay off the beer and back to work. Kidding obviously but you guys do have some amazing beer.
Looks great, I can't wait to try it. Sadly it says Alpha sign ups end June 1st. Rather wish this was on Steam for the ease of use. I used to be a skeptic of non-teleport games, only kept my DK1 for a couple of weeks due to it. When I first got the Vive I wasn't able to cope with games that used regular movement for more than a couple of minutes, non-teleporting mode in Spell Fighter made be nope out in no time flat. Luckily I'm convinced that it was Hover Junkers that helped me get my VR legs. Movement there didn't feel good at first either but a lot more tolerable. With repeated exposure I'm now able to play all the games I've tried (including Spell Fighter) with regular locomotion so it definitely happens. Oh well, looking forward to reports of those who are in Alpha.
I generally prefer hands/gloves. When you pick up a sword, I'd like to see the glove holding the sword.
I can't imagine Pool Nation will be more than 15% off so if I were you I'd get both that and Out of Ammo. In all honesty, I highly doubt many if any VR games will be on sale. All of them have been around for less than 3 months.
I'll take one or more of: 1) 2K screens 2) Wireless 3) Significantly lighter 4) Significantly wider FOV
Thanks, you make a lot of good points. My first reaction to Hover Junker's wasn't super positive either and currently it's by far and away my most played game. Getting good at the game goes a long way in enjoying it for me I think. I didn't do poorly yesterday either, above average but the shooting seemed off... the slow movement of the projectiles indeed reminded me of paintball quite a bit. The game certainly had strong points - the variety of weapons, painting tiles to move are both great. I barely tried more than default weapons, that's the plan for tonight. Do headshots do more damage?
I'm a bit scared by the number of people that seem to be having issues with 1070s and 1080s. I hope these are software issues that future drivers will fix. It's a tad unnerving considering I'm about to drop $600+ on a new card and I'd hope it will work better than my current 980 heh.
No, it's on by default... or should be. You don't need to activate tron mode either (that's just camera showing your room when you get to a chaperone boundary).
Nice, can't wait to see what's in store for Loadouts and new weapons. My favorite VR game by FAR. I can't go back to regular shooters after playing this game.
Not particularly... due to my lack of self control I have most titles I want. Then again, I'm in a good position to support the VR devs at full prices.
No he means "kind of traditional locomotion" except here it's not quite that, it's just slowly walking towards a teleportation point.
Yeah, I had a similar thought just this morning actually. I have no problems with the game prices, at all. I think they're a great bargain actually. That being said, after buying nearly 50 games I'm reaching a point that I'll be buying a lot less for sure.
It's especially strange of them to not try to push for 360 degrees if claims that they can track as well as Vive are to be believed.
If you get in trouble with a monster that gets too close to you before you get the spell that turns your staff into a melee weapon - remember you can always quickly teleport away. I did a fair bit of kiting like that before I got more spells to deal with close-up mobs.
Have you considered looking before posting? I saw at LEAST 5 battle dome posts in last 24 hours. Likely quite a bit more.
No worries, soon enough you pick up a spell to use in melee so the teleporting and shooting can stop if you'd like. Or you can continue with it. Personally I finally picked up the spell that sends giant magma spikes out of the ground but until you upgrade it, you have to cast your First Key circle for protection first. I've been using that one quite a bit.
You get a spell... I forget the name, similar to "Crusix"... that's not it but it's something along those lines. You make a gesture and your staff becomes a deadly weapon =)
Negative, I think sights in H3 and Hover Junkers work great and are not huge.
Wow... that's quite a bit of misinformation. " I see people clearly through my sights and I can't shoot them because the 6" of space between their "junk" isn't actually an open space. Smart players exploit this easily causing balance issues." - It actually IS open space. You can shoot people through holes in cover and through windows IN cover. "There really aren't any maps. You float in an arbitrary space. There may be a hill. This doesn't affect gameplay at all which is lazy." - Hills affect gameplay in HUGE ways. Getting higher ground is EXTREMELY important as it lets you peek out, take shots at your unprotected opponent and hide back to reload. This is used ALL the time. The glitching robot is no longer glitching. "Discoverability is terrible. I think they put up some cue cards recently but even then, its not obvious how to pick up "junk" and mount it to you vehicle, switch guns, reload guns, etc." - It's called watching the included tutorial, they've had it for months. ALL of that is shown in the tutorial. "The gameplay is dumb as rocks. Fly, shoot, fly away. There's no real strategy." - There's plenty of strategy. You need to figure out whether you want to engage or pick up more cover, you need to try to engage the enemy from the side of the ship that has the best cover and ideally their worst cover. You need to be only visible when you're ready to make your shots, you need to constantly watch all directions, ESPECIALLY when you're in a firefight to make sure you don't get flanked, you need to try to approach ships that are in a firefight from the best side to make sure you can ambush them unexpected. You need to monitor your ship health and feed it junk to recover health, you need to figure out whether it's worth it to spend time gather more cover or try to go for more kills. You need to try to utilize hills to get the upper ground advantage. On top of that you need to know what weapon to use when, whether you should drop the welder for a second weapon or not, how to pull of headshots, etc etc.
Yeah we get it.... That's really what 95% of the people are upset with. Almost everyone has no issues with games that are paid for by Oculus to be sold only on Oculus Home so that they recover the cost of paying for development. It's artificially excluding other fully compatible hardware that's the issue. Not sure about point of the thread though.
It's really not... You're able to shoot the guy you see on the screen just as reliably as he can shoot you. Sometimes there's a disconnect where you think you're not visible but you are, yes, slightly annoying but not game breaking. Once you get really good at shooting in HJ, there is just nothing like it. Addictive.
I guess it all depends on how often it happens. Sure I've seen it but vast vast majority of times I die, I know precisely who killed me and where he was shooting from so I don't see it as a big deal. Yes I certainly would prefer to never see it but overall the games minor issues to me are FAR outweighed by its awesomeness.
Hover Junkers is using client side detection so a bad connection shouldn't put you at a huge disadvantage. To me, kills in HJ are infinitely more satisfying but it's a subjective matter I know.
I'd be lying if I said that thought didn't enter my mind when I saw the name of the game.
I'm guessing it'll be 2k
Graphics aren't too big of a deal though I'd love to see better character models. I at least want to see my hands in team color so I know immediately what team I'm on, especially in team deathmatch where there is no paint. My bigger gripe is the shooting mechanics are very weak imho.
It's pretty good, like majority of developed world...
They're going for hardware marketshare only at the moment, not software sales or profit. Oculus wants to lock up as many people as possible to their pretty little system so they stay prisoner for future generations unless customers are willing to abandon all their gen 1 software purchases.
Sadly I think that's PRECISELY the play Oculus is going for. They're not saying it loud and proud because it's a very hypocritical and low move but I think they're very happy with THEIR HMD being able to use content from all stores while competitors do not have the same ability.
It all makes sense to them because their HMD allows them ability play ALL PC games (when Touch comes out). I'm sure their tune would've very quickly changed and their eyes opened if suddenly their Rifts lost ability to use Steam content. I'm guessing they'd see the negative side of exclusivity damn quick. For now - if it doesn't hurt em, they don't see the issue.
I read that as "professional hitman"... twice.
Thanks for doing this! For those who enjoy mage combat/dark souls (or ideally both) - check out Left Hand Path. IMHO, the game deserves a lot more visibility. Casting spells by doing gestures and pointing with your staff is awesome. On a separate note, has anyone tried iOMoon with Vive controllers? Worth playing? Looks gorgeous but I wonder how long it stays interesting.
Meh, I'm not installing Oculus Home either. I doubt this goes Oculus exclusive though, not coming from some small time company.
You've clearly taken a lot of time and thought so I feel bad answering in such a short answer... but... Honestly, I feel weapons are fine. I don't want the revolver to require 3 headshots (as I'd still keep aiming for the head even after the first 2), two is plenty. I'm also not a fan of making the shotgun into a more of a pilot killer. It's designed with a specific use in mind - destroying cover and destroying ships. It's very good at it's designed job and I don't think it should become a better "all-around" weapon. I think the current system works fine. If you want to shoot the pilot, use the revolver. If you want to damage cover/ship, use the shotgun. I'm curious to see what the next update brings with multiple weapons and loadouts. No point in trying to balance out the weapons now if we're about to get a whole lot more of them, especially since I think the weapons are balanced for different uses as it is.
Wait you guys really haven't seen this? I see this constantly... I rarely bother switching weapons anymore but sometimes if I just want to mess around with the flare gun, I'll do the quick switch. Very often after a death, the quick switch brings up empty hand instead of flare gun (when I have a revolver in my hands).
I'm guessing artificially introducing disconnects between your real arm and your virtual arm is not a great thing in VR, no?
Thanks, will try tonight. I've played the game through but the beach scene was a bit iffy so I've been waiting to recommend it to the Mrs until I can finally snag a 1080. If performance issues are ironed out, I know what she'll be doing tonight. Thanks for your hard work, how's EP2 coming along? =)
Just curious... fear? I'm tryin' to recall anything scary in the game and I'm drawing a blank. But overall, yes, much more beautiful than anything else I've tried on the Vive.
It's actually very easy to have multiple people play on the current save system. You just start the new person with the tutorial tape and off they go... They'll have several tapes they can load, just make sure to load the correct one.
And an orgasm is only 5 seconds yet we're all keenly interested in them. It's not about the length of the experience, it's about the quality to a lot of people. The quality in The Gallery is currently unmatched on the Vive.
Two hours is more than enough for me I must say.
Agreed that Oculus isn't going anywhere due to Facebook's huge checkbook. Disagreed on mobile, it'll be HUGE. Inferior product but it'll have millions and millions of users as people upgrade their phones that'll work with google's daydream. HTC will be joining forces with Google for daydream. Tons of smaller games will come out for this, similar to mobile gaming. Touch will not fail on Oculus, it's FAR too engaging. A majority (but not nearly everyone) of Rift users will pick up Touch. Majority of future Rift games will be based on Touch with a quarter or so focused on gamepad. It will be a while for new releases but indies will keep coming out, their quality will increase as people get more experience with building for VR and as it gets harder to sell unfinished games due to oversaturation. This will lead to good quality indie games (Raw Data/Budget Cuts/Thunderbird etc). Most PSVR games will come to both Oculus and Vive. Quite a few fully paid for by Sony will not, majority will be timed exclusives but they won't be super popular due to not being 360 degree roomscale games on the Vive.
I've seen quite the opposite. In Touch threads I've seen nothing BUT proclamation that EVERYONE will buy it. Truth it, they won't but I'm guessing 60-70% of Rift users will, especially once reviews come out or they try one in a store/friends' house. Valve won't be curating Steam more, quite the opposite actually. If you saw one of the last emails from Gaben that was posted here, he specifically said they've made steps to reduce their involvement in connecting devs and consumers. He says they're making further steps to completely take themselves out of this process. I'm a bit scared to see what he means. Yes, we won't be getting PSVR exclusives day 1, it'll be mostly timed exclusives which I'm fine with from PSVR, NOT fine from another PC platform. I just doubt that I'll be interested in too many games that aren't built with roomscale/360 degree freedom in mind. Maybe a couple here and there but I doubt too many PSVR games will be something I'm drooling over.
Where are these prices from? It seems majority undiscounted (and discounted) prices you show are higher than my US East prices in dollars. For example - Windlands is $15.99/19.99 for me, not $17.59 down from $21.99 etc
Aha, thanks... guessing a LOT of people are gonna miss that.
Too bad, was hoping Cosmic Trip would be on sale, I have the rest of these already except for Apollo which holds zero interest.
It's because you haven't turned Cortana off...
SPT, Holopoint, Out of Ammo, Vanishing Realms.
Sorry, Space Pirate Trainer
Replace girlfriend, not worth making the ceiling even lower with padding!
Won't work I'm afraid
You're a gentleman and a scholar, well done.
Nice work, thanks for posting it. Wish I had a printer lol.
I'm having a blast with the game. Very unique at the moment. I had fun with Vanishing Realms but the magic combat and the dark souls-like features and bleakness of Left-Hand Path have really drawn me in. Nice that the dev is super active and responsive, hoping we'll see those new areas in semi-near future. The comments on the website are just so stupid. Every time a VR game is mentioned people are whining that it should be a non-VR game, comment areas always seem to be full of people talking VR down who clearly have never even tried it. Why would gamers be so close minded? I couldn't WAIT to try VR.
I should've made my point a bit clearer - I see a lot of comments that say how much strategy BD currently has and that's what makes it superior to HJ. My point was the strategy really isn't that deep. I know speaking against BD is like speaking against a religion, heritics shall be made to repent!
There are hundreds and hundreds of user-created games there so yes, you can definitely adapt your own games for it.
Agreed, nicely done SLZ!
I'm not trying to lose weight but I've definitely noticed I have to snack more often in order to NOT lose weight. Damnit Vive, you're increasing my monthly food spending! =)
Probably will still need Revive though... I'll keep my money to myself for now and see what happens.
If idea of magic combat, exploration and/or dark souls type game appeals to you then definitely. Remember it's a single dev so don't expect dark souls-like graphics. I'm having a great time personally. About 2.5 hours in, I'm not done yet.
Ah, that explains your suggestion =)
A lot of people build up resistance. When I first got the Vive and tried this game with trackpad, I had to switch to teleportation in under a minute. Then played Hover Junkers for about 3 weeks, went back to Spell Fighter, for the heck of it tried trackpad movement and learned that I could now play it fine. Pretty convinced Hover Junkers' movement system helped me develop my VR legs.
I disagree, it's highly immersion breaking. I tried making the teleportations very very small and that helped but still quite unpleasant. For games where it makes sense (Budget Cuts, Left Hand Path etc) it works fine but in VR I really hope an alternative movement scheme will be added similar to Spell Fighter.
Unlikely, we've had an insane number of people work on the issue... maybe there's a magic solution there but I wouldn't count on it. I'm guessing most games in the future will just include two more locomotion options (teleporation and thumbpad movement being the obvious two).
Well.... a) you don't need a mic, you can cast spells TWO separate ways without a mic - 1) bring up spell list by pressing left menu button and poke at the spell you want OR 2) press trigger and grip buttons at the same time to bring up a radial magic menu. b) Also, you do have a mic, every Vive has one. To cast with your voice you need to install Voice Attack first. Few ever bother I think.
Yes because you clearly know my body far better than I do, right? I had to get rid of my DK1 very quickly because I was hit with motion sickness whenever I did almost anything in it. I couldn't handle Spell Fighter for even a minute in trackpad movement when I first got the Vive. Sure, not motion sickness at all. WTF dude. After 2-3 weeks of daily Hover Junkers play, moving in Spell Fighter is COMPLETELY different... but yeah sure, it must've been something else.
What a time to be a vive
More room makes a huge difference.... though even with 5m x 5m you'll want more MORE.
Well... the price difference will likely be zero dollars when Rift's Touch controllers come out in order for you to compare apples to apples. Obviously most of us will say Vive. As a PC gamer, for me it was super important that I'm buying from a company that is hardware agnostic. My games are on Steam and Steam will work with all HMDs. That means that if for second gen I want something other than the Vive, I'll be able to use my Steam games. Not the same if you get a Rift.
That's the one demo that I haven't finished. Booted it up, when the lights went out and the creepy little laugh sounded behind me I noped out of this one.
Goodness no... but I guess if you're asking you're not pleased with current games. *shrug* I have had no desire to touch regular games in the 2.5 months I've had the Vive.
Yeah same email, prolly all of us
I'm with you... I keep seeing comments from people who love Battle Dome how they're not normally into multiplayer shooter games. Well, I AM normally into multiplayer shooter games and even though I keep getting downvoted into oblivion every time I say it, the shooting mechanics didn't feel up to par to me. I still have another half hour before I need to make a decision on whether to refund it or not. Currently the way shooting is handled in Hover Junkers is infinitely more satisfying for me.
Try playing on the hardest difficulty... you'll quickly be VERY thankful they slow down
Have you tried room scale? I can't begin to tell you how many stories we've had of "I thought room scale was a gimmick and then I tried it, OMG, life changer". Just how small is your room? The jump from sitting VR to roomscale VR is at least as big as jump from flat monitor to VR in my non-humble opinion. I haven't bothered with Revive personally so can't help you there. To me the 360 degree Vive games blow away the front facing experiences Oculus is pushing for. Also keep in mind that if you go with the Vive and thus buy majority of your content on Steam, when it's time to go for second gen VR set, your games will carry over as Steam is hardware agnostic. That will very likely NOT be the case for stuff you buy on Oculus Home, you'll likely be locked in to buying their headset for second gen or risk losing all your content.
Are you using SteamVR beta? Sorry, zero issues since day 1 here.
Good point
That's pretty much it I think... let's enjoy it while we can gentlemen.
Hover Junkers by a mile... [Seriously though](https://www.reddit.com/r/Vive/comments/4podf2/which_game_should_i_get_hover_junkers_or_battle/). Hover Junkers is an actual shooter - you aim at someone's head, pull the trigger and they get shot. In Battle Dome, you're playing paintball... point at someone's head and a fairly slow moving projectile paintball lookin' thing goes in their general direction. Hover Junkers is far more polished and if you're a good shot, FAR more appealing imho.
You're hitting someone when you see blood spurt out of them. You're being hit when you make a hurt sound. Now pray tell me how do you tell you're hitting someone or being hit in Battle Dome?! You die is how you know you're being hit and your slow moving projectile seems to be hitting them?
I'm guessing most kids won't have the PC needed to run these luckily. Likely most aren't getting an $800 toy either =) We should be mostly safe until next gen I hope. With some exceptions here and there of course. Especially for 12-14 year old kids of people who bought the Vive for themselves.
They didn't reverse their policy... all they've done is removed the HMD check that Revive bypassed anyway. In terms of what works and doesn't, not a thing has changed.
I totally miss typed on my phone lol. I was going to say we'll have some 12-14 year old kids whose parents bought it for themselves.
I've never noticed Battle Dome indicators either because I usually am either alive or kicking or screen goes red and I can't move as I am respawning heh. Yes you most certainly make hurt noise in HJ and blood spurts out when you hit your opponent.
Is this going to not require Oculus Home at some point? Pretty sure a metric ton of us don't have that crap on our PCs.
Lol probably... Read through the instuctions and saw Oculus Home as first step.
I don't see them spending time and money on this... I'm expecting Vive 2 in 2 years which is about how long it takes for consoles to come with a slim version.
"it was the technical benefits of the platform and Oculus’ support that were the deciding factor" - What exactly are the "technical benefits of the platform"?!?! Do pray tell us wise Superhot non-greedy dev, what technical benefits Oculus has? Please tell me you decided to develop a time exclusive version for the Rift because of ATW? Laughable. What you meant to say is "It's the cash benefits of the platform". If you can at least say it like it is I might have some respect for you. Don't treat us like idiots and feed us lies, we're not dumb enough to fall for them.
I'm not fine having to use a mod to buy their game either.
Holy crap... for once a Smallmammal post I agree with. Cats are sleeping with dogs and hell is freezing over!
Amen. So much one sided biased bullshit from that "publication". Rename it Oculus News and be done with it.
Play for the two hour window you have before refunding... The game gets a LOT better when you give it time and get better. Amazing rush if you get good at it.
I haven't done much sitting VR (really only House of the Dying Sun which confirmed for me that I have no interest in car sims/space sims even in VR) - yeah, I can't imagine playing VR without roomscale. I get that some of you guys love driving/flying games but as a person who doesn't care for the, roomscale is the only way to go for me.
For another opinion, best single player game on the Vive for fans of either Mage combat or dark souls.
Pretty sure it does, at least with charged one, I've killed a few people with a single shot. Would be surprised if they were all pre-damaged.
This is the magic answer for me too. GTX 980.
Does it though? I think the main reason it's getting attention is it's very accessible. I can give it to anyone who I demo the Vive to and they have a chance of doing reasonably well within 10 mins. It also has a very nice use of roomscale. Hover Junkers on the other hand I can't give to a new person without them dying repeatedly and likely getting frustrated without putting in the time to learn to shoot for an hour or more.
Really? I stay completely calm in BD. If anything it makes me frustrated at my team quite often. In Hover Junkers I love the feeling on going on a long killing spree as ship after ship flies in to join a big free for all and I knock out 5+ in a row. Also love that I'm not depending on anyone but myself. If I didn't win its because I didn't do well enough. Not because total incompetence of teammates. Amazing rush. BD I've never felt a thing in...
Do a lot of people play this without a mic? Would be a deal breaker for me. If I can't use the Vive notes and mic I won't really play this as my Vive is nowhere near my desk.
Win 7 or 10?
Sorry I must disagree. If you like shooters, pick up Hover Junkers. The gunplay feels FAR superior. If on the other hand you want to play VR paintball or you're not generally a good shot, Battle Dome will be more forgiving.
Curiously most of the looks concerns do in fact go away once you start playing. Dev will be updating textures. Once player models are updated the looks will be fine. My issue is with gameplay feeling like paintball rather than a shooter for almost all guns.
Yep switching to non-beta Steam VR worked, thanks. Some said they're running it on beta but so far those have been with Win 10, not 7.
They shipped mine exactly when they said they would... sadly shipping took 2+ weeks lol
With Brookhaven coming in less than a week... hmm...
Yep, VR spoiled me too... I'd rather keep shooting in Hover Junkers and SPT than CSGO, Doom, or Overwatch. Instantly became dull. Kinda saddens me in a way. But then I get back on Hover Junkers and sadness melts away.
You can only do that so long... You can't call your bank six months from now and try disputing charges.
Not sure what's up with all the downvotes, seems like a legit question. Anyway, I have only done standing gaming with the Vive. When I first got it, I couldn't handle artificial movement, now I can handle it fine after weeks of Hover Junkers helped me get my VR legs. It's hard to say if sitting would make it more comfy as standing sliding movement is already ok for me. I do recall that with my DK1 sitting down I still felt VR sickness very quickly. I'm thinking it's more about exposure and adjustment than standing/sitting but wouldn't bet on it.
Doesn't achieve anything? What do you think achieved Oculus removing their HMD check and stating they will not use that in the future on PC?!?! The outrage here and on gaming site articles that's what. Granted I take anything from Oculus with a chunk of salt now after their repeated backing away from Luckeys statements but it's already a hell of a lot more than nothing.
I'm not at all convinced that attacks on Oculus alone are what led to the change. Wouldn't be at all surprised if specifically the rage people were showing towards the devs that took the deals made them realize that while it's par for the course on consoles, such deals are awful for reputation of both devs and Oculus. Likely devs would be more willing to sign these timed exclusives if Oculus backed down on their hardware exclusivity.
So many broken controllers on the ceiling... oh my
Uhm no... the devs got the hate because they took exclusive deals on PC platform, not because it was Facebook.
[Here you go](https://www.nowinstock.net/computers/videocards/nvidia/gtx1080/)
Must agree with others... I'm all for puzzle games, wife loves them too but gazing as means of interaction are quite a turn off in the Vive.
Making long range shots is nearly impossible with Vive's current resolution IMHO
You can play any and all game modes without friends. For buzzbots, you're spawned in the lounge, select the welder gun on either hand and point it at the platform between the two lounges. Once there, put up your cover and start the game by interacting (shooting) the middle panel. For free for all/TDM - join games that already have players in them and you'll be in the action in no time. If you're not in the US - vast vast majority of the people from all over the world play on US servers. I believe hits are client-side based so lag won't have nearly as much impact as in most games.
Yes one is all you need if you don't intend to turn around much. The reason it drops tracking when one turns off currently is you have them set in b-c mode (if you're not using the sync cable). To make the Vive work with a single lighthouse, you'll just put the lighthouse into "A" mode instead.
Because they're not trying to maximize revenue yet, they're trying to capture hardware market share... which later leads to larger software market share and more money. If they make it difficult to run Oculus Home games on other HMDs, they have a great chance that for gen 2, vast majority of Rift users will buy Rift 2 just to ensure compatibility with their existing software purchases.
Yep, another of the same thread as hundreds of others have posted... One thing you really want to keep in mind - As of now, Oculus is keeping their store content exclusive to the Rift (if you don't want to bother with hacks that may stop working in the future etc) while Steam is hardware agnostic and supports all headsets. What this means for the future is when the time comes for VR gen 2 in a couple of years - all your Steam content is very likely to be playable on whatever HMD you buy. Your Oculus Home content will quite likely not be playable on your HMD unless you buy Rift 2. To answer other questions: Better experiences? I think at the moment Vive by a LONG shot. Oculus has prettier experiences but VR with a controller is just a better 3D vision. Roomscale and touch controls are AMAZING, completely game changing tech. Rift will be closer when Touch comes out. Better free experiences and better indie dev community? Steam of course. More add-ons/hacks? Steam o course. What makes you less VR sick? Roomscale games have nearly 0% chance of making you sick. Killer app? Depends on view point, for me it's Hover Junkers by a mile. I can no longer play regular FPS games. That being said, I've seen videos of HJ being played on Rift with Touch controls. Setting it up in a way that will support it is a bit of a pain as you have to get USB extenders and drag them to the camera set up behind you. Also Rift's cable is shorter so if your play area is decent sized, Vive will be better there. Lastly, as a PC gamer, I don't want to support a company that is trying to bring a one sided console system war to the PC platform. As far as the RIft itself, I hear the hardware is nice. For me, 360 degree roomscale with a large area is WAY more important though as I don't find the Vive uncomfortable at all.
I personally love it, so do a couple of friends. However, all of us have our VR legs and can play thumbstick locomotion games so it makes sense that the slow on the rail of HordeZ is perfectly fine for us.
Nicely done, what weapons were you using? On a separate note, I remember you from Hover Junkers =)
Oh how silly of me, I forgot that only Oculus does anything to further the VR movement, I shall go back and pray to image of Palmer five times to show my repentance /s. Your statement is like saying that when you take a mortgage from a bank, they didn't do anything for you since they take money from people and make loans with them.
If their game is a failure the IP isn't worth a whole lot so that's not a big problem. It's a much bigger problem if they game is successful because the future profits will be shared by VC partners too. But overall still a great way for people that wouldn't be able to make games otherwise make them.
I don't think a driver update is what's needed here...
I'm guessing you're talking about an armored guy next to a bonfire and a green head? There are several exits out of that room, he tells you which one to go to. You don't need to buy anything to open gates, you buy upgrades for spells.
But basically what you're doing after working all day is going out to a pub and playing pool with random strangers. Imagine doing that while not saying a word. Odd, no? That's how I feel when I'm playing with the mutes.
Heh to a lot of people "VR Floating Person" is far more immersive than "VR Teleporting Wizard". I certainly feel MUCH more immersed when I play Spell Fighter with thumbstick locomotion than in Vanishing Realms.
Negative, no change in dreams.
If it's a core piece of storyline then I'm good with it =)
The internet... I remember playing multiplayer Doom in 1994 (had to call friend's phone directly through the modem) and thinking this is AWESOME, I can't believe we're playing game together and we're not even in the same city! This will be HUGE!
Definitely somewhat... it's no replacement for the gym but it's got to be better for you than sitting down with a regular game. I know I've had to intentionally start eating more snacks throughout the day to not lose weight in the last couple of months.
Well if you really love space sims than I'd say go ahead and go for it... if you're not sold in 2 hours, refund.
The good news is they're not real. Get back to it =) The game is fantastic in co-op, especially on hardest difficulty when you're pretty much forced to use double pistols and have to whip out katana to save ammo here and there.
Yep, by far my most played game out of 50+ Vive games so far... loving every minute of it.
Very far I think... as people play more and more and get their VR legs, I'm guessing the need for these will diminish overtime.
Good call. Just two pieces of advice: 1) If you're not doing well after a couple of hours - try to persevere, you need to develop muscle memory for head shots. 2) If your stomach doesn't feel well when you move the ship for the first time, don't play more than five mins the first day and increase playtime by a couple of mins per day. I had that issue as did a few others I know here. By day five I could play indefinitely with no ill effects.
Yep you'll be good to go. I have to intentionally eat more and snack to not lose weight. Evil Vive increasing my food spending!
They do... You press a button and go forward. Works fine for me, teleportation on the other hand is immersion breaking for me.
You really should give it a shot. A lot of people have no issues with it from the start. Quite a few (including me) feel off when they move the ship for the first time. If that happens to you, don't play for more than five mins the first day. Then increase time played by a couple of minutes per day. By day 4-5 it seems vast majority no longer have any issues with it. I've heard this story time and time again. After day 5 I had no ill effects at all and can play indefinitely. After playing HJ for 2-3 weeks I also realized that now I can play thumbstick motion games which I could not do before.
It is a slow on the rail movement. You can move freely within your room though so you have some control over it. Oddly enough in VR it works fine. Feels like you're just slowly moving forward. IMHO far superior to teleporting. Really worth trying.
It is essential to me. I have zero desire to play a seated VR game unless in the game my character is sitting. I never cared for racing sims/space sims... Tried House of the Dying Sun and confirmed that I don't care for them in VR either. RPS has declined quuuuite a bit in the quality of their writing over the years.
I can smell the crying over the price already. If the game is solid I'm interested. Though looks like it's a lot of exploration and puzzles. I might have my fill with Solus and Mind. Then again built for VR is appealing.
How does one start a game of dodgeball? We had six people in the dodgeball room yesterday but none of us could figure out how to get the game started... we don't just throw balls at each other right?
Somehow I think a Valve L4D3 would be LEAGUES above HordeZ/Zombie Training Simulator. This is saying "No, I'm not interested in the best steakhouse in the city, I already ate beef at McDonalds".
Couple of years in Valve Time is nearly nothing. What have they released in the last couple of years besides CSGO and Dota 2 changes?
Funny... I absolutely agree, these games aren't worth it in their current state. Which is why out of my 50, I own none on the list =) Really the only one on the list that I'm interested in is Cosmic Trip. That sucker looks beautiful but I noticed that since I'm playing Hover Junkers with majority of my free time and not even playing a ton of the games I DO have, I'd wait to see what the finished product looks like for Cosmic Trip. No interest in 3-5 (don't watch videos on the Vive, no interest in space games especially without proper support, no interest in rogue-like games even though I love RPGs). I have honestly never heard of Juant.
That card is horrible, totally worthless. I'll take it off your hands for $30 and you ought to be thankful!
This has got to be an error, right? They can't seriously mean to charge 80+ euros to ship a couple of tiny light facemasks.
I'm very impressed with the game. Everything about it is paying homage to Dark Souls. Graphics aren't amazing but even the graphics instantly reminded me of DS1. Casting magic is very unique and the game had me immersed MUCH more than Vanishing Realms. For fans of dark games, mage combat, and/or Dark Souls - this is a must have.
