I think we should add a response against the claims that "if people can be transgender, why can't they be transracial?"
&gt; They wouldnt have been attacked if they stayed in a muslim country, and theyd be far happier, the men would just have to work and would rather survive on benefits. Are you kidding me? They'd be **happier** back home? I'd much rather take pepper spray to the face than live in a warzone, especially one where hundreds of thousands have died such as Syria. You can't work there. The entire country is in shambles. It must be nice to be able to pass judgment and say "pull yourself up from the bootstraps" when you live in your safe neighborhood in your developed country.
I feel as though reddit has become increasingly less tolerant as time goes on. Why is this?
What's your point? I pay $0.25 to get into the Met and Museum of Natural History.
Have a good day, baby cakes.
Do you think the conditions would be better without trade? It is unfortunate that the world works this way, but labor conditions improve slowly overtime, and the only way for them to improve in these countries is by developing the economies better.
Your username reveals your bias. I fear engaging you in this discussion would be pointless, since we both have our minds made up, quite clearly.
Do you have a more economical suggestion? Often times state intervention only makes things worse. And please explain it in your own words instead of linking me to a book.
How so?
Thank you for the clarification. In my experience though, many socialists seem to be under the impression that free trade harms low skilled laborers in underdeveloped countries, which I have to repeatedly show them is not true. It's frustrating.
&gt; because that would require there to be a privately held industry to intervene in Who is going to get rid of privately held industry in the first place?
Lenin's NEP failed. And I will prove quantitatively that you're wrong about demand rising for high income workers in underdeveloped countries when I can be bothered to draw graphs tomorrow.
Not all Muslims value religious homogeneity above all else.
I personally don't care. I'm more concerned about the safety of this subreddit. Don't want it shut down due to brigading accusations.
I do not understand why it is so difficult to understand this vocabulary. Do you use the word "straight" to describe a heterosexual person? Okay, then use the word "cis" to describe somebody whose gender and sex align.
No, I am pretty confident I meant cis when I said it. Normality is not a synonym for majority; it describes how the typical world functions. Since a certain percentage of our population is always going to be transgender, it is just as normal as when somebody is not transgender. Therefore normal is not a word that can only be used to describe cisgendered people, which is why the term "cisgendered" exists.
You are misunderstanding my point. It is normal for 0.3% of the population to be transgender, therefore rendering transgenderism a normal phenomenon.
The organization responsible *for defining what is and is not a psychiatric disorder*, the American Psychiatric Association, has this to say about the matter (via the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Version 5 (DSM-5 in short, I'll only use the abbreviated form from here on out): &gt; "DSM-5 aims to avoid stigma and ensure clinical care for individuals who see and feel themselves to be a different gender than their assigned gender. It replaces the diagnostic name "Gender Identity Disorder" with "Gender Dysphoria", as well as makes other important clarifications in the criteria. It is important to note that gender non-conformity is not in itself a mental disorder. The critical element of gender dysphoria is the presence of clinically significant distress associated with the condition." In short, the people who *literally wrote the definition* of mentally disordered, 100% reject the notion that being transgender means being mentally disordered.
And you seem to be incapable of using proper, unhateful terms.
It means I don't respect it.
I don't respect arguments built out of hate, therefore I won't humor you further with a debate. Good day.
Why do people enjoy this cartoon? The acting and writing seem just as corny as the Prequels, and the plot seems to be: 1. Lacking a Star Wars feel 2. Dumbed down for children Does nobody else here hate the cartoon? Why is it canon but actual great storytelling like KOTOR is not?
I never stated the violence was dumbed down. The plot and dialogue are most definitely rushed and simplistic though.
I stopped watching that video after 20 seconds. The dialogue was unbearable. Also, the opening shot looks like nothing that'd be in Star Wars.
I actually enjoyed the Prequels a lot more than most people on this subreddit.
Urban living is far more practical and environmentally friendly though.
There is a clear difference between rape fetishes and BDSM.
&gt; whites are almost TWICE as likely to be killed by police officers. Yea, in a country where white people outnumber black people six to one.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4mnqck/jk_rowling_has_described_people_who_criticised/d3x0vjr?context=1) comment is the worst to me. The implications are just terrible...
That logic rests on the assumption that anyone who gets shot by the police has committed a crime. This is false. Also, if you look at the data for UNARMED individuals killed by the police in 2015, black people were killed at a rate 5 times higher than white people. There's more to this than just crime. Take a gander: http://mappingpoliceviolence.org/unarmed/
Seriously, McAfee doing much more for the LP than Johnson.
WHAT THE FU
He clearly chose his nationality to be listed over his occupation as a joke.
They're probably Red Pillers
So is Chad the Donald Trump equivalent of this season?
But how does he feel about Mexicans?
Chad should be the next Bachelor.
How is this show not going to ruin his reputation in his career?
You sound like a newbie to TV.
THIS IS FOR AMERICA
Why is this called a burqini when it's a hijab, not a burqa?
Most of my higher-level econ professors were classical liberals or libertarians, so I'm not sure what you're trying to argue. And this was at one of the most liberal universities in the USA.
I get the pun, but it still makes zero sense.
Which is only Europe...
Maybe respect the mod's opinions to have the conversation deleted instead of bringing it up again...
You're reintroducing the discussion.
Booooooo
He got eliminated last week, so I don't think he got away with anything.
A Donald Trump supporter, nonetheless.
Jordan's basically won this anyways.
WHY MUST WE ALWAYS TALK ABOUT EXES?
Props to Well for being honest. Fuck all these fakers who made it this far.
I always wonder how much the producers and editors have an effect on who comes across as quiet. Why else would Wells have made it this far unless he had at least spoken to JoJo for a decent amount of time?
Alex has such a short guy complex. He always needs to hug first.
James &lt;3
Spoiler: he's not gonna make it
Dueling Banjos?
BRING BACK ALI
Yes.
I miss how he was an actual human.
Luke is something out of a romance novel
I don't understand the point of a two-on-one date. If these guys are that expendable, why bother keeping them at all? She's clearly not going to have a two-on-one date with guys she genuinely wants to stay...
.
I guess cause his success has been so cliche and predictable.
He's being fed lines.
How much are you eating?!
Let's bring him back.
You from the Midwest, pop drinker?
Yes.
The music lets me know what to feel.
Hahaha, I live on the border of the soda/pop divide anyways, so it's cool.
NO FUCK THIS WHY IS HE STAYING
Never heard of that, hahaha
THIS IS SO FUCKING STUPID
You and I are the same person.
He just hasn't gotten much screen or personal time recently. I'm just going off of producer cues.
FUCK FUCK FUCK NOOOOOOOO FUCK
Get rid of Alex
I am okay with this.
6*
Got some confirmation on those statistics? Any sources to back it up?
&gt; Well, they are if you don't pass a bunch of stupid laws that make everything illegal. Good one.
Which is based on gender. What you're thinking of are fetishes. It's insulting to the LGB community to put the desire to have sex with children on par with their preference in partners.
I was simply stating my take on the matter. Reddit is oddly accommodating to pedophilia, and many users seem to normalize it by prescribing it the label of "sexuality."
You don't owe your country anything.
Calling pedophilia a sexuality is normalizing it in my humble opinion.
My concern for individuals is not defined by their nationality.
&gt; Leave if you don't like it. It's not so easy to be without any citizenship. Sometimes that leads to arrest.
The cynic in me thinks that if they were to expand countrywide, they would lose their good quality and start looking like another McDonalds.
You sound miserable, to be honest.
I'm glad you know me better than me. Here I was thinking I was innocently enjoying a cute picture. The horror!
Yes, I would definitely recommend people try their best to think critically and learn how to empathize with others who think differently than them. We live in a nuanced world, my friend. Peace out!
8AM Monday through Friday for two semesters in college. I loved it. I was done with class no later than 12:15pm on my busiest days.
I'm surprised it took her this long to leave, considering the whole Roger Ailes fiasco.
The greatest SW critic of all time, who upsets fanboys everywhere as you can tell from this subreddit.
No thanks. This is a democracy. Let's allow people to elect whomever they want.
Yes.
That's clearly not what I was arguing.
But if people keep reelecting the person, why prevent that? While difficult, it's not impossible to unseat an incumbent if the constituents are upset enough with them.
Because representation in Congress is structured so that people are represented geographically. It therefore makes sense to elect people that live within your state over outsiders within the purpose of Congress. Age limits do nothing to further that purpose. If anything, they limit the constituents' choice for who can represent their district/state. This seems like a poor slippery slope argument. But to be honest, if the majority of people from Nevada elected a person from Massachusetts to be their Senator, I wouldn't care.
What's wrong with gloves?
Yes.
Gender studies is not necessarily a social science if the scientific method is not applied to its research. This is highly contingent on each individual academic within the field, of course. The same can be said for what I studied in college (international relations). My department treated it as a science, and I therefore was spending my senior year running many econometrical models for my thesis. However, I had friends at other schools studying the same field whose theses were largely investigative and required no quantitative reasoning - I would regard this approach as falling under the humanities, not the social sciences.
American high schools often let out around 2PM.
Haha, gloves don't really prevent calluses too much, and that's not why I personally wear them. I know the pros and cons, and I still choose to wear them when I do any deadlift. Wearing gloves for other lifts is pretty questionable in my opinion.
My main point is that science necessitates testable hypotheses. Sorry if that got lost in my paragraph.
Well, it was a slice of life film. There was definitely a resolution of sorts regarding the living situation of the kid, but Casey's character is definitely still left in with the disturbed mentality he had in the beginning. We see that he leaves himself open to remaining active in his nephew's life by getting an apartment with another room, and then as an audience we're left to wonder how their relationship will progress, and how the protagonist will, if ever, overcome his demons. It's certainly not a closed end film.
It's cool. We can't all like the same genres.
It's not unusual though for people to prefer the culture under which they grew up.
Crime exists everywhere. El Salvador has some of the worst in their world, yes. But that doesn't define its culture from culinary, artistic, and traditional perspectives.
It's better than Gaza. You can avoid daily threats of missiles in Egypt.
All the cases you list did not result from free and fair elections. There are also plenty of safeguards in the US government to prevent a dictatorship - we are not comparable to Venezuela. You're using a bogus slippery slope argument. Also, the US Constitution was developed by the government, and therefore anything prevented within its words is through the transitive property being prevent by the government. That's authoritarian.
I think we're dealing with two definitions of "culture".
Well, people look back on the past with filtered lenses.
&gt; "Authoritarian" is nothing more than a smear or slur that Statists use to smear or vilify anyone who doesn't follow their ideology. There is a lot of irony in this statement, haha. The fundamental error of your argument is you presume that no term limits means people can serve indefinitely. This is not the case. They can instead only serve however long the population wishes them to serve. If we prescribed term limits, Congress will just turn into a mid-career bureaucracy for wannabe secretaries, governors, and Presidents to get their name out there. Congressmen would finally have an excuse when they don't get all they promise accomplished, just as the President currently does: "I didn't have enough time." Instead, have no term limits continually rewards politicians who actually please their constituency. And again, it prevents the government from blocking a favorable candidate from being on the ballot. Also, our Constitution is maintained and amendment by government, but this comes down to a battle in semantics.
My old boss came up to me a week after the shooting occurred and started going off on how Obama faked it all to take away his guns. I don't know why he thought that was appropriate workplace discussion.
Probably to be "random."
Gallatin has the highest employment rate for graduates out of all NYU schools.
I'm so scared.
Old people were my least favorite customers at Panera. They either ordered too slowly or expected way too much out of the employees.
What's wrong with you?
How do people find out about products?
Really, *only* on /r/Republican?
And that's terrible economics. There's also nothing inherently wrong with a trade deficit.
Hooligans!
Do you always get mad when people don't share the same opinion as you?
Don't bring your nationalism into my protests, please.
Care to explain the irony? I'm personally not mad. I just think it's ridiculous to go so upset just because people criticize a movie that you like.
&gt; There are legitimate things to complain about in the prequels, like characters acting inconsistently with their established personalities, or some very poorly written lines that were also poorly read, or the fact that focus jumps around from politics to jedi stuff to Anakin being Anakin to a whole bunch of other stuff that it's hard to tell what's going on. RLM discusses all of this.
Seems like a bold generalization.
This shit is making me physically ill. I lost hundreds of dollars trying to trade last month, so I called it quits for two weeks. Now I put the remainder of my money in "safe" investments and only a few bucks in a risky stock. All my safe ones went down 10% the past few days while the risky one is up 20%. All I did was lose more money doing the opposite strategy. I seriously want to die right now....
\&gt;taking what I say 100% seriously Do you not see my tag?
I'll tone it down, chief.
I mean, it's much more nuanced that that, having lived in predominantly Muslim countries and having witnessed the legal and societal pressures placed on women due to the religion. (Sorry to break the circlequeef)
Muslim and Arab are not the same thing, just want to say that.
My Muslimah friends from Indonesia, Malaysia, Mali, Nigeria, etc. would disagree. It's not just an Arab problem.
The religion is used as a tool though to legitimize the oppression in many instances. You're doing a disservice to feminism by ignoring the causes of repression for women worldwide. Yes, it is a complex issue with many sources of blame, but I wouldn't call Islam wholly innocent. I also don't think Islam is inherently sexist either though.
Nah, was just embarrassing to read.
True.
I'm being 100% serious. I'm down 6.88% this week alone.
I could answer that, but I know that I have no good answer for it. It basically boils down to "I don't know and because other people online said it was a good buy."
How do I invest in honesty?
$AUPH and $AMD were the only two to make gains, but they represented a whopping 5% of my portfolio.
Are you seriously expecting me to put "work" and "commitment" into my investments? As if I should be "responsible" or something? Nah, you just gotta think you're the next Warren Buffet and go for it.
In all honesty I think I just need to learn to stop being impulsive.
You also can't make a U-turn on it if you miss an exit.
You realize Muslims are the ones being attacked in this situation?
I need to meditate or something.
I wasn't debating you on that point.
Lol
Yea, I've learned my lesson. The "daily stock discussion" thread here is dangerous.
Bodybuilding isn't necessarily about looking the most aesthetically pleasing to society at large.
Reddit sure loves this video.
Society shouldn't be ran to convenience the work of its "law enforcement." Yes, there are small odds a car could get stolen, but I'd rather have the police occasionally focus on those cases rather than punish people for simply heating their car on their property. It's ridiculously authoritarian.
The burqa is not required in Islam. And even if it were, at least it's not the state. Women should in theory be able to personally decide whether or not to wear it. Obviously familial pressure can get in the way, but that's a separate issue.
&gt; would you equally argue that if someone left their firearm unsecured, unattended in public view that should be fine If it were on their private property, why not?
Well there it goes right out the window. You're not for freedom unless it's freedom for all, mate.
Is this what you do when you've run out of an actual argument?
You didn't even prove your argument. And banning articles of clothing and religious practices is less compatible with freedom than a religion itself.
&gt; Liberals justify this by claiming that Islam forces women to wear it. It's not even liberals either. Hell, there are even "conservatives" in this thread justifying the law.
I'm in my early 20s, and when I watched the movie I remember thinking "I was totally like this just half a decade ago." Linklater writes some of the most realistic teenage dialogue I have seen in any film.
&gt; Sorry, but the smoke from your exhaust goes beyond your property and affects everyone. You're arguing a totally different point now. Also, how does my logic arrive at that conclusion? You would most definitely be justified to take action against a criminal stealing your property. But the police shouldn't be telling you how to handle your property either.
&gt; But if you shout Alah Akbar in a city you get a different reaction Depends on the city.
Yes, I think this because I've lived in a Muslim country and "Allahu Akbar" is a very common phrase (it's even shout from mosques five times a day).
I think the pseudo-intellectualism is pretty on point with the way a lot of suburban teenagers behave, from my experience growing up.
You're arguing for a nanny state, which is a frightening concept.
"Allahu Akbar" is literally said in public in Muslim countries and nobody bats an eye. It's a very versatile phrase. Where do you live?
Yes, I'm against regulations. People can make their own consumer choices.
At my gym, there's only one deadlift platform, and it's attached to a squat rack. It's also the only piece of equipment on which you're allowed to use bumper plates in my gym. I usually lift in the late evening, and without fail there is *always* someone on this rack/platform when I want to start my leg/back workouts (which incorporates deadlifts). Usually they're only doing squats too, which is even more infuriating because my gym has five other squat racks that are never completely in use. Like, who needs to squat with bumper plates? So being the impatient person I am, I decided to wake up at 4:30AM today to be the first one in the gym when it opens at 5AM. I immediately sprinted to the deadlift platform to claim it as mine, and had a glorious, quiet, stress-free workout. I was even more in the zone because I had no excuse to use my phone between sets. Now I need to make a decision. Do I continue going to the gym in the morning? I actually feel really refreshed right now and ready for work, plus now I don't have to worry about going to the gym in the evening. However, I have a feeling getting up at 4:30 will continue to become more difficult as it becomes more routine. Ah, the things I'll do to avoid crowds...
You ignored them.
Fitness is very easy in the US. Just don't eat bad food...
&gt; Being 1% body fat and toned is useless for almost anything other than showing you're able to commit to a routine. Okay, but this dude in the gif is guaranteed at least 25% body fat. There's a healthy medium.
Yea, 6:15 is around my usual wake up time. I only think it'll get more difficult because I was particularly energized this morning since it was a new experience. It's like how people become less sedated when they regularly shake up their routine.
It's just an odd request.
This still got thousands of upvotes though.
You just risk greater odds of having a bad roommate.
Do you need to go to law school this round?
What's wrong with working for a year?
Ah, understandable. But if you're not confident in getting a good LSAT score would it be worth going to a school not up to par with your goals?
Those implications are fresh.
You need a safe space?
Fair enough!
8.5 hours of sleep?!
4:30AM: Wake up 4:50AM: Walk to gym 5:00AM: Lift 6:00AM: Go home 6:10AM: Shower 6:30AM: Eat breakfast 7:15AM: Leave for work 7:30AM: Get to work 5:00PM: Leave work 5:15PM: Get home 5:30PM: Do LSAT studying 6:30PM: Dinner/whatever 10:00PM: Bed
&gt; My husband was serving his sentence at the same time. So did you commit the same crime together? Edit: I don't care about your lame TV show references.
&gt; And for those who say there is a gender disparity in sentencing, we got the same sentence, even though my role was smaller. Anecdotal evidence isn't sufficient proof against statistical data.
Would you be comfortable stating what the crime was exactly? Or would that be too much detail to share?
Thanks!
I'm not invalidating her experience; sorry if I came across that way. Nevertheless, there are plenty of studies out there that suggest men receive longer sentences for the same crime on the average. These result are undoubtedly inconclusive and I remain a skeptic, but it's still foolish to believe one's personal experience disproves a general trend.
&gt; Trump did ~8x better than Romney with every demographic except white people. Source? Edit: I'm actually going to break this down. Race | Romney | Trump | Difference :- | :- | :- | :- White | 59% | 58% | -1% (1.7% decrease) Black | 6% | 8% | +2% (33.3% increase) Asian | 26% | 29% | +3% (11.5% increase) Other | 38% | 35% | -1% (2.6% decrease) Hispanic | 27% | 29% | +2% (7.4% increase) I don't see any racial demographic increasing by 800%.
Stellar argument.
Well, I just reread this statement he wrote: &gt; Trumps absolute conversion rate for minorities was 8x greater than his conversion rate for whites. I don't exactly know what he means by an "absolute conversion rate." I guess he's stating that the percentage increase in the proportion of each minority race voting for Trump was 8x higher than white people, which is true for each race besides the "Other" category. I don't really see this as much of an indicator of anything, especially if minority voter participation decreased this election from 2012. Either way, it's *highly* misleading to state that Trump did 8x better than Romney among all non-white racial demographics.
True, but I've stated in other comments that I personally don't endorse one argument over another on this particular issue. I think there are multiple studies out there indicating differing results. I was mainly arguing on the principle of the issue: if you're going to counter an argument, use actual facts, not personal stories.
lol
This is amazing. I honestly didn't think it would happen.
Their fertility rates have been steadily dropping over the past few decades. Stop parading around your ignorance.
Okay? China's fertility rate is 1.66 though, which will be devastatingly low for future generations, and India's is 2.50, which is just slightly above the rate of perfect replacement (~2.33). So no, there's nothing wrong with them when it comes to having children. If anything, the Chinese need to have more if they don't want their economy to crumble in the coming decades due to a large elderly population and smaller young generation.
I'm both happy this happened but upset it had to happen.
What was the most transformative experience of your life?
I'm pretty confident it's safer to hit deer than swerve to avoid them. She made the right move.
It reminds me when I worked customer service in high school. Whenever I made a small mistake at the register, people would ask "first day?" This happened even after working there for over a year...
Let's just stop by the job emporium and get a new job!
Who are "these people"? I criticize Obama's foreign policy pretty consistently and also advocate for more refugee admittance into the United States. These views aren't unique among my political and social circles.
&gt; Don't forget the source for more troops now than pre-Iraq war. From 1997 to 2000, we had [24,850 troops](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/pentagon/maps/8.html) in the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia combined. This was the best statistic I could find for immediately before 9/11. In 2015, we had about [54,600 troops](http://time.com/4075458/afghanistan-drawdown-obama-troops/) in the same region (Afghanistan + Area of Responsibility). I hope those sources meet your standards.
It's still racist. You're applying specific traits to the couple that sat behind you simply because they were black; otherwise, you would have no reason to state their race. You're playing into the "loud, black movie goer" stereotype, which, while seemingly harmless, can still be damaging and offensive.
&gt; I give to the poor, help people in need, rescue puppers I see on the road and never even think of calling the press and go "look at me"! Idk. But you feel the need to announce those deeds in a reddit comment?
It's just disgusting to see how so many fall victim to his cult of personality that he built over the years. It takes a true sociopath to allow some of the things he allowed.
Didn't do what? Also, that doesn't refute my criticisms.
I know, and it's why it's my favorite prequel. People say it's the worst of the prequels, but all of them are so terrible from a writing and directing standpoint that I can't really rank them in that regard. *Attack of the Clones* keeps me entertained at least. There so much development of the Star Wars universe in that film, and it certainly does not follow the typical Star Wars formula. We get to see Anakin go from Coruscant to Naboo to Tatooine to Geonosis, and Obi Wan also going to Kamino. We see urban street life in the Star Wars universe for the first time. We see the first large (and the only, I believe) Jedi battle in the film series, and are introduced to a Sith Lord that actually talks. I could go on. I find myself falling asleep in *The Phantom Menace* by the time the pod racing is over, and that's only halfway through the film, and *Revenge of the Sith* is the dullest, least interesting of the three, since it tries so hard to be dark and spends half of the scenes focusing on people talking on couches in Coruscant.
All these downvotes are so discouraging, too. They all fell for it.
Can you explain to me how Harding himself was corrupt?
Went to the Women's March today!
Is that the best you got?
Have a good day.
What don't you understand?
&gt; It was totally a positive vibe. Besides the "Kill the Man" sign. That is kind of in poor taste.
It's to spread awareness about the issues so constituents become more active about them and to keep the issues at the forefront of the nation's mind until 2018 and 2020.
Want me to post my pics?
Yes, and pro-life legislation, socially conservative Supreme Court nominees, unqualified and corrupt cabinet choices, normalization of sexual assault, etc. are all current ongoing issues in government and society.
Well shit.
I think it's unnecessary. You won't need stamina for two tests and it's just wasting good PTs. If you want to test your limits, add in two extra "experimental" sections rather than one from the earlier tests. That'll help mimic the actual time of the LSAT since there's the essay component.
I mean, I recently took PT77 and did just fine. Not trying to make you feel bad, but it's not really going to do yourself any good blaming it on the test. Remember that it's graded on a curve.
Hello. :) I voted for Gary Johnson and work in the public sector as well. I'd love to answer any questions you may have about these seemingly contradictive actions! It makes complete sense from my point of view.
What's wrong with intelligent people working in the private sector?
True, sorry for the snarky phrasing of my question. I just wanted to see your position elaborated further!
Private sector jobs are *not* just corporate jobs. An ACLU attorney is working in the private sector, for instance.
Corporations that provide the goods and services upon which you rely in society?
Unionization can be private though and still be strong. Also, gangs are not libertarian in any sense. They rule through coercion and aggression, which goes directly against libertarian principles.
&gt; [The ACLU is non-profit and non-partisan. **We do not receive any government funding. Member dues and contributions and grants from private foundations and individuals pay for the work we do.** The ACLU, with headquarters in New York City, litigates across the nation and all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. Our Washington, D.C., legislative office lobbies the U.S. Congress. We use strategic communications to educate the public about issues. And the ACLU has expanded its reach by applying international human rights standards in our complex Post 9/11 world. A number of national projects address specific civil liberties issues: AIDS, capital punishment, lesbian and gay rights, immigrants' rights, prisoners' rights, reproductive freedom, voting rights, women's rights and workplace rights.](https://www.aclu.org/guardians-freedom) I know it's a non-profit. It's still private sector employment.
Well, then we're conflating two definitions of public. I recognize that the ACLU is a public interest law institution. Economically speaking though, it's private sector. For the record, I'm on the same page as you. I don't wish to ever work for a corporation.
&gt; employ modern day slavery in third world nations As someone who has actually lived in the third world, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this expanded.
Those describe the average Christians?
And you wonder why you can't get a girlfriend.
&gt; While she was studying I decided to play guitar hero 3, which I play on the 360 controller and she took a break and saw I was dominating Cliffs of Dover on expert Did you ever FC it?
I dislike seeing fellow followers of Christ acting so judgmental and bigoted...
I used to be a freshmen RA, and I had a parent call me once to tell me I needed to tie her son's tie whenever he needed to wear a suit (spoiler: I didn't). He would also leave for home every Thursday night and return every Sunday with his mother, who would then do his laundry and clean his dorm room for him. How will someone like that function after college?
Another terrible comment: &gt; [Al sharpton, and Jeremiah wright are the most racist people on the planet and one of them was an advisor to the president and was at the white house everyday [+29]](https://www.reddit.com/r/facepalm/comments/5q1h8g/college_girl_claims_shes_uncovered_an_active_kkk/dcvr1v8/?context=2) Yes, those two civil rights leaders are the **most racist** people on the **entire** planet...
Not really, since he just ended up being extremely antisocial and awkward the whole year. His mother was also very racist and kept complaining to me about how his son's roommate was from Hong Kong. I had to get him relocated to another room to get her to shut up, and when she saw the new roommate also had an Asian last name she flipped out over the phone. The new roommate was American; he just had Asian heritage. My boss told her to fuck off.
Well, this come down to free will vs. determinism. God does not dictate mankind's action. Are humans' fates pre-determined though? Calvinists believe so, and so do I to a certain extent.
Does Jeb have a Southern accent?
Going to law school to be in politics is a terrible idea.
I fortunately had a mother that never did my chores and rarely cooked for me after the age of 12-13. It helped me a lot in life.
Don't you think it's odd to want to be a public servant when you've not even really lived as an adult in our society yet? Are you in university?
Sorry to hear! What level of school of you in?
We should sit down and chill sometime then.
That would be an excellent point if they hadn't advertised themselves as the last bastion of free speech on reddit.
&gt; Called a tongue in cheek comment. I certainly don't remember it coming across that way.
Here is what we call mental gymnastics.
Well, it's a popular enough song! (I think)
I cannot admit that unless I see convincing regression analyses indicating such, which would also require us waiting a few more years to see celebrity deaths in 2017, 2018, etc.
Would you like me to direct you to other comments discussing such aspects of her life? :)
Well, you'd need to have an established trend both before and after one data point to determine whether or not it is a true anomaly. For all we know, celebrity deaths could keep increasing by year.
If you sort by top comments, mine is the only highly upvoted one to quote the lyrics though.
What are the qualifications for being on that website?
Most of the famous deaths were people 60+.
He did 58 years ago.
How do I know if I'm going to have one?
I got banned from /r/Republican for six months for "spreading leftist ideals" because I challenged someone's claim that "the majority of Americans don't care about Trump's tax returns." When I asked the head mod of the subreddit to show proof of my "leftist ideals," he responded with a link to my entire comment history. I've been a lifelong proponent of small government, so I found it very insulting to say the least. Apparently questioning false statistical claims is a leftist quality...
/r/Republican *is* that bad. I can share screenshots if you care enough, haha. I got banned by the head mod for "spreading leftist ideals" because I challenged a questionable statistic.
"DAE I don't get angry when humans get killed but if someone hurts a dog I want to see them get executed?!"
Voting for the candidate you want to be President is *not* a protest vote.
I can care about multiple things to varying degrees, my friend. Your comment history also indicates you're against refugee intakes, and presumably a Trump supporter. So of course you wouldn't personally care about this. I have different views than you on the subject though, hence my different reaction. There's no need for any hostility.
The "throwing your vote away" argument is an entirely different one from what you brought up. My point is that it's not always a protest vote to vote third party. I wasn't protesting any candidate. I simply voted for who I most wanted to hold the office, which is what everyone should do. If less people thought the way you did, then third party candidates would have a chance.
I check comment histories if I suspect a particular bias, because it helps me understand the nature of our discussion better. I didn't attack you for your beliefs. Something doesn't have to impact my life for me to care about it. It's not as though I'm super excited about this obscure celebrity protesting the Oscars. I just think it's the right thing to do on her part, and since I can identify with her motives, I care about the story.
I am also against Trump's travel ban.
How do I check if I have one? Is it worth going even if I have no symptoms?
Can you show me the theorem proving its objectivity? Or a regression analysis with a p-value at absolute 0? Are you willing to argue this with someone who has actually done quantitative academic research in the political science field?
You've clearly not read these studies carefully. Either that, or your don't understand the definition of objectivity. First study: &gt; Britain is a highly nationalized party system, but one that has **moved substantially away from Duvergerian predictions** of two-party focusing, and towards multi-party politics. The USA seems to be a case of ‘stunted development’. And **India shows a partial Duvergerian conformity, yet combined with a substantial vertical scatter of non-Duvergerian results.** Applications to over-time and regional analysis within countries are also sketched. The second paper better supports Duverger, but it's important to recognize that it's only incorporating data from a Brazilian mayoral election. Its results are significant at the 5% level (not objective), indicating that there's a positive relationship between a change from double ballot to single ballot and citizens voting for majority party candidates over third party candidates. I think it's an interesting way to quantify the phenomenon, but ultimately these results only tell us the effects of election formats on voting patterns in a very localized area. The third paper is rather short; I'm positive it's only a summary of Duverger's work. I cannot make any good judgments though since no data or models are presented in detail. He seems to indicate a lot though that two party systems are not always inevitable in majority vote elections. Your Wikipedia article supports this. It literally says "Duverger himself did not regard his principle as absolute." under the Counterexamples section. So no, I hardly find Duverger's law to be an objective, infallible law of political science. Those papers seem to support me on this, as does Duverger himself.
Yes to the first two. I'm not supportive of our welfare system.
Sounds pretty bigoted.
I don't care so long as they don't aggress against me. I don't believe in cultural and national identity being intertwined. I've also lived in predominantly Muslim countries before and it didn't bother me there.
He was not as bad as Trump or Clinton though. I'm strongly non-interventionist for one, and Trump and Clinton both have whacky ideas about trade and federal spending. I agree that Johnson was an incompetent fool. I could not morally vote for anyone though that I knew would further American military activity abroad.
You deal with that on a case by case basis.
Never said that.
Have you considered that maybe people have different priorities on different issues? Again, why can't you debate this without resorting to ad hominem? I am against the United States being a world power and the ACA, first off. Secondly, excuse me for not sacrificing my beliefs to vote for someone who would have most likely caused more deaths to innocent civilians in the Middle East. It's easy to be okay with this when you don't have friends over there as I do, or when you fall victim to nationalism. Trump and Clinton were on track to continue terrible and authoritarian policy decisions in this country, just in different ways. Enjoy your outrage culture though. &gt; the fall of our Republic as we know it Gave me a good laugh.
Why? Wouldn't rehabilitation be better?
Do Hawaiians want sovereignty?
Glad you found the time to calm down.
Is that rhetorical?
This happened to me before September as well and I ended up scoring the worst I had ever done since my diagnostic on that LSAT. I'm feeling awful right now... I'm not even overworking myself. I only study maybe an hour a day at this point... Also, ignore the BRs. I do them differently.
How the hell did you do the lacquer passage? Also, RC tips in general? I average around 5 wrong on the recent tests.
How do you know they didn't vote? Also, New York was going blue no matter what, lol.
I'm about to start my cut this week. It's gonna be awful.
"You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor” - Exodus 20:16
&gt; This bitch doesn't die She dies before the plane crashed.
Leslie Arzt
Billy Dee Williams
Just started a cut. How do I eat 200g of protein in 2100kc/day?
Get a job and buy your own food. I had to do it in high school.
I was told to eat 1 gram per 1 pound of body weight.
Don't worry, one day you too will be able to shape a reasonable argument that will gain the respect of those who read it!
Her death is why Michael gets Walt, remember?
When will people learn that they're not inherently better than someone simply for being born within certain borders?
???
Well, I truthfully would prefer not to have xenophobes and bigots leaving near me, but I don't believe the state should be regulating who can live where.
You have every right not to buy from them; Starbucks has every right to hire them.
False dichotomy.
That doesn't mean all refugees are going to try to impose Sharia law onto Americans. I've lived in a predominately Muslim country and while I didn't support their government I also never felt threatened for having premarital sex or eating non halal foods, etc. I feel as though refugees have greater things to worry about, anyways.
Eternal is a strong word.
You can promote other libertarian principles with open borders.
Yea, let's hire actual murderers.
It's nationalistic.
They're willing to though, and that's bad enough.
What PT has an LR with 27 questions?!
k
Why do you care so much about being right?
I just think it's odd how much time you're dedicating to responding to these comments.
No, you cannot use pen.
The conclusion of this argument is that "few serious ecological problems will be solved unless the solutions are made economically enticing." We are also told that the **only** two ways for serious ecological problems to be solved is either through government mismanagement or changes in consumer habits (which in turn necessitate solutions being economically enticing). So, if we are being told that unless solutions are made economically enticing, few serious ecological problems will be solved, that tells us that if we are not able to change consumer habits, few serious ecological problems will be solved. What is the implication of this? How does the author jump to such a conclusion? Well, if government mismanagement is the **only** other way to achieve these ecological solutions, the author is clearly assuming that government mismanagement will be solving very few ecological problems in the future (which is stated in answer A). Otherwise, there would be no real reason to believe the conclusion stated. (C) is absolutely a necessary assumption for the argument to proceed, but it still doesn't tell us enough to fill the gap between the premises given and the author's conclusions.
N U A N C E D &amp; S U B T L E
Why not go to a hospital?
True, but Comcast isn't going anywhere soon.
NBCU = NBCUniversal. Huge content creator in terms of movies studios (Universal) and television networks (NBC, USA, Syfy etc.). OTT = Over-the-top content. Basically television accessible through internet rather than through a traditional cable service. A big example is Hulu.
Even if you don't like his music, Dave Grohl seems like an alright guy.
&gt; I compose music for film for a living Any films we would know?
Will it count if I wrote "inquistion" for inquisition? lol Also, was the Rome governing body just "Roman Senate"?
Was it "House of Commons" or Parliament?
Fuck. I just assumed they wouldn't have 600+ people since it sounds fancier. Guess I'm not going on this round.
&gt; Strunk wrote The Elements of Style I figured this out last minute and wrote "t e e;lmnts o stl" Do you think it'll count?
Yea.
How many do I need to get right to move on? Did better than usual but I might only be in the mid 30s at best.
Nevermind, I failed miserably. Such a fucking idiot. It sucks cause I'm really good at vocal recall but typing answers is too hard for me.
&gt; Cyrano de Bergerac wtf
Red fed
&gt; and I've gotten 48s, a 49 That doesn't get you an automatic invite to Jeopardy? lol
Susan B Anthony
Says the manchild generalizing the maturity levels of billions of people simply for having the audacity to believe in a faith.
Thank you. Unfortunately no one will really care about what you have to say because it doesn't fit their "white countries good, muslim countries bad" narrative, but what you witnessed and experienced is very similar to what I saw in the UAE.
I do think for myself. And those thoughts brought me to my faith.
That's not documented proof of slavery.
A truly intelligent person wouldn't resort to blanket generalizations.
No, you won't know the order unless you sneak a glance at the pages ahead.
Diagnostic - 161 (The Official LSAC PT) Highest PT - 180 (PT80) Actual - 165 (Sept 2016); 173 (Feb 2017) Gonna retake once more next week.
I chose my faith based on my beliefs, not the other way around. I don't feel limited because one of the tenets of my faith is that nobody can be expected to be perfect. We can only try our best.
I love my step mom. :(
Glad I didn't follow that advice, to be honest.
I never complained about the costs.
Why do you care where I pray?
Still. I'd be burning out at that rate.
What the fuck is with the black face stick figures?
&gt; they'd move to some other third world country And then conditions continually improve worldwide. The third world can't out-compete the first world in every job sector. It's literally impossible.
&gt; The tourists would never lane split during rush hour on Massachusetts Ave DC? There's literally no bike lane on Massachusetts Ave in downtown so I'm kinda forced to bike on the street during rush hour.
The problem is when I bike to the far right, I've had too many cars just stop, park, or get really close to the curb, which ends with me either having to crash, brake suddenly and get stuck behind them, or go around them without stopping.
Nah man, you just waltz into the Secretary of State building, show them your multi-tongue form, and they'll be begging you to join the Foreign Service. It's not like you have to pass an initial test, then pass a personal narrative writing section, then getting invited to a group interview, pass that, then get invited to an individual interview, pass that, then get placed on a list for 18 months and hope you get called for an open position. Just learn a language!
When you're reduced to arguing semantics, you have a weak argument.
Do me.
Because it's impossible for a country to have a competitive advantage in every sector.
Be an RA. No way they're making you work 16 hour days, 7 days a week for a month. You'll find time.
I don't mind sirens cause it's a consistent noise. Whispering is unpredictable.
&gt; So you must either believe that Americans are naturally (and not thanks to their learned skills or education) 127 times more productive than Hatians I do believe this, especially in most sectors that required skilled labor. It's actually a pretty reasonable assertion. &gt; The only thing protecting our cushy US jobs are artificial trade barriers. Trade barriers are actually preventing the cushy jobs from expanding and being more prevalent in the US economy. If we can't compete on the global market we're missing out on a lot of consumer demand.
Why? There's nothing misleading about it.
Civil liberties, but no focus as of yet. I like free speech, privacy, transparency, and anti-death penalty advocacy.
How is it unrealistic for people to choose to put their family at risk to do the right thing? It might not be what you would personally do, but it's a real possibility for many. I would take the guy in.
Tribalism is the root cause of most of humanity's problems (barring natural disasters).
To be fair, I'd probably just move out of the country if this happened in real life. Crisis averted.
Good luck!
We've taken the same tests.
Got a 173 in Feb. Been PTing consistently between 175-178 since then and haven't dipped below 173 on any PTs. So there's a good chance I'll be able to earn a few more points.
Don't bother grading it. Sept 2016 (PT79) was my first real LSAT and I scored like 7 points below my average in the weeks leading up to it. It was awful.
She didn't threaten to bomb anything. She said she was going to do something really big. That could mean anything. Allowing the government to read between the lines and arrest someone based off assumptions is a dangerous amount of power to give them...
It does to me. Questioning people becomes a game of psychological manipulation. Plenty are practically coerced into a confession in these practices. Unless the government has **solid** evidence of an actual threat, they shouldn't be able to just forcibly snatch up citizens like that.
Have you gone to law school? The difference does matter...
Still could do better though. Apparently going up 3 points would double my scholarship at some schools according to myLSN. That bothers the fuck out of me.
Good luck.
True, I would say it's foolish to pretend Yale is an objectively better option than Harvard for everyone.
No, not really. If your private actions or estate infringe upon someone else's personal liberty or threatens someone's life, you're committing an act of aggression, which is not supported by libertarianism. Slavery is not a institution supported under traditional libertarian ideals, and anybody who thinks otherwise should educate themselves more on the subject.
Why should people be forced to serve customers they don't want to on property they own? If anything, I'd rather the racists out themselves. But I agree the NAP is pretty flimsy. I'm not personally a libertarian, and that's one of the reasons why. Too many weirdos justifying killing people who commit petty theft.
&gt; And if you can use your property to violate someone's right to be free from discrimination, what's stopping you from violating the rest of their rights? What's stopping you from driving your car into a crowd of people? It's your car, isn't it? Because you presumably don't own the land on which you're driving, and even if you did, killing people unprovoked is generally regarded as wrong. I think it's pretty easy to make clear cut distinctions in this field. The slippery slope argument isn't really convincing me of anything. &gt; Are you saying you can't violate rights through inaction? I'm saying giving the government the capabilities to force interaction among citizens is effectively legitimizing a nanny-state, which I'd prefer not to have. &gt; In the same way making murder illegal doesn't get rid of murder. Does that mean we should legalize murder? &gt; Legalizing it could help de-stigmatize it. Which would be terrible. This isn't comparable. Making murder illegal targets the concept it wishes to end. Anti-discrimination laws do not make racism illegal. They make the act of refusing service to someone based on certain characteristics illegal. My point is that I think this fosters more racism because it leads to people internalizing those feelings rather than confronting them. I don't think we can prove it's led to net benefit for society. Instead of outing themselves explicitly and being confronted, racist business owners will continue to hold onto their beliefs and pass it onto other generations, who will then become politicians, cops, military, etc. who may do a lot more to oppress PoC.
I just read this message now and was like "WAIT, IT'S ONLY SUNDAY?!" Then I saw when you submitted it.
&gt; I hate how you can't bring earplugs with you to the testing centre This dude behind me was coughing at a rate of once every 10 seconds. Honestly, I think that should be grounds for termination.
My proctor was awful. He tried to cut our break to ten minutes, and kept walking in and out of the room during the test. Also took us an hour and fifteen minutes to start the test because he kept going off on tangents.
What if I told you it would reduce traffic and potentially make our city a more attractive shopping destination for people in the suburbs?
Were you in the same room? That was probably the worst testing situation of the three LSATs I've taken. Admittedly, it wasn't *awful*, but there was definitely more distractions than I would have liked.
Yea, that was rough. I guess him being super friendly made up for some of it. He definitely wasn't strict, which has its advantages.
What the fuck? That sounds like the best proctor ever.
If you file a complaint you might get to retake for free.
G Street represent!
The passages were more interesting, though. But yea, not an easy experimental.
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
Cheer up, King Jasper!
This person posts in /r/CrusaderKings
RIP
You should definitely start PTs. It's one thing to know about question types, but a lot of your progress (I'd venture to say most of it) rests on your ability to take full length tests comfortably and to become acquainted with the general format. It's extremely important to begin picking up on your test taking habits and to learn what approaches best work for you. You'll only get this by taking PTs. Start out taking at least one every other week in actual conditions (e.g. Timed and with a 5th section added on). You'll be glad you did come the actual test.
Jeez, you're like a walking stereotype...
A lot of people in the room were enabling him, lol.
Sept. 2016 brought out of the best of us.
One of the best things about *Reservoir Dogs* is that I honestly was not sure whether or not the cop would leave the warehouse alive. Tarantino did a good job keeping the story tense and unpredictable.
I remember having a moment in 11th grade when I thought to myself "man, all these people on /b/ are losers," and then having a sudden realization that I was in fact one of those losers. Two and a half year partaking in that toxic excuse for a community really set me back in high school both academically and emotionally. Fortunately, I soon left the website permanently after that realization and began steering myself in the right direction. Never looked back. Well, barring one time: my sophomore year of college year I revisited /b/ out of curiosity to see if it had changed. As expected, it didn't. Still the same mindless, hateful, vitriolic content, and I'm left still wondering why people continue to post there.
Relevance?
I know... What I'm saying is that I was on edge throughout the movie.
Guess you're no better than them, then.
Barely. And I think a lot of city voters were discouraged from voting cause we had four hour lines in densely populated places (which is ridiculous). My dad wanted to vote for Hillary but literally didn't have time in the day to do it without getting fired.
&gt; A dog isn't a human being... THANK YOU
Seriously. If anyone says they'd kill a stranger over their dog, I assume they're a pretty awful, antisocial person.
&gt; active in /r/CringeAnarchy
&gt; In all of recorded ancestry, not one man in my family - mom's side or dad's - has made it to 70. Why?
&gt; I'll be a K-JD and I see no reason to waste a year of my life bullshitting around. I've always known law school was the ultimate goal for myself personally. And I don't see why anyone who is certain about law school would take a gap year unless it was to retake the LSAT and get in somewhere better or to get more scholarship money. I don't see how anybody can be certain about law school though unless they've spent actual time working in the legal field around attorneys. If you haven't, then you really don't know what being a lawyer entails, and it'd be foolish to commit to the career path. Also, sometimes people just need a break from school. Nothing wrong with that.
I don't know. I work in DC and a good amount of the attorneys with whom I work graduated from non-T14 schools in places like Florida, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Illinois, etc. I don't think it's an impossible feat.
I'm probably contributing far more to this world than your dogs, so that'd be rather uneconomical. That's also just a disgusting thing to do. Congrats on being a shitty, selfish human. I'd kill my dog over you any day of the week, bud! Shit, I'd kill a truckload of dogs. They're just animals. Human lives are infinitely more sacred. Thoughts on this matter, /u/tjhovr?
Indeed!
If I take a week off will I lose all my muscle?
Well I actually plan on starting a cut after this week. But I really fucking hate doing PPL at this point and can't stand another week of it. I think I just need to recuperate and find a good routine for my cut.
For me, going to the gym six days a week is depressing. It limits what I can do on the weekends and makes me feel obligated to go to the gym during lunch at work so I can have a free evening, which is also getting annoying since I have to bike to my gym in the summer heat and return sweaty to the office.
No need to be so upset.
&gt; Nsuns I can never get a clear answer as to what this routine entails.
And for 5 sets, I presume? Also, for accessories, I just invent my routine?
Visualize watching yourself procrastinate in third person. Usually I get angry enough at myself that I snap out of it and begin my work.
Because undergraduate degrees are a lot more malleable than JDs. If you get a law degree, it effectively serves one purpose: to be a lawyer. Most undergraduate degrees can lead to a variety of job opportunities.
That's why I count them all up at the end.
I have an acquaintance going to HLS who worked on the Trump campaign. He's clearly doing it just to work his way into the GOP. I have no doubt that he recognizes how full of shit Trump is, although he'll obviously never say it.
My point is when you get a 4 year degree, there's a general understanding that a lot of job opportunities in different fields will be available to you. It's not so rigid. But when you get a JD, the only door that really open is being an attorney (and eventually a couple other things like law teaching or law school administration). Getting a 4 year degree is basically meant to give you access to the general skilled labor job market, so the only thing you have to be sure about is whether or not you want to be working in a skilled job, which is far easier to determine.
You can't "bomb" a diagnostic, mate. You have five months to prep? I recommend spending one month reading through the PowerScore Bible to acquaint yourself with the test. Then find some supplemental reading and do a mixture of timed/untimed practice sections for another month. Then in the last three months start taking a PT every Saturday morning in timed, realistic conditions. The biggest hurdle for you will be getting comfortable with getting through the entire test and learning the best habits for you to perform well throughout.
Nothing.
Don't hurt their fragile, jingoistic hearts.
Very disturbing to say the least...
I figured he was proud to see his grandson in uniform, which is indeed disturbing. I'm the one lacking basic human empathy because I'm against war? How about the "brave" and "honorable" men we have overseas killing thousands of innocent civilians every year? Or our leaders who shamelessly continue our hawkish agendas and put more young Americans' lives at stake? I guess to you they're swell people.
The difference is I'm not resorting to ad hominem.
&gt; So if a country gets ruined by a series of earthquakes and can't help themselves, they should be left without enough aid? You're implying that military intervention would be the only way for this aid to come through. I don't support any policies that promotes the hegemony or supremacy of any nation's military, which include being seen as an international response team during times of crisis. I think the dynamics which arise from such a role create too many problems to justify it.
I'm rarely offended. I just tell people when I think they're wrong. And again, resorting to ad hominem.
Well, it's not exactly the "same God" per se, as Christians believe in the Trinity. But yes, Allah stems from the same Abrahamic conception of a monotheistic deity as "God" in the Jewish or Christian sense.
I'll watch the video later, but I will say that I'm not arguing that there shouldn't be a toppling of the dictatorial regime in that country. I just don't believe that interventionist policy will make the situation any better.
It's a legitimate criticism. Would you prefer me to say something like "attacks the source of the claim instead of the claim itself"? Anyway I say it, it's a poor argumentative strategy. Nothing immature about pointing it out.
Support people joining the military and presumably the actions of the military.
So being poor is an excuse to go off and contribute to an institution that kills innocent people? No one is forced to join the military in the US, and I can't fathom any scenario where it's the only option for anyone. My combined household income when I was a senior in high school was $17,000, and I never once felt pressured to run off and join the army. There are plenty of other opportunities for those willing to look. I never claimed they were stripped of personality.
&gt; are you aware that a large portion of the military is dedicated to disaster relief and infastructure development? Yes, I am. Already discussing this in another portion of this comment section.
Good luck on exams!
Terrorists are winning because we are creating an environment in which they can thrive. If we weren't bombing the hell out of the Middle East, they'd have less alienated youth from which they could draw recruits. And if we weren't so reactionary or defeatist in our policies against terrorism by reducing civil liberties at home and increasing military spending abroad, terrorists wouldn't feel as emboldened as they do now. But now that we've shown them that we care and are willing to change our policies because of them, this just encourages more violence. If being against the killing of innocent civilians and hawkish foreign policy makes me a pussy, then so be it. May I ask what you've done to make the world a safer place?
&gt; Just don't talk to her. Uh, he's 22 and living under her roof.
wtf
I've already presented my argument. This is just me exhibiting frustration now. And I did do well on the LSAT, thanks.
&gt; You specifically said that it's foolish to commit to a certain path **without fully knowing what it entails.** I never said that though! I said it's foolish to commit to law school without knowing what being an attorney entails, which neither implies that I was applying this rule to all degrees nor that it has to be a full understanding. What makes law school different is that your choices afterwards are very limited with the degree you're getting, hence why it's more important to be sure that you're okay with those choices.
It's going to be -10.
I suppose if December was -11 then maybe -10 is too harsh, but LSAC never fails to disappoint.
To build off the discussion of risk, what I'm saying is getting an undergraduate degree with no proper insight into careers within the field of your degree is less risky than getting a JD with no proper insight into law careers. There's also the fact that the first couple years of undergrad often allow people to determine and switch majors at no extra cost, which I incorporate into this risk assessment. If you want to take the risk, you do you. I'm really glad I took a couple years off to do paralegal work, since I feel a lot more confident about what it means to be an attorney.
So something is a job only if someone's forced to do it?
I don't wish to live in your poorly thought-out conception of the "real world," where apparently the only way to have a job is to be a slave according to your logic.
And now Type II diabetes is a major health issue there!
Try again.
LAPIDUS! HE SURVIVES EXPLOSIONS BECAUSE HE'S THE ONLY PILOT!
The bit on Amir Shervan's death had me on the ground.
Yea, he told me multiple times that he was considering dropping me from the program, often times in front of other students. I'm lucky I even made it through the year, haha.
Yea, he was about 1/3 of my references. You want to know the sick part of all this? I wasn't even a grad student. This was undergrad. I have no clue why they took it so seriously.
I mean, it's definitely a crucial way to define relationships in the world of social sciences. Qualitative research isn't without value but I do think quantitative findings offer more to academia in field like economics and political science.
Someone clearly doesn't experience Hell's Itch.
It was a departmental issue.
I had to write a thesis for my degree.
What's wrong with CA/NY? Those are two totally different states so it's weird to group them as the undesirables lol.
Ah, grew up in one and did undergrad in another?
Vegans?
NYU has additional full ride opportunities like Root-Tilden and AnBryce, but you have to apply separately.
On the 4 day nsuns variant, how am I supposed to track OHP progress?
If your food preferences consist of statements such as "a person from X nationality/ethnicity can never cook Y food well" then yes, it's pretty bigoted. That's not a food preference. That's blanket discrimination.
&gt; They usually seem ... oddly proud of it too, like it's commendable and not despicable. It's because they believe it makes them sound wiser and more intellectual, as if they understand the "true nature" of humanity.
&gt; Rescue dog that finds trapped bodies and saves humans vs a junkie rapist? Yes, I would value the junkie rapist. Your dogs are going to die soon and likely will contribute nothing to society other than personal pleasure to you. People are capable of much more than that, plus most people have parents/spouses/siblings that you're now making suffer through a major loss just so you can experience a few more years of pleasure with your pet. Very shortsighted and callous. It's one step above killing a random person over destroying your video game console.
&gt; and they've made me a better person Evidently not good enough, since you'd commit murder for a dog. &gt; Dogs are sentient beings capable of empathy, which is more than you can say about many junkie rapists or other psychopaths. Committing wrongdoing doesn't make a person devoid of emotion or hopelessly irredeemable. You seem to be exactly the type of person about which I was talking. The cynic who irrationally hates humanity and would rather engage with animals than people. It's not a healthy mentality.
You sound like an old neckbeard.
Are you a professional SWBF2 player?
Yea, and people try hard to justify it when it was clearly just laziness.
What the legitimate fuck.
I just stopped doing PPL, where I was squatting six sets a week, and started nsuns 4 day, where I squatted nine sets just yesterday. During these sets I felt like my spine was going to snap. I'd never felt this discomfort throughout my 1.5 years of squatting. Today the center of my upper back is in unbearable pain. Moving my arms around makes it sting a lot, and even walking was pretty painful. What did I do wrong?
My form felt fine, and I think even improved in the later sets since there was less weight. The pressure came mainly from sets 2-4, the heaviest ones. It felt like the barbell was pushing down and bending my spine. This was during the squat, yes. I didn't do anything differently in form. Just higher weight (cause of lower reps) and volume.
&gt; and your bodily autonomy is not something they should have overriding control over. But the government should have overriding control over it?
A civilized society doesn't force people to do thing at gunpoint.
Next Thursday (June 6th) at 11:59PM EST.
It's coercion.
Studying 8 hours a day sounds like a waste of time to me.
You're going to regret wasting all those recent PTs...
Yea, but it only goes up to PT81. If you're going to do timed sections and not full-length exams, you should be using older tests like in the 40s or 50s. Otherwise you're going to run out of more recent tests to use as full-length, realistic practice exams when you get closer to your actual test day.
Grey day is going to be July 5th, hate to tell you. If I've learned anything, it's that LSAC never does what you want it to do.
Dr. Arzt.
Leo would make a terrible Riddler.
Well, I remain skeptical. I've also just never been a fan of Leo.
I mean, I do see a lot of condescension from white people who compliment PoC at an excessive rate in order to compensate for something. I think it can be a legitimate concern...
* Today, 0.01% * Tomorrow, 0.02% * Saturday, 0.00% * Sunday, 0.00% * Monday, 10.00% * Tuesday, 1.00% * Wednesday, 83.97% * Thursday, 5.00%
Superhero films are dumb as fuck.
Tobey's Spider-Man is amazing.
Just tried front squats today for the first time, and I couldn't do more than a few sets before giving up. I tried clean grip and my wrist felt like they were gonna break. Then I did cross grip for the few sets I did them and the bar kept digging into my shoulders and marginally sliding forward. I also could barely breathe with the barbell against my neck. Any alternatives to this exercise or suggestions?
No reason. Just switched from PPL to nsuns 4 day and the 4th day calls for front squats.
True. I was doing 140lb cause that's what nsuns' calculator called for me to do based on my back squat I think, but since I've never done the exercise I might try a lighter weight next week to get the form down.
It won't be the day.
False equivalency, my friend.
My hands don't bend like that.
Yes, I do.
Thank God, cause the way LOST turned out was much better than just a lame one season "purgatory" route.
LOST and Breaking Bad aren't remotely comparable.
