I don't get where the fatlogic comes in. Sounds like they are eating an adequate amount to fuel their lifestyle.
10 pounds in 3 months is reasonable and I would guess that the plan you've outlined will support that. Weight loss is mainly about diet, so my best suggestion is to be accurate in your calorie counting. After eating at 1,600 calories/day for a few weeks, check your weight changes and then adjust your intake upwards or downwards as needed.
Quest and B-Up bars are my favourites.
Are you doubting that you have actually been eating 1,500 or are you doubting that your maintenance is 2,700-3,000? Given your age and weight, 2,700-3,000 for maintenance isn't that crazy. All those calculators are only estimates, though. The only way to tell for sure is to use real results (i.e. weight loss, gain, or maintenance) to tell what your true TDEE is. If you are doubting the 1,500 calories, can you post a sample day that's added up to 1,500? We might be able to tell where things could be inaccurate, if anything.
Even if your calories are a bit inaccurate, at your weight I would expect you to lose some weight even at 1,500. So, I'd say keep at it and reassess after a couple more weeks have gone by. long term, though, I'd recommend a food scale. It's the best tool available for accurate calorie counting.
You have quite a bit of wiggle room in your deficit, so even if your calorie counts are off, you should still see weight loss. Given what's shown, though, I see a few areas where tracking may be inaccurate: - How did you cook your egg at breakfast? Did you use any oil, etc.? - How do you know the grilled cheese totalled 335? Sandwiches are one of those things that can range from 300 calories to over 1,000, so it's generally better to log the individual components (bread, meat, cheese, butter, etc.) - Did you measure or weight out the 1 tbsp of oil in dinner or did you eyeball it? - Did you count out exactly five almonds twice? - Any other beverages other than the nespresso pod? Did you add anything to the coffee?
40-60g of cooked oatmeal may be 35 calories, but the portion is almost nothing (it's less than a tbsp of uncooked oats). Are you sure about his portion? 40 grams of uncooked oats (a normal portion) are about 1/3 of a cup and contain about 130 calories. With the rice and quinoa, I recommend weighing out your portions uncooked, as there is more variance in cooked weight/volume due to potential differences in water absorption.
Yep! Edited my reply, sorry.
Peanut butter, full fat dairy, straight up using real butter when cooking anything...
I worked in a movie theatre from age 15-18. It was a great job at the time even with only earning minimum wage. The entire staff, other than the manager, were high school and university students. Because of this, we were all one big group of friends. In the quiet time between shows, we'd pretty well just hang around and goof off. Perks involved free entry to non-soldout shows with a free guest.
I agree with u/funchords. Can you post a sample 2,000 calorie day or a link to your food diary? Maybe from looking it over we can help identify where there could be an issue.
I used to do my morning workouts fasted for the same reason but I eventually trained myself to eat before workouts and I do find I perform better. I generally wake up 4:45/5:00 and my workout starts at 5:30. Because of the short period of time between eating and workout, I just eat simple carbs that will digest quickly. This usually means fruit leather, plain cereal, cookies, or (lately) pop-tarts (Yum!). To get used to eating, I started by eating about 50 calories worth of the previous mentioned foods. Now, I'm up to 200 calories worth and I feel that's a good amount of fuel for my workout.
How do you mean? I have my MFP (free version) set to 60%C/20%F/20%P. On my food/nutrients tab, it currently shows that I can eat 162g more carbs, 50g protein, and I'm over by 5g of fat today.
If you can still find pumpkin pie Pop Tarts, go buy them immediately. They really nailed the pumpkin pie experience.
That's awesome that you signed up! Duathlons are so much fun! For your first multi-sport event (duathlon, triathlon, etc), a good goal is to finish and have fun. With an event of that distance, you're likely going to see participants of all ages and skill levels. The hardest parts of a duathlon tend to be the two runs. For the first run, you want to pace yourself to save energy for the next two legs. The second run is challenging because because your legs will likely feel tired after biking. This is where the training comes in. In addition to doing standalone runs and bikes, I recommend practicing biking then running a few times leading up to the race. It doesn't need to be a big run or bike, even 10 minutes of running is fine. These workouts are called "bricks" because your legs tend to feel like bricks when you start running after biking. I also recommend practicing your "transitions". This is where you switch from run to bike and back to run again. In the race, you will have a designated spot where you rack your bike (while running) and can leave other items like running shoes, visor, water bottle, etc. With lots of people around you, it can be a bit disorienting doing transitions the first time, so it's good to practice (e.g. practice setting your bike in its place, then removing your helmet, then putting your hat on, etc.). Good luck!
Overnight oats or chia puddings make great make-ahead breakfasts. Depending on your calorie/macro goals, you can make all kinds using various ratios of milks/oats/chia seeds/protein powder/fruit/etc.
If you've successfully cut 45 pounds using MFP, then you have all the data you need to determine your accurate TDEE. Say you lost one pound per week eating 2,000 calories per day, that means you were eating at a deficit of 3,500 calories per week or 500 per day. This means your TDEE (i.e. maintenance calories) is 2,000+500=2,500. For bulking, you can then add 200-500 calories per day for this for "bulking" calories of 2,700-3,000.
I prefer PC Points because I like shopping at Superstore/No Frills (good prices and good selection with PC products) and the PC Points are easy to redeem with "constant" values.
If you want to add more muscle mass over time, you'd need to go through bulking phases to achieve this.
I can ditto your comment exactly! I'm also Canadian, originally loved Quest Bars (and still do) but B-up bars overtook Quest as my favourite.
I forgot to bring a towel to the gym with me so I had to dry off, after showering, with the sweatpants I'd worn over my gym shorts. Thank goodness it's winter and the cold weather necessitated extra clothing.
Most cereals are primarily simple carbs and sugar that won't keep you full. Because of this, I look for cereals with lots of fiber and little or no added sugar. My go-to cereal combo is a serving of Fiber One or All Bran Buds (70 calories) plus two servings of puffed wheat (one serving is one cup for 50 calories).
Have you actually been maintaining your weight on 1,400 calories per day with all that activity? I would think you definitely need to be eating more to support all that exercise.
A TDEE of 1,746 isn't completely outside the realm of reasonability given your height, but my initial thought is that maybe there's an issue with your tracking. Over your 3.5 weeks using the spreadsheet, did you enter your calories every single day? Were there any days that you didn't track and just guessed? You say that you probably eat about 2,000 calories on the days where you eat whatever you want. From tracking some of those days, myself, I can attest to the fact that "whatever I want" can easily be over 4,000 calories.
[Deja Vu](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/4my9kf/michael_caine_circa_1968/)
My local stores sell boxed salads in the range of $9. That's a good use of a reward.
The main benefit of a scale is accuracy, as others have mentioned. Another benefit is that you don't dirty as many dishes when using a food scale. For example, say you measure out cereal using a measuring cup: when you do this, you dirty both a measuring cup and a bowl. With a scale, though, you just set the bowl on the scale, "tare" it to zero and pour the cereal right into the bowl to the desired serving. No extra dishes dirtied!
I've repeated Hal Higdon advanced plans multiple times resulting in multiple PRs. If they've worked for you in the past, they could work for you again (the important thing will just be to bump up your speeds in the various workouts)
Despite delays from the original dates, construction is still going forward. Many of the units were originally sold more than 2 years ago, it'll be interesting to see whether they're all actually occupied once the mall opens.
It's a "woosh". Sometimes as you lose weight, your fat cells shed fat but replace the volume with water. This means that, even though you are losing fat each day, the scale stays the same. Them after a period of a few days to a few weeks, all the water is shed from those fat cells, suddenly "releasing" days' to weeks' of weight loss all at once.
How often were/are you eating cheat meals? Say you eat 1,500 a day Sunday through Friday and then eat a cheat meal on Saturday. A restaurant meal can easily be 1,500-2,000 calories, meaning you could be eating 3,000 calories on Saturday. If this is the case, you're average consumption is actually 1,700. Throw in some inaccuracies in measuring here and there and variance in your actual TDEE and that explains why you aren't losing. Suggestion: track every day, even cheat days. It's ok to have some days with higher calories, but you'll need to decrease the other days to offset.
There's a little store that sells Chinese housewares in Pacific Place mall, just by the entrance to T&amp;T. I'd try there.
Quest's vanilla milkshake flavoured powder is amazing.
I go to Westside and I love it. I most often visit first thing in the morning through the week (around 5:30 am). I never have to wait for any equipment or machines as they have multiples of most. If you are a weightlifter, the facility has several squat racks and plenty of high weighted dumbbells. If you like cardio machines, the gym has amble treadmills/bike/ellipticals plus "non'standard" machines like rope pulls, a treadmill climber, jacobs ladder, etc. Good drop in spin classes. I don't go to the other drop in classes, but there are a bunch offered. The pool is hard to use on weekends because of families and kids' lessons, but the lanes are fine in the early morning. The layout is a bit weird with random pieces of equipment shoved into random corners in addition to the "main" fitness areas, but this is a plus as the facility is clearly trying to offer as much equipment as possible.
Spices! First, instead of water, I use broth (chicken/beef/vegetable). Then, depending on the vegetables I'm using, I add different combinations of spices including cumin, turmeric, chili powder, oregano, basil, etc. Pretty well all my soups include onions and garlic. If you're not sure what flavours go well together, google recipes based on whatever vegetable you're wanting to use.
My usual mug cake recipe is 1 scoop protein powder + 2 tbsp PB2 + a pinch of baking soda. Almond milk or water to a cake batter consistency then 35-45 seconds in the microwave.
The 15g = 80 calories in the above link is all good. So just make sure you're weighing out 15g and not relying on a measuring cup.
1.5 hours at 375 should do it. Cover the top with foil until the last half hour or else the top crust will burn.
Current PRs: - 5k: 20:20 (those last 20 seconds are proving very difficult!) - 10k: 43:22 - HM: 1:35:59
I wanted to improve at my sport. I've been running races for about a decade and took up multisport races (triathlon and duathlon) about 5 years ago. During most of that time, I was overweight bouncing around between 145lbs and 155lbs at 5'4". They say you can't outrun your fork, and boy, do I prove that true. A couple years ago, I decided I really wanted to see what I was capable of without having excess weight holding me back. Even though I'd been counting calories on and off for years, I buckled down and got serious about it. I deliberately lost weight slowly. Never more than 1lb per week and usually more like 0.5lb. I did this because my training suffered if my deficit was too great. I got down to a lean 130lbs about 1.5 years ago and I've been spending the last few months creeping down to 125lb. I must say, losing that excess weight did more for my running speed than any amount of training ever did. Yes, it is possible to be "fast" when overweight, but losing will will nearly always lead to improvements.
Actual results trump calculators, though. If you've been maintaining your weight at 150 lbs, then whatever you've been eating is your maintenance. Is it possible that you are eating 1,700 calories most days, but then eating more on weekends/holidays/etc? If so, this could be pushing your average consumption to a number closer to 2,100.
I use my food scale on the time! First, a food scale is way more accurate than using cups or eyeballing serving sizes. But, there are even more benefits. One is that a food scale saves you dirtying extra dishes. For example, instead of measuring out 1 cup of cereal into a measuring cup and then pouring that cereal into a bowl, I just set my bowl on the scale and then pour in cereal until the scale reads 30 grams or whatever the weight of a cup of that cereal is, per the box. Second, scales are great when baking. Outside of North America, recipes are commonly written with ingredients by weight instead of volume because it's much more accurate. (Tell two people to dish out "1 cup" of flour using a measuring cup and they will have totally different amounts because of the way flour can settle in a cup). Writing a recipe to call for, say, 200 grams of flour is way more accurate. And, again, you save on dishes because you can pour ingredients directly into your mixing bowl. So, I'd say don't worry about your family. Get a scale!
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of recipes sorted by ingredient and dish-type. Personally, my favourites include carrot noodles with peanut sauce, cajun curly fries and zucchini with turkey sausage.
I like to use them to make a buffalo chicken salad. I'll cook the chicken nuggets then slice them into bite sized pieces. Then, I toss them with lettuce, chopped celery and tomatoes, Franks buffalo sauce and a bit of creamy dressing (sour cream, ranch, greek yogurt, etc).
Most people here use MFP. Just log the individual items that you are putting into the Nutri-Ninja. For example, an entry could look like this: - 1 cup blueberries: 50 calories - 1 scoop protein powder: 120 calories - 1 cup milk: 110 calories - 1 cup spinach: 10 calories
Just pick a number in the middle of the range and go with it. From the law of averages, it all works out in the end. With meat, especially, you never really know because different cuts and pieces of meat will have varying fat content. So, it's always an estimate as to how many calories are in it.
I finally tried the [Voluminous Oatmeal Trick](http://chocolatecoveredkatie.com/2009/07/03/kozyshack-oatmeal-pudding/) posted on Chocolate Covered Katie and I was realy happy with how it turned out. Basically, you microwave 1/2 cup (40g) of oats in 1.5 cups of water (i.e. way more than usually use) for 4.5 minutes. Then, you leave the oatmeal sitting in the microwave for 5 minutes before moving to the fridge, uncovered, for a few hours or overnight. Then, you can either rewarm or eat cold. I made mine and let is sit overnight, then I reheated it the next morning. The volume was much more impressive than what I normally get from oatmeal, so that was enjoyable.
I'm getting tired of the treadmill. It's -10 with a windchill around -30, the temperature has been around this level for most of the last month and it keeps snowing every couple days. I could bundle up and run outside, but it's really not appealing.
It's easier to add muscle mass when eating at a surplus. However, there's no way to put on just muscle. If you eat more than you burn while lifting weights, you are likely adding both fat and muscle. So, the plan is to eat a surplus, lift weights and gain both fat and muscle. Then, after a time, you start eating at a deficit to lose the fat. If you keep lifting weights / exercising, you can minimize the amount of muscle that will be lost during this time. Repeat as desired.
As long as you are still consuming minimally required amounts of fat (some sources say in the range of 25-30g), then it's fine to go over your protein.
To curb evening munching I usually do one of two things: - prepare a litre of flavoured sparkling water with my sodastream (takes time to drink and physically fills me) - brush and floss my teeth. Then, I don't want to "ruin" my clean teeth with more food
It's only been nine days. A healthy rate of weight loss is 1-2 pounds per week. Assuming your counting is accurate, it's easy for any actual weight loss to be masked by temporary changes in water weight at this point. Especially for a woman where water weight varies a few pounds depending on where you are in your cycle. Keep going for a few more weeks. If you haven't seen any changes in the scale by then, then it's time to re-assess.
&gt; but they shouldn't enough to outdo the deficit during the week They might be. Are you tracking your weekends or just guessing? I can easily eat 4,000 calories in a day.
It looks like the ranges are accounting for the fact that there are options when it comes to sides. For example, the "Bacon You Fancy" burger meal is advertised as 920-1,980 calories. Side options range from a low of 30 (Weeds) to 990 (poutine). So, it sounds like the burger itself is about 890 calories.
I see from your flair that you lost 45 pounds. How long did it take you to lose that weight? Did anything in your habits or lifestyle change from when you were losing weight to the last few months? How about the holidays, any extra eating there?
800-900 is likely a bit of an overstatement but, given your weight, you are burning something from all that exercise. I think you could go ahead with trying 1,800 for a few weeks and see what happens. Like I said above, though, it needs to be a true 1,800. Not 1,800 6 days a week or 1,800 of eyeballed portions.
All the calculators are just estimates. Since you have actual weight loss results, you can calculate your actual TDEE from that. How many calories did you eat per day over the last two months? 25 pounds over two months is a total deficit of 87,500 calories (25 x 3,500) or about 10,000 calories per week. That means your daily deficit was about 1,400 calories. However, I'm assuming you lost weight faster at the beginning due to an initial drop of water weight, so let's be conservative and say your actual deficit was 1,200 calories per day. For the sake of the explanation, say you have been eating an average of 1,600 calories a day, that would mean your TDEE is 2,800 (1,200 + 1,600).
No. The calories required to digest food are already taken into account in a food's calorie count. Technically, water is negative calorie because the body does use some calories to heat up water to body temperature, but the number of calories is insignificant. Certain non-food items (like paper and grass) could be considered negative calorie because the body has no way to extract calories from these items. But this is outside the discussion.
What are you planning on doing with the unsweetened flavours? For water enhancers, I just buy them from the grocery store and save money by using coupons and the Checkout51 app. One option I can think of is to use baking extracts and unflavoured protein powders. At stores like Bulk Barn and Michaels, they have all kinds of extract flavours. At home right now, I have cream cheese, maple, almond, butter, and vanilla. All work well to add flavour to puddings and amoothies without artificial sweeteners.
Shaksuka! Here's a sample [recipe](http://toriavey.com/toris-kitchen/2010/07/summer-2010-travel-blog-shakshuka/) but there's lots available out there.
That looks tasty. I make egg and cheese breakfast sandwiches with eggos all the time, it's a good meal.
Cut for now. Recomp is for when you have reached your goal weight. If you want to minimize muscle loss during your cut, you may want to up your cals to around 1,800, being a 500 calories per day deficit rather than the steeper 900 per day.
President's Choice or Kraft natural (just peanuts and salt) PB2
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of tips and recipes divvied up my ingredient. With zucchini noodles, I usually just toss in a hot skillet for a few minutes before adding sauces and toppings.
I like any meal that involves tossing something in the oven for 30-60 minutes. This most often includes the following: - frozen meatballs (turkey and chicken are lighter, but beef is fine, too, homemade or packaged) - baby potatoes - green beans - brussel sprouts - squash - cabbage - cauliflower - broccoli Generally, veggies are good tossed with salt, pepper, garlic powder and oil before going in the oven.
In that case just give it time. It can take a little while to get used to a new routine.
Are you trying to avoid potato completely or just lower the carbs? I've had a lot of success adding a little bit of instant mashed potatoes (about 1/4 cup of the dry flakes) to a pot of mashed cauliflower. My usual method is to dump 1 pound of frozen cauliflower florets into boiling chicken broth. I let simmer until the cauliflower is cooked, drain, then blend with my immersion blender. At this point, I add the instant mashed potatoes.
If you maintained the month of December (which is a feat in itself), that means you lost an average 1.5 pounds per week the other eight weeks. There's nothing to be disappointed about, that's a great accomplishment! Don't be so hard on yourself. Be happy for the progress you've made!
Yes, you can buy skin on chicken breasts. I prefer dark meat to white meat because that's where all the flavour is. But, you can't force your family to eat dark meat. What I would do it continue cooking whole chickens and then using the dark meat in other dishes: curries for example.
They are both just guesses. Whether the bike or MFP is more accurate will depend on the bike. Generally, all those machines and MFP overestimate calories, so I'd be inclined to go with whichever estimate is lower and then knock off another 25%. To get a more accurate measure of calories burned, you'll need a heart rate monitor. For a frame of reference on what calorie burn is possible on the bike, I burn 250-500 calories per hour depending on my effort level.
That sounds about right, only way to find out for sure is to try. Eat 2,000 calories a day. Let at least three weeks go by (this should be enough time to take care of water weight fluctuations) and see how your weight has changed. At this point, you can adjust your target if need be.
I'd say just pick a number in the middle (say, 1,500) and give it a go. Try eating this amount for a few weeks and see what the result is.
What is the recipe? My answer will vary based on what purpose the spaghetti is serving.
She said she recently started CrossFit so I assumed most of the weight loss occurred pre-CrossFit. Otherwise, yes, the TDEE calc should be broken down between weight loss pre-CrossFit and weight loss post-CrossFit.
It's your birthday, go ahead and eat more. As to whether its a reasonable estimate of your TDEE, if you've been eating 1,500 calories per day and you've been losing 1 pound per week then, yes, your TDEE is 2,000. If you've been losing weight at a faster rate, then your TDEE is even higher.
I think that's a good plan. The human body is not a calculator that resets at midnight. I don't know about you, but I always feel the extra hunger from bigger workouts the day after that workout, so what you've described is how I tend to naturally operate.
Canned green beans are good when you roast them with oil, salt, pepper, and garlic. Sauteeing is also a good option, anything other than microwaving or boiling. I like adding canned beets to salads with balsamic vinegar. Canned tomatoes are preferable to fresh if you're going to be cooking them. You can even roast canned tomatoes to get some extra flavour in them Other than veggies, canned beans and legumes (chickpeas, black beans, kidney beans, etc) are a staple in my pantry. I add them to salads, casseroles, mash them into burgers, add to soups and chilis and many other purposes.
Do you enter your food every day, weekends as well as weekdays? How to you estimate the entries for foods that you buy as takeout? How to you record and/or measure the foods you prepare yourself? As I said before, there is no way you aren't losing weight if you are eating only 800 calories a day. So, that leads me to believe there are issues with your calorie tracking.
It's not a plateau, it's just that you are eating at maintenance. It sounds like you know what you need to do and that is cut down on the chocolate chips and similar foods. Do you track your food intake? Read the FAQ that the AutoMod linked for you. There's lots of good tips in there.
My husband doesn't like quinoa either, but he'll eat it in this [Turkey Quinoa Meatloaf](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/213211/turkey-and-quinoa-meatloaf/?internalSource=search%20result&amp;referringContentType=search%20results) You can play around with the flavours in this recipe, going with taco flavours, or italian or whatever you feel like.
Here are some of my favourites: - [Carrot coconut curry](http://www.acouplecooks.com/carrot-coconut-curry-soup/) - [Moroccan carrot](http://myculturedpalate.com/recipes/moroccan-carrot-soup/) - [African peanut](https://www.budgetbytes.com/2014/08/african-peanut-stew-vegan/) - in this one, you can use different vegetables instead of collards such as kale, spinach, mushrooms, etc.
If you really want to give overnight oats (or smoothies, even) that battery taste, the key is extracts. Like, instead of vanilla extract, you can get butter extract and almond extract. These two flavours in particular work really well.
Weight loss is all about calories in versus calories out. When you eat those calories does not matter and what you eat does not matter (it does for health, but not for weight). You are a healthy weight. That means that if you want to lose more weight, you will need to be very diligent about your diet. Now, while eating less then 1,000 calories a day was not and is not healthy, doing so did not mess up your metabolism. At your height, you should be losing weight on 1,300-1,500 calories per day, so that leads me to believe that your counting is not 100% accurate. However, rather than trying to nail down your calorie deficit, I'd really just suggest keeping to your current diet (since it sounds quite healthy) and adding in some exercise instead. Exercise and lifting weights will not make you bulky. Rather, it can help you "re-comp" your body into something you feel better in and feel better about. Come over to r/xxfitness for great advice on that topic.
Check out r/1200isplenty and r/1500isplenty . So many ideas for meals!
I wouldn't do it. The food scale doesn't really do much good if you don't know the full breakdown of ingredients in what you are eating, anyway. For example, say you're eating pasta. Who's to say whether the plate weighs an extra 50g because of added tomato sauce or because of butter/oil?
It's going to be different for everyone since fat distribution is genetic. I personally saw my legs slim down when I went under 135lbs at 5'4".
Given your height 1,400 is a good place to start. Give it a few weeks. If you are losing too much weight, eat more. If you aren't losing enough weight, eat less.
This is a great rule of thumb! I feel like this sentence needs to be stickied in this sub.
I tend to eat lighter on the weekend because I have more time to prepare vegetable heavy dishes and I'm doing more activities that distract me from eating, like shopping, cleaning and just being out and about. I work a desk job, so Monday to Friday is a constant battle to resist the office treats.
I'm partial to Pampa. Quick service on the meat and great side options (sides include items like beef carpaccio and octopus). Downside is no grilled pineapple.
That's not a plateau. That's just eating at maintenance.
Do you have coconut milk?: [Bok Choy Curry](http://www.sweetashoney.co.nz/bok-choy-curry-indian-style/) How about Indian spices? [Bok Choy and Chicken Curry](http://www.sweetandsavorybyshinee.com/easy-bok-choy-chicken-curry/) I usually saute bok choy with ginger and garlic for stir fry or to have on the side of steamed dumplings.
How many calories are you eating? How long were you eating that level without losing weight? What is your height and weight? In counting calories, are you counting *everything* you eat including oils, beverages, samples, etc.? How are you measuring what you eat? To answer the actual question, plateaus happen because water weight fluctuations will mask actual fat loss. Plateaus normally last up to a few weeks.
1. Being fat is hard. Losing weight is hard. Choose your hard. 2. Time is going to pass regardless. You may as well improve yourself in the meantime.
Welcome to the world of accurate calorie counting. It is surprising how many calories are in "healthy" foods. This is why it is so important to be accurate.
Most likely those girls were not accurate or honest in their calorie counting.
I go all out when I'm on vacation, too. After my last trip, I legitimately weighed 10 pounds more on the night I arrived home than I did pre-vacation. Within two days, 8 of these pounds fell off. Theoretically, if one ate 3,500 calories over TDEE per day for 7 days, you could put 7 pounds of fat on, but I find in practice that the body doesn't really work this way and fewer pounds than predicted actually get added on.
Does the restaurant you are going to post calorie counts? If so, just take a look over the menu before hand and pick something that fits into your daily goal. Otherwise, if you want to keep the meal lighter watch out for dressings, added oil and butter and giant portions. Don't feel like you have to eat the entire meal.
Yes, you log and weigh each individual item. If you want to be very exact, an entry could look like this: - 100g lettuce: 15 calories - 200g tomato: 36 calories - 200g carrots: 80 calories - 1 tbsp oil: 120 calories - 1 tbsp vinegar: 5 calories And so on. Once you have the hang of logging and have an understanding of which vegetables are low calorie (like lettuce, tomato, cucumber) you may feel comfortable just throwing in eyeballed estimates for those.
You can lose weight eating anything you want as long as you eat less than you burn. In general, vegetables and lean proteins (like chicken, legumes, and fish) are good choices. Take a look at the FAQ over a r/loseit for advice on calories. For meal ideas, check out r/EatCheapAndHealthy
Even though I'm not eating to lose weight anymore, I still track my calories to make sure I don't slip up and end up gaining. Plus, tracking allows me to eat "unhealthy" foods guilt-free since I know that everything I eat fits into my daily calorie budget. I don't think there's anything wrong with continuing to track. Even though I'm not struggling with my finances, I still track my income and spending to monitor my habits. Doesn't mean I'm addicted to budgeting. Same can be said for eating and calorie "budgeting".
Different diets work best for different people. Some people do well eating a low carb keto diet, others perform best on a vegetarian or vegan diet. Some people are best off eating many small meals per day while others prefer one large meal. Like I said in my first comment, without knowing anything about your specific needs, ideally you will eat a variety of vegetables and maybe fruits and adequate protein. The rest is up to you.
It's fine to eat that low once in a while. I'd look more at your weekly average than day to day.
I would definitely work on increasing that. If you aim to get more fiber from fruits and vegetables, you'll increase your vitamin consumption as well.
I don't weigh are non-starchy vegetables like lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers and zucchini. I don't weigh uniform packaged food items like processed cookies, granola/protein bars, ice cream bars, pudding mix, etc. Liquids get measured by volume, everything else gets weighed.
No, a healthy diet will always consist of more than three things. I can't see those three food items containing every vitamin you need. If you need idea on what kinds of foods can make up a complete diet, check out r/EatCheapAndHealthy, r/MealPrepSunday, r/1200isplenty and [EatThisMuch.com](https://www.eatthismuch.com/)
If you were actually eating 1,500-1,600 calories per day at 333lbs you would be losing weight. Do you measure and weigh everything you eat? Do you log every single snack, bite, condiment, cooking oil etc? Do you go out to eat often? Do you track every day, even weekends, holidays, etc.?
Don't take my advice over a doctor's but walking should be fine as long as you aren't getting your heart rate up. I was back at work a day after getting my wisdom teeth out and it's impossible to avoid walking completely.
Depending on how much weight you lost from the initial calculation, yep, it could be right. However, it's not like your maintenance calories decreased overnight. If you're happy with your rate of weight loss on 1,450 calories, there's no need to change it.
No, you won't fail to lose weight by eating too few calories. Eating too few calories can result in missing out on needed vitamins, minerals and protein, but that's unlikely to happen at 1,800 calories per day.
Birth control pills actually decrease my appetite so I tend to have a harder time losing/maintaining weight when I go off them. I think I read that about 20% of women report increased appetite while on BC and 20% report decreased appetite. It's the appetite that's affected, though, not weight directly. So, just keep an eye on your eating and it'll be fine.
Yep. I'm a big analytical/numbers person so I track my exercise in addition to my calories. I like having good data to look back on to assess my calorie needs. For sports, I often use this information to add a couple pounds in the fall and then take it off in the spring. To control my weight to this degree, I need accurate data.
I threw your stats into a TDEE calculator. Assuming you are 30 years old and sedentary, your maintenance calories are about 1,700 per day. This means that you are likely eating about this much, on average. If you want to lose weight, you'll need to eat less than this. You can decrease the food you are eating now without tracking. What I like to do, though, is to first go through an exercise of keeping your eating normal for a week but tracking everything as accurately as possible. I recommend My Fitness Pal for this. For one week, weigh and measure every single bit and sip of food and beverage that you consume. This includes soda, coffee, condiments, samples, tastes, everything. Doing this will show you where your calories are coming from so that you have the knowledge on where you can make cuts.
&gt; If your body is used to not getting a lot of food; it is going to make the most out of the little bit it does get. It will start using fuel like a prius; trading basic performance for longevity (slowing metabolism by keeping food in your stomach longer, shrinking heart muscle, slow moving intestines, lowered body temperature, etc). This only happens during times of actual starvation, when the body has run out of fat reserves. [More on that here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/index#wiki_starvation_mode) At OP's current weight, that does not seem to be the case.
I manually add exercise every day. Through several months of logging and tracking my calories and exercise while losing weight, I worked out what my TDEE is excluding intentional exercise. In maintenance, I eat this amount plus whatever I burn. Between running and biking, my daily calorie burns range from 0 to 1,000+ calories and it's not the same from week to week, so this system works well for me. I will say that I don't necessarily eat all my exercise calories in the same day. I often end up "saving" some of them for the next day because my hunger from big workouts is often delayed.
Do you mean you're having trouble with calculating the calorie in home cooked meals or that you're having a hard time finding recipes/ideas to begin with?
Based on the food you've listed, you should be losing weight. How long have you stuck to this calorie budget? What was your exact weight at the start of that and what was your most recent weight?
Yeah, so once you adjust for the cookie, the exercise and the BLT bread, you're left with closer to 500-600 calories for dinner. Still a fine budget. You did well to calculate as much as you did. It's a process to get used to this.
Does it have to be online? I've gotten good brand name bras cheap at Winners.
You don't have to do IF. Most people that do IF only do it because it makes it easier for them to stick to their calorie goal. If it doesn't make it easier for you, then there's no point.
While cardio does burn calories, I find that it raises my appetite such that its no easier keeping to a calorie budget. Cardio has tons of other benefits, but it won't make weight loss easier. I maintained an overweight size while eating "healthy" food and running marathons. It was only when I started seriously counting calories and being strict with my limit that I successfully lost weight.
I would just say whatever you normally eat is fine. Are you trying to gain or lose weight?
Say you are eating cereal. On the side of the box the nutrition label will read something like "120 calories per 1 cup (30g.)" If you used a 1 cup measuring cup to portion the cereal, you could end up with a varying portion depending on how big the cereal flakes are and how you place them in a measuring cup. This means that you could think you are taking 120 calories worth of cereal when you are really taking 150+ calories. Best thing to do is place your bowl on the food scale and hit "tare" to set it to zero. Then, start pouring your cereal in until the scale reads 30g. With this, you know you have taken exactly 120 calories worth of cereal.
I have some [T-Fal](http://www.t-fal.ca/Cookware-%26-Kitchenware/Pots-and-Pans/c/pots%2B%26%2Bpans) pans that work well. Depending on what I'm cooking, I'll use a bit of broth instead of oil, as well.
Doesn't matter when you eat/workout. Do whatever works for you. How much protein are you regularly getting?
Yeah, that's a little low for a man of your size. For vegan sources, nuts, beans, seeds, legumes and vegetables will be your sources. What does a normal day of food look like for you?
I average 40g per day. These are my big sources: - oats - All Bran cereal - Vegetables (green beans, bok choy, brussel sprouts, squash etc) - beans - popcorn
New exercise routines generally result in an increase in scale weight as your muscles retain added water to aid in their repair. Keep doing what you're doing and the weight loss should resume soon.
At your height and weight with so little fat to lose, I think you'll need to decrease these cheats to lose more weight. I'm not saying you need to give these up forever, but sacrifices are needed to get as lean as you are trying to get. This article by Precision Fitness is relevant: [The Cost of Getting Lean](http://www.precisionnutrition.com/cost-of-getting-lean)
I don't think that fiber intake needs to scale up with calories as much as general macros. The minimums quoted in the OP generally are required regardless of the calorie intake.
I find this to be the case, yes. Sometimes I'll burn 1,500 calories in a day from workouts. On these days, I don't usually have the appetite or time to be eating these extra 1,500 calories so I end up under my goal. The next day, though, watch out. My appetite is through the roof.
I've been running for over a decade and I only get the "Runners High" on less than 5% of runs. For me, running sucks during, but I love (and am addicted to) the sense of accomplishment after the fact.
I get good calorie burns from spin class and I have found that going regularly improved my bike fitness. To lean out your legs will require fat loss which will come from diet. Although there are calorie burns from spin class, it's really easy to eat back the extra burn from increased appetite.
How much weight did you lose in the last three weeks? Unless you have an accurate calorie log of your weekly averages over the last year, then all we can do is assume that you decreased your calories in the last three weeks. If you were previously maintaining, then all you would need to do is cut 100 calories from your daily diet to start losing weight again. That's pretty easy to do without noticing.
I've never thought to add chia seeds to muffins before. How does it impact the texture? What's the nutritional breakdown per muffin?
Is that without some of the optional ingredients? I calculated [209 calories](https://www.verywell.com/recipe-nutrition-analyzer-4129594) with 3.4g of protein per muffin.
You can customize your macros by % in the free version (from desktop, go to goals, then edit by daily nutrition goals). For exercise, just don't enter your exercise into MFP. If you want to keep track of your exercise, use something else like Strava or Daily Mile.
The run paces sound good (might be a touch longer for the 2nd run, but not by much), but I think your bike may be a bit slower due to the fact that it's 6 loops. Have you practiced your transitions? Duathlon transitions are pretty minimal. Mine are generally in the 30-45 second range.
I've been using the free version of MFP for years with no issues.
About 300. What does the front of the box say for grams?
That setting is way too fancy for poutine.
Add a bit of lemon or ginger.
I wake up at five and I aim to be asleep by nine so that I get eight hours.
Spin class is my favourite
That's my ideal pancake right there. Nice and puffy with crispy edges.
I often eat high volume, low calorie dinners. Favourites include roasted acorn/kabocha squash, roasted green beans, steam cauliflower and stir fried cabbage/bok choy/onions/peppers. I tend to eat dinner around 6 and then run the following morning around 5:30. By this time, I don't feel the previous night's dinner at all. I think that they key is to drink plenty of water with and after dinner to help the dinner's digestion.
You say you've been using MFP for a year, can you look at the data in the reports section?
$55 per month is a good price for both the yoga and the gym. In the last year I spent $700 on gym membership, about $500 on race fees and probably about $100 for sporadic drop-in yoga classes, for total spending about the same as yours. Same as you, this doesn't include biking equipment or fitness attire. Also doesn't include a few hundred dollars in travel costs related to races,
I find the same thing. Walking a lot doesn't really impact my appetite much, but anything that gets my heart rate up makes me ravenous. No advice, just offering commiseration that exercise doesn't make it easier to eat less.
Looking through your post history, it looks like you are trying to use Reddit to do your homework.
I usually just have stir fry on its own, but some good side options are spring rolls, gyozas, dumplings or kimchi.
It's normal to be able to see and feel your ribs.
I've been in love with this [Creamy Avocado Zucchini Pasta With Charred Corn](http://inspiralized.com/creamy-avocado-zucchini-pasta-with-charred-corn-and-spicy-shrimp/) Instead of shrimp, I've used both chicken breast and sausage with good results. I made a few changes to the recipe including the use of pre-made guacamole and I heated up my zucchini noodles. I did the following: - Season protein of choice with olive oil, lime juice, chili powder, garlic powder and salt and pepper. Cook in a pan and set aside. - Season corn (fresh, canned or frozen: doesn't matter) with paprika, salt and pepper. Cook in a pan until charred and set aside. - Add zucchini noodles to pan with a couple tbsp of water, cover with a lid and cook for a few minutes until heated through but not mushy Combine zucchini noodles, guacamole, corn and protein. Enjoy!
1 kg of weight loss isn't enough to start seeing results on the measuring tape. My guess is just that you are holding the tape differently.
When going to a restaurant that doesn't post calorie counts, it can be really hard to estimate, especially if you are still newer to counting calories. First thing I try is to compare the meal at the restaurant to a similar meal at a restaurant that does post calorie counts. For example, a burger form a local diner compared to a similar sized burger from Red Robin. Second thing is to attempt a mental breakdown of the ingredients of the dish. Say you get chicken tacos, you can estimate x calories per tortilla, x calories for cheese, x calories for chicken and so on. When it comes to meals likes curries, this gets really tricky because there's no way of knowing how much oil, cream, sugar and other calorie dense items went into the recipe. In these cases, I usually just throw in a blanket entry into My Fitness Pal for 1,000/1,500/2,000 calories based on how full I am after eating the meal. It's not super accurate, but it's better than nothing.
I just googled by ingredient. Where are you getting differences?
If you've been losing 1 pound per week with the weekly cheat day, then you are probably fine to keep doing what you're doing. The expected three pound loss form the last three weeks is probably just being "hidden" by water weight fluctuations. Give it, say, another three weeks, then if you still haven't seen any progress, then either cut out the cheat day or decrease your calories on the other days by a bit. For what it's worth, I like tracking my calories on all days, even the bad ones. This allows me to keep track of my true calorie intake, rather than just my calorie intake on "normal" days.
It sounds like you don't actually like lifting. If that's the case, you don't have to do it. Are there other activities you do like? Swimming, running, biking, dancing, tennis, etc. My main health and fitness "driver" is that I get a sense of accomplishment from training for and competing in running and multisport races. This desire to compete and perform well motivates me to exercise (train) and eat well.
"Granary Road is located in the Foothills MD just minutes away from anywhere in Calgary." I guess it's not incorrect to say that, but there's a big difference between 5 minutes and 100 minutes...
Quest are my favourite protein bars but they are so expensive I don't have them very often. My favourite flavours are chocolate brownie, cookie dough, vanilla almond and smore. If you like the chocolate brownie and cookie dough flavours, Costco's [Kirkland version](https://www.costco.com/Kirkland-Signature-Variety-Protein-Bars%2C-40-count.product.100296106.html) are excellent replicas of the Quest bars at a much lower price.
- mustard - blend cottage cheese with dry ranch dressing seasoning for a high-protein ranch alternative - sour cream + salsa - a mixture of equal parts mayo, mustard and ketchup with a splash of Worcestershire sauce - guacamole
Calgary has the [world's most extensive pedestrian skywalk system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%2B15).
The ideal exercise is whatever you enjoy and will stick with.
OP says vegetarian in the title
I'm about the same weight as you and I aim for 100g of protein per day. I've not had any difficulties adding and maintaining muscle at that level.
Are you eating any fruits or vegetables?
I'm still counting and I don't plan on stopping. Not everyone needs, to do the same, though. You won't necessarily have to count calories the rest of your life. A few months of counting calories could give you all the knowledge you need about appropriate portion sizes and amount of foods for your needs. I love calorie counting because I feel like it gives me the freedom to eat anything. I don't eat a muffin then feel guilty because I ate something "unhealthy". Because of calorie counting I know that it fits into my day and that's fine. I don't have good intuition to self-regulate my food, so I rely on calorie counting to keep my eating at an appropriate level. It's like money and a budget. I don't need to keep a strict budget because I "naturally" spend less than I earn. I acknowledge that not everyone can do that so some people need to keep a close eye on their spending. I see food the same way.
I'm inclined to say there's something off with that first weigh-in and that you've, in fact, lost three pounds in the last couple weeks. Assuming you are accurate in your calorie counting (counting all beverages, condiments and cooking oils and using a food scale as much as possible), give it a few more weeks then reassess if necessary.
The Hearty Veggie and Brown Rice Salad Bowl and Zesty Chicken &amp; Black Bean Salad Bowl are both $8.95 plus tax.
Are you keeping to 1,200 everyday? Can you post a sample day's food diary?
I use cheap cuts of pork or steak in stir fry all the time. The day before I plan on having stir fry, I slice my meat super thin in a mixture of cornstarch, chicken broth base, brown sugar, soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil, fish sauce, garlic, ginger and sriracha. I let this marinate overnight. The next day, I heat up some oil in a pan on high then sear off the meat (reserve the marinade, don't add it to the cooking meat) for just a few minutes. I set the meat aside, then cook my veggies in the same pan. Meanwhile, heat up the leftover marinade and then use as a sauce with you cooked meat, veggies and starch of choice.
You should have been losing weight on 1,200 per day, so my guess is that you were actually eating more than 1,200. It's easy to do if you don't use a food scale. At the time you were eating 1,200, was it seven days per week or were there some days you ate more? Weekends, vacation, holidays, etc.
Found the Canadian...
For sure, a routine would likely help. We all have the same 24 hours in the day. If exercise is important to you, you'll find the time to schedule it in. What kind of workouts do you like to do? If it's something involving a team, partner or group class, it might help to have an "appointment" so that you are less likely to skip.
Ok, since you are a healthy weight for your height, it seems you are "skinny fat". Just losing weight alone probably won't help you achieve the look you want. So, you need to add some muscle. I'd suggest figuring out what your TDEE (maintenance calories) are and eating that amount. Then, start hitting the gym hard. As an (I assume) new exerciser, you should be able to realize "newb gains" where you can add muscle and decrease fat at the same time. Otherwise, your option is to go through cutting and bulking cycles, which you can read about over at /r/Fitness.
- vegetables - popcorn - pickles - protein bars/powder - crackers - rice cakes - fruit Take a look at /r/1200isplenty for ideas. Lots of people post a day's food including snacks.
How many calories are you eating? Does this include every day including weekends, holidays, vacations etc? Are you counting all beverages, condiments, cooking oils etc.? Do you eat out often?
So you've really only been stalled for a month, then, not several months. One month is definitely in the realm of a normal plateau. In particular, your ramping up exercise will lead to increased water retention which could "hide" you last month's weight loss. As long as you are confident and consistent with your calorie counting, be patient.
Cineplex, one of Canada's most successful entertainment and media companies, in partnership with RioCan today announced plans for a new theatre complex at the East Hills Shopping Centre. The opening of Cineplex Cinemas East Hills early next year ensures that Calgary movie-goers, and their families, will soon have another reason to treat themselves to a well-deserved night out. Located at the south-west side of the shopping centre, the new theatre will span over 30,000 square feet and will have seven screens featuring a variety of movie-going experiences including UltraAVX™, D-BOX Motion Seats and for the first time in Canada, an auditorium designed specifically for families with young children. And to keep guests entertained before and after their movie, the new theatre will also have a 2,500 square foot XSCAPE Entertainment Centres equipped with the latest video and amusement gaming technology. "At Cineplex we are always looking for new entertainment experiences to provide our guests, whatever their age, and Cineplex Cinemas East Hills is a perfect example of that," said Ellis Jacob, President and CEO, Cineplex. "We're particularly excited to test and learn from our first auditorium designed specifically for children, which will feature a colourful interior, playful seating and a curated line-up of films perfect for young movie-lovers." "RioCan is extremely proud to continue to expand our relationship with Cineplex as a valued partner. RioCan succeeds when our tenants do, and the addition of Cineplex is a perfect complement to the retail offering already in the East Hills Shopping Centre," said Ed Sonshine, Chief Executive Officer, RioCan Management Inc. With construction already underway, Cineplex Cinemas East Hills will also feature UltraAVX, one of Cineplex's most popular ways to watch a movie with a massive wall-to-wall screen, ultra-high definition presentation and a powerful Dolby Atmos sound system. It will also offer guests D-BOX Deluxe Reclining Cinema Seats, which move in concert with the action on the big screen and use some of the most innovative technologies in cinema today. With the exception of the children's auditorium which will include a variety of playful seating options, all of the theatre's auditoriums will have luxurious seats that recline at the touch of a button. In addition to Cineplex Cinemas East Hills, construction is also well underway for Cineplex Cinemas Seton and VIP. In addition to seven auditoriums that are open to guests of all ages, the new theatre will offer four VIP Cinema auditoriums, which are open to adults only and are exclusive to Cineplex. VIP Cinemas feature a fully-licensed lounge for guests to enjoy before or after the movie and specially-designed VIP auditoriums where they can relax in luxury recliners. VIP Cinema guests can order from an expanded food and beverage menu – which includes a wide selection of wine, spirits and premium craft beers. In addition to Cineplex's famous popcorn, VIP Cinema guests can also select from a menu that features fresh salads, burgers, artisanal cheese plates, charcuterie boards and flatbreads. Cineplex Cinemas Seton and VIP is also expected to open this coming winter.
You'll have to multiply the posted calories by 134% (75/56) to account for the buns being bigger. This is why a food scale is so great!
&gt; Cineplex Cinemas Seton and VIP is also expected to open this coming winter.
Only in the NW location, unfortunately.
I don't specifically eat at a deficit Mon-Fri with extra on Saturdays/Sundays, but I do aim to eat at a slight deficit as much as possible, knowing that there are always going to be random days with parties/holidays/vacation/etc during which I'll go over my calories.
Nothing wrong with frozen! Frozen fruits and vegetables often contain more nutrients than fresh because they are frozen at peak ripeness, compared to fresh fruits and veg which are often picked early and then transported across the continent. I tend to eat a lot of frozen green beans, cauliflower, brussel sprouts, peas and spinach. For meat, I save money by buying discounted, close to expiry meat and then freezing it myself at home. Frozen berries are good for adding to smoothies and yogurt.
Based on your stats, I would guess your TDEE is at least 2,000. I see you've lost 50 pounds already (congrats!). Were you tracking your calories during that time? If so, you have all the information you need to calculate your actual TDEE (based on average calorie intake per day and weight loss rate)
I've never seen a more photoshopped bowl of food in my life. That almond butter doesn't even exist in the same universe as the bowl...
Americans in particular like to call green beans "haricots verts" to be fancy. But, that's literally the French translation for green beans. I find it /r/iamverysmart to use the French term when you are, otherwise, speaking English.
I live in Calgary, home of the [Calgary Stampede](http://www.calgarystampede.com/stampede), and I've never gone.
Do you track your food? If so, whatever food tracker you use should report food intake. Otherwise, what do you tend to eat in a day? Do you eat any nuts, seeds and avocado? Those are good sources of fats in a vegan diet.
About 1 cup / 250ml.
I recently bought a place in Southwood for &lt;$500 which had the following all updated within the last two years: new garage, windows, roof, furnace and HVAC. You just have to look.
The ratio of parmesan cheese to dressing is way off. It looks like cheese dust would end up all over you by the end of eating this.
They may know it but they don't want to admit it.
Through a period of tracking, I worked out that my TDEE (maintenance calories) is about 2,000 per day. Now, in maintenance, I aim to eat this amount plus whatever I burn through intentional exercise. Generally, I estimate about 70 calories burned per mile of running. When I was losing weight, I would eat a 250-500 calorie deficit from the above to lose 0.5 to 1 pounds per week. In going from 130 to 125 pounds, I kept my weight loss rate at about 1 pound per month so that my deficit didn't hinder my training too much.
Don't worry about 120 for now. It's not like you have to pick your "forever" weight right now. Just get down to 130, then see how you feel.
About 3-8 pancakes depending on how big you make them. I use large flake oats, but quick oats would work too.
You need something that will blend the oats. I use an immersion blender for easy clean up.
You don't need keto to lose weight. You also don't need a drink with 60g of carbs after training. Do whatever you prefer, just stick to your calorie goal.
Why does the cheese look like a shower curtain?
A lack of a food scale is likely contributing to some of the problem. Rather than eating 1,300 calories per day, inaccurate measuring could mean you are eating closer to 1,500-1,600. Add in higher days from holidays or eating out, and that could bring you to maintenance, on average. Just to make sure nothing else is wonky, can you post a sample day's diary?
Weight loss is all about CICO. Eat less than you burn and you will lose weight. Whether you accomplish that through Nutrisystem, Keto, intermittant fasting, etc. is up to you. To start, though, it's cheaper and simpler to just download My Fitness Pal, figure out how many calories you need to eat to lose weight and then track your food keeping to that calorie limit.
I gain about 3 pounds the week before my period then it falls off a week later.
I have no advice. I just want to say that I could have written what you wrote. Detailing your "normal" daily food reads like a recap of my day's eating. At this point, I'm just assuming that I'm always going to have a giant appetite and I'll just need to continue doing what you've mentioned (lots of vegetables, etcs) to satisfy my appetite without over eating.
1,400 calories is way too much of a deficit for you. No wonder you are burning out quickly. At your height and weight, you burn about 2,600 calories per day. To start, I would pick a less aggressive calories goal, lets say 2,000 calories. Every day, set a goal to fall within +-100 calories of 2,000 (so, 1,900-2,100). You should find this is easier to stick to than 1,400.
You should be losing weight fairly quickly at 1,200 calories. So, it's troubleshooting time. - Have you stuck to 1,200 calories each and every day of the last two months including holidays, vacation, etc.? - If not, did you track your calories those other days? How many calories do you eat those days? - Do you track all beverages, condiments, and cooking oils? - Do you do all your own cooking or do you eat out? - Do you use a food scale? Edit: 26 days ago (&lt;4 weeks) you posted that it was your day 1. If you've lost 4 pounds in 4 weeks, than you are right on track. Keep doing what you're doing as it is working!
For something like stir fry: - I weigh/measure the more calorie dense items (oils, sugars, meat, starch etc) - I use eyeballed amounts and generic entries for lower calorie vegetables. For example, if my stir fry includes red pepper, bok choy and green beans, I'll just throw, say, 2 medium peppers into MFP. - I skip entering/tracking low calorie seasonings including garlic, spices, vinegar, fish sauce and soy sauce. I'm having stir fry for supper tonight. My MFP entry for dinner includes raw chicken breast, uncooked rice noodles, 1 medium onion, 300g bok choy (guessed amount), 1/2 tbsp oil and 1/2 tbsp brown sugar. Only the oil, sugar, noodles and meat were carefully weighed.
I have a huge sweet tooth, too. This is my list of commonly eaten items: - sugar free, fat free jello pudding (only 100 calories in the whole box of powder) - plain greek yogurt mixed with peanut butter powder - [banana soft serve](http://www.thekitchn.com/how-to-make-creamy-ice-cream-with-just-one-ingredient-cooking-lessons-from-the-kitchn-93414), usually with cocoa powder or peanut butter powder mixed in - protein bars and smoothies - sugar free "fudgy pudding" made by mixing cocoa powder, a packet of stevia and a bit of almond milk - cereal - rice cakes or eggos with peanut butter - lower calorie ice cream. For example, I love [Chapman's dutch chocolate frozen yogurt](http://www.chapmans.ca/Products/FrozenYogurt/#DutchChocolateFrozenYogurt) at 90 calories per half cup
I really only have two goals when it comes to my macros: 100g of protein and 25g of fiber per day. Other than that, I just let everything else fall where it may.
When going to a restaurant that doesn't post calorie counts, it can be really hard to estimate, especially if you are still newer to counting calories. First thing I try is to compare the meal at the restaurant to a similar meal at a restaurant that does post calorie counts. For example, a burger from a local diner compared to a similar sized burger from Red Robin. Second thing is to attempt a mental breakdown of the ingredients of the dish. Say you get chicken tacos, you can estimate x calories per tortilla, x calories for cheese, x calories for chicken and so on. When it comes to meals likes curries, stews and stir fries, this gets really tricky because there's no way of knowing how much oil, cream, sugar and other calorie dense items went into the recipe. In these cases, I usually just throw in a blanket entry into My Fitness Pal for 1,000/1,500/2,000 calories based on how full I am after eating the meal. It's not super accurate, but it's better than nothing.
When your calories are too low, it is hard to get adequate vitamins and minerals, you increase your odds of losing muscle and not just fat, and there is a high risk of mental burnout.
Clear hard liquor (gin and vodka are my go-to's) mixed with 0 calorie mixers (diet soda, club soda, or water). Edit: check out [Get Drunk Not Fat](http://getdrunknotfat.com/)
[Cauliflower pizza crust](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/katie-lee/cauliflower-pizza-crust-2651381)
Relax, it's just water weight fluctuations! More than 100 pounds of you is water, for the rest of your life you are going to see your weight bouncing up and down as this water weight varies from day to day.
You can use the recipe builder in My Fitness Pal or you can just work it out by hand as follows (using the USDA database, MFP and google for calories numbers): - Bananas: weigh them on a scale. Assuming 2.5 bananas at 100 grams per banana = 250 grams = 225 calories - 1/3 cup butter = 540 calories - 3/4 cup sugar = 580 calories - 1 large egg = 75 calories - 1.5 cups flour = 680 calories. Don't worry about the baking soda, salt and vanilla. Total calories = 2,100 for the whole recipe. ETA: it took me less than five minutes to gather the above information. It gets easier the more you do it.
No, I buy other stuff, too. This is just a list of my most commonly eaten items. For further details, here's a list of this week's dinners: Monday: can of soup Tuesday: grilled sausages (bought on sale), corn on the cob and mushrooms Wednesday: stir fry of fresh wheat noodles, marinated chicken breast (one breast for two people), bok choy, peppers and onion Thursday: grilled frozen turkey burgers, corn on the cob and peppers Friday: probably roasted frozen green beans and turkey burger (I do the shopping on Saturday, so I'm usually out of fresh veg by Friday) Breakfasts are usually oatmeal with peanut butter and/or banana, greek yogurt with fruit, cereal, eggos with cheese and egg, or eggos with peanut butter. Lunches are often veggie based stews that I bulk prep on the weekend. Today, I had an Indian stew made of canned diced tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, peppers and spices.
For meat that loses a lot of fat while cooking, you just need to estimate. For example, when you look at a package of bacon, the nutritional info will often give data for raw and uncooked slices. In this case, if you drain away all the fat, then go with the cooked weight. For something like ground beef, I usually just stick with the raw weight nutritional info and consider any fat I drain off as a bonus (so, I'm overestimating my calories a bit with that).
Don't run every day, you need recovery time. I'd recommend following a dedicated training plan to improve your time. I'm not aware of any specific plans for 1.5 miles, but I think the [Hal Higdon Advanced 5k](http://www.halhigdon.com/training/50935/5K-Advanced-Training-Program) plan would work well for your purposes. Out of interest, how long does it currently take you to run 1.5 miles? I ask because 9 minutes is pretty speedy for the distance.
Are you sure it's 1.5 miles and not 1.5 kilometres? Check out a race predictor [here](https://www.mcmillanrunning.com/). 1.5 miles in 9 minutes is a 6:00/mile pace. It's understandable that a person will run slower as a race distance gets longer, so a "comparable" 5k pace is 6:26/mile, or 20 minutes total.
Height doesn't have much to do with it. The best runners aren't usually tall. See: [Great Marathoners Over Six Feet Tall are Rare](http://www.runnersworld.com/elite-runners/great-marathoners-over-six-feet-tall-are-rare). Generally, men are faster than women because of increased lung capacity resulting in an increased V02max and more testosterone = more muscle mass ([source](https://www.livescience.com/59289-why-men-run-faster-than-women.html))
I'd say about 2 tbsp for 1.5 bananas. Usually, I mix the cocoa powder with a bit of water or almond milk before mixing it into the bananas.
It's not leather, but I have an extra (unopened) one of [these](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B06XP686V4/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1) that I'll sell for $15.
There's not a lot of detail here, so all I can advise is to try dinners in the middle. Try eating an 1,100 calorie dinner that is comprised of some foods from your "800 calorie" dinner menu and some foods from your "1,600 calorie" dinner menu. It's not like your meals have to be either 100% "healthy" or 100% "less healthy".
Add noodles or rice to your stir fry. Add cheese or guacamole to your fajitas. With respect to leftovers, it sounds like you just need to meal plan better. Figure out how much you need, cook that much and freeze the rest for later.
How many grams of protein are you trying to eat? Generally, I get my protein from meat, eggs, greek yogurt, legumes, beans, protein powder and vegetables.
There's not a lot of difference between 1,400 and 1,500 but, sure, give 1,500 a try. But, stick to it every day. Regarding your once a week non-counting day, take a look at this comment in another subreddit [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/comments/6kc72i/sanity_youre_not_losing_fat_because_youre_eating/djlasnn/). You may be doing more "damage" on this one day than you think.
Cheese + cookie + two slices of pizza can easily be 800+ calories. For this reason, I track every day, even the bad ones. This way, you have good information to troubleshoot situations exactly like this.
Feel free to use your fitbit as motivation to move around more but don't worry about it for counting calories. Eat 1,200 calories per day. After a few weeks have gone by, eat more if you are losing weight too quickly (with one pound per week being a good rate of weight loss).
That's puzzling. It really sounds like you are doing everything right. How long have you been consistently at 1,600 calories? Over this time frame, what has your weight been? (i.e. exactly 165 pounds all the time?)
I'm not too worried about a few years ago. You were still a teenager and your habits would have been much different. Say over the last three months, what was your weight on Oct 1, Nov 1, Dec 1 and today? What have your average calories consumed been?
What is your height, weight and calorie goal? My first thought is that your calorie goal may be too aggressive and that's leading to the bingeing.
You can eat whatever you prefer. If something simple like eggs for breakfast and lunch is something that you enjoy and can keep up, then go nuts. All that really matters is the number of calories that you eat. You burn at least [2,500](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=male&amp;age=35&amp;lbs=258&amp;in=71&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) calories a day just going about regular life (i.e. without exercise). So, eating 1,500 calories a day would have you losing an average 2 pounds per week and 2,000 calories would have you losing an average 1 pound per week. Anything in the range of those two numbers is a great goal. What kind of foods do you like to eat now? The risk with taking on a restrictive diet (like a mono diet) is that there is a greater risk of mentally burning out and giving up entirely. For that reason, I prefer to keep eating the foods that I enjoy, just in portions that fit into my daily calorie goals.
4kg in two months is great progress, don't fix what isn't broken. If what you are doing keeps you happy and is sustainable, no need to change.
Whichever exercise is your focus should be the one you do first. I'm primarily a runner/biker and only do strength training as a supporting workout, so I do cardio first. If weight lifting is your priority, better to do that first.
I know what you mean. Once I switched to plain yogurt, the flavoured stuff just tastes weird. Do you add anything to your yogurt? My favourite combos are diced apples/pears and cinnamon or peanut butter powder.
1,600 calories is a good goal. You burn at least [2,250](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=35&amp;lbs=263&amp;in=64&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) calories per day, so 1,600 would result in a little over 1 pound per week fat loss, on average,
I just tried the egg white trick the first time yesterday and love what it does. Another current favourite I forgot to mention is "carrot cake" oats. I microwave my oats with about 1/4 cup of shredded carrots plus raisins and cinnamon.
Stir fries or roasted vegetables are my go-tos when I want a lot of volume for little calories. For stir fry, I'll use a base of thinly sliced cabbage, riced cauliflower or shiritaki noodles. Then I top with things like peppers, onions, bok choy, snow peas, green beans and mushrooms. For sauce, I most commonly do a combo of soy sauce, ginger, garlic, vinegar, fish sauce and sriracha. My favourite vegetables for roasting include green beans, broccoli, brussel sprouts, cauliflower and acorn/kabocha squash. I usually cook with just garlic, salt and pepper and then make a dip using ingredients like plain Greek yogurt and sour cream.
What did you set as your activity level and what do you do during the day and for exercise? [TDEECalculator.net](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=25&amp;lbs=210&amp;in=72&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) estimates your sedentary maintenance calories to be about 2,170. So even without exercise, eating 1,780 would have you on track to lose 0.8 pounds per week. If you are active, you'd lose faster.
Lightly active may be a touch aggressive, but not excessively so. I'd give 1,700 calories a go for a few weeks. If you are unsatisfied with your progress, then you can adjust your goal as needed.
For the steak, was that 3oz raw or cooked? Most I've seen are closer to 200 calories for 3oz cooked.
Right, but the sweet potato is contributing around 75 calories as well
1,600 is a good calorie goal for around 2 pounds per week weight loss for you. If you find you are having a hard time at that level, you could up the calories closer to 2,000. Weight loss would be a bit slower, but if it means you are more likely to stick with it, that's better.
Everyone who exercises is motivated differently. The first point of advice is usually to try everything to see what you like, but it sounds like you've already done that. So, I'll just share what motivates me. I primarily run and bike. While I do enjoy being out biking, running is hard and boring most of the time. What motivates me to get out there is signing up for races and setting personal goals. I love the satisfaction of finishing a run or race, persevering through the "hard and boring" and accomplishing the goals that I set. To help deal with the "boring" side of exercise, I watch new tv shows and movies on Netflix while running and biking indoors. Outdoors, I listen to interesting podcasts or go running with other people where we can chat the whole time.
Did you measure out 100g of dried chickpeas or cooked chickpeas? 100g of cooked chickpeas have about [160 calories](https://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods/show/4796?fgcd=&amp;manu=&amp;lfacet=&amp;format=&amp;count=&amp;max=50&amp;offset=&amp;sort=default&amp;order=asc&amp;qlookup=cooked+chickpeas&amp;ds=&amp;qt=&amp;qp=&amp;qa=&amp;qn=&amp;q=&amp;ing=).
As chickpeas cook, they absorb water which adds to their mass but not their calories. For example, if you take 100g of dried chickpeas, they have about 400 calories, as you mentioned. When you cook them, they absorb water so that by the end of cooking, they still have 400 calories, but they now weigh 250g. If you weighed them 100g dry, then yeah, it's 400 calories. It's up to you to decide whether 400 calories in chickpeas is "worth it" when your calorie budget is only 1,200. This is where it takes a few weeks to really get into the swing of things when counting calories. Once you know how many calories are in the foods you like, you can start making choices on what to cut and what to keep.
If you are cutting your calories too aggressively, you are more likely to binge, thereby eliminating any deficit you create on the "good" days. For this reason, it's best to set a reasonable calorie goal such as 500 under maintenance. What is your height, weight and calorie goal?
Excluding exercise, you burn about [1,700](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=19&amp;lbs=145&amp;in=65&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) calories per day. For one pound per week weight loss, you would aim for 1,200 calories. What do you do for your workouts?
In your first reply, you said 4oz of nuts. 170 calories of nuts is one oz. Volume wise, that's less than 2 tbsp.
I say don't worry about it. I've been in maintenance for a while and I always go nuts on vacation. I'm not just talking about not tracking. I'm talking about 4,000+ calories per day. But, you know what? I only go on vacation once, maybe twice per year. I tend to come back from vacation 7-10 pounds heavier but within a few days all but maybe 3 pounds is water weight that falls off within a week. As for the 3 pounds of actual gain, I can fix that with a few weeks of keeping to a calorie deficit. Enjoy your vacation and resume your calorie deficit when you get back. Worse case you'll reach your final weight loss goal 1-2 weeks later than initially expected. In the grand scheme, not a big deal.
It's all relative. My maintenance is 2,400 so I really don't have any trouble hitting 4,000, especially once things like alcohol start getting involved.
With respect to calories burned from exercise, at your size, you will burn 75-100 calories per mile ran. So, with setting calorie goals that take your exercise into consideration, you have two options: - Set a "base" of 1,300 calories and then eat extra calories on running days depending on the length of the run - Average out the calories burned from your runs over the course of the week. Say you run 25 miles per week. That's about 2,100 calories burned or 300 calories per day. This would bring your calorie goal to 1,600 per day, regardless of whether you run or not. I think that if you stick to one of the above, you will lose weight. The key is to make sure that you are honest, accurate and consistent in your calorie counting. Track every day, track every bite and sip and weigh your food as much as possible.
It's water weight plus the weight of food you've eaten over the course of the day. I like weighing myself daily for this reason. I find it useful to get used to the fluctuations.
No, they look perfect! The crispy edge bits are the best part.
Your BMR is just what you burn if you were lying down unmoving all day. Using TDEEcalculator.net, I calculate your TDEE, or maintenance level calories, to be at least [2,970](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=male&amp;age=28&amp;lbs=342&amp;in=67&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1). Given this, 2,070 calories per day is a great goal for just under 2 pounds per week weight loss. For pasta, the nutrition info on the box will be for dry weight. For most pastas, you are looking at 370 calories per 100g (3.5oz) dry. 12oz of dry pasta would have 1,250 calories. I don't like the term "cheat day". Rather, I eat more some days, but I still track my calories so that I can see how these days impact my average calorie intake.
They'll be the tiniest touch sweeter. Otherwise, should be fine.
I get a lot of use out of my treadmill, but I only bought one after I'd been running for several years, so I knew it was a hobby I would stick with. In the summer, I only use my treadmill once or twice a week. In the winter, though, all my weekday runs are on the treadmill because I won't run outside in the dark during winter. As an aside, adding exercise won't necessarily result in weight loss. For many people, myself included, exercise increases hunger such that you end up eating more without even realizing. The only way to lose weight is to make sure that you are consuming fewer calories than you burn.
My breakfasts never take more than 5 minutes to make. Doesn't stopping at a fast food joint take more time than that?
Welcome! What's your plan?
BMR is just what you burn if you were to lie down unmoving all day. Because you are up, moving around and doing stuff, you burn more than that. TDEECalculator.net estimates your sedentary (i.e. non-exercise) TDEE to be [1,670 calories](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=20&amp;lbs=140&amp;in=64&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1). So, you just need to eat less than this number to lose weight. Generally, it's recommended that women not go below 1,200 calories as it's hard to get adequate nutrition on less than this. In your case, calorie intake of 1,200 calories ought to result in an average of around 1 pound per week fat loss, so that's a good goal for you. If you exercise, it may be advised to eat a bit more than this. Do you workout? What are your daily activities like?
It's sounds like you have a good plan. Yeah, it's hard counting when you aren't preparing foods yourself. If you find you aren't making any progress (i.e. more than a month goes by with zero decrease on the scale), then you may need to reduce your calories further.
I don't have a specific meal plan, per se, but my meals tend to consist of three main categories of dishes: stir fries, "sheet pan meals" and big salads - Stir fries are great because you can customize the starch/base, protein, vegetable and sauce/seasoning depending on what you have on hand and what's on sale at the grocery store. As well, the start to finish time is usually only 20 minutes or so. - Sheet pan meals take more time (30-60 min), but it's mostly hands off. For this, I cut up vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower, green beans, brussel sprouts, carrots, potatoes etc), toss with oil, garlic, salt and pepper and throw into the oven alongside a protein like chicken thighs, pre-made or frozen meatballs, chopped sausage, pre-made or frozen burger patties or tofu. - For salads, I live using slaw mixes like [this](https://www.presidentschoice.ca/en_CA/products/productlisting/pc-kale-slaw.html) as the base because they are heartier than lettuce. This means that they are good in the fridge for several days and often cheaper than most other vegetables.
Saving some clicks: - Anju - Bar Von Der Fels - Bonterra Trattoria - Bridgette Bar - Deane House - Foreign Concept - The Nash - Pigeonhole - River Cafe - Rouge - Suzette Brittany Bistro - Ten Foot Henry
I find that if I don't eat enough fat, I feel a similar unsatisfied feeling. How much fat are you getting in your diet?
That's good to know. I have xanthan gum on hand, how much to do add for a box of pudding?
I get dizzy if I stand up too fast because my blood pressure is on the low side. It's worth bringing up with your doctor, but there is a chance there's nothing to be done about it except making a point ot get up more slowly.
Do you have even a couple hours one day a week you can dedicate to cooking? If so, r/mealprepsunday would be great for you.
I like going for runs when I'm on vacation because they offer a great way to see sights. These runs are never intense, just wandering sightseeing runs. I do try to fit in a couple strength training workouts at the gym, because I figure as long as I'm overeating, I may as well try to divert some of that energy into muscle growth. On vacation, I eat whatever I want. I don't track, but to keep my streak going in MFP I enter a super rough estimate of how many calories I felt I ate each day, whether that's 3,000 or 4,000+. I usually come back from vacation 5-10 pounds heavier than when I left. Most of this is water weight gain from salty meals and airplane travel. Within a week, my weight settles to reveal my actual fat gain which is 1-2 depending on the length of vacation and how nuts I went food-wise.
Aside from accuracy in tracking calories, another big plus of the scale is that it reduces dishes being dirtied. No more dirtying measuring cups and spoons, since you can dish out right onto your plate/bowl/whatever!
I don't add back any calories from walking. I just consider those part of my calorie "base". I add back calories burned from running, biking and swimming.
At that calorie level, your expected fat loss is 0.5-1 pounds per week. Considering the holidays just ended a week ago, it's very possible that water weight fluctuations are "hiding" the 0.5-1 pound that you ought to have lost in the last week. As long as you are confident in your calorie tracking and you stick to calories under 1,600, you should see a loss in the coming weeks.
In the last four weeks, how many days did you go over 1,500 calories? On those days, how many calories did you eat?
How many calories are you eating? It is possible to see a 5 pound gain on the scale from water weight fluctuations. I always gain 3-5 pounds the week before my period. As well, new or increased exercise and a particularly large meals can result in a 5 pound gain in water weight.
The calculators are going to vary based on what you set as your activity level and what you've set as your weight loss goal. If you use the same calculators, but choose "maintain weight", I would imagine you'd get more consistent results.
I would say you are both sedentary. In the end, the calculators are just estimates. Only your actual results can tell you your actual TDEE. So, pick a calorie goal, give it a go for a few weeks at least then adjust up or down based on how fast you are losing weight.
What is your height and weight?
I think you are making this too complicated. What is your height and weight?
A TDEE of 2,000 calories sounds about right. To lose 30 pounds by May (15 weeks) would require a loss of 2 pounds per week. Since you are already a healthy weight (BMI 23.8), this is likely too aggressive a goal. Is there a reason you are wanting to lose 30 pounds? This would bring your down to a BMI of 19.1 which isn't far from the "underweight" bracket. In any case, 1,400 calories is a good goal for weight loss of a little over 1 pound per week.
In that case, just getting in there is the most important thing. I like to watch tv shows on Netflix while during cardio, so whatever I'm watching will often dictate whether I do 30 minutes, an hour or whatever.
BMI is strictly a formula based on height and weight. It is possible to be "skinny fat" where a person's weight classifies them as normal, but they are carrying excess fat. I have no way of knowing whether you actually have excess fat, or whether there is a bit of body dismorphia going on.
I had assumed the wine/beer was included in the calorie count. If you are going to track, try to track everything. For fats, look to things like nuts and nut butters, full fat dairy, avocado, meat, coconut and other oils and eggs.
I do the same in maintenance. My natural appetite will keep me overweight, so I continue tracking to keep my weight down. Plus, I like tracking because it removes any guilt around calorie dense food. I will freely eat ice cream or whatever because I always know that it fits into my calorie budget.
What do you mean by "try to stick around 1,500 calories"? Over the last month, what has your actual average calorie intake been, including the holidays?
I get the sense that runners get really good at mental math and playing around with fractions.
14 pounds lost in one month is incredibly fast. "Normal" weight loss is 1-2 pounds per week. Has your weight changed at all since Jan 1?
You're right, they don't exist. Somatotypes have been debunked for a while. It is true that people have appetites and habits that will lead them to be a certain way, but this is more of a mental factor than a physical one.
I never did more than a 500/day deficit, so 1,900 on average.
One week is too short a time to conclude one way or another. The most fat loss you can reasonably expect in a week is 1 pound. It's possible that your diet is fine for 1 pound per week weight loss and that a minor water weight increase is "hiding" this loss. Or, it's possible that you are eating the same number of calories that you need to maintain your weight and you won't see a change on the scale. You'll have to stick with it for at least a few weeks before you can conclude on whether or not this plan is working.
There are general health benefits to eating a diet with sufficient vitamins, minerals, protein, fats, fiber, etc, but when it comes to weight loss, you need to eat fewer calories then you burn. If you are maintaining your weight on your current diet, you will need to eat less if you want to lose weight.
It sounds like you know what you need to do. You gained 4 pounds in September. You got back on track in October and lost the 4 pounds gained. Then you stopped tracking and stopped losing. Start tracking your calories again. Keep to around 1,500 calories and you'll start losing again. Good luck!
Congrats on the 20 pounds lost! At your height, losing 1 pound a week is a very reasonable goal. So to be on track to lose 5.6 pounds this month is great. It sounds like you are doing everything right, so I'd say just keep at it and be patient.
One other thing to keep in mind is that weight loss isn't linear. Over 100 pounds of you is water; factors like your hormone cycle, exercise intensity, salt intake and stress can and will cause your water weight to fluctuate 5+ pounds at a time. This means that it's possible to lose 3/4/5/etc pounds in fat, but have an offsetting increase in water weight "hide" this fat loss on the scale. So, sometimes several weeks can go by where you see no loss, then a sudden drop on the scale as extra water weight is released.
Have you changed the types of foods you are eating? It's a lot easier to eat 2,400+ calories in fast food, soft drinks and candy than in vegetables, whole grains and lean meats. At your size, 2,400 calories is about right for your TDEE, even more if you exercise. So, 1,900 is a good calorie goal for weight loss.
That's a rude question for someone to ask. How close is the person asking this? If it happens again, just say no then move on in the conversation.
What is your current height and weight? 40 pounds in 5 months is around 2 pounds per week. This may or may not be doable depending on how much weight you have to lose.
I use My Fitness Pal to track my food. When it comes to my eating, these are my priorities: - Keep to my calorie budget - Get 100g+ of protein per day - Get 30g+ of fiber per day - Get 50g+ of fat per day (closer to 80g is better for me) - Have vegetables with every lunch and dinner Since the struggle with plant based eating tends to be towards getting sufficient fat and protein, I find the above is sufficient to meet those needs.
Before exercise, you burn around [2,200 calories per day](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=male&amp;age=25&amp;lbs=175&amp;in=72&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1). For one pound per week weight loss, 1,700 is a good goal to start. Maybe add 200 more on days you play tennis.
Yeah, you just need to be patient. Since you don't have much to lose, you can't really expect to lose more than 1 pound per week. So, it can be hard to see results after only a couple weeks. If over a month goes by with no change on the scale, then you'll have to reassess your calorie tracking.
The macro split is up to you. At a bare minimum, I'd aim for 30g of fat and 50g of protein. I personally aim for 80g of fat (but I rarely hit this) and 100g of protein, but I have a higher calorie goal. There's no way of saying what it will take to lose 1-2 inches off your waist. Unfortunately, you can't choose where fat will come off your body first. You could lose 10 pounds and have it all come off you midsection or none of it.
Can you share your MFP diary or at least a screen shot of a "normal" day's food?
What portion of nuts did you eat? I'm not trying to badger, it just helps to have all the info. For example: - Breakfast: Egg (75) + Apple (80) = 155 - Snack: 1/2 cup 2% plain Greek yogurt (90) + 2 tbsp (30g) nuts (190) = 280 - Lunch: Vegetables (50) + 100g cooked chicken breast (110) + 1 tbsp/15g sesame seeds (90) + 2 tbsp light dressing (30) = 280 - Dinner: 1/2 cup/90g cooked rice (85) + vegetables (100) + 200g cooked chicken breast (220) + 1 tbsp/14g oil (120) = 525 Total = 1,240
Fruit was a big surprise to me when I started using a food scale. A standard grocery store apple can be 150-200 calories. 100 calories worth of grapes is a surprisingly small portion. Etc. Nuts are even worse. 100 calories of almonds is only 14 almonds, on average.
I would log 169.5. I always figure that factors such as hormones and exercise can make my weight artificially high, but nothing (aside from stomach flu) will make my weight artificially low.
I agree with /u/funchords, 2,300 is likely too many calories for weight loss. As far as what you were eating before, there is no way you were maintaining 203 pounds on less than 2,000 calories. Maybe on "normal" days you did stick to 2,000 calories but on weekends there were meals out and/or alcohol that pushed your average calorie intake higher. As well, people are terrible at estimating the calories in food, so if you weren't tracking regularly and accurately, who's to say how many calories you were eating. In any case, it doesn't matter what you ate before. I believe that if you stick to a consistent and accurate calorie intake at or just under 2,000 calories per day, you'll lose weight.
Measuring cups are only good for measuring liquids. Depending on how almonds settle in a cup, you can fit vastly different quantities. Use a food scale for the almonds. 14 grams = 100 calories. Also, track the calories in vegetables. I know I personally eat at least 300 calories in vegetables each day.
Starvation mode is not something that comes into play until a person is literally starving with no fat reserves left. When you say you've been floating around 200 pounds for a month, does that mean your weight has been exactly 200 pounds this whole time? With an average calorie intake of 1,500 per day, your expected fat loss is about 1 pound per week. This means that with the higher calorie holidays in the last month, your expected fat loss from this past month is less than 4 pounds.
Since you've seen 198 on the scale recently, I would count that as your current weight. Assuming you didn't eat 7,000 calories over maintenance in the last week, today's 200 is just a couple pounds higher because of water weight fluctuations. So, that means you've seen weight loss as expected in the last month. Congrats on continuing to lose throughout the holidays! Just be patient and consistent in your tracking and you will continue to see weight loss.
What did you make?
Weight loss isn't linear. It's normal for your water weight to fluctuate 5+ pounds at time so even if you've lost 1.5 pounds of fat in a week, it's possible for the scale to show anything from a loss of 4 pounds to a *gain* of a few pounds. As well, the TDEE calculators are just estimates. Maybe what you think is a 600 calorie per day deficit is actually 500 calories per day. In any case, you've lost weight so it sounds like what you are doing is working. Just be patient and keep at it.
You've lost 25 pounds in two months, that's crazy fast! We can work out your actual TDEE using your results. If we assume that 5 of those pounds were an initial drop in water weight, then we know you've eaten 70,000 calories below maintenance in the last two months (3,500 calories x 20 pounds). Over 60 days, this is an average daily deficit of 1,166 calories. If you've been eating 1,500 calories per day, then your maintenance is about 2,700 calories (1,500 + 1,166). You don't need to be eating less than 1,500 calories. You can eat 2,000 a day and still lose more than a pound per week.
Where are you in your cycle? I always gain 3-5 pounds in water weight the week before my period. This extra weight sticks around for about a week before falling off.
It's ok for foods with no label, you can just google. For example, when I do a search for ["calories brussel sprouts"](https://www.google.ca/search?q=calories+brussel+sprouts&amp;oq=calories+brussel&amp;aqs=chrome.0.0j69i57j0l4.6591j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8) a nutrition chart pops up on the side which shows that brussel sprouts have 389mg of potassium per 100g serving. A given entry for brussel sprouts in MFP may or may not have potassium included.
Yes, you will lose weight eating 1,500-2,000 calories per day. I don't know how tall you are, but depending on this you burn anywhere from 2,700-3,000+ calories per day. So, even at the high end of 2,000 calories per day, you'll lose over a pound a week.
I like [Jordan's Skinny Syrups](https://store.skinnymixes.com/skinny-syrups-c2.aspx). Vanilla almond and salted caramel are my favourites.
Some people find the artificial sweeteners increase their cravings for regular sugar. As long as you don't have and give into these cravings, there's no risk to drinking diet soda.
Thanks for this recipe! I always have these ingredients on hand so this will be a great last minute dinner.
I find that continuing to track helps me in situations like this. Even if you are going to go over your calorie goal, just writing down what you are eating can deter you from going *that* far over. For the alcohol side of things, check out [http://getdrunknotfat.com/](http://getdrunknotfat.com/).
What has been your average calorie intake from Jan 1 to today?
I imagine they're pretty motivated to meet the October completion timeline. To have only half a food court available during Christmas season next year would not be good.
When it comes to weight loss and gain, it's all about how much you eat. It's possible to eat too much "healthy" food and gain weight. For this reason, many people find it easiest to lose weight by tracking their calorie intake to make sure they aren't eating too much. I'd recommend reading the [Quick Start Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/quick_start_guide).
I'm in Canada so this is probably no help, but I always buy mine at Winners and Home Sense (TJ Maxx type stores).
When you upped your calorie intake from your previous 1,200, there is a sort of "permanent" weight gain in the form of the added food in your digestive system and water held to process this food. This isn't fat gain, it just shows up as a gain on the scale. As well, looking at the chart you posted, you had a couple high calorie days just two days ago. This will also result in a temporary increase in water weight. Your maintenance calories should be at least 1,600 calories. Give this calorie intake a go for a few weeks and see what happens. If you lose more weight, add more calories.
What's your calorie goal and maintenance? Assuming your calorie goal is reasonable, being satisfied is a matter of playing around with meal timing and composition. Maybe you'll be more satisfied on 2 big meals a day or 6 small ones. Low carb, high fat might work for you, o maybe you are better off with a lower fat, higher fiber diet. What are you currently eating on a normal day?
- Plain Greek yogurt - Raw vegetables with hummus - Nuts (a 100 calorie serving is 14-15g or 1 tbsp of peanut butter, about 14 almonds) - Protein bar - Cup of soup - Roasted chickpeas Also, you don't need to eat breakfast. If you aren't hungry until lunch, then skipping breakfast gives you more "food budget" for later in the day.
What are you hoping to benefit from doing a 32 hour fast? You might have more luck looking at r/fasting.
Yeah, I think you are pushing too hard. You've lost 40 pounds in 14 weeks, that means you are eating more than 1,000 calories per day below maintenance. No wonder your energy is low! Try upping your calories to 1,500 or so. I bet you'll find the extra 300 calories help.
I usually eat an hour or so after I finish a run, but sometimes it stretches to 2 hours. I don't aim to eat within a particular time, it's just that my routine is to run first thing in the morning then get ready for work, commute and then have breakfast at the office. I take water on runs longer than an hour. I bring some kind of food when the run is longer than 2 hours (usually some gummies).
Welcome! What's your plan?
Whatever habits you adopt to lose weight are the same habits you'll need to keep to sustain the weight loss. For me, this meant that no foods foods were forbidden during weight loss, I just ate less of the foods I enjoyed. As well, any and all exercise I did during weight loss was for the fitness benefit and I've since stuck with the same fitness routine.
I agree, you didn't get to "overweight" by eating too little. But, what are you eating now?
I love cabbage because it's versatile, low calorie, cheap and lasts in the fridge for weeks. No specific recipes, but here's a bunch of uses I have for cabbage: - Sliced into thin strips and sauteed to use as a noodle replacement in stir fries and with marinara-type sauces - Braised with broth and onions to be eaten as a side with pretty much anything - Chopped finely as a base for salads - Cut into wedges and roasted with garlic as a side dish - Chopped and added to soups and stews to add bulk
So your average calorie intake has been 1,900 over the last three weeks? Does this include weekends and New Years? 1,900 is only slightly below maintenance, so any inaccuracies in tracking or a single higher calorie day during the week will eliminate the deficit, so you aren't going to lose weight. You aren't going to lose fat and gain muscle at the same time, so you need to decide what you want to do first and then commit to that. Either cut by eating a strict 1,700-1,900 calories per day for at least a month, or bulk by eating 2,500-2,700 while lifting heavy.
I think a 1,000 calorie deficit is too much and you risk losing too much muscle. As I said in my comment above, aim for 1,700-1,900 calories to lose weight.
I had always used calorie counting attempts to lose weight. Over most of my twenties, I kept failing in two ways: - I tracked my calories inaccurately (poorly eyeballing portions and sometimes logging days later) and I would fail to lose weight - I would stop tracking altogether and gain weight Only when I started tracking my calories honestly, accurately and consistently did I lose the weight and keep it off.
Welcome, it sounds like you have a great plan! &gt;I now plan to shoot for a couple 1200 calorie days so that I can average 1500 a day if I mess up one day This system works really well for me. I aim for 100-200 calories per day under my goal because generally one day a week there is a party, holiday, dinner out etc that results in a higher calorie day. Not a cheat day, just a higher calorie one.
My maintenance calories are higher than what most of the calculators would suggest as well. This is what I love about having the data, it's great to have the knowledge of your own maintenance calories! As for your metabolism, maybe you fidget more than the average person or get more non-exercise movement. In any case, congrats on the weight loss!
Skirts and dresses. The nice thing about dresses is that picking out an outfit is easy because it's only one piece to choose.
Don't worry about it. Even when you are done losing weight and switch to maintenance, your weight is going to constantly fluctuate 5+ pounds. No use obsessing over small variations.
This is my kind of dinner! Love the caramelization on the sprouts. How did you do your acorn squash? I usually roast mine like potato wedges, leaving the skin on.
Pre-emptive caveat: Always best to talk to a doctor for stuff like this. I get dizzy from low blood pressure if I don't get enough salt, so I know what you mean. For low calorie salt options, look at pickles, seaweed snacks, broth ([Better Than Bouillon](https://www.betterthanbouillon.com/) is super tasty) and vegetables with dips/sauces involving soy sauce, mustard and hot sauce.
When you've counted without results, what was your calorie goal and for how long did you try it?
How long have you been on 1,200-1,400 calories? Your average loss should be somewhere around 1.5 pounds per week at that level. What kinds of foods do you like to eat? I like taking my favourite foods and playing around with ingredients and cooking methods to get them to fit my calorie goals. For example, I love pizza. So, one of my missions in life is to "pizza-fy" low calorie ingredients. For one example, I'll take eggplant, slice it into rounds then top with marinara and a little bit of cheese and salami.
[Hayden Block](http://www.haydenblockyyc.com/) in Calgary, AB.
2 pounds per week is great progress! Whether you want to eat one big meal, 3 medium meals or 10 small meals is entirely up to you. Whatever makes it easiest for you to stick to your calorie goal is the best way.
Sorry, my bad. Yes, I misread GW as current. The estimate is about the same. 1 pounds per week is good progress.
It won't be a dead sub if all the "Guess the Calorie" posts from this sub move to that one, though.
That frosting looks great! How did you make it?
What did your doctor say about this? From what I understand, blood protein levels aren't related to your intake of dietary protein: [https://www.livestrong.com/article/250727-reasons-for-low-protein-levels-in-blood/](https://www.livestrong.com/article/250727-reasons-for-low-protein-levels-in-blood/).
What is the portion size of the nuts/raisins you eat? Do you eat the same on weekends? Has your weight changed at all in the last month?
That adds up to 1,850. Previously, you said you averaged 1,600. I'm guessing that if 1,850 is your normal day, your weekends are likely 2,500-3,500 calories, pushing your average closer to 2,100 calories, which isn't far from maintenance. In any case, it doesn't matter. Your current diet is your maintenance since you are maintaining your weight. Cut 500 calories per day from your regular food and you'll lose 1 pound per week.
This sounds like more than 1,000 calories to me. A normal flour tortilla alone is around 200 calories. Can you post a screenshot of your diary showing what adds up to less than 1,000?
I go through a lot of canned tomatoes for use in soups, chilis and whatnot. I've always bought diced tomatoes because they are the easiest and all the "types" cost the same anyway. Recently, though, I was listening to a podcast where the hosts discussed why you should buy whole canned tomatoes instead of diced. Apparently, diced tomatoes are treated with calcium chloride to prevent them breaking down in the can whereas whole tomatoes either aren't treated or at least need less. Since then, I started buying the whole one and...holy yum! Even buying the same brand, the whole ones are so much more...tomato-y than the diced ones. I'll never go back, now.
- Raw vegetables with mustard, salsa, hummus or guacamole - Roasted chickpeas - Pickles and cheese - Plain Greek yogurt with mix-ins including peanut butter powder, oats, granola, berries, chopped apples/pears, cinnamon and cocoa powder - Cereal with or without milk - Rick cakes with peanut butter - Oatmeal (favourite combos include diced apples and cinnamon, banana and almond butter, and peanut butter and jelly) - Canned pumpkin mixed with peanut powder and/or cocoa powder
It seems most animal products are more expensive here. The absolute cheapest I can get eggs is $2.29/dozen. 2L (1/2 a gallon) of milk is about $3.50. I buy almond milk because the price is the same on the shelf, but with coupons and grocery store offers I can end up getting it for half price.
I love love love peanut butter powder! I stir in into plain Greek yogurt, I mix it with canned pumpkin, I add it to oatmeal and smoothies. I'll warm up a mug of almond milk with peanut butter powder for a peanut butter version of hot cocoa. I use it for peanut sauce in stir fry.In baking, you can replace up to 1/3 of the weight/volume of flour for peanut butter powder without changing the chemistry.
Getting better at running is all about consistency. I like following training plans leading up to races to get me ready. I find that, as long as I'm consistent in following a given plan, I'm race-ready. As they say "trust the training". This weekend, I had my first race of the year: a flat 5k. I had three goals going into the race: 1. 1st overall female 2. Sub 20:30 for a standalone 5k PR 3. Sub 19:57 for an overall 5k PR Official time: **20:01** With a small race field (only about 200 women) I managed the first goal. I was able to meet my second goal as well, but I was a stupid 4 seconds off a new PR. Drat! Of well, still happy.
This weekend, I had my first race of the year: a flat 5k. I had three goals going into the race: 1. 1st overall female 2. Sub 20:30 for a standalone 5k PR 3. Sub 19:57 for an overall 5k PR (I run faster 5ks at the end of multisport races) Official time: **20:01** With a small race field (only about 200 women) I managed the first goal. I was able to meet my second goal as well, but I was a stupid 4 seconds off a new PR. Drat! Oh well, still happy.
The second person will burn fewer calories, but not a huge difference. From [https://www.outsideonline.com/1786656/do-seasoned-runners-burn-fewer-calories-newbies](https://www.outsideonline.com/1786656/do-seasoned-runners-burn-fewer-calories-newbies): &gt;One study published in the Journal of Applied Physiology determined that well-trained runners burn five to seven percent fewer calories than their nonathletic counterparts. A run you did as a newbie athlete that burned 500 calories, for example, might burn 465 to 475 calories when you’re better trained, assuming you’ve stayed the same weight.
Don't worry about past years at this point, just focus on the last few weeks. What have your workouts been like the last three weeks? What does a normal 1,900 calories day look like for you? Can you post a screenshot or breakdown from your food diary?
So since Christmas you've been eating 1,500 calories per day? How has your weight changed in these last 3 weeks?
Thanks! It's been a slow and steady progression over the years. Being 31 now, I think I can look forward to a few more years of improvement before age starts taking its toll.
Is it water or gas bloating? It sounds like maybe you have a food intolerance. Have you talked to a doctor about this?
You maintenance calories are around [1,850 per day](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=metric&amp;g=female&amp;age=27&amp;kg=81&amp;cm=165&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) before exercise, so eating 1,600 calories should result in a little more than 0.5 pounds weight loss per week. It's possible that you have lost 3-4 pounds of fat in the last 6 weeks, but you are retaining a bit of extra water that is "hiding" some of this loss. You are losing, which is great, so if you stay consistent and be patient, you'll keep losing. If you want to lose a bit faster, you could knock 100 or 200 calories off your daily intake.
Beautiful mirror glaze! What was the filling?
Dresses and skirts work really well when you are in a weight transition. Many are made of stretchy materials that work over a wide size range. For skirts, you can just wear them higher on your waist as you lose weight.
It sounds like IF is working really well for you to help stick to a calorie goal! Regarding the 1/2 pound of weight loss in a week, I wouldn't worry too much about it at this point. As a female, you're prone to water weight swings much more extreme then men. For this reason, I find you really need to let a full 4 week cycle go by to "assess" how a diet change is working.
As a short person, it's not really reasonable to expect 2 pounds per week weight loss with a 1,000 calories deficit. However, the benefit is that, also as a short person, every pound lost has more of an impact. Whatever difference a six foot tall person sees from losing 10 pounds, a short person will see the same difference from only 5 pounds.
A 1,000 calories per day deficit is fine for you. That correlates to an average fat loss of 2 pounds per week which, for you is 1% of your body weight which is perfectly fine. Have you been losing weight around this rate eating 1,500 per day?
Ditto /u/BugZwugZ and /u/ThatCanadianGuy88. If you feel fine with your current eating, then feel free to continue. If you want to eat a bit more, though, you could add up to 500 calories a day and still lose a pound a week.
[A post from yesterday on this topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/7se4kd/the_science_behind_artificial_sweeteners_are_they/). Summary, artificial sweeteners are fine so long as you aren't drinking 20-30+ cans per day.
What are you doing for workouts? When I plug your stats into TDEEcalculator.net, I get a sedentary TDEE of [2,060](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=22&amp;lbs=197&amp;in=69&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1). So, intake of 2,200 sounds a bit high for weight loss. I'd recommend lowering your calories to around 1,800 or so.
At most I would guess you are burning an average 300-400 calories per day from exercise (more on kickboxing/cardio days, less on yoga/strength days) so that would bring your maintenance up to about 2,400. Given that, your actual weight loss is bang on as expected.
I find it so interesting to see the parallels between posts on here and posts on r/personalfinance. Over there, you'll get people coming over saying "my expenses are less than my income, why am I still living paycheck to paycheck?". Then, when posters suggest writing down everything they spend, you come to find that the poster is slowly frittering away $5 on a coffee here and $50 on new clothing there, so that in the end, the paycheck is gone. It's the same way with food. People often forget about the little things, or they don't see how everything adds up to their food/calorie budget until they write it all down.
Based on the chart [here](https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-de4225e059fc064d443eca99a6f597b7.webp) I'd say 25-29%?
What did you put as your activity level in MFP? I agree, TDEEcalculator.net gives a sedentary TDEE of [2,380](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=male&amp;age=38&amp;lbs=240&amp;in=68&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1). From this, one pound per week weight loss would be a calorie intake of about 1,900. Do you do any exercise?
For any Canadians in the room: - [Red Flag Deals](https://www.redflagdeals.com/) - [I Love Savings](https://ilovesavings.ca/) - [Smart Canucks](https://smartcanucks.ca/)
I like TDEECalculator.net. Per that site, your sedentary TDEE is about [2,300 calories per day](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=male&amp;age=20&amp;lbs=195&amp;in=71&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1). For one pound per week weight loss, eat 1,800. You could probably bump this up to 1,900, maybe 2,000 depending on your workouts if you feel you need the extra energy for those workouts.
Your plan sounds good. I recommend reading the faq at r/leangains for info on bulking.
That just sounds like a scale error/fluke. I wouldn't worry about it.
When you buy the chicken the weight should be on the package. From there, you can at least estimate by dividing the total weight by the number of breasts.
I know what you mean, it is hard with meals out. I find a single meal out pushes me over my calorie goal for the day. So, the only way I can really manage is to limit my meals out to being a once per week thing. Otherwise, an option is to practice a form of intermittent fasting on the weekends where you have the good meal out but otherwise don't each much the rest of the day.
2.68 pounds is 1,215 grams. If we assume each breast weighs the same (they won't, but it's all we can do here), then each one weighs about 150 grams. In my earlier comment, I said that 100g of raw chicken breast is 120 calories. So, one of your 150g breasts is about 180 calories.
I use [this one](https://www.amazon.com/AccuWeight-scale-Multifunction-Capacity-Tempered/dp/B013WU0CZW/ref=sr_1_12?s=home-garden&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516899743&amp;sr=1-12&amp;keywords=food+scale) only $10 on Amazon.
It's natural. Around 60% of your mass is water. This mass will constantly vary based on workouts, hormones, fiber intake, salt intake, etc. So, for your water weight to bounce up and down 5+ pounds at a time is perfectly reasonable. A 5 pound increase in water weight will easily hide 2-4 weeks of fat loss, making it look like a plateau.
I'm jumping in here, but I find the fluctuations worse. In a normal week, my weight bounces up and down 4 pounds or so. I've temporarily gained 10 pounds after vacations.
On game day, instead of just eating a snack during the day, have a big lunch whenever is convenient for you before 3:30. This will give you the "fuel in the tank" you need for the evening activities.
On the flip side, when I scoop, say, 15g of peanut butter out of the jar, you can bet I'm going to lick off the knife after spreading the peanut butter onto my bread. I figure, if I'm counting and tracking those 15g, I'm eating every last one of them, damnit!
Exercise is great, but weight loss is about diet. Check out the [Quick Start Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/quick_start_guide) for all the info you need!
Oftentimes the distance read-out on spin bikes is a result of the cadence, but doesn't take into consideration the resistance, this makes it pretty useless as a metric. For example, two people could be pedalling at a cadence of 90 rpm for 30 minutes: one at a 20% resistance and the other at 50% resistance. Even though the second person is working harder and would be going further if it was "real life" biking, the two bikes will both read out the same distance in the end.
Sure, I'm sure if you post people will help
Do you guys have jobs lined up? Where are you going to be working? Calgary's a physically large city, so that's one of the biggest factors to help figure out where's best to live.
I have a hard time avoiding snacking at work, too. My main strategy is to occupy myself with low calorie drinks and chews like: - tea - coffee - sparkling water - gum - hot broth - pickles - sugar free jello - raw vegetables
I don't really have specific suggestions, just whatever you like.
Also, do you specifically need to limit your sodium for medical reasons? Unless you have high blood pressure or other condition, there's no need to limit your salt intake that much. You need some salt in your diet and it's a key ingredient to making food taste good.
At this point, I find I weigh my food to keep myself honest more than for the extreme accuracy. Peanut butter is the biggest example. If i set out to eat one 14 g serving, using the scale means that I will eat exactly 14g. Without the scale, I'm likely to say "oh, that's not quite a tablespoon, I'll just take a little bit more for my toast...". The I start doing the same with my oatmeal and sauces, etc. Before I know it, I'm eating an unplanned extra several hundred calories per day.
What's your calorie goal and what do you normally eat? Since meat is expensive, I get a lot of protein from dairy and vegetables.
It does sound like you are doing the right things. How many calories are you eating? With the 228 and 231 weigh-ins, were these weights taken on the same scale at roughly the same time of day (i.e. first thing in the morning)?
You are wanting to go from a BMI of 20.0 to 18.1. 18.1 is below the cutoff of a healthy weight range. I know you said you were happiest at that weight, but maybe you would be better off continuing to eat at maintenance while weight lifting to change your body composition. Other than that, because you have so little fat to lose, it is going ot be really hard work to lose it. This will likely mean limiting meals out and alcohol.
Your BMI is 17.4 which is very underweight. We can't help you here; you may need the help of a therapist if you are thinking you need to lose weight.
I can never get my heart rate as fast on the elliptical or bike as I can when I'm running. So, you really just can't compare.
3 pounds lost in a month is great progress. Her TDEE is around [1,800 calories per day](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=40&amp;lbs=190&amp;in=64&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) before exercise. 30 minutes on the elliptical will burn 100-200 calories, so that averages out to an extra 100 calories per day or so. So, eating 1,200 per day will lead to expected fat loss of about 1-1.5 pounds per week or 4-6 pounds per month. The difference between the actual loss of 3 pounds and the expected loss of 4-6 pounds could be due to one of two things: - Water weight fluctuations "hiding" some of the fat loss - Inaccuracies in counting leading to actual calorie intake a little higher than 1,200 calories. I'd recommend just being patient and keeping at it.
The vegetables aren't a big deal, but it's possible to way underestimate on things like meat. A lot of entries for chicken breasts are something like "1 medium - 120 calories", but I've had chicken breasts that are 400+ calories.
I have a huge appetite and a food obsession, too. Here's what I do to keep my calories in check: - I redirect my food-loving energy into researching and preparing "healthy" versions of the food I love. For me, this means a lot of baking substitutes and finding ways to swap vegetables in for higher calorie ingredients - I eat a ton of vegetables. My lunch and dinner plates are on average 75% vegetables so that I can have a big volume of food for few calories - When I'm feeling nibbly but don't actually need to eat, I distract with gum, tea, coffee, sparkling water and broth.
I like to use my extra free time on weekends in service of my nutritional goals. This means more time spent researching healthy recipes, grocery shopping for foods that fit my diet goals and preparing meals. Whereas I'm stuck microwaving leftovers or freezer meals for my lunches through the week, I love that I can spend time on weekends chopping an fresh cooking lovely meals of salads and roasted vegetables. As well, I take the time to prepare vegetables and freezer meals for the week ahead (a la r/mealprepsunday). In addition to this, more free time on the weekends means more free time for fitness. Even just going for long walks is nice, because that's time spent away from the temptations of the kitchen pantry.
What do you do when you are eating non-packaged food? Do you have to look up the calories somewhere else and then enter that number into Lightweight?
How much milk and how much honey in your coffee and tea? 2% milk is 120 calories per cup. Honey is 65 calories per tbsp.
Same. I live in the south half of Calgary and I'll drive north past Cineplex Chinook to the Landmark.
Chinook headaches? My husband gets those, too. On the one hand, I feel sorry that you are in pain. On the other, these random plus 5 days make the negative 20 days bearable.
10 pounds weight loss in 2 months is really fast at your size. With a BMI of 19.6, you are getting close to the bottom of the healthy weight range. A loss of period can be a sign that you are cutting too aggressively and/or your body fat is getting too low. I understand that your doctor wasn't concerned. From experience and from what I've read from others, generally doctors start to test when you've missed three periods, which you haven't hit yet. In any case, it's not a bad idea to up your calories.
I do something similar, except with canned pumpkin instead of applesauce.
Cabbage, mushrooms and bok choy are always cheap. Red peppers, eggplant, snap/snow peas and cucumber can often be obtained cheaply.
&gt; Is there any benefit to jogging on the treadmill for 10 minutes (roughly one mile) instead of walking for 30 minutes? Sure there's a benefit. Jogging will get your heart rate up more than walking will, which is great for cardiovascular health. Plus, if you did want to develop your running abilities, this is the way to start.
What was your weight on Dec 29? It sounds like you've lost 3kg.
I don't know if you find the same thing, but if I skip or miss my morning workout for whatever reason, I actually find myself *more* tired at work all day. I guess I'm addicted to that endorphin hit in the morning. Good luck with your run tonight!
I often add salsa to scrambled eggs. I eat breakfast at work, so I just keep a big jar of salsa on hand since chopping up vegetables is too much of a pain. It's better if you can cook the eggs in a pan, but I microwave eggs all the time and it's fine. I'll cook eggs in a mug for about 1.5 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, then I add my salsa and cook another 30 seconds to a minute.
My biggest weight loss mistake was not being honest about my servings when counting calories. I used to eyeball a lot of my snacks like peanut butter, oats, chips, gummy candy, dry cereal, etc. The result of this was a total lack of weight loss. For this reason, I use a food scale to keep myself honest when it comes to portioning my food.
That's disconcerting.
In any case, 1/2 a cup of chia seeds is still over 500 calories and 40g of fiber.
Are you eating 1/2 a cup of chia seeds, or chia seeds in a 1/2 cup of milk?
&gt; Does anyone else have a foot that turns out when you walk/run? Has it affected anything for you? I haven't had any pain or issues but am scared of messing something up. My right foot kind of...kicks out when I run. From my light googling, it seems it may be related to some hip tightness or weakness. In any case, it's been a few years since someone pointed out that I do this and as far as I can tell it doesn't negatively impact my running at all.
Ditto the others that it would be a good idea to track your calories for a bit to see where you are coming in. The chia pudding has a mix of fat, protein and fiber, so that should do a decent job keeping you full. Are you getting any fat in your lunch? I find that if a meal has no fat, I'm starving again within an hour, regardless of how much protein and vegetables were included.
Welcome! First, take a read of the links in the automod comment, everything you need to get started losing weight is there. Regarding your timeline, I would say 35 pounds in 5 months is too aggressive a goal. At your size, a good rate of weight loss is 1 pound per week. As you get smaller, even this rate will be harder to hit. I would guess that once you are under 125 or so, 0.5 pounds per week will be a more reasonable goal.
So since your weight has been steady for the last three months, something will have to change to resume weight loss. The way I see it, you have two options: 1. Keep the restaurant meals on the weekend, but cut 200 calories a day from your Monday to Friday calorie budget 2. Keep Monday to Friday the same, but reduce your eating out on the weekend. This can happen by either changing what you order when you go out or reducing the number of meals out. It is a lot harder when you only have a few pounds left to lose. Personally, I find I can fit in one restaurant meal a week. More than that, and it's a struggle keeping to my calorie budget overall.
Are you currently tracking your calories? Do you use a food scale? Not knowing any of the details, my super rough estimate of what you've listed is: Sandwich: 300 Tea with sugar: 50 Chips: 100 OJ: 100 Sandwich: 250 Pasta: 300 Meat: 200 Salad: 100 Banana: 100 Pop: 100. Total = 1,600.
I always appreciate having raw fruits and vegetables when flying. Not only for the fact that they are low calorie, but also because they are hydrating (I can never get enough water when flying). For vegetables, carrot sticks, snow peas, celery and sliced peppers are great. For fruit, I usually bring "hand fruit" like apples, plums and kiwi. When flying internationally, you usually can't bring produce into the country you are flying to, but it's fine to bring it on the plane. You'll just need to toss anything uneaten when you arrive at your destination.
Have a rule that you don't eat or drink anything until it's been logged.
&gt; how do you find balance to have discipline at a rate that produces fat loss but also doesn't make you feel like giving up because it's too much? I think the biggest thing is to not be too aggressive in your weight loss attempt. Over my weight loss "journey", my daily calorie deficit, that is the difference between my maintenance calories and actual calorie intake, was never more than 500 on average and sometimes as low as 100.
I made this [Everything Bagel Chicken](https://www.gimmesomeoven.com/everything-chicken/) last week and it was delicious! Now I'm looking around to see what else I can put the "Everything Bagel" spice blend on. I'm thinking eggs and roasted cauliflower will be my next go-to's.
&gt; I want to be a lighter weight to benefit my running This is my biggest motivator to lose weight and keep the weight off. It's incredibly how much speed benefit you get even from losing 5 pounds!
Every bike I've seen has an adjustable seat. You can raise it or lower it based on your height. I just have my own spin bike at home, but I've gone to and enjoyed classes in the past. If you are interested in indoor cycling classes, you should definitely try one out!
I'm not as intense as those at r/mealprepsunday, but seeing as how I tend to bring in my Monday - Friday lunches into work on Monday mornings, I suppose you could say I meal prep. I often make soups and stews on the weekend and then freeze them in old pickle jars to reheat for lunches through the week. For salads, slaw mixes like [this](https://www.presidentschoice.ca/en_CA/products/productlisting/pc-kale-slaw.html) are great because there's no chopping required and they stay fresh longer than lettuce. On item I'm really into for lunches lately is spaghetti squash. I buy a big one, cook it on Sunday and then portion the entire cooked squash "noodles" into a container that I bring to work. Through the week, I add things like cottage cheese and spices, cheese and salsa, or vegetarian meatballs (which I keep in the freezer at work) and barbeque sauce and/or mustard to a portion of the cooked squash for a warm, vegetable heavy meal. When it comes to cooking in general these are my main strategies: - Lunch and dinner are around 75% vegetables - Since starches and meats are the higher calorie items in my meals, I'll choose to have one or the other. For example, I eat stir fries at least a couple times a week. My stir fries will either be rice/noodles and vegetables or meat and vegetables, not noodles and meat - As long as we're talking about starch-less stir fries, I play around with my vegetables to recreate the "feeling of noodles". For this, I'll use a base of thinly sliced cabbage and onion, cauliflower "rice" or shiritaki noodles - I "cut" my salad dressings, dips and sauces with low calorie condiments like vinegar, hot sauce and soy sauce - Fat is necessary in a diet, but I prefer to "save" my fat intake to be eaten in the form of delicious things like peanut butter. So, I try to minimize the use of oil when I cook. For sauteeing, I usually use a bit of broth. For roasting, I just omit the oil completely. - I eat dessert at least once a day, but I've created a repertoire of recipes that have the feeling of being dessert, without actually containing sugar. Lately, my go-to is canned pumpkin or plain Greek yogurt mixed with peanut butter powder and/or cocoa powder For tools, I use my food processor and [spiralizer](https://www.walmart.ca/en/ip/paderno-greenblack-veggiefruit-spiralizer-redblack/6000195538147) to prep vegetables.
For the spahetti squash, which I do prep for work, I'll cut the squash in half, scoop out the inner seeds, then cook in a 375 degree oven, face up, for about 30 minutes. Then, I use a fork to shred into noodles. At this point, having only cooked for 30 minutes, they are a touch underdone. This works well because then I microwave them for 2-3 minutes to reheat and they are perfect.
1,800 sounds like a good place to start. I'd say give it a few weeks then adjust based on your results. To nail down your actual maintenance calories, you can use the spreadsheet linked to and discussed [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/4mhvpn/adaptive_tdee_tracking_spreadsheet_v3_rescue/).
&gt;"Stop trying to love the process and do it anyway, so that you can love the results." I think this applies to most of what we do as adults. I don't love cleaning my house, but I love living in a clean house. I don't love showing up to work every day. But I love my paycheque and the sense of accomplishment I get from advancing my career. I don't love restricting my food. But I love living in a healthy body.
Personally, I get bloating from eating large volumes of certain vegetables like cabbage or if I eat sugar on its own without protein or fat, like some gummies.
It's normal when you take on a new exercise routine for your water weight to go up as your newly stressed muscles hold onto extra water to aid in their repair. If a couple more weeks go by and you still aren't seeing a loss on the scale, then it's time to reassess your calorie intake. For strength routines, check out the FAQ over at r/xxfitness. It's hard to add muscle while losing weight, but with hard work, adequate protein consumption and a non-excessive calorie deficit, you may be able to see some muscle gains. The fat loss is going to come from your calorie deficit.
Same. I'm always finding bruises and I don't even remember bumping myself to begin with.
Without something like a Dexa scan available, I go by visual guides like [this one](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/688/1*WrEPOwKEPmpwfS5zMdbKmQ.jpeg). In addition to charts like the one above, a lot of women have posted their pictures and Dexa scan results over at r/xxfitness. There's a chart summarizing a bunch of them here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/xxfitness/comments/5psb2d/dexa_body_fat_results_table_by_height_and_weight/](https://www.reddit.com/r/xxfitness/comments/5psb2d/dexa_body_fat_results_table_by_height_and_weight/).
I'm 3.5 months unemployed at this point, which sucks. But, on the plus side, the weather is nice enough to go road biking all the time. So, my free time + nice weather = all the riding! Last week, my running and biking added up to over 10 hours in the one week. I'll admit, the extra calorie budget is nice, especially since it's grilling and beer season :)
- Sugar free, fat free Jello pudding. I often add extra cacao powder or peanut butter powder to amp up the flavour and thickness. Both go well with the chocolate and butterscotch pudding. - Canned pumpkin mixed with cacao powder and/or peanut butter, eaten either cold or microwaved. When using cacao powder, since it's more bitter, I'll add a bit of sweetener. - Yogurt mixed with cacao powder and/or peanut butter powder (sensing a trend here, lol) For cacao powder, the [Cacao Barry](https://www.amazon.ca/Cacao-Barry-Cocoa-Powder-Extra/dp/B00BLTNL4Q) brand is absolutely amazing. The richest, darkest powder I've ever had.
&gt; Or do we just kinda always hold this "buffer" of water when we are consistently leading more active lives? This is how it is for me. Whenever I take a week off exercise for whatever reason, I drop a few pounds in water weight. When I resume my normal exercise, it comes back. Bear in mind about 60% of your weight is water weight. Whether it's permanently a couple pounds higher or lower due to your exercise routine doesn't really matter.
I think that 5 pounds lost in 2-3 months is a great rate of weight loss for someone with your stats and activity level. Your BMI is already lower at 21.3, so you can't really expect fast weight loss. In fact, I'd say it's better to lose weight slower as you are because it allows you to fuel better for your workouts and retain more muscle mass.
I never set out with a final goal weight in mind. I would just lose 5/10 pounds then either keep going for stop depending on how I felt. For where you are, an initial goal of the healthy BMI range is a great choice.
&gt; What is your source for this? That is factually incorrect. Approx 30% of the world is overweight (with some portion of that being obese). Per the WHO fact sheet on obesity: 39% of adults aged 18 years and over were overweight in 2016, and 13% were obese. [http://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/obesity-and-overweight](http://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/obesity-and-overweight) That's a total 52% overweight or obese. And this was in 2016. I imagine it's even higher, now.
The WHO fact sheet doesn't make it clear, but [this 2017 update](https://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/Obesity-Update-2017.pdf) says that more than 1 in 2 adults are overweight or obese, that is consistent with the 52% above. In Figure 2 on Page 4, it shows that in the US, nearly 70% of adults are overweight (including obese).
OMG, that crust on the brisket...
I'm sorry you are having a tough time. What have you been trying?
They're a bit harder to find compared to Quest bars, so I've always had to order them online. I love the Peanut Butter, Vanilla Peanut Butter, and Chocolate Brownie flavours. I tried the Sugar Cookie one but didn't care for it as much.
Yeah, I would expect faster weight loss with 1,900 calories per day. In addition to everything /u/SDJellyBean mentioned, are you sticking to 1,900 or less everyday of the last two months including weekends, holidays, etc?
Did you follow a recipe? When you are new to cooking, it's better to follow recipes at first. Over time, you'll gain the ability to cook without a recipe as you learn what goes well together and how to cook different ingredients.
The time is going to pass either way. Think ahead to one year from now, you'll either be happy you stuck with it and lost weight or you'll be exactly where you are now, wishing you had started a year ago.
Welcome! First, check out the Quick Start Guide which is linked in the Auto Mods comment. If you want to lose weight, you need to eat fewer calories than you burn. With your stats, you burn around [2,100](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=male&amp;age=25&amp;lbs=185&amp;in=65&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) calories per day. To lose one pound per week, you want to eat 500 calories under this, or about 1,600 per day. You can eat whatever you want within this calorie budget, but you'll quickly find that prioritizing things like vegetables and protein make it easier to stick to your calorie budget compared to a diet consisting of nothing but soda and gummy bears. For meal ideas, check out /r/EatCheapAndHealthy, r/fitmeals, and /r/MealPrepSunday. Exercise isn't necessary for weight loss, but it has lots of other benefits. Whatever gets you moving is great be it walking, weight lifting, dancing, running, biking, swimming or yoga. Building up the routine of getting out there is fantastic.
Few options: - A loss did happen at 1,200, but OP didn't stay consistently at 1,200 long enough to see a loss - Inaccurate calorie tracking or non-tracking days meant that more than 1,200/1,500 was eaten - Energy dips while eating at the lower 1,200 could mean unintentionally moving around less = lower TDEE
The volume of my workouts varies a ton from day-to-day and week-to-week, so I vary my calorie goal based on the day's workouts. What I've always done is start with a calorie goal equal to my sedentary maintenance and then add back what I burn running and biking. To estimate these calorie burns, I assume 70 calories per mile for running and I use a heart rate monitor for biking, which usually works out to 250-500 calories per hour depending on intensity.
After tracking my food and exercise while losing weight, I worked out pretty quick that my sedentary maintenance is 2,000 calories per day. So, every day MFP starts at 2,000 calories. After my workout, I log it into MFP and my calorie budget goes up. Takes no extra time at all.
I work out early in the day because I'm a morning person. If I do exercise later and don't eat the extra calories, I usually eat them the next day as that's when I'm hungrier. This also comes into play on long bike days. If I'm out riding for 4 hours and burning 1,500 calories, I don't really have the time or appetite to eat all extra 1,500 calories, so I'll end up eating a good portion the next day.
You can't choose where you will lose fat first. Are you losing weight? If so, keep going and hope that eventually your midsection will slim down. If you haven't lost any weight in the last few months, you'll need to eat less.
It doesn't matter how you define your activity. As I said, a half hour of walking at your size will burn about 100 extra calories, biking 100-250. What you do with that information is up to you.
Did you weigh out 100g of uncooked oat flakes or cooked oatmeal? Big difference between the two.
[This one](https://www.justataste.com/homemade-peanut-butter-granola-bars-recipe/) fits your list. You can use karo syrup instead of honey and melted butter instead of oil. **INGREDIENTS** - 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter (regular or reduced fat) - 1/3 cup honey - 1 large egg - 2 Tablespoons canola oil - 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract - 3 1/2 cups old-fashioned oats - 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar - 1/2 teaspoon salt - 1/3 cup peanut butter chips - 1/3 cup mini chocolate chips **INSTRUCTIONS** Preheat the oven to 350°F and line a 13x9-inch nonstick baking pan with cooking spray. In a large bowl, beat the peanut butter, honey, egg, oil and vanilla extract with a handheld beater until smooth and creamy. In a separate medium bowl, stir together the oats, brown sugar and salt. Add the oat mixture to the peanut butter mixture and stir until well combined then stir in the peanut butter chips and mini chocolate chips. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking pan, pressing it into an even layer. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until the edges are golden brown. Remove the pan from the oven and let it cool completely before slicing the granola into bars and serving.
I don't have exact measurements, but I've accidentally done the same thing so many times. What I've learned is to add a tiny amount of water, stir, then keep adding tiny amounts of water as needed until I reach my desired consistency. You can always add more water, but you can't do the reverse.
Are you counting calories? I maintained an overweight body for years while running lots and eating healthy. Tracking calories while keeping to a reasonable calorie deficit (no more than 500 calories a day under maintenance) is the only thing that got me to lose weight for good.
You can see the impact to your TDEE from weighing less by playing around with the TDEE calculator. For example, your sedentary TDEE is estimated to be as follows: - 180 pounds: [1,940](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=30&amp;lbs=180&amp;in=70&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) - 170 pounds: [1,886](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;age=30&amp;g=female&amp;lbs=170&amp;in=70&amp;act=1.2&amp;bf=&amp;f=1) - 160 pounds: [1,831](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;age=30&amp;g=female&amp;lbs=160&amp;in=70&amp;act=1.2&amp;bf=&amp;f=1) - 150 pounds: [1,777](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;age=30&amp;g=female&amp;lbs=150&amp;in=70&amp;act=1.2&amp;bf=&amp;f=1) You don't necessarily have to eat less or exercise more. Rather, as you lose weight, you can just accept slightly slower weight loss. In your case, since you are in the healthy BMI range, it's ok to be losing less than a pound per week.
What are you doing for exercise? It could be that decreasing the intensity will help, but it's always best to check with a doctor.
Yeah, I would ease back for a bit and see if that helps.
I can't see your picture, but the answer to "should I start hitting the gym?" is always yes. Even if you are still cutting, you may not gain much for muscle, but working out will help you retain the muscle you have.
- Canned pumpkin: 1 cup has only 80ish calories but 7g of fiber. I mix it with peanut butter powder and/or cacao powder and eat it either cold or microwaved, sometimes with a bit of sweetener mixed in. It's also good mixed with oatmeal. - Dried seaweed snacks: satisfies the craving for something crunchy and salty with minimal calories - Sugar free jello gelatin: With the Jello brand, a whole box has only 40 calories, all protein. I actually make my own with beef gelatin and water enhancers like [these](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Kool-Aid-Drink-Mix-Cherry-1-62-Fl-Oz-1-Count/23598044) for flavour - Roasted chickpeas - Pickles - Plain Greek yogurt with mix-ins including peanut butter powder, oats, granola, berries, chopped apples/pears, cinnamon and cocoa powder - Cereal with or without milk - Rick cakes with peanut butter, salsa or cream cheese and everything bagel spice - Oatmeal (favourite combos include diced apples and cinnamon, banana and almond butter, and peanut butter and jelly)
As I mentioned above, you can get a new reading by weighing yourself holding something that's at least a few pounds to "reset" the scale. No need to buy a new one.
You are doing well recovering and hitting the gym, no need to be so hard on yourself :) 1,200-1,400 is a good calorie goal, so it sounds like you are doing great. I'd say keep doing what you are doing and you should see changes over time.
What do you tend to eat now? You can lose weight eating anything, it's all about the total calories of what you eat.
My guess: during the first three weeks you were losing more than 1 pound of fat per week, but your water weight was increasing at the time, hiding some of this fat loss. This increase in water weight could have been from the exercise or it could have been other factors like hormones, stress or the change in food intake. Now, over the last two weeks, in addition to continuing to lose fat like you were before, you are also seeing a drop in some of the extra water weight. In conclusion: congrats on the weight loss! You are doing great :)
That's great to hear! Congrats on the loss:)
What do you mean that your weight is hovering around 315? I would expect pretty decent weight loss after a month of 1,600-2,000 calories. So first I want to check on your weigh-ins. Are you comparing weigh-ins done on the same scale at roughly the same time of day?
The different calculators use different multipliers for activity levels. They are all just guesses and estimates so all you can really do is pick a number in the range of what you see, give it a go for at least a few weeks then adjust as needed based on your actual results. Just to double check, how tall are you? Male or female? Edit: I agree with /u/ThroawayLoseIt. Don't eat less than 1,500.
I like using those little water enhancer things on both plain and sparkling water. In particular, I find the [Kool-Aid](https://www.walmart.ca/en/ip/kool-aid-grape-liquid-enhancer-drink-mixer/6000187692410) ones have the best taste. As well, I drink tea (black, green and fruity), diet Coke/Pepsi, other flavours of diet soda, La Croix, and coffee. For coffee, my favourite low calorie way to have it is iced with unsweetened almond or cashew milk (25-35 calories per cup depending on brand) with sugar free coffee syrup (I like the [Jordan Skinny Syrup](https://store.skinnymixes.com/skinny-syrups-c2.aspx) brand).
Your weight has only been stagnant for two days. Relax. At most, you have lost 1-2 pounds of fat in the last three days. This loss is easily offset by a temporary increase in water weight. The solution is to keep going and pay attention to the long term (several weeks+) trend in your weight to assess progress. As an aside, what is your height and weight? Unless you are a small female, 1,200 is likely not enough. Check out this post on the topic: [https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/8hwq9z/the_calorie_minimums_should_you_eat_less_than/](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/8hwq9z/the_calorie_minimums_should_you_eat_less_than/).
**Canada** - Chapman's frozen yogurt is the best low calorie ice cream-type dessert I've found. The [dutch chocolate flavour](http://www.chapmans.ca/Products/FrozenYogurt/#DutchChocolateFrozenYogurt) has 90 calories per half cup and is much cheaper than Halo Top and Breyers Delight - Peanut butter powder (you can get a 3x1lb pack from [Costco online](https://www.costco.ca/.product.100296222.html) for $28 including shipping, no membership needed) - Asian grocery stores for Shiritaki noodles (usually around $1.5-$2 per pack) - Bulk Barn for zero calorie sweeteners including Stevia and Erythritol (use the save $3 when you spend $10 coupon!) - At Superstore and No Frills, the Blue Menu line under the President's Choice brand has all kinds of great low-cal finds - For frozen pizza, the [Dr. Oetker Ristorante Ultra Thins](http://www.oetker.ca/ca-en/our-products/ristorante-ultra-thin-crust/oven-roasted-chicken-peppers/oven-roasted-chicken-peppers.html) are really good and tend to range from 700-900 calories for a whole pizza - We don't have much for low cal tortillas, but Walmart does sell Flat Out wraps and [I recently found some 70 calorie wraps at Costco](https://www.reddit.com/r/1200InCanada/comments/8r4dar/low_cal_wraps_found_at_costco_west/) - Winners/Homesense/Marshalls surprisingly has a decent selection of sugar free coffee syrups, peanut butter powder, protein bars/powder and low calorie salty snacks. I always check out the clearance rack when I'm in the store - For produce in general, I shop at Superstore where I earn PC points (usually 20%) on the items I normally buy. Superstore's prices are good, but I'll also price match No Frills, Walmart and any other grocery store in the vicinity. - Use Checkout51 and Caddle to get cash back. For example, last week Silk almond milk was on sale for $2.97 for 1.89L. I used a $0.50 off coupon that I had grabbed from the front of the store at Superstore and also claimed $0.50 on Checkout51, making the effective price $1.97.
All the calculators are just guesses and estimates. They are useful to provide an initial guideline. After a period of time, you can adjust your calorie goal based on your actual results. Are you happy with your rate of weight loss while eating 1,830-1,860? If so, no need to change.
I like this wording from the r/xxfitness [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/xxfitness/wiki/tone_up_recomposition): &gt;That said, usually when people refer to 'toning up' they are talking about the desire to increase muscle mass and reduce fat to the point where some of that muscle is visible. Traditionally, this is achieved using what's called a bulk/cut cycle: that is, you cycle between bulking to build muscle for a few months, and then cutting to lose fat for a few months. This still remains the quickest and easiest way, however the downside is that it does mean you will go through phases of being fatter than usual (while bulking) and phases of being weaker than usual (while cutting): If you value your size or strength too much to see these change, then you may prefer 'recomping'.
Recipes for roasting chickpeas suggest 425-450 degrees, so set your oven somewhere in that range.
What does your 1,500 normally consist of? Rather than just spouting off a list of high protein foods, it'll be easier to suggest swaps you could make.
How many calories do you eat, on average?
I make a salad using slaw base inspired by a beef dip sandwich with a horseradish aioli. This is my "recipe": - A base of slaw mix. I used this [PC Kale Slaw](https://www.presidentschoice.ca/en_CA/products/productlisting/pc-kale-slaw.html) - Toppings of diced leftover beef or deli beef and chopped green onions. Other diced veg like peppers, and mushrooms would be good, too. - For the salad dressing, I mixed a few tbsps of plain yogurt (Greek or regular is fine) with a couple tsps of horseradish (I used [TOSCA extra hot](https://shop.freshstmarket.com/media/product/0006961851502_00.jpg)) and some white vinegar to thin everything out a bit, plus salt, pepper and garlic to taste Other salad combinations using slaw mix that I like: - Diced pickled beets with a salad dressing of hummus thinned out with some of the pickled beet juice - Cottage cheese, salsa, corn, black beans or chicken, jalapenos and cilantro - Corn, green onions and [Franks BBQ sauce](http://www.franksredhot.ca/en/products/kickin-bbq-sauce/)
There are [77 calories in 100g of raw potatoes](https://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods/show/11352?fgcd=&amp;manu=&amp;format=&amp;count=&amp;max=25&amp;offset=&amp;sort=default&amp;order=asc&amp;qlookup=raw+potato&amp;ds=&amp;qt=&amp;qp=&amp;qa=&amp;qn=&amp;q=&amp;ing=) and about [87 calories in 100g of cooked potato](https://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods/show/11365?fgcd=&amp;manu=&amp;format=&amp;count=&amp;max=25&amp;offset=&amp;sort=default&amp;order=asc&amp;qlookup=boiled+potato&amp;ds=&amp;qt=&amp;qp=&amp;qa=&amp;qn=&amp;q=&amp;ing=). You can use this to choose your serving based on your calorie needs.
If you really want to know your body fat percentage, then that's the way to go about it. In my area, they are about $175, insurance does not cover it and there's nearly a one year wait, so I have not and likely will not get one done.
To lose half a pound of fat, you need to burn 1,750 more calories than you eat. If you eat 1,200 calories a day and burn 1,800, you'll lose half a pound of fat every three-ish days.
Are you saying that you are burning 1,200 calories a day from exercise PLUS 1,800 calories a day from your regular activities? What is your height and weight?
I think it varies quite a bit. Some women retain extra water weight during their period, some when they ovulate and some not at all. I usually see the scale tick up 3-4 pounds in the couple days before my period starts, then this weight "falls off" when my period's done.
Do you mean 0.5kg per week? Different calculators use different formulas to estimate activity multipliers on a person's BMR. For example, TDEECalculator.net estimates your sedentary TDEE to be [1,688 calories per day](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=metric&amp;g=female&amp;age=26&amp;kg=71&amp;cm=158&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1). For 0.5kg weight loss per week, you would subtract 550 from this number, or 1,138 calories. In any case, anywhere in the range of 1,200-1,300 is a good goal for weight loss.
Lately, most of my meals have either been salads or grilled meats and vegetables. On the grill, I most often do corn on the cob, peppers, mushrooms, onions, and asparagus. If I don't feel like grilling meat, I'll have the grilled vegetables with bread or canned beans. Last night, for example, I warmed some canned chickpeas in the microwave and ate them in a bowl with grilled peppers, onions, mushrooms and garlic. For salads, I like using slaw mixes because they hold up well in the ridge and don't require chopping. I make a salad using slaw base inspired by a beef dip sandwich with a horseradish aioli. This is my "recipe": - A base of slaw mix. I used this [PC Kale Slaw](https://www.presidentschoice.ca/en_CA/products/productlisting/pc-kale-slaw.html) - Toppings of diced leftover beef or deli beef and chopped green onions. Other diced veg like peppers, and mushrooms would be good, too. - For the salad dressing, I mixed a few tbsps of plain yogurt (Greek or regular is fine) with a couple tsps of horseradish (I used [TOSCA extra hot](https://shop.freshstmarket.com/media/product/0006961851502_00.jpg)) and some white vinegar to thin everything out a bit, plus salt, pepper and garlic to taste Other salad combinations using slaw mix that I like: - Diced pickled beets with a salad dressing of hummus thinned out with some of the pickled beet juice - Cottage cheese, salsa, corn, black beans or chicken, jalapenos and cilantro - Corn, green onions and [Franks BBQ sauce](http://www.franksredhot.ca/en/products/kickin-bbq-sauce/)
My dinners tend to consist of three main categories of dishes: stir fries, "sheet pan meals" and big salads: - Stir fries are great because you can customize the starch/base (rice noodles, thinly sliced cabbage, shiritaki noodles, carrot noodles or rice), protein (chicken, beef, or tofu), vegetables (onions, bok choy, peppers, green beans, snow peas, broccoli and bean sprouts) and sauce/seasoning depending on what you have on hand and what's on sale at the grocery store. As well, the start to finish time is usually only 20 minutes or so. - Sheet pan meals take more time (30-60 min), but it's mostly hands off. For this, I cut up vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower, green beans, brussel sprouts, carrots, potatoes etc), toss with oil, garlic, salt and pepper and throw into the oven alongside a protein like chicken thighs, pre-made or frozen meatballs, chopped sausage, pre-made or frozen burger patties or tofu. - For salads, I live using slaw mixes like [this](https://www.presidentschoice.ca/en_CA/products/productlisting/pc-kale-slaw.html) as the base because they are heartier than lettuce. This means that they are good in the fridge for several days and often cheaper than most other vegetables.
I'd put it in/on something that will be heated, rather than thawing it and eating it cold. The ham would work on pizza, in a quiche, or omelette. The turkey would work in some kind of baked or stove top pasta dish. Both would work in soup.
There are a million suggested guidelines for protein intake out there. The 0.8g/lb is just one that I've read around here. I don't think everyone needs to eat 0.8g/lb, but it's not a bad idea for an active person trying to build or retain muscle mass.
Welcome! First, check out the Quick Start Guide which is linked in the Auto Mods comment. If you want to lose weight, you need to eat fewer calories than you burn. With your stats, you burn around 2,100 calories per day. To lose one pound per week, you want to eat 500 calories under this, or about 1,600 per day. You can eat whatever you want within this calorie budget, but you'll quickly find that prioritizing things like vegetables and protein make it easier to stick to your calorie budget compared to a diet consisting of nothing but soda and gummy bears. For meal ideas, check out /r/EatCheapAndHealthy, r/fitmeals, and /r/MealPrepSunday. As far as macros goes, that's up to you. Some people find they have an easier time sticking to their calorie goal with a low carb diet, others find the opposite. You'll have to experiment to see what works best for you. Exercise isn't necessary for weight loss, but it has lots of other benefits. Whatever gets you moving is great be it walking, weight lifting, dancing, running, biking, swimming or yoga. Building up the routine of getting out there is fantastic.
So over 17 days you lost from 230-226. Then, in the last week you've been sick with a fever and your weight is up one pound? If this is the case, I wouldn't worry. It's normal for your water weight to fluctuate even more than normal when you are sick. At this point, I'd hold of on weighing yourself until the sickness is over and you've had a week of being back to the 1,500ish calorie days. At that point, you should have a more accurate readout of your weight.
For me, it wasn't so much about the frequency of maintenance breaks than the duration. When I got down to 130 pounds, I was happy with my weight at that time so I stopped and maintained there for a year. Then, I decided to lose more weight so that's when I set about losing the final ten pounds. Even while losing these ten pounds, I deliberately did it slow at a rate of one pound per month. So my weight loss graph really looks like two to three weeks of maintenance followed by a week with a one pound loss.
Hey stat stat twin! What worked for me to lose weight for good was honest, consistent and accurate calorie counting with a reasonable calorie deficit. For years, I bounced around 140-150 trying to lose weight while counting calories. Despite the fact that I was eating "healthy", my failure was being dishonest with myself about my portions and extra snacking. To fix this, I log everything: all drinks, all fruits/vegetables, single candies, etc. and I use a food scale as much as possible. For your other questions: &gt;What’s your experience with protein powder? Protein powder isn't necessary. You can get enough protein from foods. But, I do enjoy protein powder as a tasty, convenient snack or addition to my smoothie. If a scoop of protein powder fits into your daily calorie budget, then enjoy. &gt;Are there any legitimate vitamins/supplements you swear by? I don't take anything. &gt;Any exercises that help you crush your goals? Whatever exercise you enjoy and will stick with is the best for you. I primarily run and bike. I'm motivated to do these activities regularly by signing up for races and then training for them. I do get a good calorie burn from these, but the hunger increase is so much more that sticking to my calorie goals isn't any easier. For fitness ideas, r/xxfitness is a great resource. &gt;Does drinking a ton of water help? I'd say so. In particular, I like drinking sparkling water with water flavour enhancers added to resist the urge to snack. In general, you should be drinking enough that your urine is straw coloured. &gt;Any (intermittent) fasting or detoxes that you’ve had good experiences with? Is there a certain food I should wean off of? Intermittent fasting is a tool to help you stick to your calorie budget. Say your calorie goal is 1,500 per day. If eating these 1,500 calories over one or two meals instead of three or four is easier for you, then feel free to do that. There's no need to detox. Your liver and kidneys do that for you. If you wanted to, say, reduce added sugars for a bit to lessen a potential sugar addiction, I see value in that.
200C = 800 calories, 135P = 540, 110F = 990. Total = 2,330. TDEECalculator.net estimates your TDEE to be about [2,100](https://tdeecalculator.net/result.php?s=imperial&amp;g=female&amp;age=36&amp;lbs=230&amp;in=64&amp;act=1.2&amp;f=1) so the macros you've listed may result in weight gain. I'd recommend cutting your calories to 1,500-1,700. Doesn't matter whether the cut calories come from fat, protein or carbs. My personal goals when it comes to macros are at least 50g fat and at least 100g of protein, but I let the balance fall where ever.
I like to replace a lot of the sugar-filled desserts that I love with no-added-sugar "healthy" versions. Some examples: - Plain Greek yogurt mixed with peanut butter powder - Canned pumpkin mixed with cacao powder and/or peanut butter powder, either microwaved or eaten cold - Sugar free, fat free jello pudding. I like using almond milk to save calories then amping up the flavour by adding peanut butter powder or cacao powder - Oatmeal replaces a lot of desserts for me. I'll do mix ins like chopped apples with cinnamon, sliced bananas with almond butter, blueberries with maple syrup or canned pumpkin with almond butter or peanut butter - Sugar free gelatin. I make my own with beef gelatin and then flavoured/sweetened water enhancers like [these Kool Aid ones](https://www.amazon.com/Kool-Aid-Liquid-Variety-Cherry-Tropical/dp/B00DEPFKH6) or tea
I never lost my weight at a particularly higher speed: - 2014: 150 to 135 - Hit 130 in the 2nd half of 2015 then stayed there for about a year - 2017: 130 to 120 My focus and motivation has always been to perform the best I can at running and biking. I'm faster when I'm smaller, but I need to eat enough to fuel my workouts. This means that I always want to eat as much as I can while still losing weight. For calories, it varies so much depending on the time of year and how much exercise I'm doing. Right now, I maintain on about 2,400 calories a day when I'm doing 5 hours of cardio a week. When I was 150 pounds, I burned more, so I was eating over 2,000 a day on average while losing.
When I make stir fry, I cook the vegetables and meat with a little chicken broth in the pan instead of oil. Then, I top my finished dish with a few drops of sesame oil for flavour.
