IIRC, with Magical Express, you don't see your checked luggage at all until you sometime after you get to your resort, so if your luggage was setup for Magical Express, you would kind of lose it for a while.
&gt; make sure you eat at ABC restaurant Probably just worth mentioning: Don't eat at the ABC Commissary. That place sucks.
I think it might still have gone viral with a She-Hulking even without the censoring.
Where'd you get that decal?
It's a story about a murdered bride, and has zombies.
Yes, let's do this. I've been wanting this for years. I even (terribly) wrote a bill for Model General Assembly that was this exact idea. Unfortunately, the farthest it went was to committee.
sudo rm -rf /
The Prestige.
You sir might like Denmark.
Or a Blue Eyes White Dragon!
SPOILERS [Spoiler](#s "His character is the head of NASA and literally vetoes the thing that ends up saving Matt Damon.")
And still no race with the Big 3
Yeah, but Bran's a tree now.
Well, if Disney gets the rights back to Marvel in the parks, and makes DHS have a Pixar Land and a Marvel Land, then you could totally put an Incredibles ride at their intersection.
I don't know of any changes you can do really. I edited the config to allow high res since the default max is 1280x1024.
There might be some problems using the actors from the audiobook. Mark Hamill's like 70, he can't portray someone who's at most 40.
What about something like Paperman? Pretty much hand-drawn digital.
Good luck getting Connery back.
Maybe this will be about those chicks from 21 Jump Street that kept bashing the guys for sucking at their cases.
Yeah, that's definitely a Coelophysis. An ostrich mold like in 7570 would be closer to a Gallimimus.
Eh, there's a few more, but I can't think of any others recently. An old example would definitely be the Swiss Family Robinson.
Man, I wish Kindles still had free 3G Wikipedia on all models.
Correct.
Still not much space.
Got suspended for using Tor Browser to read Cracked.com. Now I'm a CS major.
Shoot ah!
I think freezer raptor was the missing one. The one in the maintenence shed was able to get out because all Ellie did was close the door. The freezer was locked and cold.
Better question would be if that Spino skeleton is fossil or not.
They could have gone back and killed it.
I still have no clue what to get my Santa.
Ya'll going to Dinosaur School.
Not with Blu-ray.
Yeah, they also sell those in stores. I'm hoping to find one and graft it to my magic band.
Clonezilla can let you easily make an image of current hard drive. Alternatively, I'd just recommend using Windows Backup to backup your files.
Music wasn't bad. Entire aviary scene is actually pretty great. Spino looks cool, I just think it wouldn't beat a T. Rex.
Some of the nicer drums are that much, but also double as an electronic drum set.
In the Jurassic World section of the game, go to the big pyramid, and it's in there.
Next cooking show by Ramsey Bolton is 1001 Ways to Flay Bobby Flay. Guest starring the Thenns!
He's not always right. I went back and checked through one of my old Unofficial Guides. There was a lot of mentions about a possible Halloween separate ticket event at MGM. Obviously, that hasn't happened.
My dog uses the Teenie Beanies as chew toys. Also tries to do that to actual size Beanie Babies, but I like my stuffed animals to survive if they look cool.
You kick down the door! It's the Level 8 Gazebo!
/u/versebot [Luke 21:1-4]
Now you're getting NewSpeak.
That wasn't Bender. That was just air leaking from the folds of fat he had.
Set it EFF?
No one dies in Lego World. They may still be stranded on an island with dinosaurs for 22 years.
He's probably a college student, like Disney hires.
Who's that Pokemon?! It's Mewtwo!
Sheesh, that's like the entire movie.
Because it's probably true. My dad had a stroke last year, and has plateau'd in recovery.
I hope that my giftee likes my gift. I like what I got, but USPS busted the cool part of it.
I sent a photo of the damage to my Santa. I'm pretty sure he wants to send me a new one, but get money from USPS for it.
A skip would be great.
No, 2009 is what if the audience experienced ALL THE FEELINGS in the first 10 minutes?
That is what's going on with a different computer I'm having problems with, but this one was just upgrades to 10 yesterday, and never had networks working.
Damn, I was hoping for something like an Ant-Man preview.
No way could Survivor be the middle. The contestants wouldn't be fit to run the race after a stretch on the island. It would have to be last or followed by Big Brother.
The hatched raptors probably died. In the book, there's quite a few chapters about the nursery and how much care it takes for them to even get the dinosaurs old enough to live on their own in the paddocks.
Honestly, while this would never happen because of rights, I would love to see a Left Behind series that was done as a serious disaster film. It starts with tons of people disappearing including all the children, and then it gets worse, starting with World War III, followed by the world's largest earthquake. And that's the downright tame judgments. After that, you get hail, fire, and blood raining down on the earth scorching all of the grass and a third of the plants. Then a meteor comes down and kills a third of everything in the sea, as well as turns a third of the sea into blood, then Wormwood poisons a third of the freshwater. Next, a third of the day is pitch black as all the stars get dimmed by a third. Then we get some really metal shit as demonic locusts attack everyone not sealed by God. Then 4 angels are released to get 200 million cavalry to kill a third of the population. Then sores appear on all who worship the beast, and all the water turns to blood, the sun becomes so hot it scorches people, the kingdom of the beast is plunged into darkness, the Euphrates dries up to allow for the battle of Armageddon, then another earthquake that levels every mountain and hill and removes islands from their foundations, and finally Jesus shows up and kills everyone who opposes him. TL;DR: Make Left Behind movies from the perspective of a nonbeliever. Have it scored by Iron Maiden.
That's some terrible exegesis. Every time I've heard this passage taught on, it has been in the context of marriage.
Probably not, it depends on how that hate manifested itself.
¿Qué es tu problema?
Dang, I'm going end of July, and have never been to that attraction. Sucks more for my cousins who are going for the first time, and we're doing two DHS days back to back due to how magic hours matched up. That second day is going to feel slow.
There is, but it's like unlimited data. They bring you it slowly so you don't eat as much as you really want.
All Star Movies Resort begs to differ.
Well, this is false since, when given driver support, new Windows OSes have made machines faster.
Of course, that just changes it from a 4 word password to a 5 word password.
Usually with at least a crowd of Christian witnesses, who are supposed to help keep you accountable. So the river's fine usually, but most churches I've been to have a hot tub inside as a baptismal. That said, I have been to a baptism that was done in a kiddie pool.
I still don't see what was controversial about that ballistics test. All it did was divert the James a little closer to campus.
Wait, is that a place for black hats or white hats pretending to be black hats?
Yes. Econ 101 is a great place to find underage demand for alcohol.
Hmm, that sounds like a fun QI question. Who was the 44th president of the United States?
Just got to ask, but was so interesting he wasn't looking at either of them?
Samsung Pay checks whether Knox has been tripped. Doing pretty much anything close to rooting will trip it, and no one has found a way to untrip it.
And that's why I'll probably buy it on Steam Sale in 2017 or so.
Dani is usually considered a girl's name, as it's short for Danielle.
Honestly, the only problem I have with the exercises is that it assumes I'm female, which I'm not. I don't ever need to say nosotras.
Jessica Lange ain't the Supreme anymore.
Tends to fall into member of the species Homo sapiens.
They actually have one there for $3000.
What if someone introduced a bot whose sole purpose was to increase profits of companies working to develop smarter bots?
Mine does IBM ThinkPad and then goes into more personal information than I'd like to give out.
I have no clue about names on the new cast. I'm just basing it on previous seasons with the twist. Cagayan had the advantage of Brawn winning most of the immunity challenges while the Brains imploded, which helped Tony come the merge. WA had the White Collar, who were pretty much a Brains tribe, also implode out the gate. I think the Blue Collar tribe also had a fair amount of challenge domination, which helped Mike get to the merge.
Of course, most of the kids that act out hard enough to get those probably have parents that don't give a fuck.
Walden Pond lets you have pets, although they charge a fee.
Only if Nadiya continues to suck at Reality TV game shows.
Ugh, guess I'm going to still be using the S6 for the next like 4 years.
I've seen them, flipped through them, and came to the conclusion that they're too hard. So many tiny places to make it hard to stay in the fucking lines.
I'd love to see them do a musical crossover with Neil Patrick Harris playing the villain Music Meister.
If you're still using Plex in 3-4 years, it finally becomes worth it, but if you're not sure, then the shorter options aren't too bad. Base cost is $5/month or $60/year. There's also an annual option that is $40/year or $3.33/month, but you have to pay $40 at once. To determine how long you'd have to be using a lifetime pass before it became cheaper, you'd have to see how many months at whatever price point you'd be using before it starts actually saving money. Therefore, if you went monthly, it would 35 months or nearly 3 years before the lifetime pass became worth it, or if paying annually, 53 months or 4 and a season years to become worth it.
It will be used in the sense of shown on screen at least, otherwise, why would they even tell us that it existed.
What about the Crack Baby Athletic Association game?
Adam Baldwin might be up to do it again, and I'd love to see him in another western.
My Sprint one has call over wifi, although I don't use it.
They prefer to be called Silurians.
Well, that was a line lifted straight from the book.
Only for like half of Dawn Treader. Even then, not so much hate, but pity.
If he does it soon, he can have Steve Buscemi cameo as a firefighter.
Why do any of these teams need to rebuild or build new stadiums? What's wrong with the old ones? Did Bane blow them up?
No, I haven't forgotten that one. I have a bumper sticker from it with my collection of other bumper stickers from campaigns that failed.
A small Catholic boarding school in rural Alaska doesn't sound too difficult.
The soundtrack was its weakest point to me. Too much pop.
Doctor Who: Civil War?
&gt; Also a sane person wouldn't have slept with some woman promising her an ancient virus in the hopes of reuniting with a son who hasn't aged a bit yet! Hey, that one made sense because she was definitely not sane.
Bugged there too.
Are you talking about the lips? In the movie that wasn't the Criminologist, it was Richard O'Brien (Riff-Raff).
[It's not live.](http://www.ew.com/article/2015/04/10/rocky-horror-picture-show-fox)
To be fair, the last one 20th Century Fox's.
For objection number 2, I contend that Krypton is over the United States if there exists a vector going from the center of the Earth to Krypton through a part of the United States.
[Source](http://www.ew.com/article/2015/04/10/rocky-horror-picture-show-fox) Pretty much, they're not doing live so that they can get screen actors instead of stage actors. People who are used to cuts and retakes rather than having to get everything perfect over 2 hours.
Depends heavily on how urban you are looking for. JMU is downtown Harrisonburg with plenty of stuff within walking distance of off-campus. They also have a great CS program from what I've heard. From what I've heard of VCU, it's more the kind of urban where crime is an issue.
I'd say a fair amount still hold up, at least from Nickelodeon. They only had 14 cartoons during the 90s, and the most popular ones (Rugrats, Doug, Hey Arnold) definitely hold up
🎺 ^🎺 🎺 ^🎺
It can also sometimes take 5 minutes.
It may have had low cultural effect, but that will change some. Disney's opening up an Avatar land at Animal Kingdom.
[Not always](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbWgUO-Rqcw). Thankfully, they've turned around since then. I do think that that conference is why PS4 has had better numbers.
Possibly, but they test all blood before using.
Got a false positive for some weird disease from South America the one time I did, and haven't gotten it cleared up yet.
That was just the tip.
One of my professors goes there for something similar. He teaches basic C++ in the summer there, hoping to help bring students to Christ.
Wait, where'd you get the rum?
Ah, the pic looks outdoors, so I assumed Adventureland.
&gt; "Truly, we live in the darkest timeline." CNN's Anderson Cooper, after ~~the speech.~~ donning the traditional felt goatee.
Most people don't have backups since most people don't have root, and you really can't backup properly without root on Android.
I'm not sure if I agree with work yourself to the bone. That seems like a recipe for burnout or a messed-up work-life balance. Work is important, just not at the expense of more important things like family.
How does fire rate work on a semi-auto weapon? Surely the fire rate should be equal to how fast you can press it, until it overheats.
Ok. I guess I just haven't been fast enough to hit that cap.
Funny thing is that Trump calls Jerry a reverend in his thank you tweet, when Jerry is a lawyer.
God, it was so easy to level up in KH2. Pride Rock was literally all I did after beating most of the story.
Slog through the first few episodes. It ends up picking up around Episode 4 or 5. 4 if you're going by what the order should be, and 5 if you're going by how they aired them.
Yeah. Episode was about a bomber. That one was supposed to be Episode 4,but they delayed it a week, and put Episode 5 in its place. It creates a slight continuity issue, but only in the romance stuff.
Not anymore. Achievement is bugged even further now.
Kylo Ren wishes he looked that good.
Depends on how you think step 3 should be handled. Since step 3 is "treat them as you would a pagan or a tax collector," that still falls under the Golden Rule. I'd argue that the best thing to do at that stage is not to excommunicate them from the church like JW's do, but limit parts of participation, like disallowing them from positions of leadership in the church, and perhaps disallowing them from participating in Communion.
I bet this person isn't in the test.
Yeah. I click the post button, and it does nothing. Makes me wonder if my account might be in danger.
Out of curiosity, is their Firewhiskey any different from Fireball or Cinerator?
I feel like there is almost certainly one in the Middle East that would probably produce the best alchemists in the world.
[Spoiler] (#s "Yeah, they should've killed off War Machine with that fall.")
[Yes.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/s1o90/i_think_my_teenage_son_may_have_sodomized_our_dog/)
Let's be honest. The kid only invited you because they want the $50.
It's punishing kids that we're talking about, not teenagers. What sort of elementary school would require kids to use smartphones?
Nah, just set their phone to a static ip on your network, then filter all the traffic from it to say, zombo.com.
What we need is a Poison legendary. One that isn't Arceus.
They also have a craft beer called MMMHops.
That's roughly 4 times more power than needed for a flux capacitor!
I don't watch Supernatural, but from the Internet, I was underneath the impression that the biggest ship for that show was gay incest between the leads. Are they actually doing that?
Maybe I was grandfathered in since I got the discount when it first came out, but I've used it for ~4 years now, and all I've had to do the past two years is just reverify I was a student. Won't be able to do that next time, but $10 Spotify really won't feel that expensive once I start working.
Depends on what you mean by canon. They aren't part of the Disney Animated Canon, but each of the stories technically is canon to their original movie, and a fair amount of them are canon to some TV shows, like events of The Lion King sequels being mentioned in The Lion Guard, and all of the Lilo and Stitch sequels being essentially episodes of the Lilo and Stitch show. The Atlantis sequel was also pretty much a backdoor pilot for an Atlantis show, and even feels like three television episodes slapped together.
Still made by Dick Wolf, only this time, he's an actual wolf.
Littlefinger's a big guy.
Will it help you through a rough time, [like the first Paul Blart Mall Cop film?](https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/33z828/reddit_what_movie_helped_you_through_a_rough_time/)
Not a movie, but a miniseries. And McShane is playing Wednesday.
I mean, the book only has but so much content. Probably will only be a season.
Survivor: Family Edition - Entire families compete, instead of just two members of a family like in BvW. I mean, it was a terrible Amazing Race season.
I don't use it because last time I did, I got fucked by a bug where their Charged Star Card was the same as one of the ones on my class, and when switching classes later in the match, it wiped out my supply of charges.
Wait, which instruments work with the adapter? I have RB1 drums, GHIII guitar, RB3 keyboard, and Microsoft microphone. After a quick google, apparently the microphone and the guitar would work with the adapter. Drums are too old since they're wired, and keyboard isn't even in the game.
Stock Touchwiz
Reminds me of when DH got leaked and I found a decent fanfiction that covered most of the same ideas pretending to be the leak.
All I know is Stephen Colbert is the Caesar Flickerman of the Hungry for Power Games.
I've heard of some places building grass bridges as sort of wildlife crosswalks.
They have special GearVRs for this. Has leather on any of the parts that touch people's faces, and an extra strap to keep it on while on the ride. Also, they clean every headset after each ride.
If a lake is moving fast, there might be a problem.
Just read it. Kind of boring, especially if you know a fair amount about how Disney does their backstage stuff.
Phones are locked in. These are modified GearVR.
[Here's an interview with a guy who explains the deal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeDutyFLXXs)
It's only the best if you don't suck at it. HvV is where I'm at.
Article says that he was scouting Disney Springs, not the parks. The parks have great security, but Disney Springs doesn't have any security perimeter that you have to go through to get in.
I love Big Brother too.
I don't vote in the midterms for my district, but that's because my district is so right-leaning, and Bob Goodlatte has done enough for the people of our district, especially in agriculture, that those who do vote choose him, even though he is so much a part of the systemic problems of Congress.
Round One: Depends on where they are, and which characters they replace. If they replace some of the non-Nedry staff, there's an excellent chance that many of them are eaten before Hammond invites the inspectors. If they replace the inspectors + kids (Everyone who goes out in the cars), they die by Tyrannosaurus, at least assuming that in this universe they haven't seen Jurassic Park because they're living it. If any of them replace Nedry, dinosaurs never happen because the computers can't deal with the lines of DNA. Alternatively, if they replace Nedry right at the start of the movie events, then everyone goes on fine because the dinosaurs don't get out. Round Two: Depends on how these guys are housed, which DNA version of Linkin Park they are, and whether there is a Nedry to sabotage everything. If these guys are housed by member, such that all of the Chesters or all of the Mikes are in the same enclosure, then it is much less likely that there will be the sort of cohesion and teamwork that is shown in Linkin Park. If they are housed by band, such that each enclosure has a full band, perhaps told to play a different song per enclosure, then some team work might be done. First things first, with instruments come instruments accessories. Guitar and mic cables can be turned into rope if push comes to shove, and may be able to be used to create shorts in the electric fences to allow escape. Unfortunately for the Linkin Parks, if they don't take out the cameras, they will quickly be discovered to not be in their cages since they can't breed more of themselves (The cameras are pretty much only good at counting the number of animals you expect.). Another point of contention is that probably not all of the Linkin Parks are equal. There is Linkin Park Prime, who presumably is not a part of the park, and is the original Linkin Park DNA. In the book, because of the incompleteness of the DNA, there are different versions of the dinosaurs, with each new version being a "more complete" batch of DNA. For example, the raptors are on Version 4.0. Given the amount of time it takes to create adult humans, there are probably many versions of Linkin Park in the park, ranging from newborns with the best DNA of the lot, to adults who are probably retarded. This is a major disadvantage for the Linkin Parks. Finally, Round Two belongs to the Linkin Parks, as Linkin Park Prime would force everyone off the island with a cease and desist. Round Three: After the hullabaloo of Round Two, Linkin Park scientists have decided to do something extraordinary and not against any law yet. They have decided to take their current DNA batches, and combine them with some [Dino DNA](https://youtu.be/qUaFYzFFbBU?t=1m22s). After a quick Google, there are 6 members of Linkin Park. There were 6 major dinos in Jurassic Park. Let's match them up. * Chester (lead vocals) - T. rex (lead dinosaur, awesome roar) * Rob (drums) - Brachiosaurus (because they boom when they walk) * Brad (guitar) - Dilophosaurus * Dave (bass) - Gallimimus * Joe (electronics) - Triceratops * Mike (keys) - Velociraptor With these combinations, weirdly enough, only the behavior came through, except for the Bradilophosaurs who spit poison. Honestly, I'm going to give this one to the Linkin Parks because a 40' tall Chesterex with that sort of voice would probably drive everyone off on its own. Also, unless the caretakers prepare for the size of an 85' Robrachiosaur, those will be able to break the fences for everyone since these guys still have enough human intelligence for music and murder. Round Four - Dinosaurs take it so hard. Round Five - Normal raptors are going to be the real threat. The rest of the dinos, except the Gallis, are probably taken out by their respective Linkin Park members. If the raptors work together with the T. rex to take down Chesterex, a la Jurassic World, then the dinosaurs will win by having the T. rex for other matchups. Best case for Linkin Park is if the big guys focus on the raptors, and maybe the T. rex, although I believe Chesterex can take T. rex in 1v1. Probably 7/10 to dinosaurs.
For those of you complaining that it's $65, that's only because this is Toys R Us, which has effectively a "you didn't price match" tax. The set normally goes for $60.
Music
[Doesn't seem to be more than once a year, but it's starting to approach actually happening once a year.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incidents_on_the_Washington_Metro#Derailments) At least they are trying to fix it now, but that just means that many lines are being closed down.
They don't have The Big Bad Wolf anymore.
They've replaced it with something newer and that keeps the big drop over the river.
Campus lockdown with active shooter. Honestly was really annoyed that it meant the dining halls were closed.
Nope. Virginia Tech when a Radford guy came and shot one of our cops.
About JPOG, look to the seas for the PC.
Reminds me of Puddleglum.
But Bastardbowl!
Just make sure the movie has Pauly Shore.
I mean, if all you know is the movies, they did change it to a raven in the movies.
I only just got it this week. Fucking cycler rifle is a pain to use. Easier as a scout pistol type weapon than as a sniper.
Better than the Obama-Mankey jokes.
Wait, are you talking about Mandy Moore and Kristen Bell,or their characters?
Well, I call this one The Campfire Song Song.
Well, it's not Kidz Bop, [but it can be cleaned up.](https://youtu.be/D6_cBtYWiis)
I'm trying to remember what Threshold 2's biggest changes were. The one I've used the most is being able to use Windows 7 and up keys straight for an install, but I don't remember much else.
Disney World got rid of Toontown for New Fantasyland.
Well duh. Does Google even have a crypto museum?
Yeah, but that second one can be turned into a career.
You mean Tony Stank?
Sounds like you have a computer bug.
Well, now all we need is a skull and an L, and it will be great.
Hey, I only just got the damn Shadow Trooper, so I'm going to enjoy it for a bit.
Eh, the only internship I ever had was with a company I'd never want to work for out of school, but they just happened to be one of very few tech companies in my hometown, so they were great for a summer internship.
You mean Promotion, right?
I really want to change the thumbnails for every episode to these on Plex, but I think they're a bit too spoilery, especially when I have a brother who hasn't been spoiled, and has only watched the first episode.
Didn't even need his father to push him like Bran did.
🔔🔔🔔
That's why you need to nail the board down to the bar.
CNN won't shut up about them?
Finally, a true believer in this sea of heathens.
They ended up finding children's stuff, but didn't tell the writer until way later.
The extra Python bit was great.
Oh, so it will get [Road Chip](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2974918/?ref_=nv_sr_1)ped.
You're Mr. E.
You stab the living one and ask them if it hurts.
They're all ripoffs of the Dynabook anyway.
Just take a normal Magic Band, and wear it such that the Mickey ears face your skin. Disregard any cracking sounds you may hear from the band.
Sheesh, those are quite far apart from each.
This about George Romero. The ... of the Dead zombie movie guy.
Upgraded to Xbox One? Some of those games are reasonably likely to become Backwards Compatible, like Red Dead Redemption and Gears of War. Also, the Guitar Controller might be compatible with Rock Band 4 on the Xbox One, depending on if it's wireless.
Eh, the first JP I saw was TLW, but the first one was easily the best, especially now that I understand that Vince Vaughn's character is a terrorist.
With an ARG that ends with "Drink more Ovaltine."
Does it still allow you to flood the world?
I'd go with Princess and the Frog, as it started development after Lasseter became head of animation, instead of being saved in development by Lasseter like Bolt was.
Well yeah. He died in 2012. Bender killed him.
It's a casserole. And doesn't count as pizza.
Ok. I can see that. The original movies stories were a relatively simple stories of good and evil, mostly cribbing from Joseph Campbell's monomyth. The prequels definitely still had those things, but added some new stuff like the idea of a hero falling, and the political stuff. The stuff that people really hate is the dialogue, and some of the performances given. Those fall more into filmmaking problems. If Disney ever decides to remake the prequels, I feel that they could make some great movies.
Or if you're Matt Leblanc, apparently Top Gear.
Nah, that's the guy that Reddit probably should hire to make it not require an extension.
More like the producers of the movies didn't give a shit about timeline, especially by HBP. Much more concerned with how they had cut out characters in previous films that ended up being important.
God, I hope there's an excuse to bring Supergirl over for the musical episode.
And yet, it seems like nothing of the story or music was lost.
But then the Dragonborn came.
Still maintain that it's Frank Palpatine. &gt; I must be Frank - Frank Palpatine in The Phantom Menace
#YAR HAR FIDDLE DEE DEE!
You know, I'm pretty sure every modern president has had some sort of pet, and usually a dog. What's Trump going to get? EDIT: Apparently, every president has kept some sort of animal in the White House, although Martin Van Buren apparently had to give his tigers to the zoo.
So next issue will be super cheap. Probably will make it a bit more difficult to get.
I'm kind of confused here on the rights business. Slender Man was obviously created by one person, who technically has all of those rights by default, but it was an anonymous user, so did these companies track this guy down, or did they just go after some of the people who had made derivative works, such as Marble Hornets or the Slender games?
It will probably have lower numbers than VII, but I bet it will still break a billion worldwide. It also may do better if it is actually better than VII by having people come and see it again. Plus inflation is always in its favor.
Well, you have to remember that Facebook was not invented in a bubble. Social networks have always been a thing in real life, and when people came online, those followed. Before the true social networking sites came online, you still had people connecting together via chat rooms and messages boards. Outlook and such had contact cards that you filled out with your contacts' information for the real world. Eventually, websites that people actually call social networking websites started to appear. Friendster was one, but the big one was MySpace. MySpace pretty much gave everyone who signed up a website, and allowed people to link to their friends' websites. It also had an embedded music player that was great for bands, so a lot of groups used MySpace for promotion. The biggest complaints with MySpace were that users had too much control over their profiles that usually used terrible CSS and autoplaying embedded media to make some really cringy profiles, and that pedophiles used the site to try to find kids. [TvTropes](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Website/Myspace?from=Main.MySpace) has a decent writeup about MySpace. Facebook came along near the height of MySpace's popularity, but it focused initially on exclusivity, with only college students at a few colleges and universities being able to join. Facebook lowered that bar as time went on. Compared to MySpace, Facebook avoided the user-caused UI problem by not allowing CSS modifications to user profiles. Instead, users could fill out information about themselves in blurbs that still exist on the site today (About Me). Facebook also avoided the pedophile problem during its startup years with the exclusivity thing. As for how it became the biggest site in the world, that's mostly just because it eventually reached a tipping point where it became essential, like email. Facebook for most people is still a pretty great way to communicate with friends, especially once group messages became a thing. It's also pretty easy to find people on it, provided you have a mutual friend with them. Facebook also has generally bought out any competition that actually looks dangerous to them, like Whatsapp. Twitter and Snapchat are examples of websites that took the cool factor away from Facebook, but their users still have Facebook profiles.
What, like Harry Rex or Oedipus Potter?
I'm pretty sure that bottom left is Unown.
And Jen needs it for her presentation.
I feel like they don't get to go around saying that. Like they probably just saying that they're X rank in Y branch of the military.
Needs more struts.
Malcolm Merlyn? Do you mean RA'S AL GHUL?
I do see the vault somewhat doing the bring the movies back for the kids thing, but the vault also grew in size when I was kid. It definitely is a pain, but at least there are others ways to get the movies that are in the vault right now.
My parents' cars all have handicapped plates. I've been driving one of them. I purposely don't park in handicapped spots.
Yeah, but later he become Negan.
What, are you paying with $100 bills? Actually, anything higher than a $20 bill will usually cause some skepticism, along with $2 bills.
Only if he outlives her. I still subscribe to the theory that she's living out of spite to keep him from getting the throne.
Reminds me of the Charlie Brown Christmas special. Can you play Jingle Bells?
Robert: Da fuck's an election?
/r/unexpectedsurvivor
I'd rather see something like the T1000.
Like what Netflix is doing with A Series of Unfortunate Events?
Maybe not on the middle school divide, but in general the going from age 5 to age 18 for mandatory schooling is how it is.
You mean Kate Winslet's boobs.
I still maintain that he wasn't the worst. James Buchanan still gets that title.
My understanding is while that job sucks a ton, they get a ton of counseling from the FBI, both before and after.
Just remember that Catan and meeting eligible singles are not mutually exclusive. Although, saying that you have wood for sheep does not usually help one's chances.
Are you saying you want a text based Skyrim game? Or something like Zork but fully rendered, like something out of Ready Player One?
Heck, I know that Liberty has a shit reputation here, but I'm going to throw that in the ring too.
Is this school in Florida?
Isn't their headquarters in Clearwater, FL? I feel like they're much more up for a riot.
Sometimes that's the case. Other times they get remembered forever, like Charlie Manson, who is still serving some life sentences.
Lvl 20-something and none of those, although I did catch a Dratini on vacation, back during that first week.
Well, she is Me on Doctor Who.
Saying that San Diego is known for its animal attractions, such Sea World, the San Diego Zoo, and the San Diego Chargers. The bad guy says it while teleconferencing with investors right before a triceratops fucks up his tent.
It's the Fridge's fault.
Still haven't finished that series. And have mostly forgotten what happens in the ones I did read. What follows is what I remember from them. 1. [He captures Holly and there's a huge battle, and he somehow is allowed to keep his knowledge of fairies.](/spoiler) 2. [Something happens in the arctic and he gets his dad back.](/spoiler) 3. [Something with a cube of powerful tech.](/spoiler) I think there's like 7 books, but that's all I remember of them, and my copies got destroyed in a flood when I was in elementary school.
And I'm assuming that her hair will be long and marketable again for the series, so unless the series takes place after the wedding, this is looking like one of those Disney sequels where they don't give a shit because "it's for kids."
Well, if we're all turned black, what are the rules?
They'll need it again next fall.
Reminds me of Fezzik and Jai Courtney.
While I agree that Columbus isn't really worth celebrating, I really still want a holiday in October.
Weird, I hear them echoing tonight.
Except for breaking the first one by denying Him.
It's fine. Most people only remember the last few about not lying and not adulterizing and such.
Sometimes, you could get stuck on the same map during HvV for a while. Which can sometimes get annoying, like when you get stuck on the swamp crash of Endor.
What, you think life is like Mr. Robot?
House, based on a Ted Dekker and Frank Peretti book.
Hell, 2016 did have a relatively famous YouTube star die in 2016: Christina Grimmie.
We should take Bikini Bottom and push it somewhere else!
[Seinfeld is on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3Kgf_dEWjE)
The Basement Tapes were tapes of themselves that the Columbine killers made. They were meant to be released in a few years, but the sheriff's department there destroyed them a few years ago.
What, like some kind of Suicide Squad?
&gt; STARZ ~~has~~ had contracts with Disney so all Pixar, Star Wars, Marvel features go to them. Star Wars: The Force Awakens was the last movie for that contract. Netflix picked it up. It's why Zootopia and Civil War are on Netflix now. As for 2016 Disney movies, I'm pretty sure they're up through Alice in Wonderland II: Electric Boogaloo, and the next one for Netflix is Finding Dory.
Why name things after William McKinley anyway? The best thing he did was die so that Teddy Roosevelt could take over.
The D stands for Duck, right?
You know, seeing them mention the last time Trump was at Liberty reminded me of that time when Trump was at Liberty and gave the advice of "Get even, and get a pre-nup." Which while doesn't seem like Christian advice, definitely fits for prosperity gospel.
I can do the Premillennialism one, with a focus on dispensational premillennialism, with a focus within that on a pretribulation rapture. Credentials: Probably the only who's going to sign up, read all of the Left Behind books, watched all of the Left Behind movies, even the ones you probably don't know about, and went to Liberty University and got a 3.75 GPA in the relevant Bible courses.
I don't think people know who the OG creator of Slenderman was beyond a handle on SomethingAwful.
They had some, but I'm not sure if they just weren't showing any constrast when the pic was taken or if they just weren't as big. In the picture you just posted, I'm pretty sure that there's one near the carousel.
Or flip it upside down.
You don't necessarily need to go that far. I'm Facebook friends with a couple of my former teachers, and they're out sick this week because of some sort of bug going through the community. Just have someone get sick in time to get the teacher sick.
He wasn't the only one. Clinton was impeached as well. Both Johnson and Clinton were acquitted by the Senate.
See, I always see this answer, but it just makes me ask how do you talk to your friends? Because when I talk to my friends, they answer immediately, in English. When I pray, I usually don't get an answer, and not in any sort of conversational way. In fact, it's more like when I've tried talking to people that aren't my friends, and I can see that the message was delivered, but they didn't want to reply.
I'm not sure if they'd allow anyone trash talking Jeff to end up in the final cut. They'd end up like Lucy.
Hmm, I wonder if someone threw a pair of green boots up there, would it stay?
Fox still has distribution rights for the movies it made, but all that aren't ANH go to Disney in 2020. As for Disney's movies, expect Rogue One on Netflix later this year. The Force Awakens was the last movie on Disney's deal with Starz, and Disney took their movies to Netflix.
Oh, sorry about that. I didn't post any links because I'm fairly certain that pictures of dead people are against the sub rules, and even Wikipedia has a picture of him. I just think that a pair of green boots, without a skeleton, would be just fine as an easter egg.
I feel like the Warren G. Harding one does not realize how similar Harding and Trump seem to be.
You mean again, right? There was an Arrow skin in the first game, albeit as DLC.
Yeah, probably. The Planet Earth series are good, but they're just nature documentaries. They don't have the raw emotion you can get from a well-acted series. But Planet Earth is a great way to test out a new TV.
Honestly, I bet the next president will be someone who hasn't really been heard of on the national stage as of this point. Maybe someone in some state position.
I think you mean let a five year old control how high the baskets are at all times. Like have it low when they're approaching, then when they're almost there, lift it out of range.
According to Wikipedia, megachurches are Protestant by definition. By attendance only though, there are some Catholic and Orthodox parishes out there that have enough attendance to count. The number to be over is 2,000 weekly attendees.
Like [Action League Now!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5_V-adnn6M) Because now I suddenly want a Flash episode in which everyone is turned into toys.
Funny enough, I'm 25, and I remember trying to go see X3 on a date. Ended up getting to the theater too late and we ended up seeing RV. Guess what movie makes no one feel romantic?
While you get all of your dining credits when you check in, and each room has a pool, if your party is in multiple rooms, it becomes of a pain to figure out who has the credits for food.
Is it bad that I want Moana to win that one just so that Lin-Manuel Miranda gets an EGOT?
Yeah, I wish that there was more crossover between Best Animated and Best Picture, even if it does telegraph the winner of Best Animated.
Obligatory AMA question: Would you rather fight 1 horse-sized duck or 100 duck-sized horses?
How custom are they going to go with this? Obviously, they should have a ban on offensive images, but what about images that users don't have permission for?
Ok. There is a big thing that you are forgetting in Round 2. For while it is pretty much a rule that Dennis and Dee always win Chardee Macdennis, it is also pretty much a rule that Mac and Charlie always lose Chardee Macdennis. Obviously, the Friends crew don't have any knowledge of the rules, and are probably barely functioning if they get past Round 1, but I could see Charlie or Frank finding out that Dennis and/or Dee is cheating, and sabotage their team enough to bring the Friends crew up to Round 3. There is also a chance that Frank does something nuts again like in Chardee Macdennis II: Electric Boogaloo and the game ends up coming down to the tiebreaker of flipping a coin. If any amount of the Friends crew hasn't died from alcohol poisoning by this point, then they might win on a coin toss. Or the coin could land on its edge, and then suddenly The Gang Becomes Mind Readers.
Isn't a MonsterVerse what Universal is trying to make again with the Tom Cruise Mummy movie?
Expected the derpy Godzilla form from Shin Godzilla.
They warn you and ask which one you want at the beginning of the queue.
I've seen some ebooks be more expensive than the paperback, especially back when Apple and some publishers were colluding to raise ebook prices. And for some books, you can get them really cheap used, but the ebook still costs new price.
Yeah. And to my SD card.
I mean, maybe back before the games were datamined and their info was put on the internet, but using HP-restoring items like a Potion on it increased happiness as much as leveling it up, even if the Potion wouldn't work to heal.
It depends a lot on the kind of pictures you want. If you don't necessarily care about ride photos, or the magic shots, and have a professional camera, you can easily get by without it.
The photopass photographers will use any camera you bring to them.
&gt; full blown attack of the gorillas Do you mean an attack of the city of the apes?
Well, first kids have to understand the birds and the bees before they understand the complex love between a gourd and his cheeseburger or the love between a cucumber and a manatee.
I'm pretty sure that by this point, Adam Levine wants to be a solo act, but still has the band.
It was nice to see her back. Maybe some other people can come back from the movie.
I think we should teleport a giant space vagina squid thing into the middle of New York City, killing thousands, in order to convince the nations of the world to work together against this new threat.
No backlights until the Kindle Paperwhite, which was part of the 5th gen of Kindles overall.
The first gen ones were really weirdly designed. I have a 2nd Gen and a 3rd Gen Paperwhite that I got for Christmas. 2nd Gen one still works, but the lack of wifi is starting to hurt it, and the backlight on the Paperwhite is really useful.
No, Watchmen. You know, the comic with the doomday clock on some of its covers.
Similarly, you don't need a telescope to find him, he's on [Bald Mountain.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLCuL-K39eQ)
As someone from the mountains who recently moved to NoVa for work, I miss them so much.
Beyond the gory parts, I do give it props for how it does do very visual storytelling since all the dialogue is subtitled.
The cover of I Walk the Line for the new Power Rangers movie also seems to be more about the trend than fitting Power Rangers. On the other hand, the slowed down version of the Might Morphin Power Rangers theme song riff that they use at the end of the trailer would have worked throughout the entire trailer better.
That's obviously a log, or the body of Tim Burton.
[Well, it all started in 32 ABY.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2KRpRMSu4g)
Heard good things about Roller Coaster Tycoon Classic, but that is literally a port of the 20-something year old PC game.
F
Can we call your tall people "frost giants"?
Well, Cars 3 looks like it's going to be like Rocky III, with Lightning losing to some upshot after a few years of being the top guy, only to pull himself back up with training out in Radiator Springs to end up winning in a close rematch. And by that, I mean, Lightning will probably crash in the first act.
I wish we could just sing the goofy goober lyrics without being penalized.
[OotP in 3:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD-Huwlg2kY).
Took a little while, but the planes ended up falling out of the sky.
On a similar note, [Square Root of Minus Garfield](http://www.mezzacotta.net/garfield/), or Imaginary Garfield.
IIRC, the heroes were at least balanced on each map.
Beads?
Looks like they made the mistake of taking the train.
Come to think of it, didn't this race film long before the Cubs won?
So how would this season have been different if the other teams didn't help Brooke with her ladle? Like Mike has to be kicking himself now.
As someone else said, back then everyone smoked, plus for Guinness' generation, there was WWII. I've got to think that battle ages people faster.
I did that in an airport TGI Fridays once. For one thing, they sat me like right next to the door, and two, they didn't really have good steak choices.
&gt; Tom: (smugly) "I don't know Claire. Am I your *boo*friend?" FTFY
I count 27 in this picture.
I don't think she's ICO, but wouldn't be surprised if she's CIA.
Maybe for Hal, but imagine if they went for something completely different, like Simon Baz or Jessica Cruz. He'd also be good for Alan Scott.
I think Etta might have been able to vote by that point, since it's implied that the movie takes place in November 1918 and she's clearly over 30. Depends on if she owned property.
[Killing is very yes.](https://i.imgur.com/Wy0O8vL.jpg)
Tried buying one of the later gens on Ebay, but all I got was a broken one. Thought it was just the headphone jack, but ended up being the board, so I returned it.
Although, since DC isn't a state, that area is usually referred to as the DC metro area.
Nah. It's the Magical Congress of the United States of America. Predates the country and any departments of the executive by a lot. It's one of the things from that movie where the name actually made sense. Although, I think that the Pottermore entry should have said that it was called the Magical Congress of America originally, or at least some other original name.
From what I've heard, that's what Fox is trying to do. Only instead of blackjack and hookers, it's stuff like Firefly, and the first 3 seasons of Arrested Development. Possibly The Simpsons, but Fox loves locking down old episodes of that show.
The ones that made that segment. Rest of the movie was made by different people, kind of like The Twilight Zone show. Like, for example, the Kick the Can segment was done by Spielberg, and the Nightmare at 20,000 Feet segment was done by George Miller, of Mad Max fame.
Just got to ask, but is it called Walker Stalker Con because the fans are stalking the actors in large hordes not dissimilar to the walkers on the show?
[Zombie Lincoln did lose a fight to Deadpool](https://imgur.com/gallery/njOM57q), although so did the rest of the dead presidents.
And now he's not because the game is getting shut down.
Did you follow the link? Those kids are wearing the exact same overalls and silly hats.
tickmaster's comment is an old meme, based on a rant by Richard Stallman.
[The BOX network's back at it again!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWpWGVE6PUE)
So people thought he was Savitar? It's like poetry, it rhymes.
Gotta say though. I feel like the only real follow up line to Crispin Glover saying "I'm not your enemy," is "[I'm your density](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqKmb7SSpTE)".
Sure, he's shit, but I still like the one song that band had.
Teamed up with X-23 from Logan?
Because Rowling really wanted to be able to have a say in the actual development of attractions, and Disney didn't want to deal with that. Disney had also just transitioned CEOs when the negotiations fell through. Probably also did not help that Warner Bros is the actual rights holder for Harry Potter.
What the hell are you talking about? Each season is a book. Sure, Korra's seasons were all "half-seasons" compared to The Last Airbender, but they were designed to have the number of episodes they got. Season 3 was when they started to go online-only, but mostly because the season had much lower ratings than the previous seasons due to things like starting the season in the middle of the summer because episodes 3-6 leaked from Mexico, and the problem of season 2 kind of sucking, except those episodes with Wan. Season 4 ended up then getting pushed out earlier than expected and started out only online, but the last few episodes did actually air on Nicktoons Network the same day they were released online.
Or even if you just looked at Americans.
Huh, maybe I should actually finish Moon.
&gt; video games series London and Chase play Street Fighter V?
Yeah, hopefully by the time a game I really care about comes out for it (Pokemon Gen VIII?), they'll be far more available.
[It does work better as a speech.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv2Wi-hFlJ8) Spez: although apparently History Channel didn't want to include the last line.
Except the S6. They took a lot of steps backwards with that one.
I'm not sure what they could replace it with. It's got a pretty small footprint. Like maybe you could get something decent by taking out Aloha Isle and Country Bears and then using that space, but it's still a very tiny area.
I'm pretty sure that it's because of language.
Samsung Pay is better at the hardware level, but can still run into problems. For example, CVS was blocking them, although I think it was because they had their NFC reader on, but blocking payments through it. Another problem is that there are still lots of cards that aren't supported, like Discover. Finally, there's the human element. Sure, Samsung Pay can work with any magstripe reader that it can line up to correctly, but you can still have cashiers try to stop you from doing it because "phones don't work". At least with Apple Pay, if it can work there, the staff know it can work there. But beyond that, I find it faster to just swipe my card if I can swipe. I already need my wallet just to get to wherever I'm buying stuff.
I don't think kids use those any more. It's all about Spark Notes, since those are online and free. Maybe Cliffs Notes moved online at some point, but I remember them being the expensive option.
Nah, everyone's going to get iced. It's a song of ice and fire.
Well, there was someone who decided to get one, but it was the bad guy.
How much post-game are you going to try for? Because beyond the legendaries, the biggest differences are that Black has Black City, where you can fight trainers with higher level Pokemon, and White has White Forest, where you can catch Pokemon from previous gens. However, IIRC, to be able to fully take advantage of them, you need to meetup with people who have the opposite game.
True, but boxers and MMA fighters are all adults. They can definitely consent to messing their brains up. With kids, it's different. I'm betting that football will at least be modified to lower the chances of concussions for kids, and may even be banned from schools. Boxing and MMA aren't high school sports. Football is.
So for their monster movie universe, sounds like they tried to introduce The Mummy, Invisible Man, and Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde?
I wouldn't be surprised if it was a little bit related to the field of poppies in The Wizard of Oz.
I'm guessing Cars 3 is a combo of need more money, and we watched Days of Thunder and Rocky IV, and maybe Talledega Nights.
/r/truechristian used to be really bad, but then the owner got banned, and some conservative, but not crazy, people took over. I would go get a link from the Wayback Machine, but that doesn't work at work apparently.
One of my friends got one of those recently.
Oh, I was hoping that they'd have an invisible person be the Invisible Man. It can work on film.
But it comes with a free frogurt.
Why is the snoo for the exchange Jar Jar instead of The Senate?
[No, that's stupid.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvkjewgF8GQ)
I mean, you've got to think that Malfoy has access to some form of communication with his father that's faster than Owl Post. Then his dad can just apparate right outside Hogwarts and walk right in.
Ok. Fun question: Do you get more XP for playing on Pro Drums instead of regular drums, for the normal challenge songs (not the spotlights)?
Well, pool was its own moral panic back in the day, especially down in River City.
Is this an adaptation of Lamb? Probably not, but that would be at least a funny idea.
[Cue the music](https://youtu.be/fVVjzPOLsPY?t=1m7s).
So I'm pretty sure that if this isn't the ending, then the ending will be end up being that Jesus emptys Hell, reclaims Heaven, and then resurrects.
He's a managed user.
Huh? There weren't stud multipliers at in Lego Star Wars I, but you could have multiple "cheats" going at the same time.
&gt; In July 2017, Spotify struck deals to pay lower royalties to some labels in exchange for delaying some top album releases from appearing on its free tier for two weeks. Looks like these guys like writing in the future past tense.
/r/expectedhamilton
Because he threw away his shot.
What's #20?
Or by asking how their Pokedex is coming along.
Did that, and the PS4 isn't showing up anymore on that screen. In fact, the only reason I noticed it was because of PlexPy.
Yeah, noticed that while checking the status of an order that just arrived checking.
Seriously, it has to be bots. What other subs have posts that get 1/7 of their subscribers to upvote?
This kind of makes the Adam West in Peril part of Lego Batman 3 a bit awkward.
Of Survivor: China, Survivor: Micronesia: Fan vs Favorites, and Survivor: Heroes vs Villains fame?
Since Cesar Romero died ages ago, shouldn't be like Adam West going off with Joker while the other Batmen say goodbye?
That seems more like a picture of Goofus and Gallant.
Wait, are they calling Now You See Me 3 "Now You See Me: Now You Don't"? Because everywhere I've looked seems to be saying that it's just Now You See Me 3.
Hmm, formats is probably the only way I'd hit that. I've got hardcovers (first edition on last two, maybe last three), e-books, Stephen Fry audiobooks, and debating about Jim Dale audiobooks. So that's only 4. Used to have a paperback SS and CoS, but gave those away to a charity thing since I barely read physical books anyway. I do like how they look on my shelves though.
M | E | M | E -|-|-|- E | M | E | M M | E | M | E E | M | E | M
Now I'm imagining Inigo Montoya going to Disneyland and attacking Mickey.
Sounds like you have a case of [teenage angst.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD-Huwlg2kY) First off, if no one wants to hang out with you, I'd recommend checking to see if you're the sort of person people would like to hang out with. I used to be like you, with no friends and not really hanging out with people in high school, but I eventually grew up and realized that I was an asshole. My recommendation for you is that if you want to hang out with people, be intentional about it. Ask people to go do things. Also, don't say no if they invite you to a party. You can still have fun at those without drinking or having sex. That said, yes, your friends are in the wrong for doing that, but you don't have to participate. Also, if you plan on never drinking, even after becoming 21, the best way to get out of drinking at a party is to be the designated driver. Lots of people can be happy living in sin. Drinking and sex are fun. It's just that there's a time and place for those that your friends aren't in yet. Youth group is a social event. So is church. Sure, they're a different sort of social event than parties, but they're still social events. As for whether or not it's your place to help that girl, I'd say maybe, but that you definitely went about it wrong. Check out [Matthew 18:15], but also [Matthew 7:1-5]. Oh, and if you need more help with teenage angst in general, I recommend the book of Ecclesiastes, and Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance.
Huh, went and listened to some of that stuff. Reminds me the soundtrack to Snow White, which may have been 20 years later, but this music is what Walt Disney was listening to as a teenager.
Well, we've been doing that since at least Shakespeare, right? Actually, come to think of it, I think there were Greek plays where lovers committed suicide.
Yes, they are. Lord Buckethead is clearly from space, and Buckethead is from California.
More like Director, then Agent again, then Mister, then Director again, and now what's an employee of S.W.O.R.D. called?
They're becoming /r/ImGoingToTheNineCorrellianHellsForThis.
I've just got to wonder how no one thought about how the entire idea that they were doing with that was putting a pole in a whole lot of holes.
I thought he's busy being in every Disney movie.
How far are you behind on House of Cards? You might just want to forget that there are new seasons of it.
Just don't try to marry it to any canon. Like it takes bits and pieces from the comics, movies, TV shows to make its own thing. Most characters are very different from their previous incarnations. Also, if you find Fish Mooney to be unbearable, she gets better, eventually.
Don't forget King Candy from Wreck-It Ralph, and K2S0 from Rogue One.
Ok, sure, a large part of it is the creationism. However, the Creation Museum apparently did/does work financially, so there apparently is an audience for it. I think that one of the bigger problems with Ark Encounter is that it's not a theme park like people want nowadays. It's pretty much Creation Museum 2: Electric Boogaloo in a building that looks like an ark, and a small petting zoo, and they're charging $40 for a one day ticket. So what the problem is with this "theme park" is that it needs more attractions. Looking at their website, apparently they've added ziplines through a bunch of the land that was going to be other parts of the park, but I'm pretty sure they gave up on their expansion plans, which actually looked kind of awesome. Like they were going to kind of create a Bible theme park, with different sections going with different parts of the Bible. Obviously, there was going to be the ark and petting zoo, but they were planning on having Tower of Babel section, and a Jerusalem section. Also, they were planning on having a pre-Flood city as the main area around the ark instead of a field, but that still hasn't happened. I'm also pretty sure that at least one section was going to have rides, but they don't have that.
Bonus points if Captain Cold creates the iceberg that the Titanic hits?
Well, 70 years ago anyway. They come from jet airliners, and those didn't exist until ~1950, which for a lot of people does seem to be perpetually 50 years ago.
Guitar Hero II for easier songs on Expert, and then Beatles Rock Band for drums, although, it has only been RB4 that I could pass harder songs on Expert.
It's a show with time travel. You can just pick him up from right before he dies.
[Here's](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/7-diy-experiments-b-o-b-the-earth-is-round/) some science experiments you can do. For the first one, you might be in luck with a partial lunar eclipse in August.
Honestly, they taste better to me because while General Mills has gone all healthy, Malt-o-meal is still the super sugar cereal it's always been.
I once watched [this movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End_of_the_Spear) without subtitles. For a good chunk of it in the middle, everyone's speaking in Embera, which I can't understand anything of it. Still got the gist of things though.
Yes, but that's the first park. Jurassic World was supposed to fix the mistakes of the first park, and did fix most of them.
The Peoplemover only goes 6 mph though, so it wouldn't be able to go fast enough for the distances required.
Have you seen Miley lately? She's looking downright normal, and even released a country song recently.
Are you telling me that Mama was right when she said that pop music was the devil?
But Inspired totally is one.
True, but for Miley Cyrus, daughter of Billy Ray Cyrus and goddaughter of Dolly Parton, it's more like going back to her roots.
Not to mention how do cars die? We got confirmation in this movie that Doc Hudson died. Like Doc is a Hudson Hornet, you can rebuild every part of those, so how did he die? Paul Newman died of cancer. Cars can't get cancer. Also, I know it's for a joke, but the homesick rookie was cheered up by being shown the village from Coco. Is that village in the Cars universe? Because then it does heavily imply that this universe used to have people.
Well, this movie did confirm moonshine, so corn for ethanol makes a fair amount of sense.
Final? You don't know Disney.
You know, he wasn't wrong.
The problem with /r/evan is that it could be for Evans, or for Revans. Also, that it was made 9 years ago and is empty while not allowing submissions.
[It came from a CoD game.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/press-f-to-pay-respects) [And now you know!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pele5vptVgc)
They've won a few cases, but mostly in the realms of where the line is on protesting abortion clinics and how public can school prayer be.
[No, Hitler is a Mercedes.](http://img08.deviantart.net/4c1b/i/2012/166/3/e/adolf_hitler_by_lowrider_girl-d53jnbc.jpg) The underlings would be Volkswagens.
The Music Man
Air Bud
A Trip to the Moon (1902)
Well, he's a big guy.
He's not in the DCEU.
2011 15" Macbook Pro - At least 8 GB memory, although I'm thinking that it has 16. 512 GB HDD. Wondering if the price that a friend has it for on FB is a deal. He's trying to sell for $500.
I would be fine with a live-action Toy Story movie, but only if it had Tim Allen as Buzz Lightyear and Tom Hanks as Woody.
Yeah, but 2 can be as bad as one. It's the loneliest number since the number 1.
Why is a googol the limiting factor on handheld calculators? Shouldn't it be some power of 2?
Silhouettes are totally worth it. Only souvenir I have from the first time I went to Disney World.
Isn't that like $21K?
&gt; Oliver said, “Hey, Bob. Just wanted to say, if you plan on suing, I do not have a billion dollars… But I do have a check for three acorns and 18 cents... it’s made out to ‘Eat Shit, Bob.’” Damn fake news. That wasn't Oliver who said that. It was Mr. Nutterbutter.
ALL CAPS = yelling, especially if there's multiple exclamation points behind it.
Yeah, feels weird.
First spike for Frank is May 2005, when Episode III came out. Probably would have had another spike at Episode II, and an initial one shortly after Episode I, but Google Trends only goes back to 2004.
While he's been working on it for years, I thought it hasn't been all that long. Like I thought he was working on a book that was going to be written entirely in emoji, but found that to not work.
Question from a young person who wasn't alive in the 80s. Why did they name this bill after G.I. Joe's enemies? Was it just Congress showing that their true colors for a bit of fun?
It falls into a weird spot since it's not fully animated. Hell, in Europe, it's not even considered part of the canon, with The Wild (2006), which wasn't made by Disney Animation taking its spot.
How much of an anything? It's available as an RB3 custom, so you'd need some older equipment.
Milwaukee has definitely been done. Was on there a few weeks in a row back in November/December.
Also, it is actually for the little shit with the broken leg. Booze should shut her up.
Eh, even a bad plotline is fine when it's Carol Kane.
Yeah, plus they were available, but now have 0 seeds.
I thought it was the oldest video game troubleshooting move in the book. Like every cartridge needed to be blown to work.
Si, Threepio.
James Cameron's all about that seafood, like at home, he cooks these great seafood dishes that no one's ever seen, but to pay for that lifestyle, he has a restaurant where he serves relatively safe fare that's still is really good. He also got lucky with a few dishes becoming insanely popular, so he's shut down the restaurant a few times to focus on his seafood and upgrading the restaurant to have the newest cooking technology. ^I ^^might ^^^have ^^^^taken ^^^^^the ^^^^^^metaphor ^^^^^^^too ^^^^^^^^far.
in b4 lock, like every post on the Hall of Presidents. Beyond that, honestly, what I'd like to see would be maybe just let a few presidents give excerpts from some of their great speeches. Like maybe have Washington do part of his [Farewell Address](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Washington%27s_Farewell_Address), have Lincoln do the Gettysburg Address, and then maybe FDR's Pearl Harbor Speech, Eisenhower's Farewell Address, LBJ's We Shall Overcome Speech, or for some real fun, maybe something from [Nixon's press conference at the Contemporary Resort.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disney%27s_Contemporary_Resort#Richard_Nixon.27s_press_conference)
I had/have that. It came with the tower thing from the end of the movie. I think we threw that out a while ago because it broke.
I believe it is time for you to go.
Nah, that's just Anakin burning.
When the Senate doesn't kneel before Zod.
Metal album covers. Metal album covers everywhere.
No, God can't break his promises, so we won't flood the whole earth again. However, fire isn't out of the question. [2 Peter 3:5-7]
I'm guessing you have the same amount of knowledge as the rest of us on this, so do you think Hodor is coming back? Also, are you HYPE FOR CLEGANE BOWL?!?!?!? 📢 ^📢 📢 ^📢
Sheesh bot, there's three plot summaries and you pick the worst.
I think Noah was the character's name, but I think most people called him Chris since he was the kid that played Chris on Everybody Hates Chris.
It's also a pun on eschaton, which means the end of the world/the end of the Divine plan.
Theon Greyjoy, always the disappointing son.
We'll carry on
Yeah, but unless Red Skull has found some way to stay youthful, he's either dead, or very, very old. I mean, he was contemporary to Peggy Carter, and she's dead.
Even better would be a not a test of the emergency broadcast system going off. It's the end of the world, and you're just ahead of the curve.
Let's gather round the campfire and sing our campfire song.
Of course.
Lightning and hammers are more associated with Thor than Odin. Blame Marvel.
But it will help if you just sing along.
Speedway. It's got such a large footprint and is on the edge of the park, so removing it could open up the possibility of a new land. Country Bears and Stitch are pretty bad, but they take up pretty small footprints that would be very hard to retrofit into much else, except maybe some Disneyland Fantasyland style dark rides.
Nah, churches denounced drunkenness, as they should, but alcohol was drank pretty heavily back in colonial times. Hell, the Mayflower had more beer than water on it. It wasn't really until the 19th century that the temperance movement became a thing, with it gaining strength until Prohibition happened.
And if you're Baptist, drink a glass of Welch's grape juice.
GE used to own part of NBC/Universal, who were part of The Big Six, then Comcast bought a controlling stake in NBC/Universal, then Comcast bought out GE's shares. GE's big, but it has nothing to do with media.
I like Alolan Dugtrio better, but I also don't play competitively. Something about that hair though.
