I don't know, I always classify them as ass-kicking ska because it's hard to find a ska band with the same feel to their music. You know, that 'let's go rob a bank' feel.
Just starting getting into The Hands That Thieve- what's everyone's favorite song on that album? I'm big on The Littlest Things and Toe To Toe so far, but I always worry that I'm missing out on gold when I first listen to a new album.
UGH They Provide The Paint for the Picture-Perfect Masterpiece You Will Paint On The Inside Of Your Eyelids Maybe the most perfect song ever
Unpopular Opinion: Keasbey Nights was better done by Catch 22. The sheer emotion behind the album shone through more when a bunch of young guys made it with hope in their hearts; Streetlight's version sounds much more like a technically perfect virtuoso-fest which, while it's nice in its own way, dilutes some of the sheer raw-ness of the original. I love Streetlight Manifesto, also.
The Receiving End of it All has this amazing medley near the end... I love the everlasting fuck out of that song.
I'm convinced that the band is 100% tired of labels doing this stuff...
This. Relationships are the holy grail of teaching. You're not going to get through to students if you don't have a strong relationship with them. I think it starts with having talks as opposed to giving talks: "Hey, so. I noticed that things aren't going horribly well in class. I want the best for you, I want success for you, and I want to know what I/we can do to make class more interesting/worthwhile/difficulty-appropriate." Now I realize that this is not always practical. But. It's worth putting in the effort. And trust me, some students will say things like "I don't care about subject x" and "oh but subject x is so important because blah reasons that teenagers can't relate to" isn't going to do much. But, again, it's worth putting in the effort. Sometimes just showing students that you notice things about them and that you care about them is all you need to do.
Username checks out. You know what sounds like a good pursuit for you? Finding a way to make it without having any part of 'it,' the misery and the meetings and the minivans. You just need to find that thing that you love doing that you would never, ever stop doing, then you need to offer it to the world. Also, screw homework.
Whatever. Leveling up is leveling up. I'm just now getting ready to move on to Emperor from King after winning a domination as Venice, and I'm still proud of myself. True honor comes from besting one's self, not from besting another. So don't be so hard on yourself.
Nah. You're just fulfilling your destiny as a great civilization. Source: Am American
I never start. Venetians will settle for nothing.
It looks like you'll be fine without all of the documents, but it will set you back 130,000 Won. Source: [Waygook.org](http://www.waygook.org/index.php?topic=73456.0)
Honestly, if there's a place to stop drinking, it's probably Korea. I've never been more drunk anywhere else than here, and it can definitely act as a "come to sober Jesus" moment. Good on you.
You again!
Wow, what an awesome resource! Thanks for sharing this- I may find myself in my own housing search soon, and this is a very empowering thing to have. Cheers!
God. I. Suck at Minecraft.
Finally get a moment alone with the old man, He's having trouble breathing, And he's not the only one, only one, He wonders where time goes, And why we haven't spoken for so long. He regrets it, He forgets it, And none too soon... Because he's closing his eyes and fading. Harvey Danger - Jack the Lion
I picked Minecraft up again a few days ago after having not played for about 3 months, and it struck me that I forgot how to do that trick. And it hurt. And then I remembered, and everything was okay. This is a really useful thing, thanks for putting it back out there.
No idea what everyone is talking about with Reddit drama. Don't care. Everything is great, la la la la la.
That was wonderful. It's amazing how solid team play still doesn't take the spotlight in the Association, even after the Spurs' legacy has shown its merits.
Fuck me. How much did the doctor's expertise cost you? -_- EDIT: My bad, assumed expensive and lazy American doctor
Okay, then. Why don't we fund him?
Thanks for this. I get Boolean logic, but for some reason the whole thing gets lost in translation when it comes to Redstone. It's really hard for me to wrap my head around. I'm going to head to the links posted below and try to figure out how Redstone works in a Boolean sense, and then maybe I'll start recognizing what these gates look like and how everything pieces together. Cheers.
I have a crazy idea for everyone: Let's. See. What. Happens.
ESL teacher here. Conditional language? Native-level. Use of parentheses in writing? Native-level. Use of 'bucks,' also native-level comfort with the language. The only thing that's missing is a comma between "answer" and "I'll," and you're on Reddit so your language meets the grammatical requirements dictated by the context. Nobody cares about the missing comma.
Hey, at least you fixed it. And don't worry, one could easily make a part-time job of telling the internet that Marshall Law is a Tekken character, not the existence of a police state.
China with a more modern / productive bonus under Mao, while still using the Paper Maker and Chu-Ko-Nu? Awesome. Korea with Admiral Yi Sun Shin, getting a movement / combat bonus with naval units? Awesome.
Delete Facebook, hit the gym.
See, the thing is that some people consider EDM to be music.
Are you pulling my leg?
Speights nailed him in the back / back of the neck at the end of the play. Not good at all.
BUY A GODDAM BOWTIE
The thirteenth colony...
SO! SAY! WE! ALL! ...so. Say. We all.
Why do they insist on driving on the damn sidewalk Or why are they always standing in doorways Or get out of my way, I'm coming off the subway, I am supposed to go first
Your ideas are a social construct Everything is meaningless
Hey, maybe Daniel Bryan can lose a title to Roman Reigns in five seconds at a Wrestlemania. That seemed to go over really well the last time it happened. EDIT: A letter
Because it's boring
Respect = Respect + 1 Honesty really is the best policy
TIFU by starting a land war in Asia
This is not to say that life is entirely meaningless, it is only to say that our lives only have the meaning which we prescribe to them; this is wholly liberating, as it puts us in control of our own purpose. It has, however, been said that freedom is terrifying.
All movements go too far. --Bertrand Russell (not a fictional child)
Nikola Tesla puts in a shocking performance tonight
Maybe you shouldn't have played Diablo 3 as much as you did.
Jesus Christ, man. Nobody wants to learn to ride. Calm down.
You're way too harsh in your interactions with everyone, and I largely consider you part of the reason the sub is so toxic this year. That said, I agree with you. Batumania was a bit much last year; simply mentioning the guy turned into a /popcorn fest. Let's all try to be better to each other, guys, even when we disagree. We're all here for the basketball.
The last time there was an obvious great idea to build towards at Mania, Daniel Bryan lost his title to Sheamus in ten seconds.
Yeah, man. I was there. I didn't let it keep me from sleeping at night, and it didn't make me bitter to the point that I took it upon myself to criticize the entire sub's English comprehension skills. This isn't Stalingrad. It's fantasy basketball. Try to chill.
HAAAAAAAAAAANDS UP We may be having a bloody rough season, but damn if we didn't just join the "We Beat GSW Club," the NBA's most exclusive club atm. Holy damn.
How dare you speak ill of Blandy Boreton?
The way his eyes go dead when you put a mic in front of him Like no one else on Earth
I miss Regicide from Civ3... your leader is represented as a unit. When that unit dies, you lose.
This is very true. My friend ended up in this situation, and she broke up with him because her chakras were off. Avoid ROS.
Any chance Ty may end up in BKN or PHX to help with injury woes at PG?
If you have Wall, you may not need Sloan...
There are not enough of these posts. Seriously, Crowder has keep me alive throughout the majority of my season. As far as ESPN's player rating metrics are concerned, he is second to only Kevin Durant on my roster in the Past 7 and Past 15. Thank you, based Jae.
Depends on your league, mate. Assists are hard to come by, so many people may not overinvest in it, preferring to take something that's a bit easier to win like FT%. He also didn't mention whether or not he had other PGs... even low-key guys like Teague can chip in enough assists to turn the tide in the right environment.
What if there's something in your city (hero, improvement, etc) that gives bonuses to anomalies? Do those still apply if there's a district on it?
I also have Dieng, Durant, Barton, and someone else (??) playing.. but yeah. Blocks are probably out.
Asking the important, relevant questions...
This sentiment can only be expressed in capslock.
I see you've not met SgtDowns before.
Chrono Trigger
"Rutabega" works well, too.
Fun fact: pro wrestling companies put mics under the mat to catch the slam noises when broadcasting live. The things people do for sound!
Come on. Just unpack the standards and teach them. :P
Three of my college professors with PhDs in Education required us to complete a fill in the blank exercise with sentences, verbatim, from our books. They called the exercise a 'comprehension' check. These people are teaching future teachers.
I don't always wish I had Reddit gold to hand out, but when I do it's because I've found the only person who is right about a specific thing. Thank you. Common Core is a list of goals. The purpose of it is to make sure that students in different districts learn how to do the same things so they don't repeat or miss vital skills if they move.
Had Covington and Crowder playing today. 10 3pm.. no mercy.
Sledge. 4k dps and +mov speed on a weapon is a beautiful thing.
*This is my first time posting on one of these threads, but I'm in dire need of some assistance as things are getting down to crunch time in my league. Any ideas you can give me would be wonderful.* **Current team:** Kevin Durant Kevin Love Jeff Teague Deandre Jordan Dwyane Wade Gorgui Dieng Jrue Holiday Robert Covington Will Barton Matt Barnes Kent Bazemore Jae Crowder Donald Sloan Patrick Beverley **Waiver Wire:** Joe Johnson Tyson Chandler Andre Iguodala Markieff Morris DeMarre Carroll Evan Turner Willie Cauley-Stein P.J. Tucker Jusuf Nurkic Josh Smith Mo Williams Luis Scola Bismack Biyombo John Henson Alex Len Norris Cole
Wish I had IR, but no. I've been drawn to Barnes since he began starting for Memphis because of his ability to grab 3s and stocks. Like a certain he-we-do-not-mention this year, who I ended up dropping earlier in the season. Honestly, I'm looking to refine things so that I can reliably win FG%, STLs, BLKs, or PTS against our league's #1 team this next week. It's not going to be easy, though...
This is going to depend on what's going on with Nance. Any reason he got DNP'd? Can anyone familiar with the situation chime in?
If you want to put all of your weight into those 5 cats, you may want to see about moving Monroe. To elaborate: You may want to see about moving Monroe for someone like Middleton, PG13, Lillard, Rondo, Butler. I'm not sure what Monroe's trade value is right now, but looking at Basketball Monster's rankings over the past 2 weeks, it looks like they're all roughly 3rd-round value in a 12-team league. Of course, YMMV. Edit: An elaboration
I'll call it Gibson for ROS. Surely Turner is going to win some admiration for his performance while Mahinmi is out, but Mahinmi will come back soon. It's hard to tell what adjustments the Pacers will make, but I'm not sure how much mileage the Myles train has left on it. Naysayers may say nay, however.
Well if we're going to mention Isaiah Thomas' single three, I may as well mention my Sloan, Durant, and... wth not.. Patrick Beverley for the 15 total. Because funsies.
Hold for now. Life in Philly changes constantly, so keep an eye on his status. You'll hear a lot of 'Don't Drop the Lord!' kind of stuff, but hype trains are rampant here. Honestly, I try to give players a consistent, steady stream of disappointing turnouts before I totally drop them. If you become weary of a player, bench 'em. Give 'em detention, a time out... but don't expel them quite yet, especially not for a streamer.
Damn, son. You would think people come here to ask questions and get help. Also, we do know fuckall about the league. It's a 10 team, H2H 8 cat. Read the flair maybe. Seriously, people don't need your shit, mate. This is /r/fantasybball, not /r/atheism. Let's try not to make this a toxic place. EDIT: A word
Wow, nice autodraft. First things first... You're going to either want to move Drummond, or anybody who has a good FT%. If you keep Drummond, you're basically kissing your chance of winning FT% goodbye. If you do that, you should check out [Basketball Monster's Player Rater](https://basketballmonster.com/PlayerRankings.aspx), which allows you to figure out a player's value based on the FT% 'punt' strategy. Winning turnovers may be hard with Mudiay on your team. Don't know about the others for sure... I would keep an eye on Knight and Favors. Once they return, they're both going to make an impact. They probably weren't autodrafted because they're injured. Never be shy to post a question here. These days, you're likely to get some pretty grating and obnoxious replies, but keep asking. We all love playing Fantasy Basketball and we all ultimately want to help each other.
So salt
My league doesn't trade at all. Frustrating for a 12 team 8 cat H2H, but I think it's better than people sending out a bunch of garbage offers. Ideally, though, we would have good and fair trade negotiations. So it goes.
My household has the same thing with Settlers of Catan. These are important traditions!
Old enough to know where my apostrophes go, mate. ♥♥♥
Today's headline on ESPN Fantasy: Is Demarcus Cousins Still a Top 10 Player? Boogie owners be riding past on their lollerskates.
This sub is growing increasingly hostile and it's getting to the point that someone needs to address it. Nobody knows everything, but if you had to guess what people knew by their attitudes alone, you'd have a bunch of oracles and psychics here. Humility. Everyone is wrong sometimes. It's okay.
In a 12-man as well. Constantly tempted to pick him up specifically for blocks.
Oh, we got some tonight. :D
Who on Earth helped the Knicks get to overtime against OKC?
Fact: downvotes are used to indicate that a post is not adding to the conversation. Fact: you misread the question, so your posts are not adding to the conversation.
Teague. If he or Schroder gets shipped, value should jump. Teague owners have been frustrated this year, at least a bit.
All hail Jae Bazeton!
Willie hungry. What happened? :/
Something tells me this would be more acceptable in a TX environment. T8 players are still working on getting to TX, so. Yes.
This is the best thing I've read all day.
Stairway to Kevin (Love/Durant)
Sure, but I'm kind of loathe to just let people do so. This sub is, or should be, about sharing information and helping one another.
That's a Hell of a bird.
Why would you buy a car in Seoul?
How do you know he laughed at you? Maybe he was laughing at something else. Maybe that's a part of his natural fan-greeting motion. You can't know that.
나도. There are buses and trains everywhere, and the traffic is atrocious.
May you be eternally blessed with good parking luck.
Jail time Oh lord, that's funny
ELI5- why does this sub love Weird Fishes so much?
That's just, like, your opinion. Man.
This was the hardest choice by far.
I know, I have no idea why people would even consider voting for Daydreaming.
They're bored with Thom Yorke's sadness.
Lucky Man O War We Suck Young Blood Life In A Glass House Videotape This will probably change every time I'm asked.
Then it's just like the game!
Wireless does even fewer favors for audio quality...
Downvotes aren't for disagreement. I swear, it's like some motherfuckers don't listen. Sex without consent is rape, and downvotes aren't for disagreement.
It's also fucking stupid. It's not professional, it's not classy, they look like stuck-up beach bums.
Sorry you were born privileged Must be so hard to read internet posts about stereotyping your people when all of effing society revolves around meeting your needs and protecting you
/r/fantasybball loves some Dray, but the salt is still real here. And for good reason.
헐... how did this happen?
Tried this. It worked surprisingly well for a time, until it suddenly stopped, and it turned out that it felt too chore-like for her. So we just stopped without talking about it. I think the big issue with couples in this situation is that of communication and cooperation.
Username checks out.
Hahaha yes! In that case, you can "J.R.!" for at least a few more years.
How dare you doubt the existence of Lord Robert Covington
Never engage a shitty excuse with logic unless you're looking to pick a fight.
All children are precious Including the punkasses in middle school Who may actually be the most fun to work with
AI and diplomacy needs to be fixed. A lot. I love the new features and gameplay of VI aside from those issues, though.
Lapdance by N.E.R.D. is about politics I guess I could see how some wires could get crossed Once Ever
Ex-GF is expressing her polywrath
/r/crusaderkings The leak needs to be handled Now
Ohio State got rekt tonight tho
On Reddit, killing time until it's time to go to sleep.
This is my favorite game
There's an asymmetrical Lord of the Rings 2 player game that uses Stratego's "hidden piece" mechanic very well. Anybody know the name of the game by chance?
Because everyone is watching TV and ignoring each other
Music taste Board game aptitude Unwillingness to give up, ever
Didn't smoke a single cigarette 4.0 in first term of grad school
Went to marriage counseling this year, had to stop in the middle of the year for all sorts of reasons. It helped a lot. I'd like to get back to it in 2017 as we're slipping back into old habits. It's important to internalize the process of therapy and be able to go through it on your own. We're not there, but hopefully this is something you can work on so you can get to the point of resolving things entirely on your own. Good luck. :D
Dat Boi was amazing, personally
Amazing! What part of Texas, and what grade level?
I feel the pain. This was most of my holiday break, honestly. I actually beat 2048. It took several hours, but I did it. Boredom will do crazy things to people.
Peep Show forever
Nothing I'm tired of having discussions with people who have no desire to gain anything but a sense of self-satisfaction from an exchange of ideas Y'all motherfuckers can just be wrong about things anymore
What do you think is a better study tool, handwritten messes of paper or easily searchable computer documents? Do you really think I'm going to keep my handwritten notes five years from now? I have my computer typed notes from five years ago, so...
Checking in from /r/fantasybball Would you take Kent Bazemore and Tony Allen for Galileo?
One of my professors in grad school tried to enforce a 'handwritten notes only' policy using science to justify it. It was less than great. Still a bit raw about it I suppose. With middle and high school students it makes a whole lot more sense.
740 hours in
I'm new to Rocket League, but it's obvious that this game is incredibly difficult and takes a long time to develop any amount of proficiency in. Well done on putting in the time and effort to grow your skills.
Gonna hatch so many Pokemans...
Slightly off topic, but what's your first language? How long have you been studying and using English? This is native level English. Strong use of idioms and collocation, everything...
This is why a Bachelor's is worthless in the job market
Aw yeah! America #1! It's only going to get worse :X
Degrassi taught me this Thanks, Drake!
The game could track number of shots taken by opposing teams / nearby cars, as well as shooting percentage of opposing teams / nearby cars.
Of course I have Whiteside and Boogie also, so the low pts doesn't hurt too bad..
"The emptiest cart rattles the loudest." -Korean proverb
OMG! Maybe make the same degree of effort in class
FIN / SPI is nothing to laugh about Mansa Musa forever
It's really easy to tell someone to stop worrying about race, color, sex, and social class as an employer and hiring manager.
Writing more, with some of it in caps, doesn't make you more right.
Have you familiarity with the word 'if'?
Social sciences tend to be qualitative as opposed to quantitative, which makes them appear less 'right' to the majority. However, they are sciences as well, just as valid. The only difference is in how the research is done. Source: have heard of sociology and linguistics
Go look up quantitative and qualitative research methods before you fucking speak on the matter again You can't just reply with 'no'
Example: how did reading of The Prince affect leaders in a small group setting as opposed to leaders who did not read The Prince? This uses the scientific method to identify a dependent and independent variable in an experiment which is entirely social in nature, and will require further tests among different groups to come to a conclusion either about those individual groups or society as a whole. Pardon the delay, but the social sciences aren't particularly easy..
Traffic in general. No, you can't turn left from the middle lane. Yes, the rule applies to you. Yes, it's dangerous to other people if you don't follow the rule.
Banking. It's all customer service and cash handling without the restocking.
Username checks out
'The Conquest of Happiness' by Brrtrand Russell is about this exact problem.
You have no idea what you're talking about. I would suggest quitting while you're not behind.
If I disagree with racism, then everyone I disagree with on the topic is racist I can't change that
This all works a lot better in a vacuum where people aren't being shot for being gay However, we don't live in such a vacuum
And murder them, right?
Even positive stereotypes (think academic prowess, ambitious, etc) are really harmful.
STING I WANT TO KIDNAP YOUR SON Or whatever. That's when I was done with TNA
Two out of three ain't bad
But hey, at least the UK doesn't have to To ??
Oh phew
Oh man, I HATE ass barbs... wait. Did you *hyphenate* sweet-ass? Damn it!
No we don't Stop watching Twitch in class
But there's kimchi jjigae
If over 50% is what I have to pay in taxes to actually see some benefit, so be it. As it stands now, we pay 35% and it goes to bombs.
Just like mental and stress factors are so heavily considered by employers now, right?
I just hit the 100 hour mark Bought the game on New Year's day
You can't measure the number of people who don't apply because of the system, though. It comes off as cheap and lazy.
Giving up implies a level of difficulty involved in the task I'm not giving up, I'm deciding that it's not worth my time or effort
You know employees have a choice where they work too, right? It cuts both ways.
You seem to have a problem with people who think that some work is beneath them. That's what you said. I call that 'choice,' when you decide you don't want to work somewhere. It's not 'entitlement,' it's a basic right.
I'll do it if the job is worth a damn. It's a bit much to ask for $8 an hour as a Best Buy associate though.
My question regarding sales jobs: what do you produce? Architects create buildings, teachers educate the youth, salespeople... what? How does sales benefit humanity?
The issue with populism is that there will always be a group of people who feel undervalued and taken advantage of to the point of hateful desperation. It's one thing to be in that position and be misled- it's a completely different thing to have the shamelessness to do the misleading.
Does history repeat itself, or does it rhyme?
China's saying some things about nukes these days Disliking U.S. policy, weapons, something rather..
*March! FTFY
I kind of get the feeling that there's a lack of fundamental understanding of economic, social, and diplomatic cause/effect in current U.S. leadership.
I haven't watched WWE in years. I was considering watching the Rumble because there's always something cool and surprising and... Not this time. I'm glad I didn't sink four hours into being disappointed.
The fire is extremism.. and all we're really doing is pissing it off.
What a save! What a save! What a save!
Remember that time you simultaneously killed and soul trapped a whole army with a single spell in Skyrim? NO BECAUSE THEY REMOVED IT Worst design decision ever..
Magic starts weak and ends up seeming OP at the end in a lot of RPGs... you have to bust your ass to get to that point.
Today, very smart people taught me that correlation is causation
The first one, literally meaning 'the next summer,' still holds true as Summer 2017 is the next summer to occur. English doesn't see things that way and, apparently, neither does Portuguese. XD
It pushes a false meritocracy narrative, that social mobility is available for everyone as long as they have the drive and ability to complete their education. Meanwhile, school funding is tied to property taxes of the surrounding area, creating a distinct disadvantage for schools in lower-income areas. There are also a lot of people who are rich for reasons that have nothing to do with education or intelligence: inheritance, fame, etc. The relationship is much more complicated than 'the poor are unintelligent,' which is how it was originally presented.
Alright, but the next question: Is the accrual of money the only way to quantify intelligence? Tesla died broke and alone. We get it in our heads that skill and intelligence equals money and vice versa, but that is not always (or even typically) the case.
I remember being in a focus group for this movie, and they were REALLY pushing the father / son angle... :X
Thank you. I'm perpetually negative and I'm trying to turn it around, so things like this are really nice to see. 😀
Covfefe - v. To feed a person or event with attention to the extent that one is distracted from a less showy but far more dangerous action. EX: People are covfeffing this typo incident while the withdrawal from the Paris Accord and rollback of contraceptive coverage are going on right under their noses.
Take it in stride and keep going. When you feel the urge to rage, try to pause and ask yourself if it will change anything. Communicating problems is a constructive form of complaint- pointing a problem out and trying to figure it out. Getting crappy with your team during / after the game is not constructive and, therefore, you shouldn't do it. However, people get frustrated. When you do, because you will, set it down and take a break.
What's funny is that the Overwatch community is helping me look at getting tilted in my everyday life, and trying harder to keep cool in all situations. This is the exact opposite of what I expected from buying this game.
It wasn't a hologram He just painted himself to look like a hologram
I'm surprised Mel B doesn't get to you like she seems to get to most people
DDT starts with a front headlock, then falls back Cutter starts with 3/4 face lock, then falls forward / down - it's closer to a neckbreaker than a DDT
Thank you The username was the joke ^_^
FROM THE GUTTER TO THE PENTHOUSE SELF HIGH FIVE In all honesty, what DDP is doing with rehabbing / DDP Yoga these days is really amazing.
I just finished my placements, I'm at 1140. I could use some experience, too. I'll send a friend request your way.
Went 1-9, ranked at 1190 SR, lost my first two games after placement, now at 1090. Trying to stay positive, but communication is next-to-extinct at Bronze, it seems like. People trickle, etc. I'm definitely not a good player mechanically, I just bought the game about a week and a half ago, but I get the general idea of team comp, strategy, etc. What are some general tips to help me deal with teams that have trouble communicating? Any help out there? ^_^
People are quicker to improve from critical analysis if they 1) do it themselves or 2) it's welcome critique from others. Not everyone will have an open mindset regarding learning, a lot of people will get on the defensive. Also, "you're doing awful" isn't going to help anyone improve and, in most cases, reflective players who are trying to improve can sense that they're doing awful. Communities like this one, dedicated to helping people improve their game, will go a lot further than "useless [character name]" comments at the end of the game.
I'm angry, but not surprised, to see this sort of thing happen. Even in 2017, gaming is still seen as a sort of "men's club" in a lot of ways. Keep playing, keep enjoying. Pair up with people who are friendly and try to ignore the assholes. Furthermore, though, tell people these stories. Make people aware of what's happening in the community so we can fight back against it. I know I won't hesitate to shut this sort of thing down when I come across it.
I would pay a bit more in taxes every year to help you afford commas...
I saved countless thousands on medicine in Korea during my two years teaching there. Wasn't even a citizen, STILL received government-sponsored health care. It was nice to live somewhere with a populace that didn't mind paying a bit more to live in a country with healthier and happier people.
I always wondered how corporate pollution became an individual accountability; is it not on the company to stop polluting?
Or live through the season I feel like there's a lesson to be learned there
What
Yeah Why are you so angry
The economy isn't going to do much for anyone if the entire planet is wrecked.
One of the greatest games ever made.
DUCK DUCK TURN
It absolutely counts.
Found Ron Artest
Close the browser.
I completely agree. The refs have lost control of the game.
I could SWEAR I saw Donald Trump mock a disabled reporter, but there's no proof, so I guess it never happened.
This is a good alternative to 'just fine another job,' especially since that isn't exactly the simplest of tasks these days. Fixing the system instead of putting a band-aid on things is the only real, responsible solution. Unfortunately, that takes a lot of work.
This is completely reasonable. It's actually pretty upsetting that it needs to be said in the first place. Be considerate of the people in your community.
Cheers, 'they' is ambiguous but I should've been able to derive from context.
This is right around when U.S. Conservatives went severely pear-shaped, is all I'm saying.
The victims and their dumb letters Total lack of empathy for the dead But hey, yeah, let's try to justify it, by all means
What field does he work in? Is he a pop music writer, is he working on classical, etc? Does he want to compose songs for radio, for games, for film? I would start looking for gigs specifically for games and indie film, possibly. People will look around for composers specifically for these things. Freelance sites like Upwork might help get a few gigs, and as he does more, his reputation will grow.
Playing Civ6 as we speak. Which of the games was your favorite? Which Civ is your favorite?
Banished. Super challenging builders are kind of my thing now.
The game... ends?
Just as North Korea is a bad example of a Democratic Republic...
Any chance of a severance? XD
Exactly this. A lot of people seem to think that the state of the economy gives employers a free pass because employees need the job. I'm glad to see a happy ending. Good on you.
This will come across as crazy and it'll probably be pretty unpopular, but: Respectfully stand up for yourself. Get your ducks in a row as best you can before things get bad, but I find it important as a person to remind employers that they're buying your work, effort, and skill. They're not buying your dignity because it's not for sale.
For real.
The intro to Kefka's theme is an excellent warm-up on piano. ♡♡
Nah, man. You're thinking of Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky.
Which chant, the one with the God damned airhorn?
You can't send just one Pen to score on the two people that are Pekka Rinne.
Empty net at 3:23 Lol
You are attractive and kind Have a lovely week :D
Refs A Pens 5-3 power play isn't going to do anything with 24.4 left on the clock
I meant as opposed to the Game 1 situation
Ah, Peter Forsberg. The good old days. Of course I watched hockey when the Avs came to town, but I stopped until I met my wife, who is from Nashville.
I hope the same is true of the S7. Have you had an Android system update recently?
한국말을 공부하는 좋아해 ^ _ ^
*[sam.bʌ.ra]
Yeah, one time I asked a cab driver in Korea to take me to Lotte Mart (like Walmart). He didn't understand a damn thing I said until I called it "Lotte Mah-teu." Gotta drop the r and get that extra vowel at the end, consonant clusters like [rt] aren't attested in the language.
Ah, so it's the tense ㄲ, not ㄱ. I usually make those double-consonant type sounds by smiling a bit (??), if that makes sense? English doesn't have things like that, so it's really hard to communicate how it works. https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Korean/Essential_Pronunciation_Rules#Plain.2C_aspirated.2C_and_tense
Good to know- I'm working on maining Zen, but I've had the game for a few weeks and I'm at 1097 SR. Anything will help. ^ _ ^
I paired up with someone who did a lot of these callouts in Comp today, and managed to score my second win of the season. :D
I really liked this video: https://youtu.be/Ie5446fSvcY I'm in mid-Bronze, so maybe don't listen to me too much, but that video helped me get set up so that a full span of my mouse across my gaming-sized mousepad is a 360, and it helps me get warmed up before going into games. Give it a look, see if it helps you.
What are my chances getting out of Bronze as Zen? Worse, I'm guessing? Should I even try? :P
Word. Looking over my stats, I'll probably need to improve accuracy. Thanks!
Yeah, I've been learning this one the hard way...
The IT Crowd - War on Stress https://youtu.be/elrV-oHeSjE
Miss Sasha, What are the three most important things elem teachers should consider when teaching math to upper elem (4-5) students?
Korea is not 'low pay.' You'll get roughly the same after tax and insurance deductions, and you won't have to pay rent. Cost of living is low too, I was able to save about $1,000 a month. Pension and severance at the end of your contract, too.
Hey, you wanna hear a good joke? Make work suck less; problem solved.
Now that you mention it, you do seem like a really happy person.
Meanwhile, hockey is still a sport.
The format of the typical NHL game, along with the size of a team, means that stars are spending a smaller fraction of the game actively playing. That has to make an impact, yeah?
So does Don Cherry always skate around obvious bullshit?
/r/testimonystreams
The solution is to take it for what it is, and to treat it as the unimportant thing it is. Easier said than done, obviously, but if you can't control it and you can't consistently avoid it, trying to shrug it off may be a valid strategy.
Thanks for taking the time to type up your insights. Tips like these are invaluable for beginners like me. ♡
There's a line, though. 5 DPS 1 Tank comps aren't helping anyone. Sometimes you just gotta heal.
I'm PC NA, somewhere between 990 - 1190 SR. Would you like to play sometime?
Can't they hire refs with object permanence, though?
Game 1 with the offside call and the 5-on-3 was pretty questionable, too. Game 5 and the no-call on Crosby, also questionable. Or maybe we're just bitter Avs fans, I don't know.
Fallout 5 confirmed
They let Cole stay after the 3-8 cross checks..
You'd be singing a different song if you were the one getting punched
Yeah, if we can buy our goal back.
THEY ARE NOT TOO HARD TO KILL IF YOU SELECT PHARAH EVEN BETTER IF MERCY POCKETS YOU
THIS GAME FEELS LIKE DAYCARE SOMETIMES LUCIO: REAPER SWITCH IT ISN'T WORKING REAPER: BUT I HAVE 5-1 K/D RATIO ME: Hey guys we're up 2-0 can we just drop it and play REAPER: I HAVE ALL THE MEDALS REAPER: I'M NOT SWITCHING YOU'RE DUMB LUCIO: GENJI PLEASE SWITCH REAPER (AFTER WE WIN): GUYS LUCIO TOLD ME TO SWITCH REAPER: I HAD THREE GOLD MEDALS AND 58 KILLS OMFG LUCIO IS AN IDIOT ME: Good job team we won yay REAPER: SALT SALT SALT
THERE IS CHAOS WITHIN YOU I'M NOT YOUR FATHER WIN THE GAEM
Ooof I guess it could always be worse
This is definitely a teachable moment: encourage your son to be himself and do what he wants. If people don't appreciate him for who he is, that's their loss. At the same time, though, it does suck that a community with so much in common generates so much negativity among its members. That's something we all need to reflect on as players.
At the end of the game, the only thing that really matters is the objective.
K
BE ONE WITH PHYSICS
This date has not been confirmed.
Someday people will understand that 4 &lt; 6. I feel for you, friend.
There has been a healthy amount of speculation regarding that particular leak.
And doing THIS? Hah.
Millenials are killing the VHS format Millenials are killing disco
People have this ugly idea of what poverty is supposed to look like, and they get pissed when surprised.
I respect and appreciate you and your faith. You have more allies out there than you realize, friend.
It seems like half of the people in teacher education think of 'teacher voice' as something authoritative and imposing, +P, as if to say 'I'm the boss and you have to listen.' Your take on it is refreshing, thank you. 😀
You can do damage all day and not make a difference
There is a scoreboard in Overwatch, and it shows the most important stat- rounds won.
Yeah, those are rumor-level information. It's really hard to use a strong modal like "will," implying absolute fact, when we have no idea.
I don't think this sort of comment is constructive, nor does it contribute to the conversation.
I like to watch Genji ult, discord him, then headshot him. This always catches Genji off guard, it seems.
There is chaos within you.
Socioconstructivists unite!
If the Earth had only four people with the IQs of 150, 150, 150, and 0, the average would be 112.5 and, thus, only one person would be below average intelligence. If you're going to be mean, at least be correct. :/
This model assumes that intelligence is easily quantifiable, and is also concrete and static.
This is a nice thing to hear; thank you for the positivity.
It's fun, and I don't care what other people think about it.
Cultural differences != 'cheating'
Screw it Do it
I'm from there. It's cool, but it is expensive. Housing costs have shot through the roof. I've been priced out- I miss it, but there are a lot of things I dislike about it as someone who was raised there. Still, if you have the means and a plan and a way to find a life there, go for it!
I'm 33. I'm at 1190 SR season high. I'm still playing because mechanical skill acquisition and situational awareness development are processes that occur as you play. The only way you won't get any better is if you uninstall.
Uh, I STILL sing the legends of you and your burnination. After all these years. So I don't wanna hear it.
Tell that to the infamous House Smeckeldorf of Northeastern Austria. During the days of the crusades, this family managed to double their land through shrewd diplomacy and trickery.
Syntactic ambiguity! Derive meaning from context in this situation.
Cheers, linguist friend.
Please don't say things like this with such certainty unless you have a source.
It's a rural, isn't it? I... rurr.
Intent hardly matters here.
The Educator track is cool and fulfilling, but the guild leaders know nothing about the class while still trying to tell you how to play it. In fact, most people will tell you you're playing the class wrong. The cool thing, though, is the co-op nature of the classroom levels. It's a great way to help other players and build a community of learning within the game.
I don't know It's Natu bad
I'm seeing a lot more speculation and rumor presented as fact. Remember, if you don't know for 100% sure, start the statement with "I think" or something like it. Language like "Niantic will" makes people think it's a for-sure thing. We want to keep things accurate on the Road. 😀
Doesn't look like it works for Pokemon moves.
"There are things in the promotional image" shouldn't be a source for more than a 'that's mildly interesting' sort of reaction in the first place. Hard evidence like APK changes, official sources, or RESEARCH is what this sub has been about to me.
Remember when Mega Man X taught players the controls through problem-solving instead of hand-holding? SNES remembers.
There is one cooperative element that still has aspects of competition to it. The rest of the gym system revolves around competition between teams.
Ah yeah, okay. So, $5 to the park and back? It seems reasonable for public transit, depending on distance. To contrast, Denver's Light Rail charges 3.50 - 5.00 one way. It's a good point, though- transport is a financial consideration.
Aw yiss Hold the fort, pink cuteness fluff!
So how confident are you that this is the real reason for implementing cheat detection? It MIGHT be why, as you mentioned with 'implications,' but that title makes it sound like you have the authority to declare that this is fact and not just speculation.
False. Holding a gym that hosts a raid gives team bonuses. The longer a Pokemon stays in a gym, the more coins it brings back.
Where'd you hear this?
Ugh, that sounds really nice. I spent a week between Kobe and Osaka. Not enough time.
Randy sent me some Alphabeavers, probably damn well knowing that my pantry was getting too full. What a jerk.
Beats a textbook! I was thinking about switching to Korean just to play with it, but Rimworld is pretty text-intensive and, unless your Chinese skills / Rimworld memorization is high, it might be more frustrating than it's worth. Something like Overwatch, with less reliance on language for gameplay, would be a better source for language acquisition.
Those were amazing games. Thanks for the memories, sim / management friend.
Not often. Human leather, though...
What are the Lakers thinking, btw? Better or worse than what the Hawks have planned? See, I'm a Denver fan. This time of year is always quiet for us..
Yeah! Cool!
You'll be able to spin gyms for items, though.
Level 16 Ingress agents can submit new portals, which translate to Pokestops / gyms. You know what you must do.
This was mentioned in the latest data mine- legendaries and raids appear to be connected in some way.
Username checks out...
The footprint tracker created an obscene amount of server load. If you want the old login headaches back, this is a great way to get them.
Egg trees have that DPS, is why.
That's Brazil specific- U.S. requirement is 16.
Pokemon gotta sleep too
Then why do you suppose it hasn't been implemented?
Every game has tried to be Tetris. We call this the Kirby's Avalanche Theorum.
This guy hacks portals
In a country less obsessed with litigation and shifting blame, yeah.
I don't think it's fair to blame Niantic for being a little cautious in a crazy legal environment.
1 geodude 2 pidgeys
This is one area I know I really need to work on as Zen. It's important to note.
...lots. You can get to L8 on XP alone, but after that you need badges. The game is cool and it's worth a look.
Huh, maybe it counts defensive battles also?
My take: Let's see how it feels tomorrow after people have neglected to feed their Pokemon.
Yeah, I was lucky to have $20 at the age of 12.
It sounds like we are actually done with this- OP's experience sounds like a false flag.
There has been way too much negativity here for a feature that hasn't been live for even 24 hours yet. The new gym system is **different** and will require a **different** approach. I know it's tough, but don't let these people get to you. TSR is meant to be a positive community about sharing information, not one full of cynicism and complaining. Be the light; this post is a really great start. Hope to hear more from you in the future, /u/arac3662!
&gt; currently under attack This means that there has been some sort of gym battle / transaction in the past 10 minutes, and not necessarily a spoofer. This typically occurs when a gym changes ownership; read around the sub a bit more for more, better-detailed explanation.
The change has only been live for 21 hours.
They're still relevant as attackers. And honestly, all three of those, Rhydon, Gyarados, and Dragonite, have double weaknesses- they're pretty pitiful defenders with the changes to type effectiveness anyway.
YEAH COOL I just noticed that Premium Raid Pass was available for me in the shop, and that the text on the Raid tab had changes. Cheers to /u/armando_rod for beating me to it!
At the same time, people have no idea what they're talking about and are overly reactionary.
If you had two Pokemon that in gyms for an entire day, that's 48. It's far from impossible.
Yeah, somewhere in between would be great- 1 coin per 10 min for the first X hours, then have diminishing returns for coins after that.
I think people overreacted, quickly and harshly, without giving it time to see what it was going to be like. Changes like this can have intended and unintended consequences, and it really felt like people were too quick to decide that they absolutely hated it.
Support. I got 48 coins from two Pokemon that I'd placed yesterday, before the new 1 coin / 10 min change rolled out. That was great. It was more than I would've received from the old system, and I still felt like I earned it. With the new change, I barely have to do anything to hit the 50 coin cap; any extra effort I put into it doesn't pay out, it just keeps my Pokemon out of my inventory.
Why is the gym cap 20 at a time when holding even one for more than 8 hours has no benefit? If they don't want us to hold down multiple gyms, they should lower the gym cap, not the coin cap.
Yeah, berry use is actually detrimental now, unless you're at the gym plonking them down to keep your Pokemon in for the time required to hit the coin cap.
This is going to be such a trainwreck.
Wonder how everybody else feels about this rn
David Allen's tome of skill entitled "Getting Things Done" gives boosts to resource management. I would suggest taking a look at this guide to get your character build in order.
I did get a Charge TM from an L3 Machamp raid.
Massive income disparity Education funding being tied to property taxes of an area, tying educational funding to said income disparity
Imagine if you had five targets for the enemy to fire on at the same time Hell, imagine if one or two of them were designed specifically to handle focus fire so you can do your job as a damage dealer Like a team, or something
Accidentally Twice Choose one
Equip Wood
Candy drops seem to be intended as a bonus for feeding berries, not as the prime motivation. Players need a primary reason to keep gyms, to motivate them to hand berries out and receive candies occasionally as a bonus.
Be skeptical that anything is certain until there's proof and consensus. ^_^
You get coins based on when the gym is taken, not based on when you open the game.
I lost a copy during one of those generic 'lend a thing to a friend' subquests, then got a new copy from someone else on the same sort of quest... but that copy is currently unavailable due to another damn lending subquest. Why do I keep accepting those?
It depends on the meme, context, dialect for native speakers. It depends on aptitude, performance, L1... There are way too many moving parts to make any broad assertions on this aside from 'one is done on purpose and the other isn't,' but that isn't what you're looking for.
Damn. Is your friend Noel Gallagher?
I wish Choke had been nearly as good. The casting was great, though.
She also alienated a lot of her base...
I think you're right about not putting Blisseys in gyms in order to make them easier to take down, but that's really depressing for a number of reasons. I mean, first of all, I've walked plenty of KMs to get a Blissey in the first place, then to power it up. Secondly, we're looking at a gym system that dissuades players from using strong defenders in lower-turnover gym environments. This remains a good tip for the moment, though.
This is also true in Korea, but less so than it was 5-10 years ago.
Funny, I was just thinking about how great a tool like this would be. I'm interested in seeing how this works!
Cool! My wife and I play Overwatch together, too. To be honest, buying the game was her idea... XD Which characters do you play?
Sure, but let's say specifically Whites in South Africa. ♡
How is this a challenge? Even a loaf of bread goes bad faster than one person can reasonably eat it.
Your aunt needs to be introduced to Shinobi for the NES
I'm excited to graduate with a double Masters this summer, and get into 150% WORK MODE in fall. I have no idea where I'll end up, but possible destinations include Denver, Nashville, San Antonio, Ulan Bataar, Seoul, Tokyo... it's gonna be a glorious year.
A night with salmon sashimi can't be that bad, can it?
Being alone is not the same as being lonely. Whatever you decided on, being alone or with friends, I'm sure you were in good company. 😀
We don't need luck, we're the nicest community on Reddit! ♡ Happy New Year, everybody. May you make the absolute best of it.
I have family in Germany that used to send them by the box every month or two, when I was growing up. What a wonderful life it's been so far. 😀
Applying laser-like focus to a handful of personal goals. Anything from making more music to working out and getting healthy.
You are you, and that is more than enough in and of itself. The right person will love, respect, and appreciate that.
I would move back to Seoul in a heartbeat. If you're interested in teaching English there for a year, you can save a lot of money and it's a life-changing experience. Osaka and Berlin are on my list, too. I don't know about moving around in the U.S., mostly because it's so damn hard to find work and everything is so damn expensive! If you can find work Stateside that'll pay a decent wage after you graduate, go with that. CO is cool, but the housing market and rent prices are insane right now.
We do really appreciate this. When you're a woodworker, you clearly see the end result of your labor. When you're a teacher, you might not see the value of your work until 5-10 years down the line. Yes. Please appreciate your teachers. ♡
All said, you're probably in a better position than your ex-friend or the guy. Salmon sashimi is a good, reliable, comfortable source of contentment whereas this guy may feel really awkward around your ex-friend and not know how to handle it, or maybe one of them got really drunk and vomited on the other... If your imagination is going to screw with you, at least go both ways with it. 😉
This applies to phones and computers. ^_^
Just jump into the deep water, friend. 😀
The positive side of all of this? You're now fully in control of your destiny. It's all you! Focus on your goals, work hard, and do what you need to do to get where you want to be. Honestly, marriage can make it hard to keep one's personal aspirations in mind..
DO IT ALL! Building a computer isn't that tough if you have patience and you can follow directions. YouTube is great for your first build. How long have you been playing piano, and what kind of music do you enjoy playing? I'm a former smoker as well- how long had you been smoking for, and how did you quit?
I want to be a warmer, more nurturing and positive presence in the lives of my friends and family, as well as the people I interact with on the internet. Things like what you're doing right now are inspirational in that regard. 😀
You would be surprised what a difference dropping sugary drinks makes. It's tough, but you can do it!!
Feel free to contribute your own list, friend.
Nice list! Power Grid is a great auction game as well.
Always upvote that Mad King flair
99 Thank you 😀😀😀
What do you play? 😀
Ooh, PUBG. I want it, but I heard some negative things about bans and hacks- any experience with any of that so far? Hopefully not. Rocket League is legit. I'm garbage at it, but it's still a lot of fun. I know a lot of people on this sub hate on Overwatch because it doesn't support true 21:9, but it's still a lot of fun (and it may still be half off right now). It's my main shooter, the rest of my games are largely strategy games and builders, and those utilize the 21:9 nicely.
Meanwhile, South Korea is holding reunification talks on the 9th.
I like you. What are some good resources to get started?
Hey, today's my birthday too! Happy birthday, birthday buddy! This is always tough. A lot of my friends, historically, have been partied out on my birthday. And it's so soon after Christmas, the dreaded Christmas / Birthday gifts are quite common. But hang in there, birthday buddy! It's not an easy life being born on 1/2, but it is a good life.
Go to South Korea. Source: have spent three years in South Korea, which has technically been 'at war' with North Korea this whole time. It's fine. The news makes things sound much worse than they actually are and, in fact, NK and SK are having diplomatic talks later this month.
Even the laws in place are often flouted by employers and, due to cultural practices, are rarely pressed.
울지마 칭구
Perfect example :)
Needs more salt
"Nietzsche was abnormal and stupid." - Leo Tolstoy
Just because your comment was unpopular doesn't make it wrong. I've always understood this particular language change to come from a place of sarcasm, but it's not delivered with a sarcastic tone anymore. Who knows. Maybe when people look back on our version of English in 200 years, they'll be able to identify it.
This shouldn't be two separate sentences.
The dictionary reports the rules that people have already made 😀
You what? I don't recognize that word.
This is a perfectly reasonable explanation And you didn't even have to throw your laptop like OP
Just remember They aren't
Do double negatives cause you the same amount of cognitive dissonance? What about idioms? You understand that "kick the bucket" means "die," right? And not the literal act of kicking a bucket?
These locks have been around in Korea for roughly a decade, if not more. Korean models have 9 volt battery terminals on the front so, if the batteries in the lock die, you can go but a 9v and use it to power the lock up for long enough to unlock it with your passcode.
A lovely quote discourse. Have a good day, fellow Redditor!
There's a lovely temple in my hometown, which is probably why I'm here and interesting in meditation in the first place. Wish I had this where I am now, but I can always look for a group. 😀
Not gonna put my kid gloves on to deal with grown ass men, sorry.
Did we not see this sort of thing coming, and does it not fit the locker room history of this franchise perfectly?
Thanks for asking this, I was getting a little discouraged myself. But it makes sense. It is almost 3am, after all.
Factorio?
You complain, but at least it wasn't the Beacon.
THANK YOU. My one-word response to OP was going to be"...when?" So this really helps to clarify: when is there downtime to check the kill feed, but enough going on for things to pop up on the kill feed?
Just exceeded 1500 ranking points after a win Level up screen told me I moved from Silver to Ultra Bronze Now have roughly 1100 ranking points EDIT: Fixed upon restarting the app
Hey, awesome person! I'm an ESL professional and I wouldn't mind a few questions in my inbox. Feel free to forward this person to me if they have any technical grammar questions. 😀
And are we willing to attribute the obesity and diabetes epidemic to personal choice or to sociocultural side effects of capitalism such as the wide availability of processed food?
Or they'll just talk about your profile picture.
At what point is social science included in that group, though? At what point can we downvote assertions that have been widely dismantled by the social sciences?
Oh wow. Can your son coach me?
Watching FLA / SEO now- why do they play a 4th map if Seoul has already won the first three? The series should be over at this point.
Redrafting current players? No. Drafting players who are newly eligible to participate in the next season of OWL (like Fl0wer)? Yes.
They also have the Contenders feeder league... top players from Contenders as well as players who have turned 18 should be eligible for a draft.
It's you
Shut Reddit down for the year, we found the best post of 2018
Left-click is your close range attack, right-click is mid-range. I always left-click, but sometimes you're gonna need to throw a melee attack in there for good measure.
Or currency for new items
I used to feel things once, too.
Why did you mention astrology?
고자예요...
Do you think women want to play enough to get to the pro level in games with players constantly sexually harassing / demeaning women? Think about it- why aren't there any women at the pro level?
When we pronounce it the way we do, we're pronouncing it with a different accent...
Nobody ever tells me that I need to fuck them, though, and I think that probably does have something to do with gender.
"Are you a female?" "I'm a woman..." "You should be on my dick." Men don't have to deal with that at the very beginning of a match.
From the article this thread is about, JIC you didn't read it: "Playing on hard mode Furthermore, girls who do pick up and engage with typical competitive games are often dissuaded from pursuing them seriously or long-term because sexist behavior is rampant in gaming communities. Everything from the hero a woman picks to the mistakes a woman makes in-game is attributed to her gender. It is a bad look, to say the least, when girls do not feel comfortable speaking in voice chat because they know the sort of response and criticism that will arise from doing so. Pokimane, a League of Legends player and streamer, was recently threatened with rape during a match. If an immensely popular personality and skilled player can be treated that way in-game, then imagine the response the average girl player receives. Gaming at its core is for fun; that is where every pro’s passion began. However, girls simply do not have the luxury of playing online games for fun without first resigning themselves to the caveat of normalized sexism. As it becomes even less acceptable to behave this way in-game, more girls and women will feel comfortable competing; being active in the community; interacting with their teammates; and, building the sort of skills and connections that are necessary to become a pro."
Japan isn't included in MLB
The sentence you are looking for is "What if it didn't create too many false positives." The convention "wait for it" is sometimes inserted between parts of a sentence. Not a claim in the first place😃
OWL viewership
You can hook a charging Rein
Who is Paul Logan
A lot of people would probably advise you to simply stay where you are regarding DPI and sens... you're going to have to relearn a lot.
Most console comp players are going to be unreasonable, free access to patch notes or no
Flair checks out
Get a tank to throw a shield down for you as you rez It's like teamwork, or something
I did this accidentally as Winston in Mystery Heroes once and now it's something I try to keep in mind. Sorry if I somehow offended you.
Take a second and look at your comments posted in this thread. Reflect on whether you feel good about making them or not. Are you being helpful and acting in the spirit of the sub? I don't think you are, personally.
I'm tired of people being unfriendly, elitist, and all the rest on this subreddit. Good job, you're good at Pokemon. Don't bring your negativity here.
Too bad. Thanks for letting us know!
DEMS WHY ARE YOU RUNNING DOWN THE CLOCK WE'RE LOSING
Lol at all of these "OH THE USA WOULD RIOT" comments
Nobody would do anything..
Oh right, and nobody tried to obstruct him or anything. I suppose racism is over too, yeah?
Brazil went crazy over increased bus fare We barely protest 1500 children going missing
The deep south is painted as a place full of uneducated and, therefore, culturally worthless people in a lot of media. I understand it. I don't agree with the faith or the politics out there, but I get it. Small town America is dying in favor of the cities, but we would still be thoroughly fucked without the agriculture (and trucking, omg the trucking) we get from rural areas. The rural south tends to run on self-sufficiency, too- make your own, take care of yourself. It's pretty at-odds with city life. What I wish was still a thing is local business culture- for all of the anti-city sentiment, people do still seem to love their God damned Wal-Marts. I don't know. The south is an interesting conundrum.
Which is funny because you're scolding OP far more than OP ever scolded anyone...
Oh, wow, amazing judgement. Sounds like something you can productively discuss to great length. "It sounds bad." Great! Anything else to add? No, because there's nothing you could possibly support your idea with. A bunch of people saying "this sounds bad" is pretty circle-jerky.
Fucking Dubs fans love Dray tho YOU WOULD WANT HIM ON YOUR TEAM Actually no, I don't want my team to ever stoop to his brand of bullshit.
It would be a shame if you didn't give another player space to land and they ended up hurting their ankle on the way down
What a lovely BASKETBALL SUBREDDIT Why don't you chill the fuck out, perhaps while reading the sidebar?
You could just keep playing 2k18 tho
How is this advice? It's barely an animal. 2/10 has animal
Thank you for sharing this piece of your life with us. ♡
How linguistics does work: People pronounce it GIF with a hard g, so it's pronounced GIF with a hard g.
This is my new favorite thing.
Those who can't buy their way to the benefits of living in the USA are dangerously close to the third world, if not directly living in it.
First read it as "I don't care whether or not it's fucked up." Read it again to make sure I had it right; different words, but same meaning.
We don't believe in proving things anymore.
This isn't cynical or snarky enough to be too comment What is happening to this sub
Can we get past right and wrong for a second? Man, fuck this sub. Should be called r/askredditbutrefusetolisten
r/AskReddit would be 10x better if it were invisible Good thing there's a button for that
The call here is "there is an orb on the monkey who is on the point, please focus the monkey on the point." I found that using a quick three word call of &lt;action&gt;&lt;target&gt;&lt;location&gt; tends to get the point across when there's context / players can see what's happening. 😀
Go watch football instead
Avoid as teammate
Perhaps the businesses unwilling to 'take the risk' may be the problem.
Should we risk losing food production to continue a system which clearly reinforces wealth disparity? What work does the owner do? Why does that work deserve more of a wage than what the migrant workers do? Why are you more worried about the exploiter than the exploited? We need migrant workers- without them, the food supply shuts off.
Is Venezuela the only or most faithful example, or is this a fallacy by omission? I mean, whatever. The free market can't produce food without chattel slavery, but you're going to drink its Kool-aid anyway. I don't care, you're not my job.
