You can verify his Judo rank or lack thereof in about 15 minutes. Judo is REALLY REALLY strict about keeping records of who has what black belt rank.
Step 1. Actually train BJJ. Step 2. Participate in the subreddit community in a meaningful way via discussion. Step 3. Write stuff that is applicable and accessible to the community you are posting it to. You violate pretty much all of those. You don't train BJJ, you don't participate in the community, and your post itself was poorly written and kind of crappy.
If your post were written better maybe that would have come across.
Yup. That's the most straightforward way to lose weight.
www.joshjitsu.info It's primarily focused on BJJ and BJJ related training philosophy. Some of the articles can be more widely applicable, like http://www.joshjitsu.info/2011/11/circles-pyramids-shotguns-and-lasers.html but most of them would only be interesting if you are training in grappling of some kind.
Pretty much. He's able to get the bow and arrow, so never has to transition to the back. Imagine not being able to get that grip, so instead of finishing with the bow and arrow right there you have to hug them instead and take the back. I do like his pressure on the collar like that, I'm going to have to try that setup.
Everyone had BETTER be washing it regularly in this subreddit.
Same stuff I use. Works great.
Um, Cobrinha always has been and always will be my #1.
Sure, but mount is worth as much as it is primarily because it's a dominant striking position. Your submission options are actually a lot lower from mount than from side control because of the angles you have to work with. So awarding 2 points for the lift seems a reasonable compromise and a way to encourage good behavior like blocking the lift or releasing.
Video views aren't even peripherally related to this topic. Kimbo Slice has more views than Rodolfo, doesn't make him a more respected or admired fighter. Your anecdote is not evidence. You can say you feel that way, you can say that people you know feel that way, but you can't use that to make a sweeping generalization about the community view.
&gt; but the biggest problem would be that your opponent would have to be wearing something you could easily grip that wouldn't rip or come off This isn't true. Using your feet to pressure the biceps even without any grip allows for a pretty effective defensive guard, especially against the untrained. And a solid wrist grip without sleeves lets you do almost all of the same spider guard technique if you want to. However spider guard is used in self defense to slam upkicks into your opponents face, not do anything fancy. You just post on their biceps, then kick them in the face, then return to posting.
/u/rand486, king of the internet, comes through again.
I appreciate the concept behind that, but the setup for that guys leg lasso made me cringe. I don't think I would ever go to the leg lasso until I cleared that trapped leg. Otherwise you lose a lot of your control and ability to sweep, and set yourself up for things like this kneebar. I suppose it's good to know this in case someone fucks up and lets you trap that leg and still throws the lasso on.
We're bigger than /r/martialarts and more active, strangely enough.
You don't have the upper body extension that you get with a spider hook, which means your opponent can pin your bottom leg, clear the lasso, and continue to pass. You should use the spider hook until you clear the leg. RDLR + Lasso is not a place I would want to be. I'm sure there are some people that play that position really well, but it's a lot of risk for little reward in my opinion and I would rather play elsewhere.
Reduce your volume, increase your weight. Replace all of your isolation work with plyometrics. Keep the big compound lifts. Lat raises, cable crunches, curls, facepulls, tricep pulldowns, those can all go out the window. Drop your reps from 5/5/amrap to 5/3/1 where that last rep is 90% of your 1rm.
Switch for a couple of months, see what the change does for you, how you feel and how the workload feels. Then once you have adjusted to the heavier weights, if you are starting to lose the hypertrophy that you want then pick up the isolation work again until you hit the balance you are looking for. You are unlikely to lose a lot of your definition while you are still lifting because it's not as if those muscles aren't getting worked pretty hard. You might be slightly less swole at the end of the day, but you'll be a hell of a lot stronger.
Sure, if it's a violation of german law the way he's doing it then that's on him to deal with. But it's also a normal and common practice for all MTG players beyond the most casual. I don't know if that will make a difference to the german courts or not.
This is one of the times when I recommend a break from BJJ For about 3 weeks, then start weight lifting. Squats will fix your knees if done properly.
How come the only thing I remember from reading these books is my favorite characters getting murdered every 20 pages, while the TV show seems to have them raging across the landscape in invincible fashion?
OK, I watched the video twice more and I didn't see a single instance of an active RDLR hook. The bottom guys leg is pinned, it's not active. He can't use it to do anything. This technique is Dillon stepping around a weak hook unopposed in order to hit a kneebar. If the bottom guy had a spider guard hook and was pressuring up so that he could free that bottom leg and use it as an active RDLR hook then that kneebar option becomes a hell of a lot more difficult because you don't get a free step over. This whole technique relies on your opponent choosing to go to the lasso without an active hook.
Someone reaches out to shake hands and you establish the dominant sleeve grip and start reaching for the collar.
What crash? I haven't had a post caffeine crash since 1999 when I stopped taking caffeine pills. I was up to 3000mg a day of caffeine at that point, which will make you hallucinate just FYI. I drink coffee up until like 2 hours before I go to bed....
Apply steady force in the direction that they are weak in. No need for bursts generally speaking.
I've seen 4 year olds doing well in the kids classes. Wrestling/Grappling is a very natural behavior for kids and it's easy for them to understand the idea of it. A gym with a good kids class should be a great place for your kids at the 4 year old mark and up. 3 might be a bit young for it still.
Consider it a magic trick. I can still do pushups on just my thumbs. It would take me a bit to get the hang of doing a single thumb again, but it doesn't do anything for you beyond look cool.
No, but I did have one of the Serendib Efreet's that is the green card with the blue mana symbol. I actually was able to hunt one down when I started playing again and pick it up as a bulk rare. It has a place of honor in my binder just to remind me of the good old days.
Depends on how much pressure you are putting on the arm and how resistant someone is to pain. If you are hyped up on adrenaline and concentrating on fishing a knife out of your pocket then you might not even notice that your elbow got torn apart until well after you have stabbed a dude to death. Adrenaline is a crazy thing. That's one reason why I don't rely on joint attacks if shit has gotten super real. If one presents itself I'll hit it and transition away since damaging an attacker is generally helpful, but my goal is never to hit that armbar. My goal is to get to mount or knee on belly where I have full control and full view of my opponent. then if they start digging in their pocket I can take control of that limb and stop them from getting whatever they are going after. I can also keep an eye out for additional people who might be coming to kick my head in, and I can strike or disengage as needed.
The is if you are unaware that someone has a knife, and you have already engaged them. There are ways to correctly control a person to prevent them from deploying a weapon. You should use those. The person in our example video did not.
It's because it's a staged video from a Ninjitsu school. The knife is fake, the blood is fake. That's also why the armbar looks like first day whitebelt shit done by someone who has had an armbar described to them, but is trying it for the first time.
I can think of a few people who would have a problem REALLY cranking on an armbar, even in a situation where their life might be on the line simply because they are the kind of person that just really doesn't want to hurt someone unless they absolutely have to. It takes a certain amount of will power to follow through on something that you KNOW is going to fuck someones joints up that bad.
To combat the wispy stuff I pull my hair up in a topknot like that and then get my wife to shave that under layer of hair off. It cuts down on the heat and eliminates the wispy stuff without sacrificing my glorious flowing locks.
Hey JiuJiu! I haven't seen you post in a while! Welcome back to the party!
"An armbar" is not spiderweb. There are control positions which can also allow you to armbar someone, but the armbar itself is not the control position.
&gt; it forces you to stay still Ahh, here's your problem, you're shitty at grappling.
Adrenaline is a hell of a thing. There is a real precedence for people getting their arms seriously fucked up and not even realizing it until hours later. So you shouldn't ever 100% rely on pain to incapacitate an opponent. If you get a chance to break a limb you break it and you keep going and use that to facilitate the choke that is going to make sure the person is no longer a threat.
You guys are always so obsessed about the idea that some random other dude is going to come out of the shadow and kick your skull in, yet the VAST majority of evidence indicates nothing of the sort. Should you be aware? Yes. Should you shape your entire repertoire around that possibility? No. I can choke someone unconscious while watching for additional threats and if need be using that person as a human shield.
No-Gi ezekiel. Force created by wrapping your fingers over your forearm.
No, Grapplemania in July. We're going on vacation to Florida the week before Richmond, so I won't be able to double up the trips.
You learn an enormous amount in your first few months of BJJ, but you are generally expected to roll very early on. The curriculum is going to vary from gym to gym. MOST will have some kind beginner instruction that lasts for a few classes to get you familiar with the ideas of BJJ, but after that you learn with everyone else.
Ok, I am giving WAY too much thought to that $350 level...
Yeah, my wife and I play a lot of Skyrim and Fallout, which has a TON of customization. I still fire up some of the early final fantasies on emulators sometimes.
Any thoughts given to continual expansion of the game world, additional ongoing challenges, etc... or is it more likely to be a one and done kind of project with no future expansion after the release?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, not sure I can get a 350$ expenditure approved by my finance department on the sole grounds that it appeals to my sense of vanity. Edit: However, I do have the perfect picture in mind... I'll put on all of my medals at the same time and take a truly obnoxious picture.
Only on the weekends ;).
I Didn't realize physically assaulting someone and drawing a firearm was the correct action towards a disobedient teenager...
Sityodtong is one of the best Muay Thai gyms in the country. If you can train there do it. Boston Muay Thai also has a pretty damn good Thai instructor. Your options are fantastic.
You do suck at every aspect of jiujitsu. You're a whitebelt. You're supposed to suck. Blue belts also generally still suck. So do purple belts. Brown belts are starting to kind of get the hang of it. Most black belts are pretty ok. BJJ has such a depth of potential expertise that you are going to be awful at it for a VERY long time if you compare yourself to other people. Worry only about whether the you from today is better than the you from six months ago.
Which is why I work very hard to be mindful of what I'm getting out of every minute I'm in the gym. I drill without screwing around. I roll with focus on developing a specific part of my game each time. I try to wring every bit of benefit out of each class. Because of that over the last 12 months I've not only caught up to where I was before my 8 month layoff, but surpassed that and now find myself rolling competitively with brown belts that were clowning on me 8 months ago. Training with focus is super important.
If you want to build strength then strength train. Join a power lifting group and do competitive weight lifting. It's fun and it will make you super strong. If you want to learn to fight then MMA is the way to go. If you just want to kick and punch then Muay Thai is the best option. If you want crazy acrobatic kicking and punching then Capoeira is a lot of fun.
I didn't include my lifting time. about 2 hours a week of lifting.
The only thing about this is that it's a huge pain in the ass to put the bun on the top compared to the back. I've done it this way for tournaments when I'm extra concerned about guillotine escapes and stuff, but I usually just leave it on the back for casual training.
$100 is the lowest I'll generally see for MT only, 2 days per week only, in Atlanta. Kind of the budget plan. Unlimited training is indeed going to be $150 or more.
Smaller people who are your rank or lower, don't hit them constantly. Hit one, maybe two, then work on something else. If you regularly get the same people with wristlocks then spend some time showing them how to defend. Folks your same size and rank, or who are upper belts, go for wristlocks all day long.
Well, since you're at HCG there is no hope. Those guys D'arce like it's a fucking religion. :) I assume you are mostly getting d'arced when in halfguard bottom and you are trying to roll up for an old school sweep or something like that? The key point there is to keep your head glued to your arm as you dive under. If you can't get all the way under then you have to back out, straighten your posture, and keep your head away from your opponent. Every time someone starts to wrap your head you need to posture out of it. Don't think you can fight through it. Just immediately bail back out to a longer range guard. If you are getting d'arced from other positions like turtle then you need to be defending the position more actively to avoid letting them set it up.
People say that, but I feel absolutely nothing when people do it to me.
I keep mine in the form of my blog. It varies from very technique focused to philosophy focused to motivation focused to just saying, "Yes, I made it to the gym today." Mostly it helps me to be able to look back and see WTF I was working on a few months ago and see how I've maintained focus and what improvements I've made. Sometimes I go back and read something and it reminds me of a technique or sequence that I worked on and then abandoned that I will then go back to and have a lot of success with.
It happens in very high level competition more than local stuff, but I still see 1-2 semi serious limb injuries per tournament. Very famously recently a female competitor had her arm badly broken during the match and finished out the last 45 seconds or so in obvious excruciating pain.
I need to get some folks together and demo how this is done. Everyone seems to totally not understand that getting back to your feet is a technical action that is a practiced skill.
Whenever ANYONE starts talking shit about knife defense I pull out the ol' red sharpie marker and turn them into a fucking whiteboard then ask them to start from the beginning telling me how they would catch my arm and do whatever dumb shit...
Yeah, that was a freak accident. More people get paralyzed from cheerleading than from BJJ every year.
I've only seen white belts and the occasional blue who don't realize that this submission was due to very excellent setups and top pressure from the Judo guy on top, and while there WERE mistakes made from the bottom guy, that wasn't the primary reason for that submission since you can make those same mistakes against someone that doesn't have black belt Judo top pressure and not get subbed. I actually pull this video out as one of the things about when you can break the 'rules' of BJJ as a warning to people not to be complacent and to make sure you know how to counter those things that 'everyone knows you can't do'.
If you want to see Aiki against a resisting opponent look up the videos of Mifune's judo. It embodies everything that Aikido espouses. The dude was flat out ELEGANT when he was throwing people on their heads.
Don't shit talk Dressage. It's one of the few remaining pure olympic sports with a direct link to combat applications. It's a display of the horse and rider mastery that that allowed someone to control a horse mid combat while wielding a sword and shield, or sword and pistol. Dressage is some seriously badass shit and should not be lumped in with speed walking and trampoline.
Are you guys an official Alliance affiliate? All of the Alliance affiliates I know of do the formal test. I did it for my blue and purple.
Nope. My tests were free except for the normal drop-in fee at HQ where I did it. I also bought my purple belt there after my test for 25$.
Umm, I paid nothing for the test. I paid the drop-in fee for the 2 hour long class I took before the test. Then I bought a belt because I wanted one with the alliance logo...
10x10 minute rounds.
As was mentioned below, you almost certainly are letting your elbow get loose, with your underhook too high and without using your bottom arm for any kind of control.
Probably depends on how deliberate it looks...
I have bad vision, I don't wear my glasses during class, I just get close enough to see what's going on.
&gt; For instance there was a TKD instructor who would travel to a big city to learn BJJ and over time got promoted to brown belt and is now operating BJJ as his prime business. Name of this person? It's very very rare for BJJ ranks to be given out without the accompanying skill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI Another life changed by Damien Maia.
Depends entirely on how you are passing. There is always going to be some way for someone to fight your pass attempt. Controlling the legs at the ankles gives you the most leverage and the ability to set up multiple passes, multiple direction changes, and generally create the best opportunity for passing. The closer to the hips you are controlling your opponent the fewer options you have for passing methodologies because your opponent then has the ability to attack for grips and use his legs as well. It's simply more dangerous. When you are backed out with control at the ankles then your opponents gripping options are extremely limited, they can't use their legs to defend, and they are forced into essentially desperation hip movement pass counters and forced inversion. They have to recover the position in some way before they can start attacking you again. Also, which Kron v Torres match are you talking about? Their ADCC match reinforces my point. Torres went for light control near the knee, attempting a pass that left him inside Kron's legs, which resulted in him getting trapped in guard and armbarred. Had he been further out and taken control near the ankles then he would have had a better chance of getting past Kron's legs. Probably still wouldn't have, because fucking KRON, but he wouldn't have already been inside the guard when beginning the pass attempt.
Either we both start standing, or you engage on the ground and then stand unless we agreed on something else at the beginning of the roll. That doesn't mean you have to start in closed guard. I frequently start in sitting guard, then grab a pants grip and stand up, other people frequently do that to me. But standing while disengaged is creating an asymmetrical environment. I'm going to stand up to to create a symmetrical environment. We can work from standing, that way I have the option to establish my grips while you are attempting your takedown instead of you getting to start with me down, with no grips, while you are standing. If you want to start that way then ask me. Pulling guard without grips is only common for shitty whitebelts.
Sitting with no grips while someone else is standing is 100% a disadvantage. Every time. Your opponent has WAY more options than you do.
Just be better than your opponent instead of planning to power out of the submissions, maybe? If you're winning then you don't have to worry about tapping.
The BJJihad is relentless. PM me the names of anyone you think got their rank in an illegitimate way. I will investigate fully and if the issue warrants it I will take the appropriate action. If I determine that everything is on the up and up then I'll leave it at that, but we police our ranks pretty seriously.
&gt; I can not tell you the amount of times a black belt has said to the beginner class, "pull guard, there is no point in both sitting on your knees or not allowing someone to play top position." You just sound like that dick that has to win every roll. Tha FUCK are you talking about? I am talking about the specific situation where the buzzer sounds, the two of you slap hands, and then your partner hops to his feet five feet away from you. That has nothing to do with any of the dumb shit you are saying. Everyone I have ever trained with engages first then stands so that there is interaction at the beginning of the roll. Why? Because standing up 5 feet away from someone just invites them to stand up too unless something has been agreed upon prior to the roll. If you get to stand up, I get to stand up, and we can work from standing.
I'm more then happy to go power doubled or seio naged through the planet if that's the result. I would rather have the opportunity to egnage from standing than spend the whole time trying to chase down someone who has decided the don't want to engage on the ground.
It's an inherent disadvantage. Just because you like it doesn't make it an advantageous position.
He's a valuable training partner. He has the same amount of training that you do and he's way more athletic. Don't worry about submitting him, just use him as a way to practice your positional control. Work with this guy until you can hold him down and maintain position on him and think about how easy it will be to hold position on people who aren't as athletic as this guy is.
http://img.pandawhale.com/post-2436-Things-I-Care-About-vs-What-Yo-ATPn.jpeg
Fellow 145er here. Hook your hands behind their elbows and pull forward, at the same time squeeze with your knees and curl your knees towards your chest. This will generally get the elbows out even against the bigger stronger guys. If they are so strong that you can't do that, then start getting REAAAALLY good at guillotines and just sit up and throw a guillotine on them. Either they defend, your you choke them. If it's in the Gi you can grab a cross collar grip, post on the mat, and push them backwards. It forces them to react, at which point you can collar drag them down.
Complete myth. Can't happen. Your nose is a relatively small and fragile batch of cartilage with a small piece of thin bone at the top (http://healthcare.walgreens.com/marketing/library/graphics/images/en/8915.jpg) . Your skull is pretty well put together. Hitting someone with enough force to fracture that frontal part of the skull would pulverize their face.
If you are hitting them that hard and that much, then the least of their worries is a tiny piece of bone because the rest of their skull is going to be obliterated.
Because the nerd/geek community is easily enraged and getting people angry translates into traffic. How many people saw that and immediately went to read it and be angry? Every one of those people represents a positive for them, even if they are super angry. We don't represent their normal readership, so it's not like any of us are going to cancel our subscription or stop reading because of it, so it's essentially free publicity and a quick spike in exposure for them.
I see the problem. The technique in that video is not a clock choke. It's not a clock choke variant. It has nothing in common with the way the clock choke is performed or finished. It's also a bow and arrow choke variation that I've commonly seen called a 'hell choke'.
Yep, that's almost always a good place to focus. It gives you a clear goal, it's something that will be fresh in your mind, and it will help cement the technique for you.
If you are caught, tap. People GENERALLY don't slam the submissions, but they aren't going to sit there and give you time to work out of them either. No one is going to sue you. It's your opponents responsibility to tap when he's in danger. If he's not tapping then he's telling you he's fine.
Come on dude, at least be a real participant in the community between blog posts.
Actually, look at the total number of any given card available for sale on a given day. If just a few hundred out of the hundreds of thousands of players decide to order a card because of an announcement that it won't be reprinting in a set, or because they see a deck hit top 8 in a GP or something it's a HUGE percentage of the available cards of any one card at any given moment. That's what leads to 'buyout' behavior.
As much as I might take issue with how Jordan handled his rank issue, this implies that his skill isn't earned, and that's total shit.
Judo is the #1 best option for LEOs with BJJ and Wrestling more or less tied for 2nd place. Striking suspects is a HUGE no no, but putting them on the ground to restrain them is almost always your end goal and all three of those arts will help you do that. However there are things specific to LEOs that you have to think about, like how to protect your weapon during an unarmed encounter, and what your use of force rules are.
Testicle Knee-Ride is a legitimate passing technique.
It depends on how much time you have to spend training. If you have the time to train both boxing and judo then that's going to be fantatic, if you only have time to train one thing then Judo or BJJ i better becaue your primary goal is to GTFO, and being able to grapple is what will keep you from getting mobbed.
I prefer US Grappling sub only by a wide margin. However a points system that awards the position regardless of how it is achieved, with no advantages, and points awarded for lifting someone above your waist ('Slam' points) would be fine for me. The current IBJJF point system is crap. Also, no referee decision. Some kind of overtime period instead then way EBI does it.
I take issue with all of the people who seem to think that backing off and running will automatically end the encounter. What do you do if the three guys decide to chase you? How for and how fast can you run? I can do about half a mile at a dead run, and my half mile speed is like 2:30. What are the chances that's good enough to get me somewhere safe before one of those guys catches me and now i'm trying to fight while winded? Some consideration needs to be given to the idea that running isn't an automatic success.
I want my coaching to consist of point totals, time left in the match, and encouragement. I don't like it when people yell technique advice at me mid match.
You're pretty much awful at everything right now, so don't worry about being a one trick pony right now. There is plenty of room for you to improve everything right now. Your top priority should be the ability to escape from every bad position reliably right now. Secondary to that is working on developing everything else. If you want to get the most from your training then you have to go in with focus on your goals, and don't screw around. Get as many reps of each drill in as possible, when you are rolling focus on the techniques you learned in class and try to execute them. Later on once you have built up your library of techniques around mid blue belt you start putting together a game and working on your specific game and targeting your weaknesses.
A few years ago I choked a guy unconscious while his coach was telling him that he was safe and there was no choke. :\
Imanari definitely has a chance. Not too long ago most people would have been posing that question in reverse.
So we've established that you don't know what you are doing. Are you doing it as hard and as fast as you can? No? Then you aren't spazzing. If you are trying to do something with deliberate focus in a controlled way, even if it's not something you've been taught, then you're fine.
If they had a better format for the Top 8 it would. Maybe give a 2 hour dinner break before the top 8 for people to eat and relax and prepare, but I know that would make events run super long. Just seems like finding a way to let people eat and rest would cut down on the amount of sloppy play we end up seeing.
EXCUSE ME WHILE I SLAP MY DRINK ACROSS YOUR ARTWORK SIR! OH! I HAD NO IDEA THAT MIGHT HAPPEN!
&gt; Besides, do you really want to look back in 20 years of pictures of you wearing rainbow tights, with an Iron Man rash guard and a purple gi with 57 goofy patches on it? :/ Yes.
&gt;I don't want to be rude Be rude. Take control of your training. If the dude tries to stop drilling to tell you some shit then tell him you want to get your reps in and he can discuss it afterwards. Dudes breath is bad? Bring listerine strips or mints or something and give him one before class every time. Dude has BO? Sometimes you just gotta deal with that shit. It's a sweaty sport with sweaty people.
Well, we don't know that for sure unless it was updated since I first read it. This might be a situation where one group of people are less invested in the competitive scene, so they aren't shelling out for snapcasters and shit, while the other group is. So all of group 1s decks are Tier 1.5 and Tier 2 at best, while Group 2 is fielding Tier 1 decks across the board. If that is the case then the 'money' variable can be removed by switching formats to one that is less affected by your supply of available cash. If Group 2 is just straight up a bunch of better magic players then the result is going to be identical, obviously, but again we don't have that information as far as I know.
Umm, all of the shit that works for someone half your size just works that much better for you.
Please don't. Go buy the appropriate gear for your bondage related sexytimes and leave your BJJ stuff out of it.
I'm a fan of awarding 2 points and a standup if someone gets lifted above their opponents waist. So, if I have a triangle, and someone is able to pick me up so that my head goes above their waist then they get 2 points and we restart standing.
My attitude is just fine.
Go read the studies again. The results aren't universal. Some people had reaction times that were up to 3/4 of a second slower when high than when sober. It affects everyone differently and making any kind of universal "Marijuana does X or does not do Y" statement is going to be wrong. The risk for slowed reaction time and loss of focus is there, therefore it's a disservice to your training partners to indulge without letting them know and making sure they are ok with it.
K, since /u/Rand486 has summoned me I have a nice example video to post of me from a tournament back in 2009. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jtf5iKr4ptE First example point is at the :48 second mark. I have a sort of double armbar, my opponent jerks me upright and immediately drops back down, bonking me on the ground. I have had the same sort of thing happen on wooden floors and you don't notice it at the time, but it leaves some bruises later. I was too concerned with working for that armbar and let him posture too much. This was me making a mistake and getting bonked for it. He starts to posture again and I go to hook the leg and lose the submission attempt because I was focused on getting the underhook over maintaining the submission. Some scramble into omoplata follows and then we're at the next major point: At 1:54 I lock the triangle up and my opponent starts to stand. See how as my head comes up off of the ground I latch onto his leg? It doesn't matter if he can get me that far off of the ground. A bonk from there isn't going to KO me, or even be noticeable even on concrete. I continue to keep the triangle solid and latch onto that leg and pull whenever he tries to lift me. That means he ends up trying to do a 'good morning' (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/61/Good-Mornings.png) with my entire body weight, plus the strength of me pulling on his leg. Even as weak as I am, go put 180lbs on the bar and do a 'good morning' and see how that works out for you. Because of that I avoid being lifted more than a few inches off of the ground and I can even mitigate any impact from him dropping down on me around the 2:02 mark. This obviously wasn't perfect, but it's representative of the proper way to defend against the possibility of being slammed.
Well, I made all of my disastrous financial decisions back when I was 20, bought a house and car I couldn't afford, all that jazz. I learned my lessons and leaved well within my means for the next decade. And now my wife makes good money, and I make good money, so I can take a somewhat lower paying job and our combined income covers everything plus our extravagant luxurious lifestyle. If I were single, and didn't own 2 horses and a 26 acre farm, then yes. The lower income would have been just fine from the start for me. Had I known better and made better choices when I was 20 I could have gotten away with making even less, but don't lowball yourself either. The job market isn't an employers market anymore. When you are negotiating make it clear that you are willing to accept X compensation with Y specific scheduling concessions. A lot of places will either work with your scheduling requirements, or happily pay you a little bit less than you might actually be worth in exchange for letting you leave work an hour early a couple of days a week.
But correct punching technique is just that much more effective for a larger person. Things like using a crouched stance often come down to strategic thinking, not technical. And strategic thinking is where the big guy should be looking. Hang on people, make them carry your weight as much as possible, make them move more than you move, etc...
Against other kids I teach them to respect the tap the first time. I'm pretty damn confident in the kids I've dealt with being able to re-assert dominance if their aggressor comes after then again, and this time you don't let them up until you have backup, if no back up is on the way then it's night night time.
Where are you on the east coast? I will hook you up with something that meets your requirements.
How close to this are you? Universal Martial Arts ADDRESS: 165 Amboy Rd. (Building: F-601), Morganville, NJ 07751 PNONE: (732) 252-8103 / (732) 718-9466 Web site: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sambo-MMA/205389642812076 E-MAIL: samboinnj@yahoo.com INSTRUCTOR: JAMES WHITE This is a combat Sambo place that probably will be exactly what you are looking for.
If they are applying an armbar and putting steady pressure, and you tap when the pressure is at the limit, and they continue to put pressure on for another full second because they lost focus a bit, your arm will know the difference. It's not cranking it's just continued application of pressure beyond the tap due to inattention or slower reaction.
I super agree with this. Tell the instructor. My friends who teach the kids classes would never ever ever ever put up with that kind of stuff from the kids they teach and they would enforce it via BJJ related punishments, and that stuff can be truly truly miserable.
I would be there with pitchforks and torches to crucify you as well over dirty gi acceptance!
The goal behind all of those things is to make the space that your opponents neck is in as small as possible, so do all of those things and then look for other ways to make the space small from wherever you end up. Some times this means getting up on your toes and rotating a bit, punching your choking arm through a bit harder, turning your wrist over, etc...
Get a Fuji Victory. They cost about 80$ and are some of the bet gis you can get. My Fuji is still my favorite gi.
Don't ever let your foot go past your opponents hip.
Pass to the other side.
You will run into people who can finish the triangle while stacked, so be aware. A common counter is sweeping you, switching to the armbar, underhooking the leg to turn your stack into a super tight triangle.
Unless your some kind of palsied retiree you're at least as strong as I am, so I'm guessing you're just doing it wrong. My go-to guard break that works on everyone is to get grips on the pants just to the inside of the hips, keep my own elbows in near my sides, sit down on my heels, make an L with my legs, and then expand myself until my opponents guard breaks open. Works on everyone.
I don't want to be on bottom mount, or have my back taken, or be bottom side control. I don't mind having DLR, my opponent can't do anything against it except get swept. I FAR PREFER to be on top Knee on Belly.
I'm willing to bet money that you train entirely differently from 99% of all Kung Fu schools though, because years of form training and compliant drilling isn't going to give you the skills to stuff a single leg.
&gt; 230 lb body builders don't get knocked on their ass by a magic trick. They do, they most certainly do. It's all about positioning of your body in relation to theirs and making sure that their base starts out compromised. It's all physics and fakery.
My estimate is a guess solely based on me rolling well against a bunch of brown belts recently compared to how I was rolling with brownbelts before my layoff. :)
I'm going to go ahead and not put much stock in your 20 year old memory of this event then.
I'm walking around at an easy 142, so light feather seems like an easy choice.
LOL @ 'this young man', I'm a year older than you are. :)
One of the things that I always make sure to do is to focus my weight on my opponent. I don't drop my knees to the mat, I don't rest on my elbows. I make sure that the only thing touching the ground is my toes, everything else is on my opponent. Even when I drop my hips down towards the mat I just barely don't touch the mat. Also, WHERE you put the weight can make a huge difference. I do my damndest to keep my weight as tightly focused on my opponents solar plexus as possible from side control. One way to start figuring out the details is to pay good attention to that tiny female when you roll with her and focus on WHERE it feels like her weight is.
You have to go back flat to counter that grip and start your escape again cause you fucked up.
We call it the Rear Naked Crank, because the hand grip you use is identical to the RNC grip. I had it done to me at one of my first NAGA tournament sand almost blacked out.
If the person isn't resisting at all, then yeah, you can do it in 4 seconds. But even a small amount of resistance pushes that up to 7, and most people are going to manage to hold out for 8-12 seconds. Some people can hold out even longer.
Those are all side effects. Not the primary. They are things you learn from ANY hard physical work or competition. The PURPOSE of martial arts is the teach people to fight effectively. One of the BENEFITS of it is that you usually develop other positive characteristics. The thing that makes BJJ different from Gymnastics is not in the side benefits, it's in the main focus. An olympic gymnast has every possible benefit you could derive from training a martial art except the martial part. That's what distinguishes them.
None of us think this was a good idea. The only time I would ever engage someone with a gun is if I was very worried they were going to shoot other people, or intended to shoot me whether I tried anything or not.
&gt; Evidence actually shows that martial arts practitioners are actually at a higher risk of injury in those situations because they BELIEVE THEY KNOW HOW TO FIGHT EFFECTIVELY, Citation needed. &gt;FURTHERMORE martial artists are actually held accountable in legal situations where they use their "effective fighting skills" because the legal system deems that someone who has knowledge of specific harm they can cause to someone are (to paraphrase) twats and should take responsibility. Citation needed. &gt;Military martial arts is essentially very simple self defense. Citation needed. You may not be learning to fight. I am, and have. That's what makes what I train a Martial Art, and what you do interpretive dance.
Do you enjoy prison? If you enjoy prison then go right ahead.
What was the gender distribution at the event though?
&gt; couldn't get into that sporting team because you weren't skilled enough it made you doubt yourselves and want to give up on trying. The fuck kind of pathetic attitude is that? When someone tells me I can't do something because I'm not skilled enough I decide how much I want that thing, then if I want it enough I put in the work to try to reach that next level, I don't just roll over and quit because I'm not yet skilled enough. That's nonsense. Being denied the opportunity to do something based on an attribute you can't control like your gender or race is a problem. Being denied something because of your ability to perform is not a problem. Other than that, I agree with you.
You assholes are in my neck of the woods. Don't pointlessly and blatantly post zero content advertising. I'ma downvote you, I'ma downvote your cow, I'ma downvote your whole family.
No, the fetch lands were nice and all, but the set over all was really well put together. It had a lot of fun mechanics that worked well together, it was a 3 color set with good mana fixing so making 3 color decks felt pretty easy, and because a lot of the cards require three colors of mana you get to play with some pretty powerful cards like Siege Rhino. The draft environment was just really good and fun and it also includes a lot of solid cards for both standard and modern.
I've done that too. Pulled into a walmart parking lot 10 minutes away from the venue at 3-4 am, slept for 5 hours, then went to weigh-in and compete.
Choke him until he taps or goes out. Close your eyes and dig your head down to protect yourself. Joint locks you should be kind of nice with and release even if someone is just being douchebaggy and refusing to tap, but chokes you can just hold until they go out if they refuse to tap.
Just go ahead and garrote them if you have a loop of paracord.
He was pressing his hands into the dudes eyes, that's zero risk and easily avoided simply by moving your head.
It's not an escalation. You hold the choke until they tap, escape, or go out. That's how I normally perform chokes in class. Pushing on my face like a dumbass doesn't fall into any of those categories.
My gym is open like all fucking day on saturdays. Don't think there are official classes on sunday but I could probably find someone to show up and open the place up to roll.
Awesome progress! Keep it up!
If they want to stop weight cutting then they should just institute a second weigh-in right before the fight, and if you are more than X lbs heavier than your night before weigh-in then you get fined part of your purse.
Have done. Went slightly too far, or had opponents slightly too slow to tap and resulted in hospital trips or unconsciousness. I've been on the other side as well, been a bit too slow or thought I had an out when I didn't and ended up injured or unconscious.
&gt;Following on from above, know what the uniform rules are before turning up. I had several awkward conversations upper belts who had rashguards / shorts / belts that wouldn't pass the gi-check. I would love to know the uniform rules for what constitutes a Gi or belt that is 'too worn' since I've had teammates who had to very quickly borrow a Gi from someone else because of that, even though as far as we could tell their belt/gi and other people who passed were in exactly the same shape.
Because you're a whitebelt scrub and he's your instructor.
I've had classes with Jacare, but not with Clark, so I would probably go for Clark for the novelty of it, but Jacare always takes some kind of insanely stupid simple technique and then shows you like 3-4 details that improve it a hugely for you.
This is a thing. When two people are of equivalent skill or close to it then the larger person generally has an advantage. Training in a martial art should let you acquire the skill to overcome that natural disadvantage against an untrained or less skilled person. The solution to your problem is to train harder and be better than they are, or understand that you aren't going to beat an equally skilled opponent who is larger than you are very often.
After initially learning the escapes I don't think I've every really drilled most of them beyond my time spent 'active drilling' while rolling and positional work like one person starts with side control and you have to escape while they have to submit you or something like that. I think a lot of people see it as escapes being the thing that you are practicing all of the time anyways because you're a white belt, so actively drilling them doesn't have the same kind of urgency as some other technique groups.
Your final option is flipped from the usual I think. Generally if it's going to be allowed it's allowed in No-Gi, but not in Gi. Not sure if you meant 'use knee reaping in Gi' or 'use the current rule in Gi'.
Is there any particular reason that you think I shouldn't be confident in my ability to do to an untrained person something that I've done to trained people thousands of times? And of course: &gt;move to the next opponent, and be no worse off than someone who stayed on their feet. You keep creating this weird strawman notion that I am talking about taking someone down and executing submissions on them in a situation where there are known multiple opponents. I've never said that. If I end up on the ground through some part of the chaos of combat then I get the option to snagging a limb and cranking it as hard as I can to disable one of my opponents and then working to get back to my feet using proven skills practiced thousands of times against resisting opponents. Your entire position is based on this fallacy that people who are trained in grappling and/or MMA will choose to take a fight to the ground and keep it there no matter what the context is. That's something completely made up in your own head. If I'm in a situation where the context indicates it's safe for me to engage someone, put them on the ground, and work from there then I will. If the context says that's not a good idea then I can use my skills to stay on my feet and avoid being tackled and curbstomped. Am I confident of this ability? Fuck yes I am. I've done it under full resistance for years. How's your takedown defense? How are your mount escapes? Do you have any idea how to stop someone from sitting on your chest and punching your skull into tiny pieces?
&gt; I've been looking for a good defense of MMA in the multiple attacker context, but in my practical fighting experience, the second you're locked with someone is the second someone else starts hitting you This is because you don't actually know anything MMA training and assume that MMA is about immediately clinching with an opponent and pulling guard or some equally dumb shit, when in reality anyone who has done even a SMALL amount of MMA training is a better standup fighter than most TMA blackbelts because their training uses a better methodology than forms and chi sao or point sparring.
&gt; like somehow MMA as a concept trains martial artists better than martial artists from every other discipline. What a joke. The methodology IS better because it's the methodology found in effective striking styles like Boxing and Muay Thai, and not the fantasy garbage found in Wing Chun, and Taekwondo. &gt;It has a distinct purpose that is founded in actual physiology and science. It is a literal "faster than you can think", which is far faster than trying to discern an attack and make a conscious decision about response. More fantasy nonsense. This is the end result of training anything a sufficient amount. Do you think I have to think about how to react when I'm grappling? Of course not. I have thousands of repetitions and hundreds of hours of time spent working against resisting opponents. Against someone who is untrained I know exactly what they are doing before they do it because their body tells me a thousand things about how they are about to move. This isn't some sort of mystical thing that Wing Chun has that only works for Chi Sao. It's the end product of good training. Except that Chi Sao doesn't actually map onto anything that happens in an actual fight in any way. So yeah, 100 hours of really good training will trump 1000 hours of really bad training any day.
&gt; Some of the best fighters in the world have gone down with full awareness of the opponent on the first or second punch of a professional fight. Against professional fighters with professional skills. I understand why you think untrained people are so dangerous, it's because you're shit at fighting. People with actual skills don't have that problem. I've taken and given out plenty of punches, padded and unpadded and I will happily do so again given the opportunity. And I have yet to have anyone demonstrate in any reasonable way how Wing Chun (we're going to stick with that one for the moment since it's where most of this dumb shit comes from) suddenly becomes more effective as a combat method when a second or third attacker enters the picture than an equivalent amount of training in MMA. If you are worse at fighting one person, which you most definitely are, then what about that makes you think that you are going to have a better chance against two people? And if you think you ARE better at fighting one person then let's see some proof of that anywhere. Want to see good WC that actually teaches people to fight? Look at Alan Orr. How do those guys train? 95% exactly like MMA gyms. Because the training methods are flat out better.
&gt;Even pros, in a professional context, with perfect situational awareness, are subject to getting KTFO over the smallest lucky shot. Those shots aren't lucky. You're mistaking luck for skill, not an uncommon thing for those without skill to do. You are clearly a complete troll. Someone with 12 months of boxing is a better stand up fighter than someone with a decade of WC on average. Someone with 2 years of MMA is going to be a better standup fighter than someone with a decade of WC. And I'm being generous saying 2 years instead of less. So, let me try to make this as simple as possible so you will understand it. If you are shitty at fighting ONE person, then you aren't going to magically be better at fighting TWO people. Training to fight ONE person FIRST is where you start. If you want to fight TWO people then you expand your training using the SAME FUCKING METHODS to encompass two people, then more people, then weapons, etc... You do NOT start playing advanced level pattycake and pretending that you can punch someone multiple times in one second effectively.
I wasn't interested before, but now....
Who the hell is downvoting all of /u/Bjjcollective's posts in here? That's not cool. He's giving relevant advice with video links. Don't be a hater. This is the one I generally use: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q33fwdLvPi4 It's called the french girl ONLY if you pose stylishly at the end.
&gt; There's no such thing as a pure striker in MMA. There's definitely pure grapplers with some strike defenses. More things you're wrong about. There are both pure grapplers and pure strikers at the amateur level of MMA, not as many as there used to be, but they still are there and find some success. There are even a handful of pure strikers and pure grapplers who make it into the lower tier of the professional level. But there are no pure grapplers or pure strikers who are finding success at the top levels of MMA. Fabricio Werdum is the closest thing to a pure grappler you'll find at the top and he's still a better striker than damn near everyone who ISN'T a professional striker at the top of their sport. I think you may have confused MY training with MMA in general. I'm a BJJ grappler with a focus on competition first, and an MMA hobbyist second. My interest in self defense is purely for entertainment which is why I roll in street clothes with strikes on occasion, or do things like work to get to my feet while one person tries to hold me down and a second moves in to hit me. &gt;basic and widely accepted issues with MMA. Widely accepted by people that don't actually know anything about it I guess... But MMA does not have the problems you are ascribing to it. If you want to make the argument about BJJ in specific then you have a conversation. But trying to say MMA has a problem simply because it contains a strong library of grappling techniques in addition to the strong library of striking techniques and clinchwork, all of which are trained with aliveness against resisting opponents is just... silly. And trying to bring up the strawman AGAIN that says being on the ground against multiple opponents is a bad idea is just as meaningless as it always has been because no one is disputing that. So maybe try to reframe your argument in some way that doesn't make you look like an idiot? And I'm even conceding your 50% grappling number for laughs, though the gym I train at has our MMA fighters training about 25% BJJ on the ground and the other 75% standup of one kind or another, either standing grappling for takedowns and takedown defense, or clinch and striking work. I imagine the percentages vary from gym to gym, and if you had any idea how actual MMA training worked you might know that. BUT, we'll assume all MMA training is 50% BJJ for now.
This is my favorite Gi. I recommend anyone looking for a new gi go grab one.
Certainly a fun card for Elvish Piper style effects that let you cheap stuff into play. At only 1G it might even be good enough for constructed play in some kind of Pod style value deck.
More class.
Start Here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI Continue and watch the whole science of jiujitsu series if you have the time. This will at least give you some direction when you're rolling, but there is absolutely not substitute for mat time.
Yup. A2 fits like a glove.
I didn't sweep the awards?! I demand a recount!
Look up Kyle Maynard and BJJ.
More often I get other people grabbing my shorts in no-gi...
His first crop of from scratch guys just got promoted to black belt like 4 months ago. They were all killing it at brown, so we'll see how they do at black belt.
I prefer my knee to be on the neck, but either way is good.
Because showing up to class is the single largest struggle that most people face. Work and home obligations, expenses, random social anxiety, transportation, all of those things will conspire to keep you from class. Once you get to class your instructor and your teammates are there to take you the rest of the way. They'll get you on the mats, train with you, keep you motivated and moving while you're in class.
I'll be running both in my Meren GB Sacrifice deck. Makes it easier to combo out.
Let me be more specific. If my foot gets tangled in your t-shirt in ANY WAY, I'm tearing that shit right off of you. It's annoying. Buy a rashguard.
Iron patches come off way too easily in my experience. Sew on is the way to go.
AWWW YISS!!! This is gonna be GOOD! I like seeing this guys in a tournament instead of the Metamoris matchups. Definitely gonna buy this one.
This is why I always open up my leglock game on our MMA guys. I want them to be ready for everything.
He's a very popular comedian, was the host of fear factor for several years, and was on the show News Radio, has done some other media projects, and gets paid pretty well for his UFC coverage. He's worth about 25 million. You can check out some of his work here: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0736579/
Get a tight rashguard, the fabric won't rub as much. 3 hours before should be fine. Your skin flora has enough time to recover. Just make sure you are taking a shower AFTERWARDS as well.
Not at all. My spine issues were there LONG before I started BJJ. I've had chronic back issues since I was 15 or so, and the issues in my neck are related to that. Training regularly is one of the things that helps reduce my pain.
BJJ is useful for neutralizing someone without hurting them, or disabling them until they are no longer a threat. It does NOT fare well in a chaotic melee environment like a bar brawl. For that the skills you would use most from BJJ are the ones that you use to stand up while under pressure, or avoid getting knocked down in a clinch. That kind of thing. You would still want that, but the overall skill transfer is going to be better from a standup art. Of course, your best plan is to not get into drunken brawls...
Sounds like another prime candidate for OBMA! I wrote a series of articles about this exact issue that got picked up by several other people. Just start reading these: https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=joshjitsu+operation+be+more+assertive Those are mine and several of the other people who got involved. There's a lot of good material in it.
I'm much more inclined to let someone work and explore and find success if they are taking a more relaxed approach to the roll than if they come at me like there's money on the line.
BJJ e'ry day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI This video changed my life when it comes to stopping guard passes.
Seems about like oldskool Catch to me. The MT instructor at my last gym had the same kind of attitude and ran his classes the same way. Not something I would enjoy, but it kind of fits the more super aggressive catch mentality. And this: &gt; and tells her, "this isn't jitz, work for a better position . Once again, it feels like a dig at bjj Isn't a dig at BJJ, it's just a fact. Working from the bottom is NOT what catch is about. You get on top and you grind your opponent until you can sub them. Make them cry if you can. It's a different attitude and a different style.
TROVED. Keepers of the Trove bloodline mod.
Go back as if you're starting from scratch, your first day, with no expectations. Do that and you'll do fine.
Feet on hip spider guard is one of my strongest positions. It feeds into DLR, regular spider guard, x-guard, overhead sweeps, sickle sweeps. It's option rich and very strong. What you can't do is just put your feet on their hips and do nothing else. Upper body control is a big part of making any guard successful.
&gt; I can't just show up to class and do what they're instructing, or I wouldn't grow. I was thinking about this today because we had a crop of fresh white belts in the gym for the new year, and I was thinking about how EASY it is to improve as a white belt. Like from the beginning of class to the end you get to see visible improvement in them. All they have to do to get better is just show up and do what we tell them and they can't help but get better. For me it's HARD to improve. It's easy for me to coast through a class doing what I always do and maybe, MAYBE a get slightly very incrementally better at something, but maybe I don't. If I want to really improve I have to be actively thinking about what I'm doing and why, analyzing it, looking for the reasons I fail at things, and really actively fighting for improvement.
&gt; Dont feel obligated to roll with every person, every round. That's just dumb. What nonsense is this? I roll every round, with everybody, I'll close the gym out if I have time. You should be pacing your rolls so that you CAN roll every round with every person. Every second that you sit out is a second you aren't learning anything.
If "Have Fun" is your number 1 then you need to go try out each school near you for a couple of weeks and see what you ENJOY most. That's that one that you will keep going to. Even Aikido can get you fit, you just have to put a little more effort into it than something like boxing or MMA which are more intense. But I do agree with your friend, Aikido came out of a desire for high level Judo guys to be able to keep playing as they got older. It's a terrible stand alone art, but awesome to start doing in your 60s so that you can still stay active. If getting fit is a very close second then I (obviously) highly recommend BJJ. We will get you fit. Personal growth will come from hard work and dedication. Doing ANYTHING that is physically difficult and outside of your comfort zone will lead to personal growth.
If the smaller person is a lower belt, then sure, you don't put all of your weight on them. But if someone weighs 300lbs and they get to side control on me and I can still breathe I'm going to use that breath to trash talk them until they crush my tiny rib cage.
Most of the time it works out about the same.
Hmm... I might come out to watch if my wife is working that day. Not sure if I'm down to compete just yet or not.
When it starts to be dry and kind of flaky it's dying and will start to fade. Don't train until it's no longer visible. If after five days it still itches when you put lotrimin on it then you might have acquired a strain with a high resistance and you should try miconozal. Look for Micatin or generic Miconozal. It's a different anti-fungal and might work better on your particular strain. If after five days of Miconozal you are still having itching and it's visible then you need to go to a doctor and get diflucan prescribed. I had to do that once when I let my beard grow out and got ringworm under it, and didn't see it until I shaved. That was AWFUL. Had horrible ringworm on my fucking FACE for like 4 weeks.
Sit up. Change the angle of attack. Don't keep pushing against their strength. Grab both of his legs at the knee, like hug them, and posture up and lift his legs off of the ground, then put your knee on that same side up under their knee and trap their legs there on top of your thigh. Now they can't shrimp away, or turn, or anything. Now you can stand up and go to reverse KoB, or you can stand up and knee sweep to regular KoB. Just keep control of the legs as long as possible.
My PREFERRED defense is the flying scissor takedown, grab the back of the collar with the same side hand as the leg that's being lifted, then drop and post on my other hand and sweep. Unfortunately it's illegal in a lot of environments now, which makes me sad. The COOLEST defense is to do a backflip and shoot a double on them when you land. My most common defense is to hop up and down until we go out of bounds.
From where? That usually happens to me from the same places I'm vulnerable to d'arce chokes, which is bottom halfguard, so I posture away in knee shield to make them unable to get the grips to complete the choke until I can clear the lapel again. From anywhere else I grab the lapel and take control of it while threatening escapes/sweeps as hard as I can.
Mount. Be trying to get to mount.
How long before? In the microbiologist discussion we had a while back it was considered a bad idea to shower less than an hour before class or more than an hour after class since it kills the natural flora on your skin that help protect you from other peoples funk.
&gt; ) bridge toward them and when they push back bridge the other way and roll them over you This is my personal favorite, and the one I've had the best success with against upper belts who use Kesa. However it doesn't work as well if they have the modified kesa with the underhook of the arm instead of the arm under the head. &gt;grab the back of the other persons collar, rock back and forth until you can sit up and push them to the mat This one actually works pretty well against the modified kesa as well if you make a good frame and then sweep your hips out when you rock up. Takes some practice to tune, but it's surprisingly effective.
Yeah, the second anyone starts messing with my lapel from there I try to take control of the lapel as soon as possible. If I'm already on my side I'll sometimes even go flat again in order to try to get the lapel back, because being on my side is where I know they are going to try to hit me with the choke.
In the past I've seen significant reduction in 3 days, and complete healing in 5-7 days.
So, when you stand up you'll have their legs kind of pinched between yours. To knee sweep you shift your front leg away from your opponent about six inches, then you bring your back leg through and use it to sweep their legs aside and drive to KoB or mount.
And homeless people in the USA live like kings compared to ethopian villagers. Doesn't make shit not miserable for them. Don't downplay your own situation just because shits harder for some other random person. Seriously dude, if money is your main problem hit me up on email. I have contacts literally all over the world. If you have ANY kind of useful skills I can help you turn them into cash.
If you DO go the cup route, get a Flex cup, not a solid one. The flex cup will protect you from incidental contact without being useable as a weapon, or being as prone to potentially crushing your nuts if it slips, and it doesn't interfere as much with some of the weird contortions that you get into when grappling.
What? That was hilarious. Why would that make him unlikable?
That's the glory of pinterest! You don't AFFORD them! You make them yourself out of these 7 common house hold items! You won't believe what one housewife made!
We've been rolling to inspirational speeches from various sports folks and great speakers, even MLK, this week. It's actually pretty cool. There's one of Arnold talking about how hard he trained and the kind of dedication he put into everything he did which is surprisingly intense. And some of the others from people I don't recognize by voice are pretty intense too. People talking about living in homeless shelters while they went out every day to run and lift weights and train for whatever it was they were trying to do. You sure as fuck don't decide to sit out a round because you're tired right after some guy finishes talking about how the police broke up their rally with night sticks and tear gas, but they were back the next day because their spirit couldn't be broken. Shit is intense.
I've never even heard of this thing.
I don't mind the hammerlock with finger control, that's a fine way to control someone once you have them down, but if she wants to use knee-on-back-of-head she needs to post that other foot out to get her weight on him...
1. Do not make assumptions about the skill level of your opponent. 2. Until you have fully assessed your opponents skill level and determined your ability to control them play 100% closed guard defense. 3. Do not make the mistake of thinking that wrestling is not grappling, or is somehow inferior to BJJ. An olympic wrestler is a better grappler than most BJJ blackbelts on a pure grappling perspective.
He's an olympic wrestler who is training with the intensity and ability of an olympic wrestler. He didn't intend to hurt anyone. He's just extremely strong and explosive.
From a technical perspective, I like this answer, from the perspective of the actual situation this would change nothing. An Olympic level wrestler is going to shred through your halfguard like it's not even there. Or my halfguard. Or the halfguard of most blackbelts. Olympic level athletes might as well be fucking ALIENS when it comes to dealing with them.
In this case, Olympic Wrestler. Dude is going to accidentally hurt you. Not much you can do about it. My points are for general case.
Apparently there is a whole section called Sports Motivation on soundcloud full of it. I loved it.
Most of us have trained with broken toes or fingers at one point or another. It's not the BEST idea, but if you buddy tape it and try not to kick things with it you'll be fine.
They are both pretty demanding, but in different ways. You can have great endurance for one and gas out in short order in the other. Once you get experienced it's possible to be lazy in either one though and get by on technique without working as hard as you did at the beginning, but I THINK that's harder to do in MT. That might be ecause I'm not good enough at striking to be able to do it though, so not totally sure there. Someone else my find the opposite to be true. BJJ is less injury prone though, and I think more noob friendly, so I recommend it.
So, those statistics are averaged, and are highly weighted towards people who get into multiple violent encounters over their lives. I'm a hundred thousand times more likely to die in an accident related to my horse than I am to be accosted by someone on the street. I spend my time worrying about realistic dangers to my health. I'm fully confident that I can completely destroy untrained people. I've done it before and I can do it as needed, but it's not WHY I train.
&gt; the other is prescribing that in these cases it works (kata). Kata is usually just a stepping stone to experimentation in jujitsu, This is drilling. The thing you are describing is drilling. When you drill a throw, or a guard pass, you are defining the conditions under which the technique works, and then performing it with those ideal circumstances. The difference is that you then move forward and increase the resistance. Kata is the very beginning part of learning a technique. Somewhere along the way the rest of it got left behind. It's a relic. Get rid of it. Other things serve the supposed purpose of Kata far better than Kata does.
http://www.martialartssupplies.com/fuji-singleweave.html
&gt; I'm almost more worried about doing something wrong/accidentally hurting my partner than getting a tap (I'm 3 months in and have still never tapped anyone.) Is my lack of aggression going to hold me back in this sport? At the absolute highest levels, yes. &gt;I just want to have fun and get a workout, but I also want to learn and get good and maybe compete one day. For this goal? Not at all. Being focused on doing things RIGHT and keeping your training partner safe is the correct focus. If you do things right, and are assertive with your technique (ie. not giving up on a sweep just because your opponent is resisting some) then you will have plenty of success.
How are they using both hands? Are they on their side? Are they just reaching across to put both hands on one knee? If the first then switch to technical mount and scoop both of their wrists with one of your arms while the other one goes under their head, then sweep roll them up to back control. If the second then ignore the arm that is reaching across their body and just pop the same side wrist up. Once you get that if they are still reaching across their body then hop forward slightly and go to a mounted triangle.
By transition to side mount do you mean side control? Because that's the wrong transition (Well, the non-optimal transition). The strong transition is to technical mount which gives you attack options for the armbar or a transition to the back immediately if they continue pushing the leg.
It's not as common in Judo since they will usually secure the pin from Kesa, but the same general things that make Judoka good at top pressure from everywhere else apply in mount as well. They KNOW how to put their weight on you.
Yeah, nobody uses X-guard, or DLR, or leg lasso guard anymore... fad bullshit.
The gi sleeve should stop almost right on your wrist bone when your hands are at your side.
Seio Nage is one of the most common throws you see in BJJ tournaments. Frequently it's drop seio instead of ippon seio, but I would expect any blue belt to be able to take either version safely.
Some of us are just better suited to that flying triangle lifestyle.
You're missing some subtle distinctions. Most leglock positions are symmetrical, meaning that your opponent has an opportunity to attack your legs while you are attacking theirs. A lot of leg attacks require you to abandon top position before you even start attacking. That's contrary to the overall philosophy. For example, if you achieve mount, then abandon mount to dive for a toehold, you're going all-in on that submissions. If you have mount and start setting up an armbar then by the time you give up the mount position, if you even have to, you've gotten 70% of the way to finishing the submission already and are rarely going to lose it. So, as I've mentioned before, if we can assume that the consequences of any failed submission are identical then the submissions you want to attempt are the ones with the highest percentage of success from your position. There are plenty of places to attack for leglocks that are super advantageous and lead to bettering your position even if you fail, but there are very few dominant positions that fall into that category. You don't often see leg locks from mount or side control, or the back. You see them from inferior or neutral positions. What this means is that if you specialize in leglocks you are frequently specializing in working from a disadvantage and trying to turn it into an advantage. Now you have to have a lot higher skill level in that position than your opponent than you would from a more dominant position. I love leglocks. I'm usually the 'leglock guy' at whatever gym I'm training at, but there are distinct disadvantages to them that you need to understand in order to approach using them to their best effect. Most of my setups are from guard against a standing opponent, or from top halfguard. Neutral positions where I can use the leglock attempt to improve my position if I fail the sub.
If you just can't make it to the comp class, then you need to find a partner in crime. Someone else who wants to get in some more work that is willing to show up on the regular and train with you. Ask around the gym.
&gt; what? I can't even imagine how this could happen. It's something I picked up from a Rigan Machado vid a few years ago. You scoop under the inside leg, triangle your own legs across to hide your foot, and shoot your hips in tight. Your forearm becomes the fulcrum and you just jam their heel to their butt. And under IBJJF rules the saddle (just like all other reaping positions) is illegal in gi and no-gi. The only time I've seen reaping legal is the adult, advanced, no-gi division of US Grappling, and all NAGA adult no-gi divisions since they don't give a shit.
Or if they free their own leg and transition to 50/50. The ease of which is much greater than, for example, reversing side control.
And you skew the statistics to make it look like people have a higher chance of an assault. I'd guess you are or were in a higher risk group during that time. 18-25, male, inclined to be in places where shit like that can happen, etc... I would also wager that those encounters could have been avoided or de-escalated. I might be wrong, but I'm reasonably confident.
This? http://flo-static-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/api/55e5cc3bc1e38.jpeg
Welp, that's some racist shit right there. I grew up in, and have lived in, areas that were generally a 50/50 racial mix and I've never had any trouble, even walking through Atlanta at 1 in the morning. You getting randomly jumped multiple times seems a tad on the unbelievable side to me.
What are you even talking about? There are no drug references in the EBI broadcasts.
I think everyone who has been training for more than a few months would at least know back to Prof Traven since that's just one hop and it's mentioned occasionally in class. Beyond that probably have to go look it up.
The old symbol (and any symbol on any new cards that is a number inside a circle) is GENERIC mana, it can be paid with ANYTHING. The new &lt;&gt; is COLORLESS mana, and can only be paid for with COLORLESS mana like what you get from a sol ring. Going forward cards like sol ring will read "Tap to add &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;" to your mana pool, so it will be easier to see it visually.
&gt; Krav also has a decent striking skillset This is, unfortunately, not universally true. Krav has a quality control problem. The good ones teach all of the stuff you're talking about, plus MMA lite style striking+clinch+grappling work to make sure you have the physical tools successfully defend yourself as well as the mental tools to avoid that need whenever possible. But there are just as many, or more, Krav places that are all about groin kicks and eye gouges and fantasy larping. Makes it hard to recommend to inexperienced people because they are unlikely to be able to tell the difference between a good school and a bad one.
No. The COSTS will still be paid with GENERIC mana. Any mana that they PRODUCE (Mana Vault, Mana Crypt, the old Pain lands, Ancient Tomb) is just being more clearly defined using the new symbol to make colorless mana distinct from generic mana.
So, one of the reasons that the first and third one are illegal is that doing that is one of the ways that you can end up breaking your own fucking neck by spiking yourself on your head with your body weight behind it. Shit's dangerous as fuck to BOTH people. The second one I'm on the fence about. I didn't see that one as having extra force imparted to it, but maybe it looked different to the ref on the spot.
&gt; No one should have to take the shit partner every time There's no such thing as a shit partner.
You're a blue, so it's time to learn how to maximize your drilling results even when your partner is clueless. Break down the technique into the smallest pieces you can manage and guide them through each piece. Pay attention to this because each of those pieces is a place where you can make a technique succeed or fail. Dissecting a technique in order to teach it to someone else is very valuable. Talk them through their body positioning when they are the Uke. Put them where you need them to be for the technique to do what it's supposed to do. Knowing exactly where and how your opponent has to be for a technique to work is very valuable. There are lots of ways for you to get value out of helping someone who knows nothing, at the same time you are building better and more effective training partners for yourself.
I don't like d'arce chokes. I almost always hurt my hand/wrist when trying to work them. And they always crank my neck to some degree when people work them against me.
That sweep is money in the bank and will help you transition from closed guard out to your open guards without giving your opponent a chance to take the initiative against you.
I'm almost back up to 145lbs! Drank a quart of chocolate milk, ate a footlong sub sandwhich, then a giant carnitas burrito all in the same day over the weekend. Also managing to train more so far, as was my resolution. Getting my 2016 gameplan built so I can start drilling it.
For me, I think the longer training sessions really help me. We get to introduce 2-3 connected techniques, then drill them all a lot, then do some specific drilling, then roll for half an hour to 45 minutes. It means if there is a day when I have to leave 30 minutes early for work I still get a couple of rolls in and all of the good technique work.
I expected to come in here and make fun of you for being poor, but I actually think this is a fine idea. It also gives the people staying in standard a better way to move their standard product at rotation. People will know what stuff is going to be desirable in modern, so you can get value out of it as it starts to become modern legal. Not a bad idea.
Recovering range of motion is all about moving through the desired range and pushing the boundaries gradually. Get something you can squeeze, like an anti-stress ball, NOT a grip trainer, and squeeze it as much as you can during the day. Spend at least a few minutes every day making a tight fist and trying to push the limits of your current range of motion.
I went through AGONIZING months of this with my wrist after my forearm got broken.
Ah! Here's one of the penniless masses now.
I currently have 5lbs of 'trail mix' that consists of candied pecans, cashews, almonds, sunflower seeds, peanut butter m&amp;ms, and regular m&amp;ms and I am consuming it by getting a big Styrofoam cup and more or less drinking it. Getting my weight back up is a fucking grind.
&gt;We think that only the filthy and fabulous rich should be able to play with cards printed before 2004. If you don't like it you can go play pokemon, peasants.
I thought that too, which is why I watched the gif in slow motion with pauses a bunch of times. It looks like he is also scooping/pinching with his outside leg, which turns it into a whole different kind of movement that connects his body to Ramos and uses the weight and angle to shift Ramos forward and that makes the lift possible. I'm determined to try it a few times tomorrow and see how much it changes that sweep, because I've tried it several times and always tried to put that outside foot flat on the mat and push. I'ma try it this way and see what I think.
&gt; People would think that making someone pass out from a choke was fake. Zero people thought this. What makes this a trick is that you don't actually need any specific martial arts skill or training to do it, and it has no application at all to martial arts or fighting. It relies on your Uke's stance and weight to be arranged in a specific way.
Based on this and what /u/Brasil_Nuts has mentioned it looks like Ralek may have gotten just as screwed as everyone else because his backer decided to bail. If that's the case it completely sucks for everyone, but Ralek handled it really poorly by not disclosing up front what was going on.
Came within a hears breadth of hitting it on my instructor, would have gotten it if he hadn't recovered super well at the last second as he went over. Then hit it on one of our brown belts, but again my finish was sloppy so it turned into both of us standing, but I had better grips off of it and was able to execute a throw off of it to get to top. That outside leg makes a huge difference in how much control you have over the opponents weight and base.
Feet on hips -&gt; Spider guard -&gt; Spider Guard stuff Feet on hips -&gt; Butterfly -&gt; Butterfly stuff Feet on hips -&gt; Closed guard -&gt; Closed guard stuff Feet on hips -&gt; Leg Lasso guard -&gt; Leg Lasso stuff Feet on hips -&gt; DLR -&gt; DLR Stuff The feet on hips with either sleeve and collar or double sleeve control is really strong and has a ton of transition options.
Your 'game' at whitebelt is defense. Defend against submissions, escape back to guard. You completely lack the structural tools it takes to build a 'game'. That's like asking what kind of paint you should use on your walls when you're still looking at a half built foundation. Finish your foundation first. Guard retension, submission defense, escapes back to guard. Those are what you need to be focusing on.
Well, first of all the RNC doesn't involve the lapel in any way. If you are going for the RNC, and you can't get that choke, but can get the lapel/collar then what you are doing is transitioning to the Bow and Arrow choke. Look up videos for Bow and Arrow choke and it will tell you how to finish it.
Damien Maia's 'Science of Jiu-Jitsu' series is on youtube and it has some of the best fundamental concepts and techniques you'll find.
Now this I would buy... Fauxyoroll sounds like an awesome spoof brand. Get the cheapest pakistany shit gi and just PLASTER it with bad crayon drawing style color graphics and nascar level patches.
EBI is still developing, and everyone knows what the pay structure is going in. I would be astonished if a few more shows down the road EBI doesn't start expanding what and how they pay.
There's a distinction between backing out to go around the guard, and running away. If you fully disengage and give up your control of the legs then you're not doing yourself any favors and are just going to end up right back in guard. If you disengage, but maintain control and immediately move to working the pass, then you have taken the initiative and now your opponent has to react defensively.
I like my combos to follow this guidelines: 1. Ends the game in a reasonable timeframe. If you have to durdle around with your combo for 45 minutes before you can tell me that you've won then I don't like your combo. Be able to demonstrate your loop, explain how you are getting your win condition, and what your win condition is so that we can go to the next game. 2. Consists of 3 or more cards. Preferably more. This is just because I like silly Rube Goldberg machines and think it's more fun to build a combo up piece by piece and then turn on the machine than it is to drop 2 cards and suddenly win. For example, my Meren deck is a combo reanimator deck that uses Eternal Witness, Twighlight's Call, one of a couple of different ways to draw cards, one of a few different ways to generate mana, and finally Gray Merchant or one of the Cut-Throat style cards in order to infinitely dump all of my creatures into and out of play, killing everyone. It's easy to demonstrate, and kills the table, but there are multiple steps for people to interact with.
Take advantage of their generally more upright posture to shoot low singles from outside of grip range.
Don't listen to this guy! Just look at his username. *JUDO*dave eh? In here feeding misinformation to try to help the Judo guys win I bet! The obvious superior solution is to immediately pull guard from halfway across the mat and scoot rapidly towards your inferior judo opponent.
OMFG, no one gives a shit. Super no one. Train and get better. Train Gi, Train No-Gi, train it all. Bring your BETTER self back to your old gym to make all of them better. Creonte is dumb shit. One love, my friend.
You need to quit with all of this shit, quit with asking a new question on the subreddit every other day, and actually just go train and listen to your instructor and concentrate on what is happening in class. You also need to stop giving a shit about tapping people.
That's just a standing forward roll. I could teach you to do it in about 5 minutes. Learning and practicing this and other ways to fall effectively is flat out the thing most likely to save your life in the real world.
Crossover from the surfing communit and Eddie Bravo's outspoken acceptance just make it more common for people to talk about it.
Against people who don't know how to grapple damn near anything works. I like going to the bodylock and trip since I feel like it's a nice secure takedown that lets me adjust how hard I drop someone.
Dude, how are you a blue belt? Have you never worked against an untrained person 50lbs heavier than you are? People fall down for NO FUCKING REASON. Just grab them and trip them. 100% basics work all day e'ry day.
90 days, 8 hours a day, is 720 hours of training. I wouldn't be super upset if someone actually jammed through a course like that and got a blue belt. 90 days of 2 hours a day? Not so much.
Oh yeah, the second they get past your guard it's fucking hell. And in my experience the ones who crosstrain into BJJ even a little bit become a million times worse because you can no longer trick them with stuff they just don't see in Judo.
I've lived with chronic pain since I was sixteen. I'm not letting that kind of bullshit prevent me from doing the things I love.
Purple Belts doing no-gi in a school where leglocks, including reaping, are encouraged, and somehow you think it's HIS fault that you didn't want to tap? That's not about him being rough, that's about you being stupid.
I didn't say it was an effective attempt.
A determined opponent will shift all of their weight towards one of your shoulders and force a roll, but even if they don't you're not buying yourself anything good by standing up instead of defending the choke. If you went to any position where both of your hands were on the mat I would immediately choke you out.
Because the training pace in wrestling is just DIFFERENT. You go full speed 90% of the time. Pushing the pace constantly, because at the lower and intermediate levels of wrestling cardio is king. The person who can just go and go and go and execute will win far more often than not. The really major skill matchups don't come into wrestling until the higher levels when both guys are just unstoppable cardio machines, so no one can really outwork the other. In BJJ our longer rounds and different rules make that a less effective strategy to start with, so you get a slower pace that is more interested in being tricky and technical first, then at the higher levels you start to see the cardio machines start to appear because everyone is so equally technical that being able to outwork your opponent becomes the way to grab that edge.
Beat them to the underhook is the simplest solution. I find that the easiest solution is to keep my DLR above their knee, but that's not as simple as it sounds.
Depends on what you are training for and where you are training. I imagine it's could get you DQed in an IBJJF competition, but NAGA might not care, and in MMA it's just good practice.
Like, look at Kiki-Jiki here: http://www.mtgprice.com/sets/Champions_of_Kamigawa/Kiki-Jiki,_Mirror_Breaker The Buy price on the left is a bazillion dollars, and some wanker has listed it on ebay for 100$. Which has somehow become the fairtrade price, even though you can buy them for 20-25$ no problem. That seems like more than the normal buyout at work to me, it smacks of an deliberate attempt to manipulate the price. I would expect a bump since splinter twin now has to rely on 4 kikis to be playable, so of course a lot of people are going to try to buy them to switch into kiki-exarch decks, but that doesn't account for the fair trade price somehow ending up at $100.
The low mana cost makes Prophet playable outside of reanimation strategies in a way that Jin Gitaxias is not. Vorinclex also has quite a high mana cost, and doesn't give much value unless your opponents are all relying almost exclusively on land for their mana. Sphinx is definitely high value, and I think is probably the best comparison, but it also isn't as powerful as untapping your shit every turn. Sire of Stagnation isn't even close.
Sometimes it's hard to tell when people are part of the, "WEED SOLVES EVERYTHING CROWD!" or not on here. I've had run ins with some people who felt like me moderate stance on the subject was akin to advocating that everyone who indulges should be rounded up and shot.
I'm like ninety percent sure that it's the Shaolin Sweep, or at least some variant of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJ_lOS70qT4
You're definitely stronger than I am already, and I just spent an hour completely destroying our crossfit coach on the mats. This guy is stronger than I am, in better shape in EVERY possible way, but it just doesn't matter because he's a whitebelt with a few stripes. So even if he can run over other white belts with his fitness, it doesn't do him any good against anyone else. So, no, lifting weights isn't going to make you better at jiujitsu. If you can fit in some lifting around your BJJ then lifting is awesome, it's good for you in many ways, and being stronger is always good, but if your goal is to be good at jiujitsu then nothing beats mat time.
If you're naturally relaxed when you roll then at some point you are going to have to make an effort to be assertive and dictate the pace and direction of the rolls. Letting your opponent choose the pace, decide where the roll happens, and when things happen, is going to always leave you a step behind unless you are a LOT better than they are. I have that kind of game and I found that as I continued to compete I had to seriously be a full belt rank better than people if I wanted to actually beat them with that style. So I was getting steamrolled by purple belts or even high blue belts who were just more aggressive and pushed the pace on me. I made a conscious effort to be more assertive and I've had a lot more success since then, though I still sometimes get steamrolled by someone who is just as skilled as I am and slightly more aggressive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iB5nlIeZR8 This video has the mount escapes that I consider to be the fundamentals. Learn these, mix them together, use them all. Using just one, then starting over if it fails, will never get you out. You have to use one, keep whatever progress you have, then try another one that starts from where you are now, so that you get MORE progress. My main two are the upa into the knee-&gt;elbow. That works on... damn near everyone. Some people are so tight that I have to move to the foot drag, but that's a last resort.
Yeah, you step your right foot all the way over your left, and over your opponents foot on that left side, and use your heel to dig up under their ankle and drag their foot up on top of your leg. Ideally you will be able to get on your side a little bit too, but usually if you have to resort to this it's because the person has REALLY tight side control and you can't get on your hip. Sometimes you can also scoop your toes under the ankle and lift the foot, which is better, but again not something you can usually pull off against someone who is tight enough that you can't get any of the better escapes.
Yeah, it's when you aren't comboing it with the hip escape that it becomes the desperation foot drag.
This is one of the reasons that new white belts sometimes give experienced whitebelts a lot of trouble. When you are brand new you don't know what you SHOULD be doing, so you just act, and you commit 100% to whatever you are doing. That kind of decisive commitment has a quality all its own that can make new white belts successful for several months against more experienced white belts. As a more experienced white belt you KNOW there is a right move for wherever you are and whatever you are trying to do. But it's not ingrained, so you have to hesitate and thing, "Do I put my hands here? Where is my leg supposed to be..." and that whole time the person who has no idea what they should be doing is just doing whatever they can. As you get better, you'll hesitate less, and be more prepared for what your opponent is trying, so that will go away over time.
HIIT is high impact. On your joints as well as everything else. I recommend, HIGHLY recommend, that you ditch HIIT in place of a solid weight training program for 6 months.
I'm 5'7, 145 and this is the guard break I have used since I was a white belt, and it still works at every level. Get grips on the pants right in the crease of the hips. Bring your elbows to the inside in a line against your opponents legs so that you can put a little outward pressure on the legs. That's just an incidental thing though, the purpose of elbows on the inside is so that they can't pull you down. Now bring one of your knees over in line with their tailbone while you use your weight on your elbows to keep their hips pinned. Once you have the knee in place you open your other knee out so that your toes are touching, and your knees are at a 90 degree angle to each other. Now sit back onto your heels and round your back a bit. Your opponents legs will open. If they have such long legs that they still have their ankles locked, that's fine. As soon as you get room you pop your front knee (the one in their tailbone) up to combat base. From here you can knee ride through and pass guard, or you can use that shin and continue to make yourself bigger until the guard breaks, then you can stand up and pass while standing.
Oh, I don't give a shit about the rest of reddit. I'm not the reddit police. I do make an effort in /r/bjj to make sure that nothing gets downvoted too hard unless it's total garbage.
Reddit as a whole is an enormous cesspit, yes.
Yeah, back control is definitely my weakest. My primary control methods are transitional, the ability to move to KoB, Mount, North south, back to side control, etc... means that my top game on that side is just a lot more dynamic with a lot more ways to maintain control and attack. My back control is super one dimensional. I fight for a collar grip and try to bow and arrow choke. Sometimes I can transition that into a successful armbar, but most of the time I end up having to transition to mount/techmount to avoid ending up on the bottom of guard.
I don't, mostly because my biggest problem is that I'm bad at keeping my opponents from grabbing my sleeves/wrists from there without giving up the control. If I hide my arms while I'm trying to set things up I frequently lose my control. If I can get an arm across in place for an ezekiel or head and arm setup I would almost always rather just grab the collar.
Dude, why don't you have your blackbelt flair yet? You gotta get flaired up to add to the rainbow of black belts we have going here. Also, this video is directly relevant to a question that was asked in white belt Wednesday yesterday, so good timing.
Maybe he personally wouldn't, but if he's the kind of person he would he's also the kind of person who wouldn't admit it publicly. He's also not the only one on the committee, and their process isn't particularly transparent, so I'm not willing to take it on faith that nothing shady is going on.
I have absolutely none. I solely feel that the rules committee is generally shady and lacks oversight, so it's the kind of thing that I would not be surprised to discover.
I just don't understand why you would need to add anything between boxing and Judo. Both boxing and judo already have major strengths at every range from out fighting, to in fighting, to clinch, to takedowns, and then ground work. WC doesn't add anything to either of those arts.
Gymnastics, Capoeira, and Breakdancing are all very similar in skill to Wu Shu and all of them are a lot of fun. Look for a Breaking or Capo group and see what you can find.
They showed up in a modern deck last weekend.
I also find that generally angling your pressure towards their feet makes it a lot harder for this escape to succeed.
&gt; not allowed to do stuff like grapevining I dunno WTF grappling they are training, but the grapevine is a standard control technique of BJJ, Wrestling, and Sambo. I don't think it shows up as often in Judo, so maybe it's illegal for Judo comps, but everywhere else it's a totally legit. Hairpulling... Well, I have a pony tail that goes down to my waist. I curl it up in a bun for training. If you want to grab my hair in training, then I'm going to assume that we are playing by 'street' rules and you're ok with that. Then I'm going to elbow your fucking eyes out of your skull.
So, you broke the trend. Up until this post it pretty much looked like that only the white belts and some low blues were taking me seriously. I'm competing at 154 because I don't want to cut any weight, and once I'm hydrated and eat breakfast the day of I'll probably be 146 or something like that. Maybe 147. I don't care about competing under weight, I just don't want to be worrying about my weight at all. I cut for Masters worlds and it sucked, so this time I'm eating whatever I want and as much as I want and not caring.
It's just been the past year and change since I got back to training after my long layoff that I started training like this, and it really has made me a lot better. My progress feels very tangible.
Metamoris Takeover? What's what now?
I'm a linux engineer. It's never caused me any problems. I train with lawyers, doctors, all kinds of other professionals and none of them seem to have any problems.
Mostly RHEL 6 and 7, smattering of CENTOS boxes, and like two ancient AIX boxes still in the stack somewhere.
I always look to be on my side and shrimping the moment I think my halfguard is going to be passed. I want my hips to follow my opponent around.
Turn your body. Your shoulders shouldn't be square with his when your elbow comes over.
Yeah, you could easily make that assertion. I went through most of the material for both of them, so I don't really remember what the distinctions between them were because most people don't actually care.
The bans won't go into affect on MODO until the downtime next week I think. There's usually a small gap between paper and online magic.
There's still the plain and basic courtesy of being on time to something. Certainly it sounds like the OPs example is a bit extreme, but it's also not cool for people to randomly wander into class whenever they feel like it.
Sparring at greated that 85% intensity is the kind of thing that you should only do maybe once a month. Most of your sparring should be in the 50-85% intensity range. Enough that you can move quickly to take advantage of openings and punish mistakes while not allowing people to get away with fantasy nonsense, not so heavy that you are KTFOing people.
If I were in a situation where it mattered I would happily trade a boxers fracture for knocking my attacker unconscious. Not to mention that you can easily continue fighting with a boxers fracture.
None of those gis are better than the Fuji Victory.
I think everyone should roll with a 140-170lb purple belt their very first day. After that they should roll with upper belts only for the first few months before they roll with other experienced white belts.
Are they pushing the other leg down or pulling it up? If they are pushing it down then you want to use the shin on shin to turn under them like you are going to x-guard. If they are pulling the leg up then you want to transition from the shin on shin by shooting your leg through and swing it around to single leg X. Those are my two response to having that spider hook peeled off. See if one of them works for you.
You get plenty of time to have crazy rolls with whitebelts once you're a blue belt. The whitebelts don't get any less crazy, you just aren't as much at risk for random injury.
Those are all fine techniques. With that grip break there is a difference between kicking the shit out of someones arm and forcing the grip break that can be the difference between a legit move and being an asshole. If you are wearing a cup the bodylock can be a dick (pun intended, fuckers) move because you grind your cup right into their spine. More importantly I'm bothered by you using the leg that was on his face to break the grip. That's the wrong leg. You need to keep that leg heavy on the face for control, use the body side leg for grip breaks. You have a lot more time and to react to an escape attempting against the body side leg, so it's just safer to use that one.
Kimura grip, hug their elbow to your chest, lean back and turn towards their feet while keeping your leg heavy on their face. If you need to bring your bottom leg in to help add a little pressure that's fine.
Put your fist in on the side of his neck on the same side as his outside arm and use that to close the remaining space, or reach up behind your knees, lock your hands together, and squeeze (The Teepee finish). Edit: Clarification of the fist position.
I roll against our crossfit instructor a lot, does that count?
How to find the gym. What time the classes are. The name of your instructor. That you are not going to be good at this immediately (Or any time soon) There is no winning or losing in class.
Well, as a brown belt blues kind of are your white belts, as a lowly purple belt there are still blues who are real opponents for me. :)
&gt; Competitive in the sense "Desire to win." Most sparring isn't structured around 'winning' as you seem to think of it. Sparring is structured around skill development.
You are an insane person.
All legitimate Judo places are going to require membership in some kind of governing body, just so you know. It covers their insurance and rank tracking and stuff. It's a good thing.
&gt; So people aren't handing gold medals for TKD, Judo, or boxing sparring at the Olympics. What? Some Medalist don't win big money from their represented country at the Olympics. No, they aren't. That's not sparring. That is a fight. It's a fight with some rules, but it's still a fight and the people in it have little or no regard for their opponents safety. Everything else in your post is just nonsense. You clearly don't know what sparring even IS, much less how to do it properly.
Yes, and Unicorns are incredibly common, because I define a Unicorn as a four legged furry mammal of the family canus... Just because you make shit up and pretend that words mean something they don't that doesn't change reality. Fights don't require a fatality to be a fight.
You don't have to be standing to be in a position to escape. Knee on Belly is a dominant pinning position with high mobility, easy disengage, the ability to finish with strikes or chokes, and good visibility of the surrounding area. It's the preferred position for self defense when other people are around you for sure, and a lot of us like it just generally.
I've heard of coaches being hired away from gyms before, but this is... pretty fucking weird.
It's also called Reverse Kesa, so you'll find more stuff under that name as well. Someone asked about it on WBW last week and here's the answer I gave them: If he is below your shoulders then you frame on his back. If his body is on your right side then your left elbow will be right at his right shoulder, your left wrist will be near towards his hip along the line of his back. Your right hand will go on top of your wrist to make the frame to keep him from scooting back towards you when you start escaping. Now turn towards him, maintain your frame, and shrimp away hard. If he doesn't react he will lose control of you. If he DOES react it will be to either go to regular side control, and you should have enough space to slide your knee in because when he turns your frame moves from his back to his side right under his armpit, or he will try to step over to mount. Be ready for the step over to mount and bring your left knee up as high as you can as soon as he you feel it happening. You can then catch his leg under the knee and elevate that leg to break his balance and let you either sweep him over, or reguard, depending on various factors.
'Starvation Mode' is what happens when you're eating so few calories that your brain can't get its energy from glucose and your body starts breaking down protein instead. That happens when you eat NOTHING for like 3 days. Not when you have a 200-300 calorie deficit, or even a 400-500 calorie deficit. What you are describing is not getting enough calories to repair your muscles after the load you put on them. That's why you feel shitty. It's not starvation.
&gt;I am even considering dropping out of school next semester to free up more time to train. Don't do this. Even if you think you're going to try to make a living off of jiujitsu you want backup plans, and an education in something useful will help you no matter what you do. Jiujitsu isn't going anywhere, it will always be there for you to train. Get your education now.
If you want to train with striking then train with striking, not with random imaginary striking.
What kind of upper body control are you using? Underhook? Head control? Cross collar grip?
There is literal zero proof of that. Even the most accurate representation of a similar quote only appears in a document written 100 years after the death of the khan and it reads thusly: "A man's greatest work is to break his enemies, to drive them before him, to take from them all the things that have been theirs, to hear the weeping of those who cherished them."
[[Shivan Dragon]]
I'm not interested in watching. I'm interested in doing. I don't, honestly, care how entertaining the matches are for some random to watch. I'm interested in how enjoyable it is for me to participate.
So, you're saying the ONLY reason that the guys who have these strong top games aren't winning is because people are allowed to sit down? They just CAN'T out grapple someone who is allowed to sit down in front of them? If they can, then that's all they have to do. If the people who grapple that way are losing, then they'll do it differently, but if you can't beat them and all you can do is cry because they are allowed to sit down... That's weak shit.
Omoplata, then turn it into a sweep if I can't finish it.
No, I'm telling you that you learn all of the self defense relevant stuff in the first two years. What are you doing for the remaining 38 years that you plan to train? If all you care about is self defense then train for 2-3 years and then go do something else.
&gt; aside from /u/kintanon who introduced himself Yeah, I think next time I'll intro the podcast and myself, then have each person do their own intro.
Mine has some good content in it mixed in with the random training updates. It's mostly written with myself as the audience, but sometimes I write some things that are more widely applicable. The Homework series, and Operation Be More Assertive are probably the two that people get the most use out of. Also the Circle/Pyramid, Laser/Shotgun article about teaching methods. www.joshjitsu.info.
If someone loosens their hooks to try to kick me from there I just hip out to that side or bring my knee up or both. Seems like a quick way to just let your opponent escape.
Look up Saulo's 'Running Man' escape. It will give you options.
You have 2 options. You can either be a full belt rank worth of skill better than everyone you roll against, OR you can make your game more assertive and put in the effort to control the roll and dictate the pace. Even the most relaxed guys have moments where they assert their game. If I'm going to sweep someone I might be totally relaxed just working bit by bit to get to where I want to be to execute, but when I execute I have to believe that I deserve to succeed, and refuse to accept any alternative. My opponent is going to resist, if I feel that resistance and just give up, then what was I spending all of that time working for? I have to be willing to assert my claim to success.
Yeah, as much as Conor would destroy in every other rules environment, I doubt he could even TOUCH Mayweather in a straight up boxing match.
&gt; Or you can sit up when they stand up. This just seems like the highest return. If you already had butterfly, and they stand up, you should he close enough and engaged enough to just grab a leg and stand up with the single. Though I don't understand why /u/AyellowGorilla doesn't have upper body control from butterfly to stop them from standing up...
It's hard to get TO butterfly in MMA, but we've seem it used to good effect several times when people get there.
About a year, though I kept defense as my highest priority for the first 2 years.
That guard break is still my most successful guard break against everyone, including brown belts. You need to get you grips at the crease of their hips, then line your forearm up on the inside of their leg so that your elbow is close to their knee on the inside of their legs. Now keep your weight on your elbows focused down into their hips through your hands. This will keep their hips in place while you shift your knee over and get it lined up. Once you have that you create an L with your other leg so that your toes are touching each other and your legs form a 90 degree angle. Now sit back onto your heels while keeping your arms framed against your opponents legs and rounding your back to take up as much space as possible. Your grips on the pants here will keep them from shifting their hips. Once you get enough space you pop your lead knee up into Combat Base and then shift your grips to the knees and stand up. Now execute your favorite standing pass.
Clear their feet off of your biceps is the first priority. You can do that by stepping backwards and sweeping your arms around under so that you are trying to grab their pants at the calves, then straight your arms and pop their feet off.
Coming back after that much of a layoff you're lucky you aren't get smashed by all the white belts. &gt;even if I am winning most of the fight. OK, found your problem. This is nonsense. First of all, you are not in a fight. You are in a training roll in class. Second, you can not win or lose here. Thinking about your rolls in this manner is counter productive to actually improving your jiujitsu. Worry more about learning from each roll, not 'fighting' or 'winning'. You roll against someone who does something really well and you want to do that thing well too? Watch them closely, ask them about it, absorb knowledge from them. &gt;Why is it that my passing and control game seems so much better than my submission game? As it should be. Your priorities are defend -&gt; escape -&gt; advance -&gt; submit.
&gt; beat all the other white belts but not this guy, and to be crushing him for most of the fight This attitude will keep you at blue belt forever.
Oh absolutely, I've rolled with guys whose 50% strength is still more than my 100%. I DO tell flexible people not to rely on that stuff too. I used to train with a guy who got in the habit of pulling bottom of side control because he was so flexible he could take the back from there. Eventually somewhere in mid purple belt he had to completely retool his entire game because people were skilled enough to counter it. Again, minimum attribute usage in training so that when you do have to use your attributes you're doing it to get that final edge, not as a first option.
&gt; You don't have to train them with progressive resistance. Here we reach a fundamental philosophical difference. Any technique that you do not train with progressive resistance such that you have practice using it against a fully resisting opponent is not one that you should rely on in a real life encounter.
We did meet up at the comp, all day long. Me and Rand486 met up at the Heart Attack Grill later that evening, but I tried coordinating that shit months in advance and couldn't get people to get their shit together to agree on a when and where.
He's playing super smash brothers on Twitch.
Three or so months. I competed after three months and triangle choked my first opponent. So, I probably caught someone with a triangle some time before that.
Are you drinking some kind of sugary sports drink during or after training? I get that weird hollow feeling when I have something that's too sugary during or after training.
It's not necessarily about wanting to measure your progress or find your place. It's the idea that you are 'beating' someone or not in class. &gt; I can't submit them, why? What can I learn from this? The blue belts are a mixed experience, how come? Where am I failing? This is a better way to be approaching it. Don't think about winning or losing or beating someone. Define your goals for the class as specifically as possible, then figure out why you did or did not accomplish those goals. If you are working on submissions then pick a specific submission from a specific position AND A specific level of partner you want to apply it on. "I want to hit X triangles from guard against white belts tonight." is an excellent goal. "I want to submit everyone." is not. &gt;why am I losing here, why am I winning here I never ask myself this. Look at what I succeeded or failed at specifically, and break that down. A generality like 'losing' or 'winning' doesn't give me enough information to act on.
The semantics are important because they frame the way we react emotionally to what happens in class, and how we approach those rolls. I'm trying to help you learn how to learn better from your training. If you're not interested in that, then tell me to fuck off and stop reading here. If you are interested, then put some effort into understanding what I am telling you. Looking at, for example, a 6 minute round and viewing it in terms of winning or losing the entire round is completely useless. That view is too broad to draw meaningful information from. A 6 minute roll has hundreds of interactions, each of which can succeed or fail and the cumulative effect of which produces your impression of the roll over all. That overall impression has little or nothing to do with the actual successes or failures you had. I've gone into rolls where some baby blue belt was breakdancing on my face and kimuraing me every 45 seconds and been super happy at the end of the roll because my goal within that roll was to create a certain position a certain amount of times. I've had other rolls where I spent most of the time in top of KoB and was quite disappointed in myself because I was supposed to be working on my deep halfguard game and kept getting caught up in holding a position that I was already strong at. If you really want to improve you need a much narrower focus than what you are using. Asking 'what did I do wrong?' is just too big of a question.
Excellent! Now you're framing your goals in a more actionable manner. I also have very little luck getting the underhook against knee shield. I'm short and I have short arms, so I can't 'cheat' and grab that underhook while leaving the shield in place the way some taller people can. I concentrate on moving out and around against the knee shield, or going to the ol' gracie gift pass. By far my most successful method is moving out though. You establish your grip in the inside of the pants at both knee with your same side hands, then go to combat base and stand. Push their knees towards their chest and backstep your trapped foot, then pull their knees and either continue your backstep into side control, or knee sweep to knee on belly. What you don't want to do is try to pass straight through their knee shield. With a decent frame the knee shield is VERY hard to smash pass through. However if they let their knee drift down from your shoulder towards your sternum you can take a grip on the outside of the knee and stiffarm it straight down, then donkey kick your trapped leg out and bring it back in, then while keeping that knee pinned you backstep the other leg and drop your shoulder into side control. There are multiple steps to completing each of these passes, and you aren't going to hit them all the way the first time, obviously. So drill the shit out of one of them for a few days, then start working the first couple of steps. Just getting the inside knee grips and going to combat base will change the dynamic of the roll a lot, so that's a good place to start. Measure success by how many steps you execute, not whether you necessarily secured the pass or not. Once you're consistently executing all of the steps you can move to working on securing the pass, since that's really a different set of skills, just like breaking the guard is different than passing the guard.
I just get the CURAD 1/2 Waterproof Adhesive tape. It's MAYBE 1$ more than a roll of regular cheapo injury tape, but it will go through the wash 100 times without coming off, easy, unlike the regular stuff that comes off in the first or second wash/dry cycle.
Hmm... I couldn't find any off hand for them. I'll be training light next week in prep for the ATL open. I'll take my camera thursday to my morning open mat and see if I can film them. No promises though.
Fuji for your first Gi. My Fuji Victory has been going strong for about 5 years now. It's comfortable, I wash it and dry it on low heat after every class and it's still as sturdy as the day I got it. I can not say enough good things about it as a starter Gi. After that my Flow ultra light is my next favorite. That thing weighs almost nothing and is super sweet, but they are a bit pricier.
Maybe that's why I'm not a blackbelt yet...
Dude, I understand you can't find fights and you want some name recognition on the internet to help build your brand, bit this isn't going to help you.
Yup. This happened to me year before last, and happened to my coach and two of our other guys for Master/Senior Worlds last year.
10 power infect unblockable kills you right now.
I've been married for going on 6 years now.
36 watching One Punch Man with my wife.... Adulting is easy.
We talked in one of the threads about wishing there was a 'slider' for tech difficulty that added or removed choices on the tree. So maximum difficulty would have you making choices from the second level onwards, even limiting you to 1 of 3 options and stuff like that. And yeah, having the option to turn on turn 'top down' turn based combat is something I hope they do manage to put back in. More options is just better. Give people the chance to play the game the way they prefer.
Gotta eat more on days you exert yourself more. Body needs fuel!
&gt;I honestly don't even think I'm that good. Because you aren't. The best whitebelt in the world is just a bad blue belt. That's fine. You've been training for 10 months. You have 4 stripes. You're making pretty rapid process. You'll probably get your blue some time in the next 6 months. Good job. Now go train.
Because they have a gym to run. Running your own business is frequently a 70-80 hour a week endeavor.
Tuck the knee closest to their hip right into their ribs. When they try to roll or sit out keep that knee driven right into their ribs/stomach/whatever and work to transition to KoB instead of trying to stay on top of turtle.
Surfboard them.
Are you head-scissoring your way out of armbars somehow? That's unlikely to work on anyone who isn't a complete noob.
I have super long hair. If someone gets a big handful of hair then that shit is ON ME. I don't get mad at them and I don't step up the roll intensity. If I didn't want my hair grabbed I should cut it off. Same thing for your beard. If it's long enough that someone CAN grab it, then you don't get to be pissed if they go for the collar and get your whole fucking beard in their hand.
For a 1 hour class full of whitebelts that seems about right. If you want to do more rolling then go to the open mats and the 'training' class. Those are going to have a ton of rolls.
ambulance ride and surgery, usually.
The joke sailed right over your head, didn't it? You should watch the video and actually listen to what the guy says. He's making fun of it.
You should not have, the video is HILARIOUS.
&gt; but a self-defense guy that trains in clinches, punches, kicks is going to do better because that's the context that he trains in. What all of you are suggesting is that we should be training MMA, not BJJ.
I've been training almost a decade and I agree with him. Sport fundamentals and self defense fundamentals are identical. Posture control. Distance control. My no-gi guard and my MMA guard are identical and have recently converged with the way I play in the Gi as well. I don't train specifically for self defense, but I train with an eye towards relevant MMA techniques. If you want to train MMA, then train MMA. If you want to train some weird 'self defense' BJJ then you're probably wasting your time.
This is such a silly comment coming from a brown belt. Do you never roll with big aggressive first timers any more? They are trivially easy to take down and control. Letting them swing shitty punches at your head makes them only marginally more dangerous.
I'ma have to stop you right here... As a purple belt I can completely wreck a lot of white belts with my hands tucked behind my head the whole time. Rener and Ryron are definitely as much better than an average purple or brown belt than I am an average white belt. So I completely believe they could do such a thing.
DAfuq? I just re-read his post and I swear that's not how it reaed the first time I read it. Well wtfever. Sport and Self Defense fundamentals are the same.
The self defense techniques you guys seem to care about, defending against strikes, are effectively trained when you are training for MMA though. More effectively trained than they are by pretending to throw punches.
I try to catch the farside underhook as they complete the pass so that I can begin my escape immediately. I have fuck all luck breaking grips from there before they execute the pass.
Fake punches is what is advocated by the gracie combatives. They aren't doing MMA sparring with reasonable intensity. They are just throwing super light fake punches from mount and shit.
I don't think that's as universal as you're implying then. I think we have one store in the Atl area where competitive players make up the majority of their purchasing. Non-Competitive players make up the majority at most of the other shops. It's easy to see when you go in there every weekend. Competitive players make up a small flurry of activity right at set release, and then nothing for months until the next set drops.
Yeah, they'd be re-inventing the wheel from scratch together, but at least they'd be doing it without some dude standing their insisting the wheel should be square.
Switch your hips off to the side a bit, opposite the overhook, and turn it into technical mount. This converts his overhook into your underhook and sets him up for you to hit the spinning armbar on the far side.
I think maybe Combat Sambo has the best self defense relevant rules I can think of that aren't pure MMA. Big points for big throws, striking, and submission grappling all under one umbrella.
I guess I consider posture control already really important since it's the basis for like 90% of everything you're doing inside guard.
Lots of practice. When you start out you want to always have 3 points of contact in open guard. A sleeve, with both feet on the hips, or sleeve and collar with one foot, etc... Once you get better at controlling your opponent with your hips and moving when they move and a dozen other little things then you can get away with two or even one point of contact.
1. Roll your wrists to the outside, then put your thumb over his wrist and close your hand. This should turn his grip into your grip. 2. Kick your foot forward and towards the inside, then swing it out and around to post behind you. 3. Sitout. Your head goes under the armpit of the arm that is wrapped around it, at the same time that same side arm grabs their elbow and pulls down. Your opposite leg shoots through and you look to the sky as you sit down on your butt. Then you step around and take their back.
All of those things. I'm your size and it wasn't until well into my blue belt that I started to be able to reliably hold top position against bigger people. One thing that did help me was getting a big yoga ball and doing KoB-&gt; Side control -&gt; mount transition drills on it for a couple of month. That really helped my awareness of how to manage my weight on top.
It's called Reverse Kesa Gatame also if you want to look for more stuff from that position. I use it a lot.
&gt; It's 99% situational awareness and keeping yourself out of situations where you're going to get sucker-punched. I'm 100% on board with this. Self Defense is only like 10% what actually happens when the fighting starts. The vast majority of it is awareness, de-escalation, etc...
Yup, since you can't sustain infinite frenzy charges anymore all the time most flicker strike builds have to have some kind of alternate plan for single enemy focus.
Makeup matters because it gets on my GI.
Having the collar choke there is my motivation for going strongside as well.
For various values of 'work'. You HAVE to react to it, so it causes people to move to defend, opening up other options.
Sure.
Get a copy of Jiujitsu University. Master everything in that book before you start fucking around on youtube.
Read through the archived White Belt Wednesday threads. They answer pretty much every conceivable question you could have, usually from multiple perspectives.
Why do people do this dumb shit? It's literal -EV. There is no upside to it AT ALL. It's not even gambling because you can never win more than you put in. You are always better off to just open the pack and keep everything in it.
They only started covering it recently when they realized that literally millions of people were tuning in on Twitch to watch the LCS games.
I watched that show pretty regularly and somehow never saw an episode with Markula in it. Or at least I don't remember one, but you are correct. Carl is the dude.
I'm already paying $120 to go compete for no prize money. Either that comes with a code to let me download my matches in high quality, guaranteed, or fuck them. I'll record my videos and post them on my youtube channel if I want to. It's MY LIKENESS I'll do what I want with it.
So something that was free before, suddenly costs me 10$, for literally no reason, on top of the exorbitant competition fee and no prize money?
Explain it to me then.
That's part of the catch wrestling training.
When we train No-gi we play unified rules, so everyone can do everything. In the gi we try to generally stay mostly to the IBJJF rules. Purples and browns and blacks tend to bend those pretty liberally with each other though.
Standing headlocks, wrist, and throat grabs, and random collar grabbing are all things that day one whitebelts do. They will try to bearhug you too. I'm not saying don't practice this kind of thing. I'm saying they are ALREADY practiced in these supposed 'sport' schools. And they are practiced on a regular basis and under better pressure than any gracie combatives online course is going to offer.
Dude go to fucking class jesus. If your coach gives you your purple belt then you accept it with good grace like you should. Because the truth is that if you're at or near the top of the blue belt heap then you've got a lot of overlap with the bottom of the purple belt heap.
So, Worlds, Pans, Europeans... I don't remember if there was one for Masters World last year, but I'll guess yes. No-gi Pans and Worlds too probably? 6 Tournaments total?
&gt;Do people look down on you for being so bad at it? Definitely we expect you to be AT LEAST as good as people who have been training for 2 years when you first start. Of course not. People are awful for months to years after they first start. We're always just happy to have new people start.
Gotta get that shit on video before you whoop a mutha fucker.
A real high quality stream that doesn't stutter. The ability to choose the mat you watch. A "Featured" mat that includes commentary. $5 for major event streams with a 72 hour period to watch/rewatch it. For $10/month I would expect universal access to all current and past events, high quality, all mats and well organized. And no draconian nonsense about random blue belts not being able to post their self shot videos on youtube. BJJ isn't big enough, the events aren't popular enough, to be charging MORE than fight pass for access to a worse service.
If you've wrestled then why would you be rolling around on asphalt? You're the one with the grappling advantage. Were you so shit at wrestling that you got taken down by freshmen when you were a senior?
Depends on shooters proximity to me. I'm certainly not going to go looking for the motherfucker. If he's close enough that I think running will get me shot anyways then I'm more likely to try to fight.
Sending takedown notices. Making promises they don't keep. Raising money for projects they never finish.
&gt;I further understand that tickets will be sold to spectators to watch the tournament; that news media and others might cover the tournament and that it may also be videotaped or otherwise shown to audiences around the world. I hereby expressly and irrevocably forever consent to having my likeness shown, publicized, commented and/or reported on; and I do not expect to, and in fact waive any compensation I might otherwise be entitled to as a result thereof. Here is the relevant section from the 2016 Chicago open. I couldn't find a waiver for Master Senior worlds, so I'm not sure if by registering I automatically signed one or not. Nothing in there about not filming or my rights being transferred to anyone else, only that I allow my likeness to be used without compensation by media groups who may film the event. No prohibition against me or anyone else filming.
Uhoh, /u/aesopian /u/fritzdagger is jackin' your swagger!
/u/slideyfoot has actually kept track of his in a spreadsheet since 2006. I can only give a rough estimate based on my training log.
Once everyone remembers/figures out that they can turn off trade chat, or the flurry of beginning league trading ends, the number of active trade chats goes way down.
If your opponent is down and staying tight then moving your hips is going to be hard. You can upa a bit to make a bit of space to work your hips from one side to the other if you need to, but you should get control of the arm one one side first, and then you'll be able to hip out on that side.
If your free foot comes up then for a moment your hips are completely loaded on top of theirs and you can get rolled. So there is that risk to it that you have to be aware of. And if you use your foot to wedge the trapped leg out you aren't rewinding their hips, so they have a lot more options to catch your leg to take halfguard back or escape.
People frequently just say "Men are stronger than women!" like it's a universal fact that all men are stronger than all women, no matter what. What it really means is that on the scale of human strength, if it's from 1-100 then women go from 1-70 and men go from 1-80. There is a lot of overlap there for some women to be stronger than some men, which frequently gets lost in the conversation.
Why does everyone want to do home training? No, go the fuck to a proper gym and get proper training for fucks sake.
Win Pans/Mundials/Euros at Adult in your weight class and absolute and you can consider starting to talk about being a 'phenom'. Until then you're just another scrub blue belt who doesn't understand that tapping in training is not tapping in competition.
Fresh blue? I could definitely take him .
Stripes don't mean anything. They aren't measures of your ability and can literally be handed out for ANY reason. Worry more about learning jiujitsu.
Nah, in Vale Tudo you can standup and kick each other and shit. This is a more limited sparring activity.
How does the 'elemental resistances are 0' mod work? Does it reset them to 0 then start applying your other elemental gear or does it just lock them at 0 all the time?
Lol. My previous instructors daughter trained with us, and she started dating one of the guys who was training. Never seemed to be a problem for them.
It was one of the srd mods that was the initial idiot.
Take 4 months off. Relax, let yourself heal. Do some non BJJ stuff. Then come back. You're WAY ahead of the curve already, so losing a few months won't matter in the long run. Let yourself heal.
Are you not stomping through their hip with your heel?
I WAS! In the discord chat. But no one had any,
If you go back to it you HAVE to be willing to give up your ego. Tap early, tap often, be willing to concede bad technique to avoid injury. Otherwise you're just going to get fucked up.
Some rando squeezing with his legs is not 'loads of pressure' that's minimal pressure compared to most positions in BJJ. So if that's more pain than you can deal with then you need to either be doing physical therapy, or you might have sustained an injury that will prevent you from participating in BJJ. Those are rare, but spine injuries are serious business.
Getting contacted after slandering someone doesn't equal doxing or harassment. And there is no indication that any information was obtained by nefarious means.
Calling someone 10 times in one day after they accuse you of something is an effort at communication. Same for 'bombarding' someone with emails and PMs. And again, I have seen zero evidence of any abuse related to /r/mma.
Your problem is your body doesn't fucking know what to do.
I just grab whatever drops and spend no currency expect maybe the occasional Alch to rare up a decent white drop until lvl 50 or so. Then I convert all of my currency to Chaos and buy whatever chest piece and weapon will carry me to lvl 75ish most of the time.
It's a 10 in any deck that cares about that top few cards of your library like Narset. It's a 3 in any deck that works primarily as reanimator or tends to empty its hand regularly. It's almost never BAD, but sometimes it's just ok.
I love my Yisan deck, but after the first time someone sees him in action my first search always has to be sylvan safekeeper to stop him from just getting blanked every game after that. For a favorite ridiculous combo I've had [[Great Oak Guardian]] + [[Karametra's Acolyte]] + [[Temur Sabertooth]] in play with a few more incidental green creatures/mana dorks. Tap all the dudes, play the Guardian, untap all the dudes, tap all the dudes again, bounce guardian with sabertooth and so on... Infinite mana, infinitely large creatures, search up everything Yisan can search up, Kill everyone.
He likely has original FoWs if he inherited the collection.
I managed a saturday open mat, plus a Mon, Wed, AND Fri one time, for a total of 9 hours. If I were a 23 year old single guy working a part time job I could probably double that.
I play thai clinch grip with new guys, stops that stack completely. If they try to do it anyways then I have so much control over them that the armtriangle -&gt; sweep -&gt; finish is super easy.
As /u/r00teniy says, SC is much larger than HC, and it's also populated by more low skill players (Like myself) who are likely to have more chaos than exalts and be looking to buy gear and things like that which are crafted with the supply of exalts. The SC economy is very different from the HC economy because of the different player bases.
Crybaby part is about the content. The 'Yay me' is about having encountered no bugs. I know there are and have been bugs. There always here, in everything.
&gt; i know they're addressing the occurrence of backtracking props and seal costs but there's absolutely no shortage of amateurish oversights like that. like having an attack sound play AFTER a death sound (voll), having izaro attack you (up to three times ime) LONG after you've brought him past threshold. having the portal to the lab airlock disappear for party members after you've only OPENED the door to lab, NOT entered first room etc etc &gt; maybe i'm too demanding but that seems like very simple ass coding to fix, too-simple logic to overlook. A lot of this stuff is caused by the communities pressure to release new content because of all of the complaining about the game being 'stale' if nothing gets released for a few months. We're only like 2 weeks in to this league and people are already complaining that 'the league is dead' and 'the game is dead'. It's that kind of pressure that pushes the release of content that hasn't been fully tested.
Pull the toes down and extend your hips. It's actually an attack on the knee joint when you do it right. But honestly put a little pressure on, then transition to the back. The back transition is more valuable for you to master in the long run.
Yup, pretty much. It's the exact same mechanic as the berimbolo.
Nope, they are dumb.
Sprinters pass. Hug under his hips, kick your trapped leg straight backwards.
You'll have a lot harder time finding a catch gym to train at than BJJ or Judo. They are still pretty rare.
The only difficulty that takes any real time to get through is merciless. I'm a filthy casual and I can start a new char in a new league and be in merciless in a few days. I just consider it the warmup run for the character. Spending a few hours running through the first couple of difficulties isn't really a big deal.
&gt; you get 1 every time you finish a trial and click on the statue at the end This only applies after you complete the merciless trials, right? Otherwise I've somehow missed a whole lot of offerings.
Yeah, I started doing it mostly because I was annoyed at people that flat out refused to come grapple in class. You're wasting my valuable practice time with your track meet bullshit. So I started standing up and forcing the engagement, then repulling guard if that's what I wanted.
The BEST way to make currency is to be able to run a poe.trade shop, which takes a ton of time. The second best way is to stock up on chaos recipe pieces until you just need, for example, 5 shitty un-ided amulets then buy the un-ided amulets for like 1 fusing apiece to complete the sets and trade them in. That's the 'filthy casual' method of slowly acquiring currency. But if you have 5ex of currency right now you can slap together an uber-lab farmer real quick and go run uber-lab which should net you a lot more currency than dried lake runs.
I've just heard people talking about them and seen a couple on the forums. Since the builds are kind of out of my preferred playstyle I haven't looked at them very closely.
All of the above mostly, since the drops you get doing the runs are usually on the higher end price wise you don't have to spend as much time managing a shop to sell them for a profit, same for just dropping enchants on a cheaper unique like a rats nest until you hit one that is worth a bunch. You also have the chance of hitting currency chests and map chests which will make you a decent amount of money. It's a profitable run and builds that can run it are relatively cheap still.
Standing up is fine so long as you are still engaging in grappling. Standing up to disengage and then refusing to engage again is a waste of everyone's time. What you did was fine.
Yeah, if a Marine ends up in hand to hand combat it means like 10,000 things have gone wrong in a row and you mostly hope your buddy arrives before the other guys buddy does.
Judo Blackbelt can do whatever the fuck he wants to random blue belt from closed guard half the time. Pressure and base is insane, especially in a country like Taiwan that has a much stronger Judo community than their very small and new BJJ one.
Next you'll be telling me that rare 6Ls are worth more than 10c.
Yes, but not against someone who is as good at killing your hips as that dude is.
Maybe instead of tapping you could take the free trap and roll he's giving you by sticking his arm on your face.
Copa America has a "Sport MMA" division in the Gi. they have events down in FL pretty regularly. You should check them out.
Knee on solar plexus is the correct. Shin across the hips is the 'nice' version for being sweet to your white belts.
While I don't think uniques should be best in slot for everything, there should be build enabling uniques which are replaceable by very high level crafted rares, but will take you a long way with a given build. Uniques should be reliable ways of enabling builds. They should not be the MOST powerful item for that build, but there should be uniques near the top for most builds and there should be some uniques, preferably a lot of them, which while lacking raw power enable certain types of characters that more powerful gear would not. I think the voidheart is a very powerful ring, just the kind of ring that was needed to make melee builds powerful enough to compete. That in itself isn't a bad thing until 99% of all melee builds are are running it because there just is no better ring for melee regardless of build path or type. When there are more items that are of similar powerlevel in specific builds then you see less use of that one item. What we need is a greater diversity of items for melee builds, not a best in slot unique for everything.
It stops your hip way further from your opponent than a square stance does and is a bad angle to drive with your leg from. It definitely affects your ability to throw a power cross.
&gt; could somebody explain the design philosophy behind gating max level behind such a grind? Because max level is an achievement, not a necessity. Lvl 80 or so lets you complete pretty much any build and do most end game content. If you want to push for CRAZY HARD (by the standard of casual players) then lvl 100 is there for you to push for.
Anything that affects level 90-100 is only going to affect .0001% of the playerbase. A lot of what I'm reading in this thread is people who want to be able to reach those levels without doing any real work for it even though the reason those levels mean anything is the 'prestige' of having gotten them because they don't give you all that much in the way of benefits to your character. Start putting out gear with lvl 95+ as a requirement to wear it and maybe there will be some more incentive for people to push that high.
It's your responsibility to keep your partner safe in the gym even from themselves. It is WAY less important that you tap a noob than that the noob be safe to come back the next time. So if you have a deep submission and someone isn't tapping you release and transition and you don't worry about it, especially as a whitebelt. Someone will choke him unconscious a few times and he will learn.
&gt; You don't pass a closed guard. You open/break a closed guard, then pass an open guard. I feel like you have to say this at least twice every WBW.
