The mouse when you are watching a movie or youtube video and the person who put it on left the mouse in the middle of the screen.
Too literal man.
Black and White 1 (Never played 2 not sure about them) had a solid route if you pay good attention. You can go back and forth with a volcarona for ez hatching. I also liked to go to the train station and run by putting a small rock on b and right.
UGH! Another 2 rival game? What ever happened to the one solid rival in R/B/G/Y, G/S/C, or D/P/other P? I'm okay with Black and White One because Bianca and Cheren were fleshed out, but the other multi rival games were weak in comparison.
Yeah, being a 9 year old with Diamond, I picked Infernape and proceeded to always died on Bertha
Same, it took me 2 years to beat her and my parents grounded me when I beat her so I had to wait a week to go to the endgame shit.
How didn't ya make it? Those were 2 pretty easy games, did you just not have the time?
I love how I am the only one who said anything from gen 5 besides Cynthia (Undella Town)
I watched for 8 innings, nothing too eventful. LOOK AT MY PHONE FOR 3 MINUTES AND 6 rUNS!
Mine was 2003
HEY LOOK! A FOREIGN CHILD WITH A NAME THAT SOUNDS SIMILAR to V****! LETS MAKE FUN OF HIM OVer SoMEthiNG he cAN'T cOntroL!
Except for the first and last ones, the rest sound like problems with the family and not the couple itself
Well, all the asians in my class get straight A's... You guys are fucking smarter than us, of course they give ya'll higher marks
Good idea, can I use this too?
SOMEBODY GIVE THIS MAN A GOLD
&gt;... and his strong desire to be a swinger (a person who partakes in sexual activities with many partners, not a person who dances to swing music). SO THATS WHAT NOGLA WAS TALKING ABOUT!
Things like running around and killing cops as a squad are pretty fun...
Rest in peace. It was a good win streak. It bought joy to many lives. Let us remember Jakey A's streak 2015-2016
Diamond/Pearl are fun and more challenging to Nuzlocke than Platinum, so I would keep that in mind if you are going to do those
That's why I always count when the movie says an even will happen in *x* seconds. I love it when it is withing a second or so.
Polynesia, when he is landlocked he is like a pet.
I am trying for this too. You need no wheat, Desert Folklore, and William on a Sandblasted map. YOU BECOME GOD! My science is literal ages above everyone else, and my religion gave city states and orgy
No, I mean blowpops, they're lolipops with gum in the center, and the gum ruins it.
Really no problem, I just wanted to make a point on how it is one of the best lollipop flavors and the gum ruins it prematurely.
If you don't have the funds to join the Middle East server, joining a bar guild and achieving the "bouncer" rank will let you get random PvP events
It should be an hour, your eyes don't adjust to darkness for 40ish minutes.
False, Peeves listens to the Bloody Baron.
You can get a garchomp in victory road.
For 3 years, every Friday, I would get pan friend perch at the Mill in Door County WI.
Only between different countries or media.
*Pictures OP with 100 women packed into a 4 door* *Shudders*
No, Aussies want 100 jars of piss. (TF2)
Canada is the nice one, not Minnesota
I dunno.
Abusing the free gold
Shadow of Colossus in general
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Me too
The fuck did I just read?
No, they can't, I spend time in a rural area, and it takes 40 minutes looking at the sky before I see most of the stars
Wait, why am I being downvoted when there is no downvote button?
It really wasn't that bad, it took a lot of grinding, but was a good game. The 3rd one was the end IMO.
I know, he wasn't DFA-ed at the time I said this, and I wasn't sure if we would give someone else. I must have not mentioned it. It was early when I posted it.
Argo gives his life to save you.
I didn't hear that until after the thread was posted.
1: I have a neighbor who has two wild young kids, so maybe Venice, the parents chill and do one thing, while the kids mess around and do other shit. So Venice. 2: My other neighbor is an anti social asshole who never shovels their driveway/sidewalk, ect. They would be Dido or Nebuchadnezzar
More plz
No, I've been told by many doctors I have great eyes. I have a house on Lake Michigan, and when I sit on the beach away from all light but the stars, it takes a while for my eyes to see ALL the stars, I always see the brighter ones, but it takes about 1/2 an hour to see most of the stars.
I would say this is worse because any navy can easily attack it from 3 sides. Plus that's less workable tiles in the beginning
Undertale, it's so much better blind.
The "YOU CAN DO IT!" Guy. I don't even know his name.
What about when it was the beta and it was just the two beta testers and all the NPCs?
Actually, the unconscious debuff is a myth. It actually forces you to "sleep" if your "pain" factor is greater than your "pain tolerance" stat.
Thanks. So they were so stupid, not only did they think the world was actually ending, but they also got the wrong date!
This is me in a nutshell, " When are the Cubs playing? *Looks at schedule* OFF DAY? *Mopes around all day*
Teams like you make the world a better place. Thank you. but you better not take 1st in the mlb or we will destroy you. One. Run. At. A. Time. Thank you!
As a Cubs fan, we hate the mets. I want to thank all you beautiful people. Can I get an up vote for more Mets destruction?
That should be a scenario. I love it.
Even better, they can't put a ranged unit in the city.
Chicago/Atlanta fans upvoted
I see you have never played Sandstorm William, and gotten Petra
The American government Source: American teen who can't vote until 2020.
Yeah, millenial here, I am a teen and can't vote until 2020. How am I ruining the country?
To be fair, online, us millenials are assholes. I have been insulted many times by people who are doing worse than me in a game, just to stroke their egos like mommy did.
Nothing about Gen Z here. Pretty much everything millenial can be multiplied and added to us. As ridicule from the millenials. FUUUUUU...
Or when they say "You should have gone during the break" when you have to run across the school and still are nearly late.
Yeah, but it works for about 3 days at a time.
Twinkies are the once exception.
Yeah. I used the steam winter sale to get my complete edition
150hrs here. 400 turns because I wanted to go for a nuke X com to get a domination victory.
Don't forget destroying improvements, earthquakes affect larger areas than 1 hex
Precisely
So many downvotes
I believe we should be equal. I understand women have it worse. All the feminists I see act like they should be superior. I do not think we will ever have true equality. There will always be rape, both genders will suffer from it. There will always be abuse, both genders suffer from it. More men serve in the military in USA. More women get custody in divorce cases. There are many more examples to compare and contrast from. We will never be truly equal. But I will certainly try to make the world better for women in the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd worlds. And no, I am not an anti feminist. I consider myself a feminist, just not a third wave feminist. (Who are the extremists who want female superiority)
I should give you gold. Sorry I'm poor.
Even though I was 10 when they hit, I never really saw them for years afterwards. I got my first phone 2 years ago, I vividly remember when my friends would run around and our parents wouldn't care, and nowadays I think it sucks that I had to get Skype to talk to my friends outside of school or sports.
I remember when I found leftovers as a kid in Village Bridge in my copy of Black, when I reset I went back there and didn't realize it was RNG. I checked trash cans for 2 hours.
England? (I finally joined one of these!)
XCOM is the best unit that doesn't require resorces. It's only beaten by the GDR in strength, and not by much.
I played a game against him once, I made a nemesis out of him, stole the cities he was taking over with XCOM. (I was two eras ahead) I then nuked all his cities and forced him to backstab his only friend to stay alive. His empire is reduced to one city and a pile of ash when I razed everything he owned. Then I took over the last capital with a nuke and XCOM and won EZ
Damn Rome. You want to play a peaceful game and he backstabs you. You go to war at his request and he doesn't help. He spams cities and religion. He asks for open borders and iron and horses for open borders
Britain didn't want to be stuck with poor economy choices of other countries. So they left so they could dodge inflation.
Good job, grinding is key, that and building a solid team early.
/r/outofcontext
I didn't know that. I heard people who picked up CIV v had a tough time with espionage so I assumed it was new in Civ V
Username checks out
Today's trades sponsored by yesterday's Binny's.
They start ahead of you in tech. You have to rush Petra which means you get screwed somewhere else.
And/or night.
Bonkers suck. (No pun intended) they come at the worst times. Like when a bunch on little girls are sitting in your lap.
Oh I do.
UPVOTE ALL THE COMMENTS!
I slept, woke up, went downstairs, turn on the tv, see the Cubs playing, "sweet!"
Nice pick from right.
"Do you think he wants this? Eh, Wynaut"
I lost connection and it counted me as abandoning. Should I be banned for an hour for Valves server crapping out?
GIMME 20 DOLLAS!
PLEASE!
YES
you triggered me.
Wayward cave has pretty good pokemon to catch in general, the secret entrance has a good chance to get a bronzor or a gible, but a zubat, geodude, or onix, depending on the version, is still a decent drop.
Happy new (then the yee dinosaur)
Dinosaur Hammer
A TF2 key. I have control of the entire steam market!!!!!
lol fnatic still had most of their good players back then.
You can't hate when you're dead. Their families on the other hand...
Skyrim doesn't deserve it as much as TF2. Really, TF2, COD MW1/2, AoE2, Civ 4, and pretty much any other 7+ year game would fit better there. Don't know why any of the games other than TF2 and AoE2 made it. 5 isn't that long for gaming. Especially because Civ V just lost DLC support last year and Skyrim had a FUCKING REMASTER to fix its shit, and not to mention terraria being 5 years old, half of TF2's age and 12 years younger than AoE2. Skyrim just doesn't have the qualities for test of time.
Mods don't mean it stands the test of time. This is for the base game.
How do you mod a multiplayer FPS? And mods shouldn't be a factor in an award based off how well the devs did in the game a drcade ago. Not 5 years.
Left: Highschioler, middle schooler, and middle aged adults. Right: middle aged couple. No kids Left stomps hopefully.
Erosion. Scissors 9/10
Actually, we don't mind them, but they didn't vote for us. And we really hate r/Skyrim because they raided our sub recently
Isn't that one of reddits legends though? Nothing can compare to blue window steak.
As a religious person, just seems to me like it was a bunch of assholes shitting on other people's beliefs.
I took this photo when episode 2 came out. Darn me and being too lazy for imgur.
I beat up to the assault as 8/9 characters. It's all about strategy and getting lucky walker spawns.
Did the tutorial and have the jungle tunnel. I have been practicing killing shopkeepers and using the shotgun to do well. Any rules if thumb you suggest to follow?
Yup
Because we told them that if they mashed it in with Smissmas we would fucking kill them.
Take her to some G rated movie, otherwise it's gonna suck for her if she goes with friends or something.
Grabs Phlog.
Reminds me of Mat Pat. Also hi FUNKe
Minecraft was released in 2009. (Alpha) and terraria was 2011
That was minecraft's official release. You could buy it for 18 months before hand.
Remember when he deleted his system 32 during a stream?
Okay. I found I can kill them but run out of bombs to clear the exits.
6th grader with baby teeth?
Genji's guns are awful. You can't draw a penis with them.
You gotta be subtle about it. The other guy who did it was lax and got upvoted for it. You got downvoted for being a loud mouth. Even though we know you obviously know what a huge vagina is like from experience.
As he said in another comment it was born in July.
Depends on the PL map. Upward would be okay, but gold rush, hoodoo, and Thunder Mountain wouldn't be.
Wait... you're not OP!
This seems like something funke would say
Arm goes back and if you wait long enough the arm comes back up and heavy says "oh oh"
Some would use the dahlokas bar too. Imagine comp holding last with a brass beast or Natasha heavy with 350 HP. That would be an epic kinda hold.
That would lead to noobs becoming useless as heavy. Imagine comp or Mann Up where a noob had shotty, buffalo steak, and G.R.U. or some other awful loadoud out. That would be pretty irritating.
Banging your GF's sister instead of her.
Hannah is that you? (We have a teacher that does that and it drives Hannah up the fucking wall)
4th time
I would retype the comment with everything being the opposite but I'm lazy.
Let's go, Gardevior can sense when their trainers are in danger.l and will summon a black hole in response. Therefore, send Brendan/May (gen 3 trainers) into battle, have gardevior use teleport to go to various locations like corosaunt and the droid and clone factories and wipe them from existence. Pokémon stomps 7/10. 3 against Pokémon are times where certain crucial gardeviors are discovered too early.
Gain access to a helicopter.
Where's r/TF2?
"Spah creepin 'round here."
and r/TF2 you guys constantly forget about them.
You're supposed to capitalize most words in a title.
I prefer r/Shitterthoughts
Do you poeple just record you playing on the off chance this happens?
It was a break for us to amass a bigger legion on subs.
Caillou is a FUCKING spoiled shithead. He FUCKING bitches about every fucking thing in his life. His parents couldn't raise him worse if they tried, and he's an awful influence on kids.
Stupid sexy Flanders dead wife.
She was a lot better in the comics. Carol and Michonne took her roles in the TV series
I think he dies in the series finale and Coral takes over leadership of the group.
Cheeki Breeki
u/UnfortunatelyLawless is one of the regulars over at r/ChiCubs and we lover her for her sexual attraction to every man on the team.
When I told an autistic kid that gullible was written on the ceiling. For the instant karma factor, my mom laminated things for the teachers at my old school, she comes down the hall and sees a teacher chewing me out outside the class. Kidna FUCKING awkward.
Is his name Red by any chance?
I can't get the class to start, I have a flassroom, but for some reason it never starts. I go to start in the programs tab and it never works.
No. The fighting spirit lives on.
I play a lot of turbine too. It's a good map for hectic midfights.
I knew that diarrhea was bad, what's diarrhoea?
r/TF2 laughs at you for just now realizing how shitty of developers Valve is.
He does get pretty annoying now.
Kowaski, status!
Let's rehearse this routine! UGG! DIG HERE! UGG! I'm coming to you.
I'll do this because these are all in my top 5 most played on steam. Round 1. Engineer's sentry, sniper with the darwins danger shield, and medic/demoman all could sweep. Terrorists need an awp headshot to kill any of the mercenaries, and some (scout soldier heavy and pyro) can deal up to 200 DPS, demo can deal up to 560 burst damage, medic can ubercharge, and a sentry can kill the terrorizes THE with armor in half a second. Round 2: depends on the mages. If they can put up some shields, the stand a chance. Pyro will be great here as he can kill the warriors nearly instantly when they get close, air blast away their projectiles, and extinguist his team mates. Heavy and soldier will protect the medic with pyro, engineer will build a sentry to provide support, and scout and spy will ravage the warriors from behind. Demoman will be amazing for setting traps to buy the mercs time. Not to mention that medic is capable of reviving the mercs and providing projectile shields to hurt massive amounts of enemies if they touch it. Medic and any class but sniper and spy could solo this, the other classes just seal the deal. Round 3: CTs easily roll. They have equal numbers, all they need to do is buy auto snipers and auto shot guns, maybe some Negevs and P90s, and they outgun Skyrim tremendously. Round 1: 10/10 TF2. Round 2: 10/10 TF2. Round 3: 10/10 CS:GO.
You're underestimating TF2. Medic has the ability to revive mercs from the dead. Not to mention the engineers sentry can kill all the terrorists in .8 seconds (128 dps without the rockets)
Pyro can airblast anything sent at the team, they have 4 healing sources, (heavy, medic, engineer, and scout) and 3 classes that can heal themselves otherwise (soldier, sniper, and spy).
TF2 lore says heavy destroyed an entire gulag by himself at 10 years old.
Round 1: TF2 has a sniper reskin for the awp. Revealing the sniper is identical to the awp. However, he can bodyshot for a kill on an armored enemy if he charges his shot. Soldier can 1 shot any terrorist . Scout has been able to dodge bullets that physically cannot miss. (meet the scout SFM) (sentry gun part) Soldier can take a shot to the head point blank with a shotgun, as can every other class. So you are correct in the AWP being the only reliable kill. However, Scout, Soldier, Pyro, Demoman, Medic, Sniper, and Spy can all oneshot the terrorists without random crits. Scout can meatshots for 150 with the Force of Nature, Soldier with any rocket launcher, Pyro with the axtinguisher or Reserve shooter, Demo with any pipe or 2 stickies, Medic with the Crusaders crossbow, Sniper with his headshot and Spy with an Ambassador headshot and backstab. In addition, Soldier, Scout, and Medic are also capable of going at surprisingly fast speeds, Scout, Soldier, Pyro, Heavy, Engineer, and Medic all have ways of increasing their team's vitality in some way. I don't think the Terrorists can fight them off. tl;dr TF2 are super humans.
The bumper cars hated you too.
I know. So anyone still in for it should go there, not here.
Pyro airblast would be like a Gus to dah, but it can stop arrows. In TF2 pyro can airblast the huntsman arrows back at the enemies.
So you have a pool but you didn't teach the kid to swim yet?
But if some drunk fuckhole pukes, or worse shits in the showers right during the evening or morning when you need to get showered and there are no other options, you want shoes.
E gay has bad logic in my experience.
Not nessicarily dangerous, but I uninstalled it out of frustration just after my free weekend for rainbow six siege ended. So I have no real opinions.
r/jesuschristreddit
Casual
And one of the games was a prop hunt knock off where people often hid as flower pots because of the smaller hit box. So if you tried to call out "pot on bridge" it would get censored.
It really is hard to judge. There are so many characters that you cannot pinpoint one. I personally said "Anyone who can be killed by a black hole" so OP can determine who he thinks is the strongest.
He is holding it all somewhere on his person, therefore it's compressed into a small enough space.
The TF crew are certainly superhuman.
No. Tec9 armor rush. P90 but with instant kill headshot.
My least favorite character is Calliou so I came when I saw this. My favorite is Soldier from TF2. Round 1: Soldier sync jumps as he lands and cancels out the damage. Round 2: Soldier can use the Concheror to take less damage and speed up as he goes through the hall. (And escape plan to make him run at speeds of up to 15 meters per second) Round 3: He could have a medic ubercharge him? That's it but I'll say it works. Round 4: He dies instantly. Round 5: Soldier has feats of surviving in the Siberian winter with nothing, only coming out mildly hungry, with his regenerative abilities, he should be fine. Round 6: Medic ubercharge cop out here. Round 7: Soldier's ability to respawn was mentioned to be somewhat canon in certain Valve sources. I think he respawns and at the last second before he final heat death, medic ubercharge to outlast it. I kinda copped out on rounds 3, 6, and 7, but who cares.
Incase of a plague Madagascar immediately shuts down all borders, burns bodies, and closes their one sea port.
r/TF2: ignore for 2 years with little care about it.l, with servers broken for 5 days in MyM and just some memes about it. r/GlobalOffensive: had server issues for 2 days and makes a petition to stop GabeN's evil ways. Uses Schaudefrede.
"Son"
I see a lot of brits here too.
Oh. Well, I've been wrong for like 2 years now.
Steve's inventory isn't infinite. It has 37 spaces for blocks, and 4 for armor. But you are correct in that assumption for infinite inventory. However, how many games have infinite inventory for your characters? Even games where you can be a sort of pack mule like Spelunky have limits as to how much can be on your person.
Some say u/Lubub55 was the first Redditor ever.
If she was devastated to find out she was pregnant why wasn't she using birth control? Seems kinda inevitable if you're having unprotected sex that you are gonna get pregnant.
r/madlads!
That would be pretty great
Yes
This is the hero we deserve.
Now I'm imagining Christopher Sand from this is the police as kermit
Why didn't you count Brandon's vote out? Sure, it was unanimous, but he still got voted out.
Or it ties and you lose the tie breaker because he can't vote for you.
You know it's fake because Hiawatha doesn't have 100 cities until someone DOWs him and razes them all.
I'm surprised Pro Divorce, the top rated post of all time, didn't make the cut.
Final Fantasy X. I still have it.
I challenge you to a battle of wits, but it appears you are unarmed.
I'd like to point out CS:GO has been broken all year.
Good drawing, but these haven't been endgame since 2015.
It's not there in most huds.
Yuo shee comrade, yuo olny need joystick, heart monitor, shotgun, and machine gun turret to rush B of success.
The game crashes when I fire my gun. And servers were down from New Years to the 3rd.
That's a shame.
Nice
"America, Fuck Yeah."
21 and I've only seen one Snorlax.
Throw it at him not me!
I have generally been disappointed in the engineers lack of participation. I don't think we have even seen the TFC engie for more than a panel here or there.
I hate to break it to ya, but wasn't it implied Pyro ganked him when they turn on the lights and it's sitting up there with their flamethrower? Edit: It was soldier and the scout.
r/yeoldeaskmidevalreddit
Have 6 million extra unwanted people in your country? Try gas chambers! jesus i need help.
What page was that?
To those who don't understand it, I think he hit the edge of the roof in a way that cancels his fall damage from what would have killed him. Someone who understands Edge bugs can elaborate for me.
Yes
Not OP but I'd assume they were in his squad or killed.
I slowly rise over time. When I get to 500 I buy my guild a chest.
You may want to work on formatting. It is hard to read the rules.
I was watching a TV show, so this chick gets pregnant and her fiancé (the father) wants an abortion. She says "No, I am catholic" and I say, "What the hell?" One of the main rules of Catholicism is no sex until marriage. So it only works when it's convenient for you?
Pressed space? What does that do?
Was gonna ask if you were Canada and then I saw the username
TF2 Soldier. Tell them they are Nazis and he will continually kill them forever. Soldier has been shown to survive the Siberian wilderness with no food for a whole winter. Besides, soldier has no problem eating the 5 year olds. He can use the cowmangler, B.A.S.E. Jumper, and Disiplinary Action. The Cowmangler has infinite ammo. He can use the base jumper to hover in the air for a minute if needed, and the Disiplinary action actually has the ability to hit in a small radius all around him, so it can bail him out if he gets surrounded. The only way Soldier can die to a 5 year old is when they tell him the war ended 4 years ago.
Crusaders Crossbow is arced too, jsut not as much. Plus you can heal yourself and it would do more at close ranges than the crossbow.
I always say thanks when I; Take another personals teleporter, Medic heals me, Hoovy Gives me sandvich, I dominate someone, Someone kills a spy or removes a snapper from my buildings, Extinguishes me, Or helps me with my buildings as engie
But functions so bad!
The thing is, if they don't, the small buisiness of and then they cant cover anyone, and it becomes another depression because 15 percent of people lost their jobs.
Scream penis for the password. In a college dorm. Yeah.
I'm told that when I don't cap on Hightower. So people don't understand the rules of TF2
Persons
Yes. Then when I encounter another player with the same mantra it goes on forever, until the enemy kills one of us.
*insert generic Calvin reply here*
Everyone's computers are different. There is no correct resolution for every computer.
Gorge is considered one of the lower tier maps to most of the people I know. it may just be some F2Ps curious about what tc_hydro was.
Pyro has the backscratcher, which was hand made for Medieval, and the engineer is complete shit. Scout and heavy can still wreck some face in their own ways, and medic is pretty shit too.
Can someone explain to me the whole fanatic split, I was a fanatic fan and suddenly I found out they weren't together.
I don't know, let me go back to achievement_idle!
But I would create the TF3 subreddit and make a mandatory shitpost quota.
Most of these could be solved by using a throwaway.
Penis goes in, baby comes out, BOOM! Adopted!
It goes in.
So glad he is out of office. Obamacare slaughtered small buisinesses.
Where do you stand as the engineer?
Yes. Edit: now you should edit this mod.
Any of the Mario spin offs if you want to break up with them, including smash bros. But really, I'll make a list by genre FPS:Battlefront 2 or Any Zombies/Survival games, Platformer: Kirby's Return to dreamland for the Wii, Sandbox: Minecraft Arcade: Castle Crashers, or Battle Block Theatre Racing: Mario Kart, I don't know anymore off the top of my head but I hope this helps.
Can verify: was middle schooler until last year.
Play it through, I have had that start and said, fuck it let's try it, and it was a fun game.
I was gonna comment on that one.
I'm gonna make it. And it will be SHIT!
r/deservedrandomcrits Edit: It was a kritz...
Cool
Not my description, but I should make it that.
r/woosh would like a word with you.
According to all known laws of aviation, this meme is overused.
Any WWE wrestler, they all have done some stupid shit at some point. For example, I believe someone became Thor at some point.
Sounds like this where you seem to live in a country other than America, so you don't seem to understand how bad Obamacare was in practice. Judging on your comment about taxes, you seem to live in a socalist (or close to) country. The business and taxes and shitty government support and cashflow are all a lot different over here in the States. As a states business owner, it is SO much different over here to run a small business than what sounds like multiple large businesses over there. The government is like a leash, and you're the dog. You try to walk over there and sniff a fire hydrant or some poop, (trying to hire new workers) and they pull you back (the financial strain of having to pay for another family's healthcare, which is really expensive over there. And the taxes in America fuck small businesses over REALLY HARD.
No more Obama care. You can decide if it is Most or Least.
This was evil.
No
COMIC SPOILERS: Negan gets beaten, but goes to chill with another group.
"Catholic" "Divorce"
Negan. As much as you can like the villain.
The older iPhones. The newer ines will eventually become light sabers.
With a Reddit account and a phone... how else?
Shh... Pretend to be the boss. Now delete your comment and we can go back to pretending.
See: Welfare Collectors in the inner city.
Madagascar.
Guitar Hero is for the Wii. GG
But he couldn't
He was about 5'4 by the time he was 25 and he had small pox. He was ugly,and almost every photo of him had been edited to remove them. There is one mugshot where it was unedited, but that's all we know of.
As someone who doesn't know any muslims, I don't really care.
Yeah. My history professor told us about it but nobody could find it. He said "Mugshot.com"
Increased speed=increased crits.
You can't read with a helmet over your eyes. Soldier was guessing and got lucky
u/uncertainusurper wins.
"Do it" it worked for Will Smith's character in that one movie where he was a con man.
Banshee in the bar Part 78 spoopy
Send this to Pixar. They could make a toy story spinoff off of it.
LHS I go to church with him.
He goes to church at the same place I do. he is a great ball player and very smart. Would reccomend 10/10. Plus Willy has someone else to catch with.
Throw a bomb up, it may get caught in the web.
K, kid can write but no speak English. No need to downvote me.
How am I a liar? Statistics show that plenty of people who can work just welfare hog. https://medium.com/2016-index-of-culture-and-opportunity/most-work-eligible-welfare-recipients-are-not-working-17d0004523b#.63snp6ki3
I don't see what the problem is. You don't know me so you have no need or right to care about me. In fact, you don't know what I go through so it wouldn't even be your place to care. I don't know these muslims, there are hate crimes performed against muslims at an astonishing rate because of the Terrorist. Maybe it would be better someone who understands the issues better to make that decision, not me and certainly not Trump, unless his advisors approved this.
Kate sounds like the daughter of Dwight K Schrute and a crazy cat lady turned slut.
OMG U SUM LAWL DIE /s I really shouldn't need to put the scarcasm there.
I'm lazy
Was considering saying Angela, but didn't remember she was a slut.
This was before you edited it. Everyone forgets to say no legendaries.
I haven't been kicked on my first tour, but I played heavy when asked and was with some cool dudes.
Doesn't have a valve tax. Edit: noticed who it is. HI ANKLE DAN! I'm a big fan.
That would be a game mechanic, you could beat a legendary with a level 1 Pokémon if you are lucky enough.
And that's how OP went blind.
She didn't appeal to a demo graphic that represents a massive percentage of the population. She talked about what she was gonna do for the minorities, but not the majority, the white males. Trump did so he got their votes and the election.
I'm trying to play TF2 when this one medic keeps kicking my ass!
r/faithinhumanityrestored I go to public school and had a shitty day today, so this thread was awesome!
Super early.
You've never played black ops 2's campaign I guess? Because that is intense and it isn't even half of what fighting some druggie is really like. A cop friend of my three a dude on Synthetic LSD into a garage door, and the dude got up like it was nothing. It took 500 pounds of cops to hold him.
Link?
I lost a female combee (1/40 chance) one level before it evolved to a bidoof's rollout.
Hell yeah!
I thought it did that until recently.
But you can't arrow it because they are staggered
There's a reason I think the back burner needs a rework. Maybe 35 ammo for airblast and x2 damage from behind, instead of x3. It will rework it to give more chances for the enemy to react, but allow it to be used for Puff and Sting tech.
He does have a connection to Slaughterhouses,
*lenny face here*
I like to think I'm not afraid of anything other than spiders, but very few spiders freak me out much, so I would have to say failure or rejection.
It was about a year after Black Ops 2 came out, I was playing search and destroy when a party of pubstompers joined and filled the whole other team. They obviously rolled us. The weak in our ranks left, but the stronger players knew we could beat them. We continued. Taking one round from them, then 2, but losing in the end. Then, we had a good round. We won 3/4 in the first half and just needed to win 2 to clinch. We won the 2nd and 3rd rounds! We had finally done it! And I had been preparing for this moment. I pulled out my iPhone 4 and pulled up a song. Queen - We are the Champions. as soon as the chorus hit, the kid leading the party realized the mockery we had made of him and his friends, and left the lobby, bringing his 5 friends with him. Then, after switching hosts, we cheered, for we had bought down the Pubstompers, and I had made them rage quit.
Indeed. That was my first micspam, and up there with my most glorious.
A group of people who get a party, and use their ability to communicate and the fact they have played together before to co-ordinate strategies to stomp a group of people who haven't play together, putting them at a severe disadvantage.
But, if that's one, what's Dugtrio? oh god
I got this username from CoD and never changed it up until last year after I made my account.
By the way, harder is a bad safe word.
Cats are useless. Go pet a friendly hoovy. It always makes my day.
My coach would have defense and offense swap if we were up by 4 or more
It's one of the TF2 comics on valve's website, will link it when I get home
I think he still wears that.
Yes, they drink, the Celts were there for a bit, and it's beautiful up there.
Didn't notice that... Well, bomber will still be good for it, and countering nightwitch will be easy, but arrows won't be so great. These seem a bit good, so I would say make them cost 5 elixir
I was sitting there, my bitch of a teacher is handing back tests. I get one I think I bombed back, and I turn to my mate behind me and say, "Wow, better than expected, what did you get?" She yelled at me for being negitave and sent me in the hall for 5 minutes. I sat there and laughed.
Because it isn't a state you blithering moron.
Dude, STL pizza is shite, go to Illinois for the food, and Wisconsin or Indiana for the beer (Indiana has Yuengling, which is lit)
We didn't realize it at age 5...
I don't watch the NBA, I just know Curry is good, and LeBron is a douche.
I'm a highschooler, and looking back, damn, I acted like this a bit and probiably still do, any tips to quit this bad habit?
I mean, a percentage of the male population are elderly or children, who aren't gonna be 6'5", but I would wager even with only men from 21-35, its still only 5% of dudes.
all star 2018 calling it.
She isn't watching the Yankees...
&gt;Sexy sexy HRizzo FTFY
I like you. !RedditSilver
We didn't listen very closely, we were 8-9 when it came out as a Reddit or pointed out to me.
Do you think 8 year olds are aware of school shooters? The only lyric that we could fully hear as impatient 8 year olds was "All the other kids with their pumped up kicks" and nobody heard the out run my gun.
Siam is a douche
I'm a freshman now.
How do you do it? And how much profit does it give? Was gonna start a new character this summer and am interested.
Does this work for every house?
But the achievements on Steam dude,
At the game, and I'm confident based on the Marlin's warm up, they've dropped a ton of balls.
Oh, it did it Fallout so I assumed it would here too.
Still doesn't cut it. I'll be sending you a therapy invoice
What is that load out? I have a Stalin heavy but think it doesn't look authentic. Can someone name the cosmetics? I know the Commisairs coat, but what are the others?
I think we treat it as alcohol, but stricter, with a 24 year old limit, due to it being quicker to impair, and driving under the infuence at all is at least a hefty fine and prefferably Jail, I'm still not sure about it, but like the idea of taxing it to help our federal government.
I'm against hitting girls, but if I were you and you didn't have it coming, I would fucking hooksmash her straight to the depths of hell.
I'm against punching women, but if a teacher cusses you out and attacks you physically, I feel that a suplex might be in order.
Sure
Who would buy LSD if Weed was readily available, legal, and cheaper?
"If you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball."
I always associate Hooked on a Feelign with the opening credits of Guardians of the Galaxy.
Pockets are a thing.
The swastika looks just like a symbol that means peace in Japan.
&gt;"If fighting is sure to result in victory then you must fight. Sun Tzu said that, and I think he knows a little more about fighting than you do pal. Because he invented it, and then he perfected it so no living man could best him in the ring of honor! Then he used his fight money to buy a bot, then he herded 2 of every animal onto the boat and he proceeded to BEAT THE CRAP out of every single one of them. And that's why when a bunch of animals are together it's called a ZOO! or a farm!" -TF2 Soldier
As an aware person, the art of subtlety helps, go slow, like you're grabbing a pen from your pocket or something. Keeping an eraser or white out in your pocket to take out really makes people less suspicious,
Sure, because as a part time battle medic (only when someone tells me to go medic) and medic kicks ass.
I think that back burner needs to be reworked. It's just not fun to fight against. It kills every class but heavy in under 2 seconds, and only soldier has a possibility to react in time. I think it's new stats should be this: +100% damage when attacking from behind. Crits from behind deal mini for damage. (So there isn't a 600% buff if they get crits, but random crits are still on) +75% airblast cost. This makes the airblast 35, if my math is correct. This makes it do less damage, but allow players to still combat spam and deny Uber's, giving it competitive viability, and it still rewards flanking while not being unfair to fight, as everyone has a chance to reach, but pyro can puff and sting to finish off players, who are already weakened. Which is why the airblast costs less. I'm considering giving it another buff, like increased switch speed to encourage not W+M1, or an airblast penalty decrease to 30 ammo per airblast. I'm not sure which would be better, but I think the weapon, like many other weapons in Pyro's arsenal, are no fun to fight against and encourage rather brainless play styles that will continue to make pyro an uninteresting and unbalanced class.
I just got it. And I have seen the video enough to memorize it so that says something.
Foster the People
They missed to opportunity to make us all but the switch
So you would be fine with a 185 HP scout running around behind your lines? Capable of killing every class in the game and out DPSing every class but BB heavy and spy?
That is absolutely not your fault.
Jesus. I was expecting a drunk driving accident, but this was so much darker.
"Harder than me when I see Lucille" -Negan, probiably
I know you saw the other comment, but he didn't cover all of the abuse, they also made the kids hit each other, encouraged it, and then claimed they were just actors. When in reality no child is that good of an actor
I know a family like that. The husband hits the wife if she spends money. The wife doesn't divorce with him or call the cops because she doesn't want to put her daughter through that.
I know most of this, just didn't realize the man couldn't not pay, I unfortunately know someone who got falsely accused of rape, and it ruined his life, but thankfully no baby for him to have to pay for too.
64k, 1k for each block in the stack.
Because those people are low balling and the only people stupid enough to take it are the very desperate people or people who are trying to liquidate their funds.
There are 2 of them. Chill
Engineer, I like being credit to my team.
It is low balling, 20 dollars under. Even quicksells are only 2 keys under with low unusuals
It's fine.
That and I suck at aiming so I need my sentry to do it for me.
Now the real question is if it's D/P remakes.
What the everloving FUCK is the lineup?
If it weren't for your comment I would have flamed this dude.
heyward is cleanup though. I love the guy but he isn't a powerhitter by any definition of the word.
Cubs fan here, we don't care about the AL other than the fact that the DH is stupid
Precisely, the best things are only regional. Chick-fil-A, Portillos, Yuengling (its a beer but still), and more are all resuraunts in a small area that are insanely popular because they taste so goo.
Not raining isn't good weather.
Ron Swanson. But we would have to mail the letters to his office in Pawnee, he would write the answers and nail them to our door while insulting us. Plus it would be hilarious.
only if you use a rock to club them over their head
Resident evil 4 was good and needed graphic updates. Skyrim with full DLC costs $100, and is available for Xbox 360, Xbox 1 and every variant of it, PS3, PS4, and every variant of that, PC, and switch. Not to mention they re-released it... I'm guessing they will announce it being ported to the TI-32 Graphing Calculator within the year.
Team fortress 2 is one of the most popular and oldest games with an active playervase. It's an FPS where you can attain hats and taunts, (the dances they are doing there) through playing money or finding them as a random drop. It is a free game, and is silly and less serious than many other games out there, and in this gif they are playing on a custom map, but most maps have an industrial or desert look to them.
I'm holding out for the TI-32 Graphing Calculator
I live in a suburban area, and even then there aren't enough. I ran out and can only play after I make a trip downtown to pick up some on the few stops on main street.
My black box has more kills than all my other stranges, so here we go. The black box is a great pub weapon, unless you have a medic cramming his beam up your ass. I like using the Battalions backup with it for the resistances to allow me to take down sentries and push with my team. Nothing is scarier than a soldier with essentially 400 HP. Except a scout, but scout is DPS master so that isn't comparable. The black box is a sidegrade. It trades a game changing downside, less rockets, allowing you to finish off less enemies, for the ability to heal yourself. This makes the soldier both more aggressive, with more survivability, but also more passive, with less offensive power. I find that your success with this weapon depends on the accuracy of your enemy. If the other soldier hits 3 of his rockets and you hit 3 of your rockets, you healed off around 50 damage, about enough to survive another rocket, which he has, if he hits you directly, you're gonna die 9/10 times, but if he misses or gets you with splash, now you have a rocket loaded and a health advantage (when you hit the rocket). I found that because you are going to health less, you run out of ammo more, so play conservatively with your ammo, don't spam AS much. Just remember if they push after you spam 2 rockets out, you're fucked unless you get a crit. I like it, it's the perfect pub weapon, but I think having it equipped should stop the conch's max healing at 2 HP/s, to combat the slightly OP load out and remove the stereotype keeping people from using this weapon.
Canadas cool.
Went To Sleep - EDubble. It's a single so it's technically the whole album.
USA.
Okay, how does this one work?
They would get stuck complimenting each other's YUGE hands for an eternity
I just got that. Thanks, you ruined it.
Me. That's who I think I am dammit.
Are you really going to attempt to alternate my lexicon whilst I use words not found in the purviews of modern conversation? i really can't think of many long words
A button that would enable me to vanquish my foes and anyone I truly hate.
1: TF2 Soldier 2: TF2 Medic 3: Negan from TWD. They are all sadisticly insane and it amuses me. I would put Ron Swanson on the list here, but Nick Offerman is Ron without the government job.
They cut out a few scenes of her being a bitch.
The right to lead the world. Then I can have all the money and power I want.
#BABA YETU MOTHERFUCKERS! *Wacky outro music plays*
Rocket League, so about 10 seconds before some prick demolishes me.
Ike from Smash 4, TF2 Soldier, and Pablo from Backyard Baseball
I don't believe so, their faces don't look alike.
On mobile, didn't wanna scroll really far to double check
I almost wrote Fire Emblem but I don't know what game he is from, so I wrote Smash, where I know him from
Sticky jumping is inherently easier, I, as a bad rocket jumper admit that, I'm sure you agree, but still, hitting people is the hard part.
This was on r/TF2 for a while. Insert reposting flame. But seriously we are glad you post this here to give exposure to the game!
You can too.
Why do you care? It's useless internet points?
Tape it to your panties
Then gimme the gold kind stranger?
I so want a thumbs down. I would use it when I am being pushed by a 20 elixir push and my teammate drops a hog rider on the other lane.
That one he did but it was a close set
I'm not your bro, homeslice
Didn't they also determine that they could live because of the life jacket?
My favorite card is bowler but when I face a lavaloon deck I obviously rarely face it. This can skew the usage and thus my favorite card
What?
You forgot the monocle.
Five, Six, I don't remember the words to this.
That link should stay blue.
It's r/asshole.
What subreddit was it?
Just like whoever tries to escape.
Anne Frankly I thought that was pretty good.
You realize hunters do it for food? Most people don't have food to eat. 1/5 children don't eat daily. By hunting or farming animals those people can make food more readily available. Nobody wastes food. How do you feel about animals eating other animals? Animals are dying then too, is it an issue then?
Damn. Played me.
The Thing in bed
Gopniks, hooligans, and punks are similar to chavs, right?
Make the head guard from Shawshank a part of Fight Club. Imagine him yelling at the dudes instead of Tyler/(spoiler) that would be more amusing.
Can verify.
So you suggest we kill people who could grow up to do something great because they killed an animal for their family to eat? We have laws protecting animals that go far enough without being intrusive. Now go back to your high horse (heh) and go cry to peta that not everyone wants to kill humans over animals like you, fucking psychopate...
I love to counter any heavy hitting move with Ike and just watch them take 1.2x their attack back at them
Tell them that it's actually the suck and cuck, and can be performed with DeDeDe as well. In addition, if you use gannondorfs side B at a ledge, and grab someone over the ledge, you spike them to the shadow realm, and if you both have one Stock you win because they die first.
I too like the suck and cuck. De De De is better st it though
Everyone should hate the Cardinals.
Chris Pratt
I heard he moved to Florida
Thank you.
You don't hate a Cubs fan. You hate the bandwagoners. The Cubs fans who liked the team before 2015 know not to talk shit because we sucked until 3 years ago. We true fans don't have that douchiness that these bandwagoners always have. Most Cubs fans who aren't bandwagoners have given up on going here because the circle jerk caused by the bandwagoners fans ruined our rep for a few years, until we become loveable losers again.
Yeah, mega knight doesn't look as OP as I thought it would.
The night witch spawns those 2
Don't be a prick. If I am in charge of someone else, don't be a prick to them. I'm a hardass and hate pricks. I'm an asshole and I know it, but I feel like I should be the only asshole you encounter, because you have to piss me off for me to direct my anger onto you.
Money
SoundCloud or YouTube.
Radio music is awful.
Do singles count?
Nukes are controlled in separate states from where they are based and need people in 2 places to activate. It would be too late then, plus they are trying to take over the land, not destroy it.
I saw her in person, she's not that great. Thankfully it was a free thing through my church
Touché
Someone once said, "Country is rap for people who are afraid of black people."
It was top of the page for me. Still too far.
Starlord's ship from GOTG
With weapons like the detonator or Powerjack making it easy to flank, and pyro doing more DPS and a BB heavy is just a bit unfair, especially on maps like Upward and steel where there can be up to 4 flank routes on a point
Kritzkreig,capping intel, not very often, but would you really like a pyro capable of doing 600% of his normal damage because your team wasn't watching the flank?
I lost a level 20 female combee to a rollout when grinding. Didn't realize bidoof had it that early. Combee evolves at level 21
I mean, photoshopping a picture together takes more effort that writing out "fix bison plez"
Pulls soundsmith and runs away.
Freindlies don't help anyone, they put their team at a disadvantage. If they went medic and sat in a corner healing us, that would be okay, but giving a sandvich to the other team AND making us be down a man is just retarded, you aren't casually playing the game, you're sitting in a corner with a virtual snack pressing buttons.
Note to anyone playing it. It is so much better with a controller than a keyboard, because you can quack at different pitches.
Gambling
How haven't you leveled up your Lumberjack with 20 cards?
Only fire spirits if you're dealing with level 12s.
I assumed he says "Good game" as it was fun I say "Thanks" as it was fun and thanks for playing, then say good game back.
I mean, people want kills, if a friendly is there, kill them. It's a shooter for a reason. Not a picnic. I'll leave you alone if there's someone shooting at me, and occasionally I guard the friendlies as a heavy, and I have occasionally joined a friendly party to escape an attacker, but if you aren't on Hightower, I'm gonna kill you
How did you get a crobat at level 27? Max happiness that fast?
Joe Buck is so biased. Not against one individual team, but just for or against certain players. He sucked Kershaw's dick, Madbum's dick, the Indian's bullpen and Kubler (the really good starter, IDK if that's him) and Javier Baez's dicks the whole WS.
Anytime someone says "Kershaw, Bumgardner, Baez, (any Indians pitcher) Chapman, Schwarber, or (the best pitcher for whomever is playing the Cubs)" Joe Buck gets an erection. But seriously, why was having the guy from Saint Louis, the city of the Cubs biggest rivalry in baseball, (except for maybe the mets, we hate them too) cast ALL the Cubs games a good idea? The dude was CLEARLY Baezed against the Cubs until Schwarber came back, or if Chapman was pitching. Even then he only liked those two. Fuck Joe Buck. I hate him more than I hate radio music.
We just didn't let them breathe and dominated the game from end to end.
This reminds me of this one quote from the walking dead comic. http://l7world.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Of-Course-You-Realize-This-Means-War-The-Walking-Dead-114-Negan.jpg
Split screen
As a 2s player who tries to dribble in 1s, it's refreshing not having a teammate knock you away and own goal it in the same move.
But PC is where all the cool people play.
Can we call them Boots, can we make that a think?
Pootis
No you're totally wrong in that statement because my opinion is the only right one.
Me: Ahh, what the hell are those? Valve: Tumors, *Heavy looks at monitor with mild disgust*
#CHERZ LUV DA CAVALIERS AR HER
FUNKe made a video on that. Go check it out. Also: I liked your vid u/funkepills
Yeah, I'll bet him throwing no hitters was a problem for you guys too, seeing with your recent streak of 5 era games for a while there
Touché
Maybe I live in a region with none
Shawshank's opening sequence, not the first scene but the first ten minutes in the prison.
Top 5 in no particular order: Batman, John Wick, Alakazam from Pokémon, TF2 medic, and your squad mates from Spec Ops the Line
Enders Game
I didn't really like it, I couldn't get into it and wound up quitting pretty early in
The readers decide what they wanna discuss. You could have a beautifully written post about how to wreck in bone pit, but nobody gives two fucks, when we could discuss how to balance NW
At least hammel made up the homeruns he let up with his own
Anyone good has already been taken
ForFeit
&gt;Be me: don't care about trading, keys are really cheap, &gt;also me, now care about trading, keys now cost 10 times as much,
I don't think that the Amby needs a nerf, you're only gonna get shot if you're standing still. However, hacking is a problem with it so I think that the headshot damage should have been lowered.
Even then, I'm a god awful sniper, 10 hours in it out of 620 hours, and I still manage to kill better snipers on occasion because of the randomness of the game. Sniper is so unfair because a good one, or even an average one, kills people before they can do anything about it.
That actually sounds like a decent change, haven't heard that one and I like it. I used to play Steel HL, and this other team had a hacker playing sniper, it wasn't obvious, but he got 60 headshots in one round of Product. He knew where the spy was every time and would quick scope him in the head, to the point where the spy got 6 frags over the whole half
Because he kills 2/3rds of the classes instantly, and is really broken. If you've ever played highlander you would know that you can only push when their sniper and/or medic are down
I mean, in a pub, where people don't know how to avoid snipers, most of them could nearly double their accuracy
Try destroying their spaceship parts before they add them. Nukes help too.
Or maybe he just leveled his shitty EBarbs and didn't acquire any skill, so the second someone drops bowler or Valkyrie and some RG counter, he can't do anything, because he doesn't know how to
