I did the same, and my secretary was maya... And it gave me musashi so all was well at the end.
while flying over the bermuda triangle.
Mimi from Digimon. i liked digimon over pokemon when I was a kid.
Gonna be Kako or Aoba.
All I can hope is that they stay with the organization in some way (maybe a scout? team ambassador? idk) and if we do win a cup we can engrave their names on the cup. As a player, I think it will be a while before our young players step up to be great players, and Sedins will be retired, or gone back to Sweden to play for Modo.
Yeup. He was scoring in the AHL at around .6~.8 points per game and then came to Utica and started scoring at a point a game.
I volunteered at the SCRI Society for a while before the I had conflict of schedule with school. You usually go to the location and hang out/look out for people with disability and just have fun. It was about 2 hours a week (You just chose the day you could go to, and just go every week at that time) and then possibly more for their big events. [This is their website.](http://theclubscri.com/)
Needs more Iroha
My time zone is exactly 12 hours behind Japan... it's awesome as long as I'm aware if it's PM or AM.
so beautiful!
I wouldn't be too worried, but obviously try to make a habit out of doing things like washing your hands with soap and don't cover your mouth with your palm when you're coughing, etc
(If you're not from Vancouver) enjoy the city! It's a beautiful one :)
Hey me too! Place I grew up wasn't so bad :(
Visited New York for the first time. Also bought a ps4.
Im not Catholic, but this pope just seems like a respectable, likeable individual.
Long term: Solid second liner (as much as i love him I don't think he will be an offensive superstar and he is defensively solid so second line will be perfect imo) next year: get some more ice time, score few more points, hopefully beat the sophomore slump
I'd personally get getzlaf, JVR, OK, OEL, Holtby and Varly. Holding onto dubnyk based on half a season might be too risky. And I'd save your stacked dmen and focus on drafting forwards.
idk, he scored 13 goals and had 12 assists as a rookie. If he doesn't go through a sophomore slump, I think 20/20 would be a good bar to set for him. I'd be extremely happy if he scores as much as how much Bonino scored this year + his defence improves even more.
very true. He seemed like he knew what was going on by the latter half of the season, and just played phenomenally as a rookie in the playoffs. If we can see the Bo of second half of the season next year, scoring 40 points won't be hard I think.
sbisa, bieksa, and our 2nd /s
Do I still have to put my credit number on the website? :(
weird... I did that but it kept asking me for the card so I ended up putting it in but it didn't charge anything. Whatever
Not BoxeR?
sounds awfully like our team last year, not showing up in the 3rd period
And by mid 2000s the popularity was at an all time high I think. Way bigger than lol in korea now
I HOPE UTICA COMES BACK IN THE SERIES TO MAKE THINGS MORE INTERESTING. HOWEVER, MANCHESTER IS A GREAT TEAM AND I HOPE BOTH TEAMS DO WELL. SAME FOR CHICAGO AND TAMPA. I HOPE THE PLAYERS GIVE IT THEIR ALL AND HAVE AN AMAZING SERIES. GO HOCKEY!
Redwoods is nice, I just don't like how it has lots of hills. Northview and Morgan Creek is definitely nice too, but like you said a bit expensive. I personally like Hazelmere and Peace Portal too. Not too expensive, but fairly well maintained. Meadow Gardens was also not too bad. Closer to the city... I haven't played at many but I really enjoyed places like University Golf Club, McCleery Golf Course, Burnaby Mountain, etc... I almost had a chance to play at Shaughnessy once but I never got to... I remember I was so mad about that. (A lot of my info could have changed as I don't live in Vancouver anymore)
First time I played there, I had no problems. It was a twosome with my dad and it was a quick round. Second time was with my friends who were just picking up golf and the marshall gave us a bit of crap for being slow but w/e, we were slow and we tried our best to keep it up. I wasn't happy, but I wasn't going to argue as I thought it was our groups fault. Third time I played, I went with my work buddies and it was a group of 8 split into two foursomes. IIRC it was a weekend, so it was a busy day. We were having fun and enjoying our day playing golf, then the marshall came to us around 5th hole and told us that we were extremely behind schedule and that we needed to keep our pace up. Every time since then he kept following us and watched me swing and constantly said we were late. It was extremely irritating that this guy would just keep staring at me play golf and annoy me, it was like he was deliberately trying to throw me off. We stopped after 9th to grab a hotdog and we were only about 5 minutes behind schedule (and we couldn't even see the group of 4some behind us, which were our own friends) but he kept going on even after that and told us to pick it up. By 13th or 14th we caught up to the group ahead of us and there was like 3 or 4 groups waiting. We ended up waiting at that hole for about 30 minutes. After the round all 8 of us were talking and I told my boss at the time about what happened and he went inside and complained about the issue. Turns out, the guy came to our store before and asked for a discount to which we said no. So idk he was trying to take it out on us or not, but he knew we were from my work as we were getting the industry rate at the time. Ever since then, as the nature of my work I'd talk to customers about good courses around vancouver and some people were saying things like how the course is in great condition, people who work there are really nice, but some old marshalls are doing a terrible job of taking care of things. I never went back to Pagoda after that and then eventually left Vancouver for school. I still tell people Pagoda is a great course, and I'm sure things have changed since last time I went there, but I don't plan on going back anytime soon. edit: sorry for the long rant. I just was typing along and didn't realize it got so long.
There are some good courses around Northern Washington too! when you have time you should take few days off, and play few rounds at courses around whistler, few around vancouver, and few around Bellingham area!
Toronto most likely. ~~My random pick that might is Calgary though. I think they have so much cap space available they might make some moves to get better while some others try to make room~~ edit:jk
Ah okay. I didn't know your team's situation in depth. I guess your comment answers it haha
we can make some splash too :(
what the hell was that. I cant remember exactly but I think they did something like this against US too. Just didn't result in a goal. That's a dumb mistake to make after playing defensively sound for 35 minutes or so
BB cream iirc.
Ji. Number 10
yes
It reminds me of the 2010 world cup game between us and argentina during a group match. We managed to stop Messi pretty well, but then we got shit on by other players like Tevez and Higuain.
idk about that. First it is a different match and second I think Korea was playing really well defensively until that stupid first goal, then the team just went completely flat. I honestly think US would play better than Brazil if they played Brazil.
Home kit is Red with blue stripes on both sides, and away as you can see is white with red on one side and blue on the other side. I really like our away kit.
does anyone have a clip of the supposed non-call penalty? I still havent seen it yet.
Lets score one. In the group stage its (obviously) better to lose 2-1 than 2-0. Lets go Korea!
I thought if you got pushed, you fall away from the person who pushed you, and not to the direction towards them. Soccer defying all physics.
Oh Interesting. I was wondering why Kwon was doing the salute as she was coming off the pitch. Apparently she serves in the army. Very cool.
thats why the Brazilian mens do the same thing too! TIL
JaeDong for Korean manager please
Very rare for women to serve in the armed forces in Korea. Thats why I was thrown off when I saw that. Only required for men, not women.
Just men only haha, for a bit less than 2 years.
we were talking specifically about Korea, not Portugal.
He's a big leafs fan... with a Jets flair due to some reasons I can't remember.
oh oops my apologies
We are the 99.999%
Well, I already had Maki pre-ordered but Just preordered the other 8. RIP wallet
We supposedly refused to send Schneider to Edmonton for a lot bigger package than New Jersey's, I just dont see how we'd trade Lack for just 33rd just like you said.
true, but I believe in Benning enough not to do any favours just because theyre friends. If he ever did he'd lose all credibility and lose my trust.
Well, I needed to level another CA. I guess I found the one.
I never said anything about that, what i was saying is if we refused to trade potential starting goalie (at the time) to Edmonton, it wouldn't make sense to trade another one to them now.
Supposedly 7th pick (Nurse), Second round pick, and a top rated prospect.
but he won't be 18 years old anymore when and if he wins Calder!
It would obviously be thrilling to watch Benn play for our team... but at the end Dallas would have matched it no matter what. If they didn't, due to CBA rules we would have most likely had to pay Dallas an arm and a leg.
Theres no way they will be hesitant when they retire both 22 and 33. They were drafted together, they played together, they had their best playing days together, and most likely they will retire together which means we should retire their numbers together. Just as you said, they are the best players to wear our Nucks jersey. I don't doubt we will retire their numbers within a year of their retirement. Naslund retired in 09 in the NHL, (Played at modo in 2010) we retired his number in 2010. I don't see why we wouldn't do the same for the Sedins.
hell, we could even throw in Sbisa. 2 is always better than 1.
I should just run 90 minutes every day. How to lose 70lbs in just a week!
Idk, Blues has 6 numbers retired, LA Kings has 5 numbers retired (they were irrelevant for quite a long time obviously before 2012), Sabres has 7 numbers retired, Capitals has 4 retired and most likely 5 when Ovie retires. I don't think having 6 retired numbers wouldn't be such a bad thing.
I'm here!
Please no bad back passes please!
was that another botched penalty call against Korea? I didn't get a clear view of the non-call.
great efforts from both sides! wow! What a save by the Costa Rican keeper.
wtf was that Another defensive lapse again -.-
About freaking time we get a penalty kick call. That call was weak as hell though. Shoulda called the earlier one and this shouldn't have been a call.
not really a dive, but not really a penalty call either.
jet fuels cant melt steel beams
I really dont think both of them were dives... They both tripped up on their own.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL WOO HOO what a cross and a what a header. Just a beauty.
Jesus this game is so much more interesting than the match against Brazil.
woah costa rica with a korean-esque mistake.
nice header and a nice block.
idk, the UAE game just recently and the Asian Cup wasn't that bad.
Tripping over a ball is a yellow now?
oh for fucks sake.
for fucks sake. Soccer match is supposed to be played for full 90 minutes. Extremely disappointing.
I ordered Marika but she is nowhere to be found :(
I really loved the anime Nourin.
they are building a new one for Samsung Lions too. The current one is so small and run down. Also there's the dome in Seoul that is almost done that Nexen might move into.
Summer classes suck. This is the last week of my summer classes. After a week I'll be travelling again, I'll be in New York, Boston, Tokyo, and spend the rest of the summer in my parents' in Seoul. Quite pumped to get out of Halifax.
Sorry, but I really don't think Hodgson would fetch anything with the contract he has now.
It's really annoying when you have to fly from halifax to seoul, instead of going straight from Vancouver to seoul like I used to :( so I figured I'd just stop at whole bunch of places and travel while at it. And if you haven't been to seoul for 10 years now, it's so different now! I go back every couple years or so (to see my extended family) and city is just so different every time I go back.
Haha, I really hope it clears up by the time I get there, or at least by the time I get back to Canada.
Congrats to the LA Kings on winning the 2016 Stanley Cup!
In 2011, I witnessed all my favourite teams - Steelers, Oregon, Canucks lose in the finals. It seriously sucked that year. This year, I got to see the teams I hate the most - Giants, Buckeyes, Hawks win championships. I want to cry.
thank you! haha
I can only say that we most likely won't win one in the next 5 years or so.
I think it is just originated from the fact that the country used to be so poor(50s-80s), and people thought that only way to be successful in this country was to be able to attend school, and be smart enough to get into university and find a solid job. I just think students being driven to achieve success (where going to bad university is failure)is just simply embedded in our culture. I personally don't think it will collapse on itself, or at least not within reasonable future. However it will definitely be interesting to see how things go.
It's so weird that they'd do stuff like that, in a generation when all the kids grew up watching Japanese anime, such as pokemon or digimon. If i recall correctly, korea slowly started unbanning Japanese media throughout late 90s and early 00s.
Couple years ago, when I was in Korea, my dad and I decided to do a road trip around South Korea, with a focus to visit many popular temples on our path. I just fell in love with this place as my dad and I visited here. It is quite a nice scenery, and I'd recommend people to go visit here if they have time.
and its still 0-0. Wow. edit: I just realized it's in Saitama too. Honestly thought this game would be like 3-0 by now, especially with how well Japan's been playing, under halilhodzic.
that second place team really bothers me.
everytime announcer says Shibasaki it just makes me giggle because it sounds like a swear word in my native language haha
i only watched parts of the game, but the singapore's keeper was just on fire today.
&gt;themselves are uneducated I don't know if I could agree with that. I understand where you're coming from, but many of these mothers (probably looking at mothers born sometime between 1965~1975 if we consider the kids age to be teenagers now) were attending high school around the 80s and many in this generation also went on to attend universities too. In the 80s, the country was already in a better position than when it was the 60s~70s that most people were able to attend upto high school. This is more than enough education to consider themselves not "uneducated" in my opinion. Other than that fact, I agree with the latter part.
I've been a diehard Steelers since I've known football. In 2005 I got harassed so much because Steelers (with some bad calls by the refs) beat the Seahawks in the Super Bowl. It always bothered me seeing the number of "bandwagoners" of Hawks fans in Vancouver in the last couple years. I just fucking lost it when the City Hall decided to fly the Hawks flag in the Super Bowl suddenly, I just found that to be beyond idiotic. yeah there might be a lot of Hawks fans in Vancouver, but Vancouver isn't Seattle.
Onodera bike? Why would you get something that is bound to crash and burn? jk jk
Do or die for both sides! I expect this match to be extremely exciting. Best of luck for Spain, and go Korea!
what a header. Game's back on again!
Korea's scored 3 goals this tournament and 2 of them came from really sick headers haha
Although I mostly agree with this, I doubt the KFA will spend more money on coaching position to get a foreign manager.
yes! go korea!
park the bus!
MY FUCKING GOD HOLY SHIT YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
To see my team even reach the finals, we're going to have to go through France, then Germany/Sweden, then most likely U.S. Those are womens teams ranked 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 5th. It would be a miracle of a miracle to see them even get to the final. Edit: Here are my (slightly biased) picks for the bracket. China over Cameroon Germany over Sweden Korea over France Austrailia over Brazil Japan over Netherlands Norway over England Canada over Switzerland **Quarters** US over China Germany over Korea Japan over Austrailia Norway over Canada **Semis** Germany over US Japan over Norway **final** Germany over Japan I think Japan's gonna have a fairly easy battle to the final, while all the other top level teams are grouped on the one side. Germany should come out on top though imo.
Hey hey, we pulled a tie against you guys ;) Let me believe!
They got the article right, it clearly says blackhawks won. Whoever came up with that title clearly couldn't follow up properly.
Thanks for the quick response. Only reason why I'm leveling Kako is because of her Kai2 (love the looks myself) but I don't really have a reason to level up Takao/Atago tbh. Instead of them I can focus on Myoukou class I guess...As for tone class I only have one medal atm and I was planning on using it on Yamashiro. As for expeditions I'll defs take a look at them, and finishing marriage quest is not far away! haha
[Love the artist so I randomly started searching for the artists works and found this.](http://i.imgur.com/qlHfxA5.jpg) Idk if this has been posted before but I think it's friggin adorable.
Anything can happen in the knockout stage obviously but I just don't see us beating you guys unless if some kind of magical upset happens.
I was able to read it in my native language because it was translated and it has about 5 chapters out right now... and the general idea is that the dude and the girl (who looks to be dead) were childhood friends but they drifted apart, but the dudes still in love with her. Then the future him comes back from the future and says she will die tonight, and world will end if you do not marry the girl. So future dude decided to invent the girl who can pull out magical items out of her bag - kinda like doraemon(the loli robot)so that the present dude can alter the future and successfully marry the girl. Noone really dies and so far 5 chapters in it's not a grim story at all.
Tbh I'm not sure. Maybe he was secretly a lolicon at the time, and the older him made a loli robot so maybe he just likes lolis.
Other than all the extremely ecchi stuff, it's quite comedic.
I dont think major tv networks didn't buy the broadcasting rights for this world cup, but don't quote me on it.
How did you know about game? * I knew about it for a while, just from seeing it in the media and so on. Just never really got into it until anime started. Why you start playing the game? * Eh when I heard about them a year or so ago, I was always interested in playing then I saw that it was only available in Japan so I never really bothered. Then I was running out of games to play and figured I'd give this a try as anime started. How long you play the game? * Literally started the day after anime started, so January this year? How long you play game in a day? * ehh not often. Just to check expeditions and I'll do random grinds once in a while. School takes priority over everything. Since school's done for the year now Ive been grinding hard, because I'll be travelling for the next month or so. How long will you play this game? * This is a weird question. Until I get bored of this game and I dont see it happening anytime soon If you get ban will you play again? * Probably, although I'd be quite pissed if it happened. Who did you pick at the start? * Inazuma nanodesu What is your goal for the game? * tbh, there isn't one. I just want to be able to level a lot of ships and get many of them to kai ni and so on. Do you have all ship girls? * God I wish. I don't think I'll ever reach that point. Have you finish all worlds? * no. Still in world 5. taking my time. What is your favorite not favorite map? * Favourite, probably 3-2 because I get to level ships on there. As for least favourite? 2-4. I was stuck there forever. RNG hated me. What class is your favorite? * Definitely battleships. Love seeing them just wreak havoc. Probably after them is Destroyers. The feel when you see them crit at night battle and put up tons of damage excites me. Who is your favorite? * Ro-chan (sadly I don't have her) Haruna, I'm in love with Kako's new Kai ni so I started leveling her from yesterday. She's at 62 now. 3 levels to go! Who is your highest level? * 98 Haruna. i've focused on making my ships level evenly high, so only time I try to level up my haruna is during PvP. Who you want to see added to game or get kai ni? * Uh... takao/atago, shimakaze/yukikaze, and maybe yamato/musashi? Favorite enemy? * none Do you play with other kancolle things? Buy things? * I collect some nendoroids but that's about it. Have you spend money on game? * Yeah. like 50 bucks I think? Do you know Japanese? * My dad's company back home deals often with Japanese companies so I know how to speak a little bit, but that's about it. Can't write and stuff tho. Do you use KCV or the other one? * I use KC3. chrome extension makes things easier and also I own 2 computers (PC at home, macbook air for lectures and so on) and it makes it eaasy to go back and forth.
Didn't really care if we won or lost - us getting here in my eyes is a successful run. It does hurt to see that they let in 2 goals in first 10 mins or so... because it really looks like theyve settled down a bit, but being down 2-0 already is going to hurt a lot.
Good. Brazil and their diving tactics are a disgrace.
I've never had problems and I torrented a fair bit. I think they throttle your internet speed if you use it way too much (or thats how i felt at least when I used the internet in dorms and stuff) but that was about it.
Tbh, I think the art quality wasn't that bad for the show considering diomedia at the time was doing so many shows at the same time. They did world break at the same time which animation wise was an absolute disaster, fafnir which was meh, and that show about magical boys which I have no idea about. I think it showed that diomedia was focusing on kancolle at the time, but some quality failures were bound to happen
Id be so sad if Meier got picked up by LA. I love the dude but I hate the kings :(
* check kancolle at 5pm mytime (when the quests reset) and do the daily's, and get most of them over with. * If I'm on my computer working on something or playing some game, or playing kancolle, I'll run the 2/3/5 or 2/5/6 expedition. If I'm busy, away from comp or whatever, I usually run 21/37/38. * Ill spend few hours a day or if I'm not doing anythimg important I'll mindlessly run 3-2 or 4-3 to level up some ships.
I used to get that a lot. I just played a lot of girl characters because I liked their hairstyles more... :(
My God Umaru chan is finally here and its done by Doga Kobo! Yes!
this is what exactly happens. As soon as she puts her hamster hoodie/jacket or whatever on she just changes from being that "perfect" girl to a lazy bum. The thing is [very mild spoiler](/s "Most people can't tell if both forms of umaru chan are the same person.")
When I was growing up I had a couple of native friends and in high school we'd jokingly make fun of our native friends about all the benefits they get and how lazy they are and stuff. Obviously we grew up and stopped doing that and we might not talk as often as we used to but I consider all of us as good friends. After reading this thread I feel like an idiot and I feel ashamed for doing such so, I wonder what my friends felt when they heard our jokes, even though there was no ill intentions behind them.
Ron Hextall, Kerry Huffman, Steve Duchsne, Mike Ricci, Peter Forsberg, 2 First round picks, and 15 million dollars.
Daley wouldn't work as we are cap tight and have plenty of youngsters in defense that wants to come up and play. Mid-2nd pick for Lack is too low in my eyes, especially when Talbot for 2 2nd rounds got rejected.
Benning is worst GM ever (especially after Sbisa re-signing)
I'd love Lucic, and he's a hometown boy, but... I think his heart already left Vancouver with numerous instances, and Miller detests Lucic, and so on.
If someone told me Dubnyk would top the top 30 UFA list last year, I would have laughed my ass off.
I'm pretty sure they are at the stop light. You can see the lights for the intersecting street on the picture.
Maybe the general consensus with mixed race kids will be completely different when she's old enough to go to school.
If you're still a Korean citizen (travelling with Korean passport etc) there should be a SIN number for you... If you left long ago and got a citizenship of whatever country you're living in, then no chance.
I woulda preferred Benn or even fucking Perry... edit: Just realized they have 3 covers together from 2010-2015, they won the same number of cups. Coincidence? I think not.
I wouldn't mind seeing Doughty on the cover.
I don't hate you guys that much. I am just disappointed at EA's lack of thought process.
youtube and TSN comments, always avoid those.
So Max contract for re-signing is 8 years. In your words, he should get 9 million first 3 years, with a 8 year $5mil AAV. That'd mean he'd take 13 million the next 5 years, which means he'd get paid 2.6 million a year. This would be a stupid contract for Gio to take and even stupider for Calgary to offer, and this is best scenario for 5mil AAV. If he was given 5-6 year contract due to his age, this would mean he'd get paid 9 million first 3 years then get paid 1 million the next 3. That just won't happen.
Given he's 31, I think Calgary will hope to sign him for about 3-4 years, with a contract of around 6.5-7.5mil. Even for Gio, 9 is just too high.
I'd be okay if this award was re-named to be "Fuck Messier Award."
I was doing the math on the fact that you said you'd be okay with him getting 9mil for 2-3 years, although not over 5mil AAV and how it was impossible. Other than that, I agree that he is not a 9 million dollar AAV kind of a player. I agree with the fact that him not being able to keep up the current performance when he gets older. That's obvious. Your GM would be stupid to give what he wants. However, he is worth more than getting paid 5mil a year even in a long term contract (4-6 years?), IMO.
This reminds me of some NFL articles I read where it said Cam Newton will be a bust(iirc one of the argument that he will be was that because he was a proven winner...like what?) and JJ Watt will also be an absolute bust (because he was a pizza boy in college...seriously.) These articles sure give me a good laugh.
I think ever since he got drafted, he became a face of your franchise and seems like hes done great things on and off the field. The type of guy who you'd love to have on your team. Not only that, I think the Panthers are such an amazing organization that loves reaching out to its fans beyond what theyre expected to. Whenever I hear a news about them in the offseason, it's always something amazing. Just like that Charleston shooting where the organization decided to donate 100k for the funeral and so on. Such a classy organization.
TBH, the same. I absolutely hated Cam Newton in college because I only cheer for Oregon in college football and Newton seemed like someone who only wanted attention, considering the media in the states covered a lot of stuff about him at the time. It was pretty obvious he was going to make the NFL, but at the time he was drafted there was a small part of me that wanted him to fail, but hes turned out to be a great person and a great player.
Oh damn it is coming to north America soon eh. Must get my hands on it.
I know he's with boston and all, but sadly I'll always have a soft spot for lucic and what he did with the giants. Only worry is that he'd be a teammate with miller, and it is obvious that they do not like each other.
If he does end up going to SJ I hope he gets a standing ovation on his first game back.
I can already tell that Shouhou kai looks amazing!
my god if that actually is true I will sell my soul to Benning
Watched the last episode last night... and after such a great run, I wasn't a big fan of the ending. I am obviously not gonna spoil anything, but I figured I'd put my 2 cents in here. The ride was great though, I had it as a 9 and it was dropped to an 8
I started watching gintama few weeks ago and for a while, it just left me thinking, "wtf am i watching?" However after a certain point I was laughing at almost every episode. It doesn't start strong but it gets soo much better.
idk if you been to montreal but you can get around without speaking french perfectly fine or thats how I felt when I was in Montreal
You better thank us for that :( If we trade for lucic somehow today then it comes a full cycle.
my brain says barzal, my heart says Timo.
you could jump to a nucks bandwagon and get our heritage classic ones ;)
Could just be testing if the board functions properly after a trade.
looks like the laces are gone.
Tampa Bay Dallas Ottawa STL Winnipeg
Enjoy your time there! hope both of you have a blast.
They do, but they really need both players to perform at their best and it's really hard to move 14 million worth of cap hit to any other team. On top of that the sedins bleed blue and green. They've meant so much to vancouver on and off the ice that they are not going to get traded.
WERE NEXT WERE NEXT GIVE US RASK AND WE WILL ENTERTAIN THE NHL FOR ANOTHER YEAR
Hey, I'm all for passing the torch to you guys on the goalie controversy. Jones, Subban and Rask would be fun.
true fans stick to their team through rough times. be a man. (or a woman if youre female)
that leaves them to what, ~5mil for 5 players?
yeah they most likely will. But even if the 5 guys have minimum contracts, they will only have like less than a mil left with 23 players signed. No room for anyone decent there.
Mackinnon to Vancouver for a 1st round pick? MacKinnon vs Henrik Sedin: battle for the 1st line centre!
Go Eichel!
What a bust! but in all seriousness GL to him. and WTF is with that jersey? Not a fan of orange base on oilers jerseys.
I'm a season ticket holder for the Mooseheads and the lady that sits beside me billets for Timo. She said that he is the nicest kid that she's known, and he is destined to be successful. Amazing, quality guy with fantastic skills. I'm extremely jealous for San Jose and I hope he has a great run with them.
I think from what I've seen he will get another year in Halifax, then he will be undoubtedly ready for the Sharks.
I was really hoping that we'd trade bieksa + goalie and w/e for your 9th pick so that we could go after Timo but it didn't happen :(
I definitely think the sharks did the right thing by keeping the pick. I just wanted that pick :(
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO FEEL?
Mooseheads season ticket holder here. Timo was already scoring more than point a game when Ehlers was in the NHL camp. It was pretty evident that he was able to produce scoring on his own with worse linemates. This kid is going to be a great player for you guys. Hes not a stereotypical European hockey player. He wil fight for that puck by the boards. With his size, he will be able to bully people and score those garbage goals. I dont expect him to start for you guys this coming here, but I'd give it a year or two and he will be a solid Power forward who will fit right into your team. Also an extremely smart, and an overall nice guy.
Im pretty shaft said something like they will animate all of nisioisin's monogatari series until it concludes.
my god the dedication... at least you got good drops along the way. i got a uzuki in 2-5 then 2 in e-3...ended up scrapping 2 of them. cherish your rabbit.
Thank you! I appreciate it. This definitely clears it up for me. I figured I'd give at least a day or two cushion in Europe just in case something went wrong. Thanks again!
I assume youre asking when these quests will be taken down? Id have to guess until the next update.
~~I think the first 2 and 2nd two are tied together. I think one of the tweets said something like "if you are far enough, the two quests will unlock" or something like that. So my assumption is you'd need to get to 6-2 to unlock both 4-2 and 6-2 quests.~~ ~~Just a guess though.~~ edit: apparently you need to clear B18.
&gt;04. 347 One punch man perfect
Good work! I only got 7 points though :(
is this for real? Earins were my very first kickstarter that I backed and the whole ordeal has been just more than frustrating. On top of that they sent you a piece of fucking wood. I'd be livid. Good luck getting to them because their support is worse than shit.
im so sorry to hear that man. if you ever do get a reply, id just ask for a full refund and save your money. ive used the product for few weeks now and while they sound nice, the right headphone keeps dropping in and out, especially when youre walking or running or whatever. its the most annoying thing i have to go through whenever im walking to school.
honestly think its just a really bad fuckup from earin's end. this is what [the case](http://imgur.com/VVrZazt) looks like, the design looks like it's a block of wood. It would have to take a very bad fuckup for this to happen, but I guess it happened unfortunately for OP.
i really hope not, but considering earin's been absolutely shitty, that wouldn't surprise me.
too add on this, this was the kickstarter timeline: Estimated delivery: Jan 2015 Dec of 2014: there was a delay, they will most likely be shipped after chinese new year (late feb of 2015) March 2015: delay in getting batteries, will be delayed to may of 2015 April 2015: Issues with antenna, delayed to July 2015 (which clearly hasnt been fixed, from what my usage of the product so far) June 2015: Mass production about to start, delayed to aug 2015 July 2015: stretch goal of waterproof headphones failed, sorry for not making our goal Aug 2015: delayed to september Sept 2015: will start shipping 2nd week of sept, and the rest by mid october Oct 2015: first 250 units shipped, 8000+ more to go Nov 2015: Most shipped, last 800 people got screwed over. But it's okay, they are available at Best Buy!
i beg to differ. He has a shit reputation in Halifax, his hometown.
ive heard of number of stories where he caused issues and tried to get away with it just because hes "brad marchand" on top of that the way he plays hockey I just can't get myself to like him. I'm sure you had a great experience with him when you worked with him and I respect that but don't forget he has to keep his "public image" figure in Boston.
no offence to simple plan fans but it's so weird seeing them performing here. Haven't heard their music since my early days of high school and that's almost 10 years ago.
bout time for the bruins
i think doc forgot who pats played that day for a second.
4-2 really hates me. I can't seem to go to boss node. Its driving me insane.
eller didnt take his gloves off..?
ouch
yeah i meant like "eller didnt take his gloves off, why is hayes fighting him and refs allowing this?"
I definitely take things with a grain of salt. But still, I've met people who were his neighbours when he was growing up, his family friends, and many others who's met him personally and they all had same ideas about him. It was hard to convince me otherwise at that point.
I was never sold on him and considering he went max on posting I thought we'd have to pay an arm and a leg. But man this contract is beautiful. If he plays well, then pay the man. If he struggles or gets injured not that deep into his contract, then it doesn't even cost the dodgers that much. Beautiful work, dodgers.
just curious, I cant remember but did we do a kesler tribute last year? I just remember a lot of boos
what's going on? As a mooseheads fan I just wanted to see him be successful in Tampa...
I think about it every night and day Spread my wings and fly away
Wow McKeown saved us a goal
we did a PK boys
looks like canada sure came with a plan today. Love it.
http://hackey69.1apps.com/
Gotta throw big hits to piss them off, and keep his composure. Annoy the hell out of the Finns. Seems like it's working so far
Wow, this game's been so exciting I didn't know time went so fast.
Canada literally LPL
probably is, he has a finnish citizenship
for fucks sake get new fucking glass
no thanks
how the FUCK does marner get a penalty for that shit?
hey look hicketts pushed a man you should give him fucking 2 minutes too refs
at least we got McCann from 2014 draft...
I counted at least 2 or 3 weak shots that he should have saved with ease.
I dont even know what to do with virtanen anymore.
Blackwood should be happy that Virtanen is taking all the blame, considering his sorry ass performance today.
not all 9 of them were idiotic, but yeah
I had a season ticket beside a lady who billets for Timo Meier. great freaking individual. She's billeted players for years, but she said Meier is one of the nicest kid she's seen. And hes also really smart. I think he speaks like 5 languages or something like that?
??? young defenceman who picked his game up this year and we traded him for 3rd?
wtf? why do we need boyes?
but hes 19
Do whatever you want, you're marrying her not us
oh oops i thought you were talking about his age haha
so demko and shinkaruk for drouin boyes for 2 thirds sbisa for a third so when we're trying to get a lot younger, we traded for a 33 year old, got a young player with issues and got sent down to the minors, lost draft picks, lost our promising future goalie, and lost a young serviceable dman whos improving been improving? who the hell is our GM and why's he not fired yet?
You sir did not do the math right either. We never made it to the finals in 1996. It was 94.
on top of that, if he plays for about 4 more seasons and puts up at least 25 wins a season (which is easily doable for lou barring injuries) he will be 3rd in wins. #3 in wins and #4 in Shutouts, idk what more he would have to do to be in the HoF. (other than win a stanley cup i guess)
wouldn't want to give up any of those for drouin. Most I would go is maybe like shinkaruk + bit more. But yeah I don't see us honestly trading for him.
We will probably take a swing at it. We probably wont get it. Theyre going to ask for some high end prospects back and you know we wont give many of them up.
that if we do get a chance, we should take a good hard look at those finnish draft eligibles because they seem like they will be good players in the NHL
I love the bills tonight
I remember the last time Steelers made the playoffs as a sixth seed and played the bengals in the wild card round. Exactly 10 years ago.
i thought you were triggered about your loss. And as for us and borderline plays... to be honest same can be said for your team too. It's just what is expected of when two heated division rivals go against each other.
I personally don't think it's a foul. I'd wear it with pride if your grandma got it as a gift. Very cool idea from her. My very first jersey was a jersey with my name on it. I got it when I first moved to Canada about 13 years ago, and while I grew out of it, I never thought of it as a jersey foul.
I know this is not LCS, but I think SKT in LCK will break the curse of champions not returning to worlds. In NA, I think TSM will have a top 3 finish in spring, and finally gel together as a team and win in summer.
we mainstream now boys
looking at his stats, he was 3966 one year and another year he was 3841. so close
we could start having all stars in Bahamas
&gt;curse of champions not returning to worlds I don't know how much more I need to be descriptive of that.
someone should come up with a new sport called beach hockey (i mean theres beach volleyball, beach football, beach soccer etc so why not) and that will be our all star format
I suggest Halifax, NS. You guys can all crash at my place, I know some good bars, all you guys will need to pay is just a low flight price of ~$1000 round trip. no biggie. edit: according to google it's actually ~700 round trip. even better. I can even throw in a raffle prize. I'm willing to give away my #39 Cody Hodgson Canucks jersey to a lucky winner. One of a kind!
The scenery is nice in some parts of the atlantic, but after living in Halifax for 3 years, i really miss vancouver haha
Tbh hes been playing very well since he got called up.
I was so close to shedding a tear from such an inspirational story.I think he's got the skills to be the next Don cherry
guys we finally can put an end to a decade old debate... Daniel&gt;Henrik confirmed
Tigers for sure. More popular team, bigger crowd.
so I should just go ahead and get that C on my horvat jersey right now, right? :P
He was going to sign with a MLB team before he turned pros in japan. Nippon ham fighters drafted him, convinced him (supposedly gave him a list of players who went straight from Korea to MLB after high school; list is underwhelming) and I think also promised him that they will let him go through posting if any mlb team is interested in him. He really wanted to play in mlb over playing in japan. Idk that said team was the dodgers though, but there was probably good chance that it was.
I'm sure Japanese teams don't like it because they're taking away their prospects, and I think most high profile players prefer to play in japan and build their name before go to MLB. But I think ootani was just a special case where he reaaallly wanted to start in the MLB, but his current team managed to work hard and convinced him otherwise.
horvat jerseys will cost more but it would be worth it considering the time and effort for adding the patches myself
no. i'm sure they give them out when it is all set. They wouldnt just have all the exam schedule done and don't post it to public.
i mean i think it just comes down to money and comfort. Cubans come to MLB at a young age because they don't have a league that would pay remotely close to what they would get in MLB. Japanese professional baseball is undoubtedly the biggest sports league in Japan and these players, if they're good, can gain huge popularity and money (not as much as MLB, but still in the million) while staying at home and speaking your native language. In Ootani's case he told himself he would go to MLB before he was convinced otherwise. I doubt many other prospects need much convincing when you can play your favourite game in your own home speaking your own language and so on. It's not easy for these young kids right after high school to live in a whole new environment.
learn from your mistakes, but don't let it get it over your head.
Well I'm canadian and i got hockey going for me so I'm hanging in there all right at the moment.
15 wins &amp; 15 home runs. 250K and .250 average. make it happen
if it's brand new, that's 100% covered under a warranty. You just won't be able to see your baby for couple weeks.
tried to make the save but the puck went past his glove
Bo and Bae make my pants very wet
youre in for a freaking fun ride. I read the manga few weeks ago, thinking meh i'll just kill some time tonight. My god it was one of the most thrilling mangas I've ever read. Since then I've been just pumped for the anime adaptation.
Were the only canadian team that is on this map. Gotta start our American conquest somewhere
2nd high lvl yamato, cuz why not?
might have wished for just a little more to come our way (maybe a 2nd or something) but ya youre fairly spot on.
we gave up a player who now plays for a edmonton's AHL team and a low rounder and got prust who gave us good depth in the lineup. but an overpayment, right? Same for sutter, we have a player who really played really well whereever in the lineup he went before he got injured for a player whos simply struggling and a player who is in the AHL but that's also an overpayment, am I right?
hahaha i was adding on to your point. I knew you were being sarcastic. I was being sarcastic myself too
If we win like this, this is the worst win imaginable
I'll take the win... but my god just a brutal day against a league one team
I liked it
what kind of tinfoil hat you wearing there?
No Fun League
u mean the steelers?
what the fuck was that weber
"it's not a catch"
Bo-Bae is just fucking beautiful I just want to cry
woah calm your tits there buddy. Wishing death upon anyone is not cool
stay classy, cincy fans
you savage
hopefully its more civil than this one. Tbh cant get any worse than this one
i think he shoved the ~~refs~~steelers coaches who were carrying brown back to the sideline from the clip i saw
edler with a beauty of a fucking kick.
he was helping brown come off the field
BO HORVAT MARRY ME
ugh
wow, I offered so much for you guys to come to Halifax, yet you guys turned it down? You guys are missing out. In all seriousness, enjoy the night and have a good one!
Montoya swung at him first and missed. What do you want dorsett to do, just skate away?
ever since miller went down with an injury hes been on point. He has a glaring weakness on his high glove side though, hopefully he can fix it.
ha! you liar, I live in an apartment, not a house!
I obviously would be okay if he signed with us for like 2/3 of what he's making now, but I highly highly would doubt that would happen.
holy fuck I've never seen this bias of a commentary in my life
only one thing left for City of Calgary to do now. Win the Powerball. Use the money to build the new arena. Problem solved.
http://imgur.com/a/7z5BH I went back and screenshot a bit by bit right after dorsett skated to Florida's bench. His right arm doesnt even move until he "leans on" with his right arm to their bench and montoya pushes him off, followed by his missed swing. Then dorsett pushes and punches him back. you'd have to be at least [this guy](http://imgur.com/KfmbxXW) for your arm to actually reach petrovich.
id pay to watch a goon 3 movie about players donating tons of money to charities and putting up tons of points in the NHL. Fucking lowlifes doing typical lowlife shit.
literally every screenshot were less than quarter of a second each, but okay. Dorsett must have a supermanlike skills that makes him punch a person that fast, am I right?
I'll take a free gold, thanks
I kinda feel your pain. I mean, we drop 4 spots when were literally playing best hockey since the start of the season.
does it not ship to Canada? I dont see the list for canadian provinces.
&gt;Brady hasn't played the Steelers in the playoffs since '04 &gt;So during a 10 year stretch
3rd in the division, 6th in division in power rankings. Just another day for the Canucks.
watched him play here twice last year and he got pulled in one of them... small sample size but my opinion on him is quite low. not many good goalies just come out of the Q.
Hes lucky that hes in the mlb right now. The juicidal system in korea practically gsve him a free pass and only fined him 7 grand. He sure wasnt gonna go back to hanshin or any other team in npb. He is suspended for half a season if he ever decides to sign with a korean team. Man as a man with korean ethnicity i want to see him do well but man after finding out what he did i am very diaappointed in him. Whatever, i started cheering for hanshin because of him but this isnt gonna stop me from staying a hanshin tigers fan.
Needs a peanut butter licking fingers reference.
Depends on the school and the program it offers. For example, my schools commerce program is purely 1 term of classes and 1 term of internship for 5 years. So you have to do 5 internships before you graduate. The program im in, which is a branch of management, is 4 and a half years of school and 1 term of internships.
the things I've been reading on my facebook lately, I would have believed you were one of them lunatics if you didn't put that /s.
yeup. I miss the days when I would do all my shopping in the states and also drive to the border to get gas &amp; 12 pack of beer and save at least $20 bucks that day. it was really nice living only 5 mins away from the border. Haven't done that in a while.
he got caught gambling run by korean gangs in macau. Gambling is illegal in korea.
nope, just baccarat iirc.
You have to apply back every time. I mean if the first place likes you so much, then they would probably want to take you back every internship and I don't see a problem with that. However the program exists to get you as much working experience as possible in many different fields, so if I were in my school's commerce program (few of my friends are in it) i would not want to go back to same place 5 times in a row haha
hey we should pick hodgson up, I gotta make use of my hodgson jersey that I bought like 7 years ago.
tanakas : "kasumi kai ni level - 90"
yes. i want to pull my hodgson jersey and put it to use for the first time in like 4 years. Serious answer? no freaking thanks.
how much cap relief do we get now? do we get a full 2.5mil space?
I really fucking hope that's not true. I fucking hate Thornton but that would be taking classlessness to a whole new level. If its true I hope Lou and their captain Mitchell fucking give him shit.
It's in nashville, and It's pretty logical to have many fairly popular/up and coming country artists playing. It feels like I'm one of very rare country music fan in reddit, but I'm quite excited.
A lot of Ontario boys love country too.
Well, only certain forms of gambling is illegal. There is the government-run lottery, sports betting, and horse racing. (Any of these that is run by a private individual/company is illegal) What's banned for koreans is just simply casinos. table games, slots, etc. There are casinos in Korea, but you have to hold citizenship from different countries to get in I think. However, lets say if youre a korean and went to macau or vegas to do a bit of vacationing and spent couple thousand bucks playing blackjack or baccarat. not a big deal. However if your intention is to only gamble when visiting cities like these tends to become an issue. If you spend/make too much money, then it becomes an issue. Oh (and his ex teammates in Samsung) were reported to spend around six figures in american dollars in cash at the gambling tables, and thats a big no no.
A man who's a defensive liability and can't skate? Only upside he had was scoring few years ago and he can't even do that anymore. He's just not that good.
I have a feeling you live in Montreal. and also a man can only hope
sedins with dorsett... just no
It was 10 thousand who got the early access and then got locked in, around 6 thousand survived.
really thought the puck went in thanks to the black tape on the butt end of markstrom's stick
bart is absolute garbage or a genius who benning brought in from boston to continue our stealthtank
thank you we wont fail you
well, bartkowski wanted to stealthtank, but Bo was having none of it. It's all your freaking fault, Bo. /s edit:[my jerseys of the 2 mvps tonight!](http://imgur.com/D332Vkk)
bartkowski + shinkaruk. NHL roster dman and a prospect whos scoring almost ppg in the AHL is a grade A prospect right? ;)
ehh shinkaruk is a good prospect. Joke was more on bartkowski, haha
I originally bought a Schneider jersey and maybe few months after that he got traded and I was pretty pissed off. When lou got traded for markstrom+ and found out that he was gonna wear 35 I just changed the nameplate because I just wanted the jersey of a player that's currently on the team. Also I like getting jerseys of players who are up and coming; I had the horvat jersey customized maybe 4 months after he was drafted. Didn't really know he was gonna be good this early and everyone would jump on getting his jersey too lol
he has the potential to be a good 1st line centre, but I think he would be better as a 2nd line two way centre in a really good team, like what kesler was like for us back in the early 2010s.
man deslausiers with them splits. When the Rangers hero Glass pushed him with the stick in the groin area, I cringed a little.
so another high draft pick for drouin 1 for 1? I think Tampa will like Gaunce for Drouin ;)
he really did step his game up. Last year he was a nightmare with his turnovers but it seems like he stepped his game overall before he went down with a injury. I used to give him so much shit last year but I never thought there would be the day where I would say I'm glad hes back for us after a fairly long injury.
man, horrible, horrible clock management.
no no. Our first round pick this year is staying with us. Plus it wouldn't make sense for tampa, they wanted a dman who could be in their lineup right away and a prospect. When theyre making a push for a playoff and a deep run, it wouldn't make sense for them to trade for things that wont affect them right away.
Man, this playoffs has been just beautiful. Drama, comebacks, its just got everything a football fan wants. And were not even half way there.
I was not at all serious in my proposal. Mine was the reference to the naslund trade between pittsburgh and vancouver, when we swapped our players who were both high 1st round picks but were underperforming at the time. Hence, the gaunce (our first round pick) for tampas drouin. It was just a joke.
Really? 5 slides for an article?
I felt like watching Kingsman last night so I just had the game on mute in the 2nd half. I regret it so much :(
100%. If Burrows can lead these kids to decent to good players for us in the NHL, it would be amazing for us. I really really hope Burrows retire with us.
does peyton get paid for doing the ads? or maybe because hes the owner of some stores he volunteers to do it for free?
grats, and heres to many more!
Another pass interference not called
doesnt even surprise me anymore. This sums up our season so far.
Another year, another goalie controversy?
I wasn't gonna bother with kasumi kai ni until I heard that she will most likely be important for the next event... got her from 1 to 75 in 2 days, and gonna try to get her to 80 before the server goes down... hopefully her kai ni is around 80.
every bedroom.
how often do the CVLs take mvp in node F/K/D?
ah, thank you!
http://www.ticketlink.co.kr/global/en you buy tickets from this website for this season. You used to have to contact OGN but this is where you buy them now. April is too far out for you to be able to grab any tickets, youd have to wait until then. A quick google search said the spring final is on April 23rd, so you might be able to catch a semi final game or something.
It looks like just a sidetail for me
Dude thought that arare was going to get kai ni so he grinded her to lvl 80, but it was kasumi was the one that got kai ni
mine is Bank of Montreal. Wouldn't they find it suspicious that I call them within minutes and give them a different answer?
were allowing too many SOG
Thank you so much for the advice, i appreciate it.
now this would cause a real rage.
Talk about a butterfly affect
The levels on your ships are fairly evened out so thats not bad... one glaring weakness i see from a quick glance is that you should be leveling ooi and kitakami to higher lvl. They are crucial at times.
yeah, usually the first couple maps are doable even if youre new, just make sure to try to save your resources and buckets too.
holy fuck if we win a bronze medal that means all the players get to skip the 2 year military service. sign that man up
they might not be country superstars, but they are still great artists.
whats will got to do with nashville?
im in a dynasty league... i actually climbed from 6th to 1st since mcdavid and price got injured. idk how.
thats what I figured.
hey now they lost 4 in a row. Ours wasn't thaaaaaat bad.
markstrom.
probably just gonna try to go for unryuu or amagi (if theyre available) and finish the maps and end my event there. Need all the resources I can save for Spring/Summer event as I'll be travelling... I'll have access to Kancolle but wont be able to check as much.
420 blaze it recipe never lies
I remember the times when Dallas got hundreds of car accidents last year i think when they got an inch of snow, or in Atlanta when they got that random snowstorm and cars got stuck in highways for like 5 days.
The fan death. I was born and grew up in Korea. Parents would never ever let me have my fan on when I went to bed. Was told I could die.
Matt Bartkowski sucks at hockey and hates the environment? Man Fuck that guy! /s
420/420/420/420
damn, the east shoulda went for the hail mary on the last play, that would have put them up by 2 points.
yes. and fuck up LA's cap situation even more. Please.
kotori needs more birds
He was second in goals last year...
I hate this rocket mortgage ad. They assume everyone likes rockets. I'm from South Korea. I fucking hate north korea and their shitty ass rockets.
this makes me moist.
just curious, how do these kind of bonuses affect the salary cap?
Your hq lvl - 104 Current bucket count - 1143 Current resource count - 180k/180k/236k/91.5k What difficulty you want to take on - hard. Your goal for buckets one day before the event starts - 1350
what the...mother of god
Howd sutter look?
Kevin connauton doesnt have that many points in 129 games. You made an error
idk how thin the oilers' defense is, but hes a serviceable 7th dman who will fill the 6th dman role nicely if someone is injured. Not a bad pickup for Edmonton.
[and here is peyton's.](http://i.imgur.com/dFHgySI.gif)
NO THREAD IS SAFE
Would make zero sense to go after him when we're specifically focusing on trying to sell our own older, pending UFAs.
this is the korean guy who frequently posts on ruriweb! First Korean animator who got hired by JC staff few years ago. I didn't know he did an interview. Pretty cool.
he must be hella talkative.
try /r/hockeyjerseys. bure one also looks fake to me just sayin
Ah, the kid that had multiple tweets bitching about the canucks and had to delete them as soon as he got drafted. Honestly don't think he has the skillset to be in the nhl in my humble opinion
If he was better than he was 15 years ago, that means he can only be better 15 years from now. I expect him to break single season scoring records in 2031.
he deleted all the tweets about it after people rode him hard. and then posted [this.](https://twitter.com/hockey_gaud/status/614926731259047937) thats all I can find atm.
You gotta remember that when he posted these tweets he was just probably a high school kid. If I was being judged for shit I said in high school my life is probably ruined by now. But it shows that you gotta really watch out what you say on social media.
I agree with you 100%. I would have done the same thing and be royal to the NHL team who gives me an opportunity, no matter which team.
they have some interesting answers to some weird interview questions. Like [this one.](https://twitter.com/hoseacheung/status/439163088030683136)
I'd have to assume if he wins the tournament. I think the winning team split the million bucks individually.
my eyes are flowing with tears of freedom
one of my favourite songs and they butchered the CG. Everytime I hear that song I feel like crying but when I watched that for the first time I was just so confused.
i usually just keep a few damaged ships from sparkling 1-1 runs and if i dont have any i just send a few low level submarines to random nodes and let them take damage
Im triggered so hard right now
wtf they actually did it
yeah top 3 qualified for the olympics. It was just for bragging rights &amp; probably better seeding when it the draw takes place.
RNG giveth, and taketh away.
I personally think B41 is worse.
we need to go deeper.
do you just do min LSC once every day?
I am horrible with sarcasm. I really hope this is sarcasm.
interesting random fact, his mom was in the Soviet Olympic basketball team.
Kim with the nice save
damnnnnnn what a shot by silva
such a beauty
Korea beat Spain in world Cup quarter finals in their own home soil with some questionable officiating
welp good night boys
its probably also got to do with that in the last two times we played you guys they were both right before a major tournament, and you guys won both games (1-0 in 2010 before the WC, 4-1 in 2012 before the Euro) and then went on to win the tournament. Maybe we kinda became your good luck charm
jesus what the fuck is with our defence
Im staying up in hopes that we score at least a goal. please :( edit: LEARN TO TAKE A FUCKING SHOT JI edit 2:yayy we scored... I think our forwards looked fine, just the defence was wtf worthy
also good chunk of our roster flew in last night due to scheduling conflict with their prospective pro teams. We are nowhere near our best condition. Not justifying the result of the current game, but to judge our whole team based on this single game is extremely idiotic.
considering he hasnt had much opportunities in porto, hes looking good so far.
i think he will this summer. I hope so.
this is the worst defensive effort ive seen from our team since the loss against algeria in 2014 world cup
man Kim's had a real shit game today.
June 1st, proceed to lose 6-1. Its a sign In all seriousness the the defence and kim the keeper looked absolutely atrocious.
what would have happened for you guys if Kim got sent down to the minors before the season started after all that mess I'm so happy for Kim. he's making the Koreans proud right now
Jungs been a backup since our lackluster performance at the 2014 world Cup. I think Kim seung Kyu and Kim Jin hyun shares starting duties and Jung is a 3rd stringer
good chunk of Koreans who follow hockey are probably nucks fans because of how much Korean population we have in the city. source: me
our keepers are usually decent. they're not flashy but they usually show up to games. our defence have been subpar but yesterday's game was just Kim the goalie making countless mistakes and defence just collapsing below the abyss. we were playing really well for first 10-20 mins then right after beautiful free kick by silva it just came crumbling down. if it wasn't for Kim this should have been more like 4-1 or even 3-1. edit: Ji played well in the first half, suk played well and showed presence after he got subbed on. I think mid field and forwards deserved passing grades Considering they played spain. however son heung min was literally nowhere to be found (his replacement... I think it was Lee Jae sung subbed on and played way better)
tbh it seemed like an okay trade at the time. bonino didn't perform that well as we hoped as a second line centre. I'm just glad him and his linemates found good chemistry and have a killer run in the playoffs
cite your sources you thief Kappa
Due to time constraints, I was more focused on getting the events done asap, and farm as much as I could before I left for the trip. I was able to finish the event in the first 3 or 4 days, then farmed non-stop and was able to get the ships I needed. The drops I got that I was specifically looking for are: * sakawa * I-401 (3 of em) * U-511 * Unryuu * Harukaze * Akizuki * Oyashio All of which took less than 30 runs to farm for, thankfully (except for the extra I-401s) I devoted the rest of the event farming for yuu's, but after 900 runs I didn't get a 2nd yuu. That was about the only failure of the event. edit: Now only ships I am missing in this game are : Asagumo, Z3, and hatsukaze. After these 3 ships I'll be able to finally finish the "collection" part of the game. Also fixed some wording
it was actually chitoge x onodera and we've been reading a yuri manga after all.
don't quote me on it, but we are probably top 5 in North America in terms of Korean population. probably behind new York, LA, and Toronto.
Tweet this to eddie haha
why? hes in the west coast
Marchand lives in Halifax during offseason. I live in Halifax. It was nice knowing you guys.
if that's the case I'll fly to Vancouver and find benning and give him a big hug and call him a god
did he find the cure to cancer yet? no? ...Meh, overrated.
what a free kick from yoon
This makes us look so bad :(
korean teachers teach english too
couldn't agree more.
draw a pentagram with Tanaka's face on the centre, and pray to the devil. you will be able to summon the devs this way
yup. I was so confused why Nagasaki was so fucked during 2011 tsunamis in Tohoku. If Nagasaki was that screwed from that tsunami all of Korea's southern region would have been fucked too
hey, at least you guys won the draft lottery. that's gotta count for something
idk how to answer to the location. I'm from Surrey, but I go to school in Halifax, NS, and every summer I'm in Korea. ~_~
not a benning trade. oilers supposedly offered 7th overall, 2nd round pick, and a prospect and we said no Cuz we weren't sending Schneider to a team in our division
that's it? what a deal
didn't granlund sign like a less than a million a year for 2 years too? I think that was a good contract too
can confirm in Korea too.
I have 0 problems with Chinese people moving into my area as neighbours. they're usually great and friendly, I've had no problems with them whatsoever. however the problem is the mainland Chinese travelling groups that has no regards for anything else other than themselves. these guys are usually not rich enough to be able to move outside of China and when they travel around, man they wreck havoc where ever they go.
No no. Toews = 1+9 =0 Virtanen = 1+8= 9 Virtanen is superior.
we might even retain a bit of salary for you guys ;)
what about the kings? we are talking about the ducks here
highly highly doubt it
Sadly same
yup. I was thinking about doing a trip to Japan by taking a boat over from busan to fukuoka but it was cheaper to fly peach air to osaka so i did that instead.
never
I'm against signing him long term, but I honestly thought he played well for LA.
my God benning pls don't give lucic that much
dumbest trophy in the NHL, imo.
they sure tend to skip a lot of things that they did during the war.
that seems hella low for PK.
were doing the Calgary flames of the late 2000s. we gonna be 9th in the conference for next 5 years before we decide to blow it up
it's not like we've been trading young players for guys who are 30 and over. most of the players we traded for are still under 25.
8 Korean. I know right, I had to look on my Korean TV channel guide to find out.
You mean sbisa and dorsett
it's all about the meat and potatoes
for next 15 years. He will find it one day, he will just have to be here the whole time.
biggest surprise of the year
we 3rd century now
TKACHUK GET IN HERE FAM^^PLS
pass me a gun will ya
fuck me
good pickup by arizona
A BLOCKBUSTER TRADE
maybe they just didnt want to risk losing juolevi lol
whats with the stutter
IMO detroit stole this one.
we NBA now
since FA can only sign for 7 years, this would mean that Yzerman and whatever nhl team would decide on where he would get traded, sign with Tampa for 8 years, and as soon as he signs the contract he will be traded to that predetermined team. Stamkos gets the contract he wants, while Yzerman gets some pieces back for his team
flames...oh wait
lucic and eriksson will get us there, don't worry
"it's only game, you u heff to be mad?"
one year in the junior, and see how much he develops.
Doubt it haha
Still surprised otto somppi hasnt gotten picked up yet
Seriiusly, i thought hed go 4th round at the latest
I want our current 3rd to be home, and a skate as our 3rd
They filmed this at my hometown! I remember when I was walking back home from school and they were setting up the scene at the pool and I was wondering what they were doing. Few of my friends are in this movie haha
woo hoo Cloverdale represent
if flames and oilers both make the playoffs that means at least one of California teams would most likely be out and I highly highly doubt that'd happen
and kings are gonna protect him for the expansion draft, and in 2017 he's gonna be back to his usual self
I think they have a really strong roster still, it's gonna be hard to miss the playoffs with that kind of roster. I'd love to be proven wrong though
don't forget them Edmonton oilers!
"Seth Jones signs with ____ for 9.5mil/yr for next 7 years"
I guess we relocate to Victoria then I guess..?
well time for you guys to give him 10.5m for next 8 years when his contract is up.
i'm playing NHL 20 on my PS5.
I'm on board.
Im very curious to see what we offered.
we wouldnt give that much up, even if it's PK.
