Or if the leftist party inherits a maxed out credit card and a province teetering on bankruptcy and they control spending far better than the right wing party did they're still bad guys.
We already grind up the bones to make angel food cake and use the hair in pasta, might as well use the rest.
Calvert was a lightweight compared to the cuts Romanow had to make post Devine. Like a scalpel vs a hatchet. And then the Sask Party goes on TV and says they wouldn't cut spending as much as the NDP did, the crazy reversal of economic ideologies apparently oblivious to them and voters.
And conveniently delayed until after the election. Funny how that works.
If we don't accept the bad things and enter this treaty then other bad things will happen. You don't want bad things to happen do you? Not those bad things, the other ones. They're bad.
......then sell the lights below market value to balance the budget!
It's a really bizarre statement to say we're the evil ones and then point to China and India, countries that treat their citizens like animals, as nations we need to sacrifice our self made prosperity to.
So in order for them to compete with us, to make businesses and create opportunities, we need to lower ourselves? They are unable to advance so long as we are ahead?
I always get all of them except for white. Whatever isn't needed now may be needed down the road.
Next they'll say we should have a rainy day fund to cover drops in resource prices. Madness!
Yup. Based on our history that basically translates to: "We're way over budget and need some quick fire sales for a cash infusion so we can maintain power, regardless if in the long term we lose money."
I always feel a special, deep type of disappointment when rejection of modern knowledge leads to a tragedy like this.
Now back to fighting those Decepticons.
.....the fuck?
Nah, just don't enjoy seeing golden age hero's turned into psychopaths because Snyder hates and wants to tear down heroes.
Ahah! But! Mm hmm! We just don't understand it. \*inserts Jolly Rancher creepily\*
I guess he had a dream of a speedster coming back in time to tell him ? No, no that can't be it. That's dumb.
So what you're saying is that when it comes to speed, there's a need for it? A need for speed, if you will? Fascinating.
I most certainly did not want to join this club, but the game decided for me.
No. No, not again. Do you know how long it took Garnet's RM2 to drop!?
Rural populations moving to urban populations made sense because technology changes shifted economies to the urban areas. Urban areas are still the economic centers, moving back to those rural areas for reasonable housing is counter productive.
As someone from Saskatchewan you have no idea how good it is to see Trost in there.
I...I can see the promised land! Where everyone has a wall and mithril flows like water.
Both.
No. In one sentence he was a stooge for the family business, in the other he was incompetent at promoting any business where he couldn't get 100% approval behind him. Those options were being blocked by people Harper tried to lock out of the conversation. Obama pulled it off on his side because he didn't treat the opposition literally like they were terrorists. Keystone failed because of Harper, because he was unable to deal with anyone who wasn't a sycophant.
And it had nothing to do with him. It was all in place prior, or measures forced on him by the opposition, or caused by global forces. Just as the downturn during his last year had nothing to do with him.
As usual the issue isn't how much you have, it's how you get it. When you get rich in a communist nation rife with human rights abuse and massive amounts of corruption you don't usually get there by being nice.
It was just that bottle of ketchup he keeps on the dash. Totally fine guys.
Is it "infinitely worse" yet? But seriously this is a good move.
Acting like a dick about it tends to attract downvotes too.
What really happens is that a lot of younger people ask "what's a VHS tape?" and you feel old.
Look out everyone, Big Gov is after you! Why next they'll take away your right to stow your children on the roof rack of your vehicle for road trips. They get so much sunshine and fresh air up there!
That he still doesn't understand what he did wrong after all this indicates that in his skull there's an IOU note.
You sir win one internet point.
Good recap but I doubt it will quell the fury.
Is it in a wooded area maybe next to a lake with a great view? Because you are describing my dream.
And some people are wired to prefer being alone most of the time (alone ≠ lonely). Just don't confuse intentional and unintentional solitude. Some of you are so noisy...
We should form a club! Except none of us will ever show up, because eww people.
You are misreading their complaints. They are setting up mining in remote areas with little in the way infrastructure or people to work it, claiming they were unaware of that (seriously?). It takes years to deal with that, to build the logistics networks and scrounge up the people. Instead they want to bring over their own slave labor force and push out Canadians. That isn't overbearing regulation, that's their lack of planning and due diligence butting up against our common sense.
And in this province they'll still be praised for it, pretty much no matter what they do. Pass the law: Yay conservatives, way to control that budget! Break the law: Yay conservatives, way to not increase my taxes!
Because elections and gullible voters.
For the reasons they gave for passing the law in the first place.
And for anyone concerned about them bringing back a law that they broke themselves, all Wall has to do is go on twitter and hint it was the NDP's fault somehow. Bam, majority win. Would probably even gain seats.
They increased spending 30% in the first few years of power alone. They depleted the rainy day fund and, despite promises to do so, have failed to replenish it or create a heritage fund to replace it so we can invest and gain more from the good times. Their pledge to pay down debt is in limbo, the majority of what they did pay off in early years coming from the rainy day fund their predecessors set up. They are addicted to spending to win elections and have been covered by record resource prices until now (and the potash crash awhile back). You can still overspend in a surplus, you simply deny yourself the ability to weather fluctuations in the economy by building a buffer. They've had more revenue to play with than any govt in the history of the province, their performance should be better. I mean seriously, how do you outspend the NDP?
* 400 Daytime Min, unlimited weekends and evenings. * 1 GB Data. * Unlimited SMS/MMS. * Call display and VM. * $60/m (plus tax). * On Sasktel.
Ouch. Good point.
Good to hear. Now to await the comments about "Canadians standing in the way of business".
No probably a world along the lines of science fiction. Going into space is hugely complicated, entire orders of magnitude moreso than any activity done on earth.
Yeah, no, sorry. Waiving money out of the picture doesn't change the laws of physics, make space breathable, get rid of stellar radiation, deal with the intense amount of energy needed to launch and land, extremely long transit times, and any of the other fatal dangers involved that don't exist on earth. You haven't even said what's going to be mined yet. The moon? The asteroid belt? Mars? Even if the technology existed to make it possible, which neither you nor anyone on the planet has demonstrated, it doesn't change the fact we can get the same resources on earth with a fraction of the effort and risk.
Which technologies? Specifics.
He isn't your guy, friend.
Budget issues? What budget issues? Don't pay attention to that, here go look at these Hollywood types saying things we don't like. Just don't pay attention to our budget. Oh and the NDP is bad too. They have zero power in the province currently but please look at them instead. Nope no budget issues here.
This is certainly true, if you are a conservative it's ok to run deficits (for half of his entire tenure at this point) because someone else is worse. That he spends more than the NDP here ever did is immaterial.
Do you not keep any money in your bank account if you have a mortgage? You know, for emergencies? Like if the tires blow on your car? No, you keep it empty? The majority of the debt paydown came from the money the NDP saved up.
No more than I could explain your spending habits if you went over budget. Doesn't change the numbers though.
Bluestacks2 is an abomination. Tried a few others myself but they were either slow or blurry for whatever reason. Bluestacks1 works fine here and snaps to the right side of the screen perfectly for FFRK with no wasted space, allowing me to multitask with the left side of the screen. I'll be ignoring that stupid upgrade message for as long as possible.
My Edgar has been level maxxed and on the bench for a long time, nice to finally break him and his bioblaster out of the box.
"I give you the Canadian Monorail! I've sold monorails to Brockway, Ogdenville, and North Haverbrook, and by gum I've put them on the map!"
Yes that is what I was referring to, thank you.
Same here. However beautiful the country is it doesn't change they currently have a govt all too eager to throw people with a hint of "western" into dark cells.
As long as it's in the opinion section, as this article was, yes.
Time to take that "evidence" to Tim's!
Nothing has changed, only your perception of what people wanted has. Dignity and the right to be relieved of incurable, unmanageable suffering have always been the focus.
It's like children stomping their feet and refusing to accept they aren't getting their way. Explains the spelling of kudatah too. "But Mom, I want to be in charge!" "Now honey, you know you lost the election. You'll just have to wait until it's your turn." "No! I wanna be in charge! I wanna, I wanna, I wanna!"
And? This group has ties to Al Qaeda. Some believe they are merely using the ISIS name for propaganda purposes without real ties to them. The article is not wrong. You are free now to edit your post to remove the manufactured outrage.
Except there was no omission of facts, so the criticism is unwarranted.
Right in the title "Calgary man is 2nd Canadian killed in 2 months by al-Qaeda-linked group amid ransom demands" 2nd paragraph "Al-Qaeda-linked Abu Sayyaf had warned it would kill Robert Hall today if it didn't receive a ransom of some $8 million. " Please revise your inaccurate post.
I presume armed with surface to air beavers?
Well let's just take your credit card info, try to reserve some tickets and.....[they're gone!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DT7bX-B1Mg)
Garnets RM2, from when it first became available to one of the end fights from the last 9 event.
100 gem: 3* Air Knife (VI). The very same knife that is being given away for free during the event. That's mean man. That's just mean.
Trash for me I'm afraid, but I like your attitude.
Correct! M.O.O.S.E: Mounted Overhead Offensive Saboteur Eliminator. Nothing but the best for Canada!
They saw Jesus in some toast and aren't sure if it counts or not.
Be prepared to learn a new definition of what a cold winter is. Nice summers though.
The power of the country to protect you almost completely ends at our borders. Paying the ransom makes Canadians more valuable to kidnap. It sucks, it really sucks, especially so if you or someone you know is kidnapped. But you can't just magically send troops in to save the day without consequences. Real life isn't CoD. When trying to protect society as a whole unfortunately you sometimes have to make the cold calculation that protecting the whole is more important than the individual.
The world is statistically a [safer place now](http://www.pri.org/stories/2014-10-23/world-actually-safer-ever-and-heres-data-prove) than at any point in human history. We are constantly bombarded by a modern 24hr news cycle that discovered bad news equals ratings. Humanity is moving forward far more than it is stepping back.
I've heard the phrase "fire solves all" but I didn't realize it applied to scientific discussions. Lesson learned.
Witch spotted.
This is a good thing the NDP is doing, and unfortunately will receive little to no recognition in the province.
My map of the globe is a flat rectangle too. Theory confirmed!
Conducted by the Rand Corporation, in conjunction with the saucer people, under the supervision of the reverse vampires.
It's extremely rare for a govt to lose power during good economic times. And SK already has a history of not "rocking the boat" until things get out of hand. Quite frankly the modern SK NDP are a complete mess and Wall is probably the best politician in the country, there is no legitimate threat to him here. He captures the middle pretty much perfectly, outside the occasional gaffe like the film tax credit thing or the court rejected union busting bill. The NDP need to get their act together, for the first time Wall's teflon is starting to chip with the economy weakening.
People never had the right to do whatever the fuck they wanted with the houses they own.
Simpsons reference
The cold truth is it isn't wise to leave the decisions to those emotionally involved, for the same reason we do not leave the choice of punishment of a criminal to the victim in our legal system
Ideology with no meaningful difference in actions is meaningless fluff. No successful business risks millions/billions in investment and expansion based on how much they like the current figurehead. That's crazy. As evidence by the upswing which started two years before Wall took power.
None of which would have been possible if the books weren't in order when they took power (NDP) or if the record high upswing in resource prices allowed for increased spending and reduction of taxes. None of it. And it also started before he took power.
Honed it to R4 a long time ago. Useful back then, now I rarely use it. Actually been contemplating dismantling it.
Just transfer those calls to Lenny, [he'll take care of it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/itslenny)
Someones never done business with a Ferengi.
One would certainly hope, after all: Rule of acquisition #102 - Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever.
Out of dirt we dug out of the ground with our bare hands! Uphill! Both ways! In winter! There were wolves!
Science fiction about hope for a unified and prosperous future of humanity cares little for your borders drawn on a map.
What defines it as American?
4 (1) In carrying out its objects, the Mint has the rights, powers and privileges and the capacity of a natural person and may in particular (c) generally do all things that are incidental or conducive to the exercise of its powers with respect to (i) coins of the currency of Canada, (ii) coins of the currency of countries other than Canada, (iii) gold, silver and other metals, and (iv) medals, plaques, tokens and other objects made or partially made of metal. It doesn't matter what you think, they are exercising powers duly granted to them by law.
Their grandparents got a career out of high school and trained on the job. Clearly those young people simply aren't looking for jobs.
No sane Canadian believes the Queen decides what all the products our mint produces look like, therefore you are trolling. Well done for stringing people along.
Had no choice but to take that latter option. On top of being in a market where every raise you get is equaled by a jump in cost of living. Great times.
The Earth isn't technically round either, and [evidence can be provided](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/earth-is-not-round/) as would be expected when someone makes a claim.
Gee I wonder who did that? "Except Canada added a special twist: The then-Conservative government amended the tax rules to make every country Canada has a TIEA with into a new Barbados, giving companies the right to set up business there, earn profits that face little to no corporate tax, and then bring that money back tax-free." Sigh, yup.
There are no perfect solutions to this problem. But what we have now is a perfect failure, any change would be an improvement.
Why are you helping your parents? People have all the tools at their disposal, like RRSP, TFSAs, etc but they choose not to save, why should people who do get punished?
&gt; I didnt luck out, I earned it, and everyone has a chance here. &gt; I earned all myself and helping my parents with money monthly, if anything, I am the "parent in high places" for my parents. &gt;if you worked hard and put your mind to it, you could succeed and live Canadian dream no matter what age! I feel though, its getting harder to do, I dont know if my kids would be able to do it.as now housing is crazy. So to recap. You did well. Your parents need financial help. Your children may not be as successful as you either due to the economy. But everyone OUTSIDE your family that struggles must be a lazy bum or burning their cash on luxuries.
We should double our F35 order.
Cyclone Grimoire and Guard Stick. Bleh.
Found the "race to the bottom" guy. They've got what you should have, what you used to have and what you willingly gave up because someone convinced you it was worth doing it. But still you reserve the anger for those smart enough to actually work together to hold on to it.
Except housing in Regina is similarly out of whack with wages and has been for several years now. Where next sport?
The poutine mines are fairly resistant to economic turbulence, also a good place to invest.
One language is necessary, the other is not. The level of seriousness follows suit.
Maybe you should see a problem when even top level professions can't afford to live in the same city as their job.
What would your reaction to being detained by an Afghanistan soldier in your home? I presume your followup will be that you aren't living in a war zone. To properly reverse the situation your side doesn't get a say in that. Do you still feel your rights are being respected?
There are many fields of knowledge of which you could say the same argument and still it is not general knowledge. People know cars are dangerous and still speed. People know smoking is bad but still smoke. Fault them all you like, it doesn't make the problem go away and when the problem is large enough it will affect you no matter what. Eventually you have to accept the faults of society and take measures accordingly to mitigate damage.
There are no words to express how frustrating it is that the poll is so close. Out of all the crowns Sasktel is the clearest in how universally beneficial it is to the province and superior to the offerings of the big rivals. Are people in this province really so oblivious to the reality outside their narrow field of view? Or so ignorant of the long term revenue they would sacrifice for short term gain? Disappointing.
It is known.
Where's mah apology mithril!
Truly the darkest age.
Good red gear (or blue if you are really lucky) so it has strong stats even in non-RS realms. Element boosting equipment. And finally rare weapon types. &amp;nbsp; Burning through mine as soon as I get them. Currently enhancing my Kaiser shield for lightning up (works great with Stormlance) and a 5\*+ Moore Branch. Previously augmented a 5\*+ Flametongue for the fire up as well as a 5* Yoshiyuki due to the rarity of Katana's
There is a statute of limitations. After 50 years it doesn't count anymore.
Them's fighting words! Buddy.
These people are broken. I don't know if it's genetic or homeopath cult brainwashing but their brains do not function normally. After all this time they still can't comprehend any fault on their part despite the overwhelming evidence against them, it just isn't normal. They are incapable of critical thinking and unfit for parenting. This is a rare case when stupidity is so severe I think the remaining kids should be taken away permanently.
A) Those numbers seem pulled out of thin air B) We've already got a dead kid on our hands so they beat those odds
Well his worldview on medicine is already partly based on magic, so I guess it isn't surprising he expects it from our medicine.
If the job doesn't pay well and locals aren't working it then the pay needs to be raised. If it can't be raised without damaging the business then the business itself is unable to be competitive and shouldn't be subsidized via cheap foreign labor.
Yes yes it's the young peoples fault. Sure every generation always think the following generation is lazy and stupid, but THIS time it's true. Your personal anecdotes prove it after all, and everyone knows reliable statistics can be derived from statistically insignificant numbers of people.
And your bias is showing if you think they're equally non-credible. Even the discontinued Sun network was more credible than Fox.
Except blood letting was used pre-science and has no relation to modern medicine, yet naturopaths in some countries still practice blood letting so that's still on your side. I'm glad you agree it's junk (outside of extreme cases) though, it means you aren't completely lost to superstition.
"What is wrong with that?" Dead kids from easily preventable illnesses. You read the article yes?
If these people had their way we'd all be sailing off the edge of the Earth into the abyss!
They were. They were advised by both a nurse and a naturopath to take the kid to the doctor. They even looked up the treatment of meningitis online and ignored the recommendations (aka go to a damn doctor) in favor of their concoctions. It's a rejection of knowledge over personal belief at such a high level that it's infuriating.
Don't forget to blame the fired dept for not bringing a nozzle large enough to deal with the resulting inferno before it can burn everything down.
It only conveys that message to those people who already deeply believe that message. Any action would be considered offensive to them and should not be held in consideration.
This assumes all opinions are equal. Sometimes they are, but flat earthers don't get much respect either and for good reason. Arguments could be made for most of the crowns, but when it comes to Sasktel there is more than enough demonstrable evidence from what is playing out in the rest of the country vs what is happening here to weight the argument to one side.
Their faith isn't the abnormality. Maintaining that faith after this death, and even doubling down on it, is. Most faith groups don't experience an event so shocking and completely against their belief system like this, with a direct causal link to their actions. After being given time to process everything they have failed to reconcile even the simplest facts. Ergo, they are broken. This is a rare event and anyone else who fails at such a level is equally broken.
There's a few homeopath nuts on their side, or trying to establish false equivalence to medicine deaths. Vast majority are on the "they are idiots" side.
Now now be fair. They also used horseradish. What more could they do?
Yeah that's them. And they'd have recommended your father eat maple syrup and horseradish to cure it.
This post is the most absurd thing here. You post numbers with zero context of the situation, or the global economic factors during respective times, or even how govt functions. It takes years for a new govts policies to take effect on a province. Longer so if they inherited a mess. The first few years have more to do with the prior govt than the new. The first year isn't even their own budget yet you attribute some miraculous budget turnaround within two measly years to Wall. Bureaucracy is incredibly slow. It takes especially creative gymnastics to claim the NDP spent too much when Wall himself claims during the election the NDP *cut* spending too much. The biggest reason the Sask Party works is it came into power the **exact** time a record resource boom started. If you want to claim otherwise than equally so the recent deficits and downturn in the economy are Wall's fault. You can't take credit for the good but not the bad.
No you are still wrong I'm afraid. Vaccines are a known and statically negligible risk to individuals. The court exists to financially compensate those who do get injured because the benefit to the whole of society is too great to allow it to be bogged down in regular courts. None of this is secret. You are arguing against a strawman.
The doubts are not reasonable. If the same level of doubt was applied to other statistically equal dangers in life you would be living in a hermetically sealed bubble. Post as many cases of injury as you like. Post links to 7000, 70000, even 700000 people getting sick from vaccines. Doesn't matter. Hundreds of millions are still saved. Say you're being poisoned all you want. Doesn't matter. Reject vaccines in sufficient enough numbers and we will eventually be forced to make you take your medicine. You live in a society, get used to the idea or leave.
Are you using a designated customs brokers to clear your shipments or allowing the carrier to do it on your behalf? We're a small business as well and usually our stuff gets cleared within a day, barring the occasional issue like improper or missing paperwork.
What subjects are you going to cut back to compensate for the increased time spent on it?
Argument assumes all fields of study are equal levels of belief. They are not. The argument could be made for something like history which can be influenced by the source. Not for something like mathematics, or pure skill classes like basic cooking or automechanics. 2+2=4 can not be considered indoctrination, absolute facts are inherently neutral.
Don't forget to blame the ambulance for not preventing the bruising on their throat afterwards. If only they had the right size of ice pack it wouldn't have swollen so bad!
You get eleven silver! You get eleven silver! You all get eleven silver!
With the shut down of the Ottawa Roughriders leaving the Saskatchewan Roughriders as the only team named the Roughriders, can they still compete as the only Roughrider CFL team in Canada?
The old saying "if everyone you meet is an asshole...." applies. You started the thread on a snarky tone. If you are worried about contagious emotions in this case you are patient zero.
9 years in office, only one term in majority and lost to a drama teacher at the end of that single majority term. Not a great streak.
Topic came up at work today and we're making preparations. I just hope things don't spill over to Purolator as well. This one could get nasty.
Ask them to define what a toxin is, trips most of the casuals up.
Evidence! Case closed people.
Quebexit III: The Revengening
Dooooooooooooomed! Or not. Maybe?
They want some cider too?
Canadout? Canagone?
And yet despite the tumble he maintains the hair.
In which society removed the primary sources of conflict (resources, food, money) via the invention of space magic that can create necessities out thin air, powered by abundant and powerful energy sources acquired via more space magic. Nice idealism, not practical yet.
100 Gem pull - Cecil's Excalibur. Wow I'm kinda shocked. Not spending mithril on this banner now.
[Statscan](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/education/statscan-explains-why-private-school-students-perform-better/article23711755/) disagrees with you. Private education no better than public, purely a matter of economic status. The public system appreciates your mandatory (and apparently ungrateful) tax contributions. No doubt you have a personal anecdote prepared, believing the weight of it's evidence to exceed the actual study in the link. I'm certain it will be fascinating.
Quick! To the barbaric practices hotline!
Tried it on Big Bridge Ultimate Odin. First cast did about 3k per hit, second cast 9k per hit....for around 45k total. In one move. So that's a big yes to your question. Also damage caps Saint Cross. Needless to say he's on my A team now, barring a rare Holy absorb boss.
Yes damn the NDP for lowering royalty rates to attract business, royalty rates which Brad Wall hasn't changed. Cleary they were out to kill business and Wall is a dirty socialist for playing along.
How dare you tell my fictional child that it isn't safe to have a healthy piece of gluten free certified organic toast in the bathtub! Time to sue.
Same here found it the easiest. Kefka really messes with you (and is quite fitting for the character). Golbez just hits you with easily mitigated magic. The Holy weakness just makes it easier. I have Cecils's BSSB and in two conseecutive casts it did 45k and 50k damage. I almost felt sorry for ol Golbey. Even without that though Diaga/Holy/SC do heavy damage.
REPORT FINDS WATER AND ELECTRICITY A DANGEROUS COMBINATION. FULL INQUIRY DEMANDED TO DETERMINE THE SAFETY OF THE ELECTRICAL GRID! EXPERTS WARN EVEN A SMALL COMBINATION OF THE TWO CAN BE DEADLY!
Oh well if one of the groups profiting most from the situation says everything is fine who are we to argue?
Anti-whaling activist? Clearly an eco-terrorist out to destroy good wholesome jobs. Conrad Black? Come on in buddy! Just another notch on the list of reasons the previous govt is gone.
Not even close, Tyro. You don't need great stats to be a good healer with the way Mind scales. Stats can be overcome with gear. Ability selection, gear selection and SB's can't. And as more 5 and 6* abilities come out the more valuable Tyro becomes as fewer and fewer characters can multirole high level skills. No contest. Anything aside from doing raw damage he is at the top of the pile.
I confirm the correctedness.
I can agree with this. The fact that the office held both the previous and current govts to task reflects well on it's lack of partisanship.
You left out the part that Harper also spent huge gobs of money to weather that economic crisis.
As a week one player who has a copy at R3 I'd say no. If it was already crafted long ago I think honing it would be a good idea as it's still a strong skill and you already had an investment in it. But starting fresh now the orbs would be better spent on new or upcoming abilities.
Tyro is a better support. Ramza is limited to single target breaks, Tyro can use both those and the AOE Dance breaks for multi-target fights.
Must be the NDP's fault. Or Notley. Wall flew into the province on a magic steed and transformed the economy in a single year. The boom was entirely his creation, therefore this downturn must be the machinations of those evil socialists.
I have a client interested in paying cash for your van. I see it has that faux wood paneling, that's a luxury feature. $2 Mil? No make it 3.
Canada's left being the right-wing National Post and it's readers?
Always found the produce and meat quality at Walmart inferior compared to basically every other store in Regina. Boxed and bottled goods cheaper to be sure but I don't intend to give that company my money with their business practices. I make enough that I can pay a bit more to go to a higher quality store though I understand not everyone can say the same.
Same here, I remember spending a lot of time squinting until the teacher noticed and advised my parents. It's one thing being able to see things as you run around, another once you start to read small writing at a fair distance. The idea in the article makes sense.
Well look at that right across the street from the first house I lived in as a kid. Small world.
It is an excellent idea to have that fire extinguisher in the kitchen, it might have prevented the house burning down.
I get what you are going for, but there is only one "people of walmart" meme for a reason. Not an economic thing, just a weirdness thing.
Coyote confirms Fox's findings.
Would you prefer a long, dependable career or would you prefer to make it big immediately and win the lottery?
Once again the game has decided I need to have all of Tyro's Soul Breaks and gifted me Keeper's Tome. Ultimate Tyro complete once again.
I would gladly exchange some of these for some IX synergy. But I admit it does make him one hell of a versatile character. It also insisted I get two copies of his SSB book to boot. Boy that has some great stats in Knightmare synergy.
Overdue
Canadearth
Bingo. The goal/score/point/etc is the culmination of all the hard work paying off up to that point. Do that a few times a game and it's exciting. Do it dozens of times in a game and *snooze*. Too much of a good thing is boring.
He's a dick, but he isn't wrong here.
That's my default team now. Ramza runs Full Break and Lifesiphon for Shout. Tyro runs Armor Breakdown and Lifesiphon for Wall. Bring 1 healer with a medica and two DPS'ers and it's easy mode. Granted this easy mode requires some excellent luck to have those SB's.
The same incentive exists as it always did, reaching subscribers. The money is made there, not on the infrastructure. And they shouldn't have sole control because they aren't soley responsible for it. They get paid to deploy it by cities/municipalities.
As others have stated build up 1.75 SB bars and launch them consecutively. You could use Saint Cross to build it up but I prefer Lifesiphon. The first cast puts a hole in the boss, the second cast leaves a smoking crater. If it's still alive some Enholy'd Saint Cross's will be doing 20k each, that should finish it off. This thing is OP. Poor Golbez. That IV synergy and Holy weakness, it just wasn't fair what it did to him.....
What he proposes is meaningless, his actions matter. He railed against energy taxes when our economy was at the strongest in our history, he railed against energy taxes when the economy was weak. He's had proposed green taxes on the agenda for the entirety of his govt. This is the only real policy he has, give some occasional lip service but do nothing. It's one of those thoroughly dishonest political maneuvers where you pretend to agree but act out your real agenda by never taking the promised action.
Frustrating how there is political will to consolidate the health region but noone in the current govt dares do anything to change the RM setup for fear of angering the base. Everything should be on the table.
The Trudeau govt finalized the deal and approved the remaining export permits, the deal was signed by the Harper govt a few years earlier. Work was already underway on production. There would have been financial and political backlash to Canada if we backed out as the process was too far along when the new gov took power. If you feel they should still have backed out that's fair, but you also need to recognize we would have paid for it.
There should be an equivalent of a motorcycle helmet for your torso in order to preserve those precious, juicy organs.
It would depend on unreliable bureaucracy properly tracking peoples status as donors. Hell there are people mistakenly filed as deceased and have a hell of a time getting it reversed. Organ donation can be an urgent matter, if a person is prevented from receiving a transplant because someone keyed the wrong information somewhere you'd be looking at casualties. Not worth it.
Ah, but then they don't wear the helmet. Maybe even put some spikes at the top of the vest for when the head is bouncing around.
The reality is the country already works that way.
If the comparison is to the US? No. Which is the case in the article. If the comparison is to Europe? Sure, but it's a different argument. Her critique was on socialized health care and they're still socialized, so they're part of her critique.
Then it's unfortunate she didn't advocate for a European private public socialization mix and instead reassure an audience with an inferior and almost entirely private system that socialization won't fix their problems. She's being just as close minded as our country is towards health, just from the opposite angle.
....whoah.
And on the technology front he figured out time travel and human colonization of Mars years ago.
The article says they would need to go to the needle exchanges to get the tokens needed to use the machine. Baby is safe.
It says right in the article they would need to visit the needle exchanges to get the tokens to use the machine.
And if you read the article you'd see that they have to visit the staffed facilities to get the tokens to use the machines. It's an extension of the existing facilities, not a replacement.
The NDP/left that less than a year ago the Sask Party ran daily ads warning about how they cut spending too much, while the Sask Party publicly said they would run deficits to be balanced out later in order to avoid cuts?
FYI this is completely incorrect. Central Toronto (not just downtown) - 25 ridings - 2.8 mil people SK+MB+AB+NT - 63 ridings - 6.7 mil people
Absurdly false.
They do feel it necessary to never, ever anger their rural base. Deficits be damned.
And those investments in Berkshire Hathaway would not have led to offshoot technologies from the space program that advanced human civilization. Profit is not the only possible benefit to mankind. You as a willfully ignorant human have benefited directly from that research.
Good news, more of the budget goes towards the military than science. If by your argument we are not spending money on the military it means we are negative spending on science. Are you satisfied now?
As opposed to your vast knowledge of science and medicine, allowing you to spot false arguments? What degrees do you hold?
Do you think those technologies had no govt funding at any point in their history? That someone one day just had an idea and poof, new invention? That the materials, processes and knowledge required to make that development possible had no govt involvement in any of their developments either. This is a child's view of the world.
"Us" including yourself? What inventions have you made completely independently? Keeping in mind that any tools, materials or knowledge derived from prior govt funded research counts against your argument, as nothing is invented in a vacuum. Aaaand go.
Your sympathy is not required, nor is your approval or permission.
Submit a grant request that shows the benefit to the public then.
Very professional looking, well done.
I'll one-up that application with a side of gumption.
I don't agree with your agreement of the thing I wanted.
Obama tends to use adult length sentences more frequently, so no dice.
Show me an equivalent headline to "Meryl Streep is retarded" by a reputable media organization. If everyone sensationalizes it should be simple.
Unfortunately access to the information is not the problem. Willful ignorance either due to ideology, idiocy or greed is (or some combination). But I applaud his continuing efforts nonetheless. At some point you must feel like banging your head against a wall when you're up against this kind of opposition, but he soldiers on.
Yes? It's quite common for two people to have the same thought on something. You may be surprised to learn that there are other people who even agree with you on things. Could be some kind of mind reading sorcery. And it does nothing to explain why posting the actual words someone spoke is over the top hatred.
Also don't go by his words that say what's in his heart, you have to use your conservative third eye to psychically derive his true meaning.
Time to force those scientists to add Oscar Meyer Bolognium to the periodic table of the elements where it belongs. It's snacktacular people, the best.
The projection is strong with this one.
The media stream on it will pee continuous.
We have a code 73 information leak on a reddit user. I repeat code 73. Dispatch cleansing teams immediately.
*Bahamut greedily eyes the pile of Dark Orbs needed to finally R4 him.*
80 is the new 30
It isn't a quality mask, not a good show of expertise on the part of the Cruzians.
Makes you wish he ran for President. Aside from occasional foot-in-mouth disease he's a stand up guy.
We'll take good care of fishy tho.
It's little different than renting a room at a resort hotel honestly. You decide to occupy a space to yourself in a foreign country for length of time you get to determine. We accept Visa, Mastercard, Amex and AK-12's.
The mandatory room service is to die for.
Won't be long until people start arguing over the number of convicted murder charges it takes to disqualify you.
Lube? I am afraid you will be highly disappointed when you see the sandpaper condom.
If there's no longer such thing as a "fact", then by extension one could never lie. Welcome to 2017 everyone!
The amount of guilt is proportional to the amount of emails. It's science and stuff. The good science, not the fake science my blog warns me about.
Please define what kind of punishment "putting yourself out there" justifies?
Why tell them to read the article when you didn't yourself? For example: “Someone thought I was lying about my electricity bill — they were going to come and get the reading from my meter at the side of my house” Now how do you think an older woman would react to that? Think hard.
One look at the life-draining effect visible on the face that the Presidency has over 8 years should be enough confirmation they need a damn vacation, regardless of political stripe.
Yes, they were opened by the previous govt with no way to pay for them in a vote buying scheme that contributed to literally nearly bankrupting the province. And the NDP have taken the generation long hit on rural support for shutting many of them down and being more fiscally conservative than our supposed conservative parties.
The opposition has been trying for quite awhile now and getting shut down each time. Unfortunately in the great wisdom of the province the current govt has such a strong majority that it severely limits the power of the opposition to hold them accountable.
And now Biff is President. For real.
You also have to do it constantly, multiple times a day (which he does). It takes longer to counter each claim than it does to make it, so by the time you actually do the topic has already moved on. He's constantly in the news and the counter arguments get buried in the media scramble. Literally burying people in bullshit.
Use your conservative third eye to derive the real meaning in his heart. Don't go by misleading things like "words" and "evidence" and "the things he does publicly on full record".
Exactly. Do you really want the most powerful man in the world, with the most stressful job in the world, burned out? I know you guys are called the no vacation nation but it has to give somewhere. And as others have commented a presidential vacation is still basically working away from the office, especially with modern technology.
Yeah no, we have Trudeau derangement syndrome coming from the right in Canada too. Did you know he wants to drug schoolchildren? Or that he's destroying the economy for generations? But we get it, when your team does it it's justified. When the other team does it it's cause they're loony lefties. And incredibly the opposite of this narrative occurs too, almost like the two sides are both made of people arguing ideologies.
Have you ever constructed a lava moat? Are you willing to move to remote islands with vaguely skull shaped cliffs? Has society wronged you succeed? Do you laugh in a way that frightens people when you succeed? Then you may have a promising career in villainy/politics! Sign up today!
So I am incorrect when I mentally picture something akin to the council of Ricks?
Nothing could possibly go wrong with a blackmailed govt. Right? Right?
Better thrown at each other than written down and passed as bills.
3 x Guard Stick (VII) 3 x Rising Sun (III) 3 x Nu Khai Armband (FFT)
WHEN will it get people killed? It hasn't happened yet all these years later. At some point this warning becomes boy who cried wolf. Literally not a treasonous act as it is legally defined, and was not charged with it.
35 years, plus some highly excessive and unethical treatment as found by the military judge that oversaw the case.
They're so inclusive they're exclusive apparently. Guess we'll see how the shift from building to burning bridges works out.
The safe word is broccoli.
Never
That could be used to make any excuse though. "What we REALLY meant to say is that Chelsea should get clemency, immediate release from prison, her own book deal, free housing for a year and a triple fudge sunday. Pesky character limit."
Yes, though they will adapt to your schedule over time.
Did you just assume the combustion compatibility of Zarlothians?
Because he's a tree. An evil tree to be sure, but still a tree. Seriously though once you realize Grand Cross can refill Meltdown and Curada you see his strength. Just needs another level break.
The Biden "rule" isn't a rule.
Why do you want to punish success/job creators/my friends/the people who give me political money for favors!?
The guy who founded it and controls it sets the tone. He is the main contributor. It's a very small group. Ezra is the rebel, there's no way around that. Hell I wouldn't be surprised if he named it "the rebel" after the inflated way he thinks of himself.
Worse than a nearly unprecedented destruction of Democrat power across the country?
Seeking money so you can operate vs operating so you can seek money. The path is the same, the final destination differs.
How is campaign money from businesses outside the province better than money from people who actually live and work here? Because unions *grr*?
It's time to put the keyboard down, you have an anger issue.
It's also fake news to quote the things someone said on public record.
A well researched theory to be sure. But the only real world loser is confirmed already.
Technically it wasn't scrapped. Effectively it was however as the data set was made nearly useless by the change.
Come by the dealership later and we can discuss getting you into a slightly used 2016 Model Curaja.
Is your crack team of private investigators on the case?
And with how unpopular Wynne is she only serves to help him out doing this. Way to go.
I'm from Canada and even I know he's a piece of garbage who couldn't stop being obscenely partisan even when ordering lunch. So you are definitely not alone.
That seems to be the default reaction of normal human beings when you meet him.
Yes but some of those people are poor, and therefore not part of the current govs calculus on the matter.
The previous Harper Federal govt locked down the ability of researchers and scientists to talk to the media. Everything had to be vetted by an (intentionally) complicated series of approvals and filters. To the point that stories often did not go to print because journalists either could not get the information on time or at all. That govt also shut down various research stations and libraries. It even engaged in [literal book burning](http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/capt-trevor-greene/science-cuts-canada_b_4534729.html) when clearing out these libraries. They claim they were digitizing research but many researchers at the time lamented it was nowhere near comprehensive and that a lot of stuff was lost. Some people even resorted to theft to try and preserve materials. It was utterly disheartning and one of the factors that led to Harper losing. The usual responses to watch out for are: -These scientists work for the govt, so they should shut up when told to -Science needs to be vetted to remove bias -They're just public employees whining about a change of boss -Etc Once the ban was lifted the argument changed to say that scientists were still quiet so they never really needed to talk to anyone and shouldn't have complained. Oblivious to the fact that the process of taking to researchers was usually invisible to the reader. But facts (or reading) never were the strong suit of this kind of anti-intellectual group. The Harper years were literally a war against knowledge that will take many more years to recover from. Some knowledge is lost forever. They even screwed with the census, making the data set for his tenure unreliable. I'd say good riddance but his sycophants are still around in the opposition.
Was going to say the same thing. Similar traits but seemingly without any sort of filter and with everything ramped to the extreme.
The poster is likely referring to pre-accident responsibility, not post-accident. It's easy to hold them accountable for cleanup when something goes wrong, especially if it affects people. All the media coverage tends to spark action. But prevention is less visible. There was that report awhile ago about the province being lax on pipeline inspections. Nothing can be 100% safe of course, but there is a big gap between mostly and sorta safe.
Because of course it is. You'd have to tell me it's Martians to surprise me at this point.
Keeping about 50 of each mat, selling the rest for cold hard necessary cash. Been a long time since honing spells caused a financial problem.
I had have an enormous, Smaug jealousy inducing mountain of Gil. Then orb exchange and reforging happened.
Canada is effectively two party, and with the merger of PC's and Reform getting pretty close to technically as well.
Repocrisy? *noun* the practice of shamelessly saying anything that is necessary to stay in power or be politically relevant. *synonym*: McCain, Cheney, McConnell, list continues for several pages....
This would be a really really good time for a new season of Cosmos on Fox.
It's like we live next to an 800' Gorilla. Normally we get along just fine, mutually beneficial even, but you still have to watch carefully as every movement it makes can shake things up. And now it's infected with a brain parasite.
Until his OSB came out I had all of Tyro's SB's released to that point. Sentinel, Healing, Cyclone, Celebration, Stormlance, Last Judgement &amp; Keeper's Tome. So many rosetta's....
From an alternative plane of existence.
R4'd brother.
Truly the deadliest of tiny bees.
You haven't seen the stealth ground-to-air attack Beavers?
I mean, he's not wrong. It just feels like the longer Mulcair is the face of the party the worse off it will be.
Even for a bible belt like SK Trost is on the extreme edges of the social policy sphere, and not just for the pro-life stuff. Generally those types only attract fringe support. But with the blue for life attitude of parts of the province sometimes the nutto's slip through.
What does some Nobel guy know, with all his biased sciencey numberisms? Sad!
All you need to do is change the definition of replace. Convince voters that "nothing" is actually a replacement. Get Mitch McConnell up there to spin a yarn about how they never planned to replace it with anything and that the "free market" was always the intended replacement. That Democrats are creating a false narrative, video evidence be damned. "Trump was elected by the country to remove wasteful govt programs, not to create them". Etc etc. You then segue into talking about how the US has the greatest healthcare in the world and that getting govt "out of the way" means more people can access it. Mitch can lie his way through that half asleep. When it doesn't work out you can blame other regulations. When that doesn't work out you can blame immigrants. Just keep diverting. And maddeningly they will continue to get voted in.
The mail-from location was the pedophile pizza place.
I regret clicking that link, knocked a few points off the "faith in humanity" index.
Well it isn't Friday night for one thing...
I'd settle for removing him from planet Earth. He can start his empire of evil on Mars.
They will stay in line so long as it keeps them in power, and will revolt only when they fear being staying aligned will cost them power.
The top 10% also proportionally depend more on the countries infrastructure to support their business than an individual ever will. Their trucks grind up highways more than a workers car. Their energy needs require higher capacity power delivery. They depend on the public heathcare system to keep their workers healthy. And finally they need a middle class with enough money to purchase from and support their business. Talking about only social service use is a red herring.
By definition not socialism. The "boogeyman" online version of socialism where any mention of anything other than a flat tax generates screeches, certainly. But not the real one.
Tax rates at the top have been going down for decades, not up. Wealth concentrates at the top and does not get spent, leading to weakened demand and reduced business at all but the largest firms, leading to reduced competition and inferior service. When does it come to an end?
The question is irrelevant. Other countries are not Canada. Their challenges are unique for various reasons. Some people walk to work in fear of landmines. To follow your comparison we should put some on your lawn.
They continually pay less and less taxes. Which years status quo are you referring to?
The US was socialist between WW2 and Reagan?
While you have gone fishing the demand for your services still exists and another provider will fill your place. By abandoning your business mid-year you give your competitors in the market a service advantage and they steal your customers. Enjoy the fish.
I think Cenk Uygur predicted it months in advance too, to laughs. Most people were too locked up in their circle of self congratulation to see what was actually happening on the street level.
Little different than the guy who voted Brexit, then expressed surprise when it happened. I struggle to understand the thought process (lol) behind that. The thing you directly participated in making happen, happened. Wtf were you expecting?
I think I heard that someone named Trump was elected President down south? Could it be about him?
You've all got it wrong. The turtle is looking at Ignis and coming up with a new recipah. Noctis Nuggets. Ignis Ice Cream. Prompto Pasta. Gladiolus Gelatin. The possibilities are endless.
The latter floats better and can give the sharks something else to munch on.
Are we talking cow or human? With him you can't be sure.
I have it on good authority from my people, the best people I assure you, who went to the best schools. Fantastic people who are going to turn this broken country around. They told me refugees killed over 3 million Americans last year. And I'm the only one who's going to stop it. You won't hear about this on fake news.
If those Muslim's had the decency to be properly deported like Trump and his Legion of Doom wanted, they wouldn't have been there to be shot! Sad. /s
That isn't really realizing though, more of an instinctual twitter based response. Sort of like how an amoeba attacks food despite not having a brain or nervous system.
Voters make mistakes. Exhibits A through Z of that are currently making the news.
Knob polishing?
Less a voice of reason, more the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
I don't think the technology exists to go down deep enough to find the bar this time. It's halfway to the Earth's core at this point.
That's a legal matter. A very old regulation makes inter-country mail shipments go through a more streamlined process than the couriers have to go through. The advantage exists to be sure, but it's not due to superior service.
It was leaked in her emails! Or something. I think. I don't really recall anyone actually providing proof of this, but it matches my internal ideology so it must be absolute fact and I will fight you if you try to prove otherwise. Drain the swamp! Show the birth certificate! Emailpizzapedophilebenghazigate!
Digging the hole deeper so the bar can be lowered even further.
Unless that little voice is the judge in the latest court case against him, don't hold your breath.
Remember when they argued that they should have been mandatory carry in their Sun News TV incarnation? Consider that a bullet missed.
Need to take home that awesome golden Alcey Award. Eagerly await the 2017 nominations.
Came to say the same thing.
Democrats lack (comparatively) the state level election organizing and the unity at all costs mentality of the right. It's gerrymandered and voter suppressed to hell now against the Dem's and it's cost them dearly. That despite the current presidential shitshow the election in 2 years still looks bad for Dems with all the seats up for grabs is pure evidence of that.
Darth Bannon finds your lack of faith disturbing.
&gt; Politicians are not corrupt enough to take an envelope that didn't come from an official donation Before you get all comfortable in what you seem to think is an ironclad argument, you might want to look at the article again and apply critical thought. Particularly the sections where it goes into where money comes from. Political spending, even in our province with more lackadaisical rules, is tracked. Personal finances are audited. A person might get away with mysterious sacks of undeclared cash showing up on their doorsteps for a little while, but not forever. Then they lose their job or go to jail. Saskatchewan political history has some examples of this. Best focus on your first argument for now champ.
Do you seriously think politicians across all political ideologies and regions spend a major chunk of their cash on political advertising when it doesn't have any effect? Maybe slow down on the beers, it can impair judgement.
Now it's time to look up the definition of anecdote. Long story short a personal anecdote is less than meaningless when looking at population scale events. Follow that up by looking up what a swing voters is. Usually in the center, not fully in any camp and far from your belief of taking extreme jumps in ideology for no reason. Political parties are not ideology monoliths. People in a party will vary on their alignment. Some are close to center, some are on the edges and most are somewhere in between. Swing voters are targetted since being in the center they have the highest potential to consider someone in the next closest party. Political spending is focused on them since people farther away from the center are less likely to jump ship because of the bigger ideology gap. Still a good idea to slow down on those beers btw.
The real A team is currently being assembled to investigate the Z team currently in the White House.
When he's right he's right. I've always appreciated how even-handed Mandryk generally is in his reporting and editorials, it's refreshing compared to some of his peers.
We won't be answering any more questions on the subject of the physical state of water, and request you refer any future questions to our legal team. Thank you and good day.
Think I'll wait until the *actual* NBC confirms it, or some other reputable source.
As is tradition.
I think he made another typo. He meant he was elected to represent Saint Petersburg, not Pittsburgh. Might have been auto correct screwing up.
You can just see and hear the condescending smugness of Hannity while he reports it in your mind, can't you.
A guy who has been covering politics for over three decades and has won awards has no sources and is not respected? Not even sure what to make of this comment.
The only thing Trump respects is Trump. Everything else is a resource to be abused or an enemy to be destroyed.
It isn't fair criticism. View cedog's post further up.
Make deception great again.
Party before everything else. Works fantastic for getting elected. Also puts monsters into power without challenge.
&gt; Look, having nuclear—my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart —you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world—it’s true!—but when you’re a conservative Republican they try—oh, do they do a number—that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune—you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged—but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me—it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are (nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right—who would have thought?), but when you look at what’s going on with the four prisoners—now it used to be three, now it’s four—but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years—but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us. [Video](http://www.slate.com/blogs/lexicon_valley/2015/07/31/donald_trump_this_run_on_sentence_from_a_speech_in_sun_city_south_carolina.html) You will be hard pressed to find someone with a worse grasp of the english language than this. The words are certainly there but it has almost no recognizable structure. It's almost randomized. You'd probably get better results having Macron speak in french and then run it through an auto-translator. So yes, Macron speaks better english.
Yeah no. It's free market action. Private companies supporting another private company for ad space encounters public pushback against their relationship decisions and pulls support. Protecting their brand from negative association in order to safeguard their bottom line. Story as old as time. You just happen to like the negative association and slap a scary label on the decision to make yourself feel assured that everyone else is wrong.
Here comes the book burning. Always a good sign for a democracy, right?
To do what? Trigger the rapture?
Just admit you made a mistake and weren't aware he was a member of Trump's team. Adults admit mistakes.
Which doesn't make any damn sense in either the context of this deal, or in how international treaties work. If he wants to change things he just made his options for that *worse*, not better. It can't be changed from the outside. He doesn't even comprehend what he just did.
Fuck it, there really is no slice of reality in these people. The sky is red. Water is granular. Hamburgers eat people. Trump won the popular vote. Nothing is real.
The Russians stand out because the rest of the contacts are *allies*.
Ok sure they keep voting for party that acts against their best interests, but they've got a good hunch that *this* time it'll work out. At least they aren't lieberals, amirite? High five! . . . What was that? Health coverage is being taken away? We never saw it coming!
Dear Breitbart Stay the hell out of our country you xenophobic, alt-reich trashheap of a website. Your deceitful hate-filled existence is offensive to the majority of Canadians. Sorry. Sincerely, Canada.
Oh I've seen them too. Always scratch my head when they cheer on policies that would harm Canada because Trump said it. But they seem to be a smaller minority up here. They couldn't even keep Fox North (Sun News) on the air.
Probably more concentrated out here in the prairies, but even then they seem to be relegated to the fringe.
Oh I haven't forgotten the Rebel. But they had to retreat from TV to the interwebs when people wouldn't pay to see their crappy show, and when even a majority conservative govt controlled by reformers refused to give them mandatory carriage. And that gives me hope.
Trump's lawyers: And now we need to go get drunk. Damnit Donald!
Continuing the fine tradition of right-wing news channels/websites firing people only after they take their racism overtly and indefensibly public, to the point of endangering ad revenue. Extreme vetting, or something.
I'd be happy if you could produce a link to the left misrepresenting crowd sizes by multiple factors.
Study: The percentage at which it becomes socially acceptable to eat the rich still unknown.
Edgy.
Yes.
Sorry but we're in hardcore ironman mode, no save scumming.
As with everything else in this Presidency: A) The accusations against the Democrats were exaggerated to comical effect -and- B) Trump will do the same thing he criticized Dems for, but at a much higher degree
Choo choo here comes the trainwreck
So edgy.
"Sir, the FBI Probes are bypassing our shields. White House integrity critical. One more hit could finish us!"
Haha. Wait, you were serious? Ahahahahahahaha!
Almost as if an unrestrained free market will do what's best for themselves instead of society as a whole. If only there were some kind of rules in place to help limit bad behavior. If only....
Take away the food stamps, incentivise eating the rich.
Rule 1: Don't speak about the cabal. Shit I just broke rule 1.
Making accusations against an entire political party when they played no part in the figures only adds to the partisan crap.
He hasn't accomplished positive things. His legislative agenda is dead in the water. His executive orders are mostly symbolic. Congress is mired with incredibly low support for his agenda and unable to proceed. Trump has neutered his own staff with huge cuts to personnel that haven't been replaced and schizophrenic daily messaging that makes planning impossible. Without any real legislation to point to, any changes to the economy are a factor of the economy. Any changes to jobs are a factor of the economy. As to being opposed to working with him, why would Canadians want to work with someone who wants to weaken our trade deals to his benefit? You said so yourself, America first. That means Canada second. That means taking our jobs away that were negotiated with them in good faith over the decades. Perhaps you should explain to Liberals why you so strongly support a foreign leader that actively campaigns on taking jobs away from your countrymen?
Anyday now he's going to buy the paper he'll need to write the letter that will express his dissatisfaction and lay out the timeline for when he might decide to actually do something. Theoretically.
Did they forget to pray to Supply Side Jesus? That's a critical step.
Party before country.
I swear baby, I've changed this time. I kicked out O'Reilly and Beckel. I'm a new network. It's gonna be good this time, I mean it.
It's no wonder they haven't inherited wealth from rich parents, they waste all their money on iphones and avocados.
Tyro. With both Wall and his BSB it'll make keeping both up more viable. Probably Refia after that for pairing with her BSB. Then kitty ears.
How can anyone be sure the book is true when nobody alive was present at its creation?
Or the intelligence not to incriminate himself. Or the composure not to get rattled or angry. Or the attention span to not start tweeting while being asked questions. Or the bladder control to sit that long. Or.....
Trump is new to the job, you can't fault him for things. /s
It's very damn sexy. No more worrying about Wall dropping off if you happen to have another good SB for him and want to juggle both.
"President Trump barely even knows intellect, it wasn't involved with much of the campaign."
I Reich a good joke in the morning.
I keep thinking back to the "run it like a business" mantra that was part of the campaign. Would any large scale corporation hire a politician with no private sector experience as CEO? Hell no. It doesn't work any better in reverse, as the world is now experiencing.
Ditto, HG in particular is a good SB made effectively useless. I know back in the day it was excused because it was such a strong heal but we're way past that now.
As expected from the Grand old Projection party. When Obamacare took a year to become legislation with *tons* of debate that was Dems "ramming" it through. Trying to pass an equally large bill in a fraction of the time in secret? Apparently ok now.
If a Dem was acting like Trump they'd boost NASA's budget by billions to fire that President into the sun. They threatened Hillary impeachment before the election was even finished. The hypocrisy is so stunning that it's starting to violate the laws of physics.
Hawaiian Pizza is best pizza. Why waste time on this argument when real travesties continue unabated. Like putting Mayo on hamburgers.
Covfefe in Chief Predisent Drumpf.
Sigh.........upvote.
Don't forget to also separate the Reichpublican wing.
Another difference is past presidents actually sought out the wisdom of prior presidents as they are literally the few people in the world that understand the job. To the point that many of them became friends despite originally being politically opposed. But then again they had class and humility. They understood that once the show is over the welfare of the country trumps (pun intended) personal or political rivalry.
These are the people he said he could shoot in the street and get away with it. They'd consider it an honor.
Little known fact: All covfefe is gold but not all gold is covfefe.
The office hand lotion dispenser conspicuously within arms reach. Or hell maybe even the hand sanitizer....
R next to the name, party before country, move along.
KFC flavor with a hint of sweetness from the coke button, presumably.
Keep pretending that conservatives who aren't gun supporters must be liberal shills if it helps fulfill your conspiracies.
Not my fault, he told me he was Basch.
In jail again.
In other news Jeff Sessions confirmed to be Skeletor
I like Bernie but the reverse is true, he's bringing (or trying to bring) to the US what the majority of the western world already enjoys. If anything the nightmare example that is Trump is what's scaring other nations away from their own alt-rights.
They don't drink the blood they bathe in it to absorb the youthful essence of their victims. You need to stop listening to fake news. /s
If we follow the standard GOP hypocrisy formula where the frequency of their complaints is relative to their guilt, he must have a Scrooge McDuck style weed vault that he dives into.
No black lung either. That's character buildun!
He is obsessed with the appearances of being strong and winning, regardless of the actual merit. If he spent half that energy on actually trying to do good he might have some legislative accomplishments. But his severe character flaws prevent it.
Wait, was that the 30 day plan? To bugger off to golf again and let someone else deal with it?
I officially declare shenanigans. Shenanigans!
Boy, they make it sound like making a faustian deal with an unstable chaotic individual could somehow unravel all their twisted plants to enrich their friends. Low energy.
Everything that the GOP accused Hillary of doing, Donnie has done *and worse.*
Keep trying you'll get it. Had about 10 different PUG attempts until last night when the perfect team combination came together. This boss requires some very specific abilities in order to survive. From what I've seen people are slowly wising up to the boss requirements, I've noticed more people putting up blink and last stand and less blocked elements. PUG's are slow to adapt but they get there eventually.
"Wait, I won? Holy shit guys I actually won!" And a new national hero is crowned. Baron Soldier #879256351, may his legend live forever.
To think the guy invented temporal communications and just uses it to be horribly sexist. Sigh.
No, because the questions being asked about his taxes are outside the purview of the IRS.
The more the GOP lowers the bar the easier it becomes for the left to defend the (proportionately smaller) mistakes of Trump's eventual Democrat replacement.
Just when you think the "But her emails!" (or buttery males) meme is getting tired, Trump pours gasoline on the fire.
You can turtle up and hide in the corner but the chip damage will just keep taking your HP down.
Say it with me: This is not normal.
It's over simplified but on the left I see the primary reasons being the social problems it causes, and on the libertarian side it being a matter of personal freedom and a waste of tax dollars to enforce. I'm sure there's people with a mixed view.
Loyalty, and the willingness to betray anything you've ever stood for if it will temporarily please his holy cheetoness.
It's a feature, not a bug.
His bachelor degree in animal science makes him an authority on the subject of global climate, obviously. /s
Also willing to do or say anything to stay in the limelight.
Shot into the sun, you say?
Nothing screams progress like bragging about something that was built a century ago.
Attack of the Clods
As always they are only sorry they got caught, what they apologized for was a rare unfiltered look at what they truly believe.
Rats, fleeing ship, etc.
That's an odd way to spell "throw them into Mount Doom"
It honestly sounds like one of those bad bosses who's heard the word cloud, doesn't fully understand what it means, and wants stuff moved to it because it's a current buzz word. Yeah it makes sense for a lot of businesses. But the bigger you get the more sense it makes to host your own servers. And at the scale of a government serving hundreds of millions of people? Forget about it.
When Republicans have total control of the govt and ultimately decide the final results of that investigation there is no ability on the part of the left to win here. At best the Repubs will decide how and to what degree they will lose and the voting public will decide if it was sufficient action next election. And during that time the country will continue to be torn apart. captars was correct.
Damn that's impressive. Good job bot.
Addiction starts before birth and going cold turkey is 100% lethal. Such a tragedy.
The "don't think" part of your statement is the key component of the whole argument. What's the saying? You can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into in the first place.
Wait, does that mean Morpheus was giving Neo viagra? Did they have that kind of relationship? Not that there's anything wrong with that.
It'd be a good argument if you had some wins you could actually point to as evidence your approach is working and shouldn't be changed. But they don't exist. Don't fault people for seeing a long, severe losing streak and wanting to do something different. And if it fails you haven't lost anything as you are *already losing*.
You are correct that different doesn't automatically mean better. On the other hand there is more than ample evidence that the current approach is *failing*, badly. Trying an alternative, regardless of it's ultimate success or lack thereof, can't have a worse outcome if you are already losing completely.
Pretty sure cheetolini and his legion of doom are quite happy with how things turned out. His guy won. Statistics are irrelevant if it doesn't put a butt in the seat.
You aren't taking red districts regardless of who you run. Running a progressive image nationwide tells the country you plan to help them and how. Running milquetoast status quo centrists on a platform of "Ain't Trump awful?" in continually failing attempts to grab red voters tells the country you don't have a plan and never will.
Just be sure to pick "out in the boonies" buttfuck Saskatchewan, the cities have been near the top of the overpriced housing lists for several years now.
When Black decided a British title was more important than being a Canadian citizen he took the petty crown and skipped town with it.
The title *wouldn't* say that, as it would be incorrect. Wall approval: 52% old approval 46% current approval 49% disapprove 5% unsure 52-46=6% approval drop "Approval rating for Premier Brad Wall falls 6 points in Sask" - Correct title Trudeau approval: 48% approve unknown% disapprove unknown% unsure 48-46=2% approval favoribility advantage to Trudeau Before you start accusing people of bias you should check your math - and your own bias.
The story doesn't contradict the title. His approval rating dropped 6 points. 49% disapprove. His disapproval rating is now higher than approval so it gets top billing. If the reverse was true and they highlighted a lower negative number you'd have a point about bias, but it isn't. The title is an exact summation. Your own bias is blinding you to the basic math.
If you take out adding "broke" to his name, which was only used twice out of 3 paragraphs(ish), the rest of it is factual. That doesn't make it bashing.
Man this company has been poorly run. Granted box stores are having difficulty in general selling in the modern age, but Sears seems to have suffered from some really bad management. They were set up to be Amazon long before Amazon existed and just let it die on the vine.
Noone knew it was so difficult not to fire off nuclear missiles. The red button for missiles was right next to his red button to call for a coke, an honest mistake. He's a novice at this and needs time to adjust to his role.
FFIX in particular is a fantastic PC port that I can't recommend enough. Runs well, has the original audio which has sometimes been a problem on PC, and some noticeably improved visuals in the 3D models. Biggest improvement is the FMV's. Somehow they still had original high res master copies or something lying around to draw HD versions out of, looks incredible. It's actually ironic how in the original version you could tell when a still image was transitioning into an FMV by when it suddenly gets pixelated, and now the opposite is true.
Economics trumps everything else. They know their numbers in detail, we don't. Tech specs, customer fairness, everything else is secondary.
Color is irrelevant if it stays a shade of red. The person in the seat is the only thing that matters in the end, and Dems are continuing to be kicked out of or denied those seats. That they are finding every way to lose to literal evil people out to tear up the country is damning.
I'm sorry to say this but if they treated her that way for 15 years it isn't surprising at all how they acted at the end. They made it clear they were assholes. If you have shitty bosses you accept they are shitty bosses or move on. They don't get better. It doesn't make it right but this is the world.
I actually just went through it last night for the first time, ironically in the first game I've played in months. It's super creepy and weird but still fun, try it out. Praise the Worm! You'll understand eventually. Or you already understand. What was will be. What will be was.
Almost like it fits a pattern.
US military spending is the size of the next seven largest military budgets around the world, *combined*. The majority of those seven are either allies or major trading partners. There is no danger of the alarmist scenario you present if military spending was reduced. Even a cut of 50%, which would never be accepted, would still leave you the dominant military power. It's cold war era thinking in a world where the greatest military enemy lives in caves.
The deficit argument is a political tool to use against your enemies and to ignore when you are in charge. That is all.
Ok sure, my congressman just passed a bill making it mandatory for my grandmother to be enrolled in something called a soylent green program. I've heard complaining about this program on the elitest liberal media but I can't be sure if it's real or not. Better to vote for the devil you know instead of the devil that you don't, that might not actually be a devil, but anyways her emails.
You don't need to run faster than the bear. You need to run faster than the slowest person in your group.
I'm always saddened when people are denied the award they work so hard to get.
The govt is going to mandate that everyone must own a self-driving car within 10 years? Don't think you've put much thought into this.
Sorry no, you're chipping in too. You won't like being forced to help people naturally, but you won't have a choice in the matter. Welcome to a society. You now have permission to kick and scream.
The mistake was assuming a person who is an obvious and habitual liar was telling the truth one time, when that truth was the single most diametrically opposed position to the party he ran for. There was only one rational result.
To be fair, impaired driving rates are higher here than most of Canada. In 2015 half of [*all* impaired driving incidents](http://www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/85-002-x/2016001/article/14679-eng.htm) took place between here, the Yukon and the NWT. Considering the huge population differences between us and the major centers it isn't surprising they don't see much of a problem. On a per capital level it really is much smaller in the rest of Canada. We just really like to get sloshed here.
The left holds their own accountable when they pull off shady shit, to a degree that it can make things difficult to accomplish long term. The right gives that kind of behavior a promotion.
Don't know who I feel worse for; the guy in the hat or the janitor.
Your argument assumes the technology will both be perfect in judgement and never experience an error or failure requiring manual override. Or that all automated cars that will be sold will be rated level 5 automated. Or that Saskatchewan of all places will somehow replace its entire vehicle fleet in the near future. None of this is based in reality.
Kudos
Because everyone knows dealing with corpses and emergency room treatment doesn't cost a city money. And hamburgers eat people. It's simple: pro-active policies are ultimately cheaper than dealing with the aftermath of ignoring it. Just like every other aspect of life. The only difference is the pro-active policies are more immediately visible on the balance sheet, while the negative economic side effects of negligence require *slightly* more digging to determine the cost. You aren't saving money. You're just being dumb, and spiteful, and doing it in an overly expensive way. Morons.
And if you had taken even a cursory glance at his history you'd see he was a mentally ill man that has made threats against leaders of both political parties. Or that he was a devout christian AND constitution defender, which are traits more prominent on the right. Which is still not a shot at the right because, again, he is diagnosed as mentally ill and has a history.
To be fair they didn't expect him to be presidential OR informed. They expected him to be a good little signatory figurehead, approving every draconian thing they put in front of him with cameras rolling and everyone cheering him on to keep him satiated. They just underestimated how much of a self-sabotaging fuckup he is. And in that regard a lot of people are surprised how good he is at that.
No doubt he will strive to continue their fine tradition of fair and balanced political representation. . . . Laughing yet?
It's like watching a vehicle try to climb a muddy hill. It inches forward little by little, making slow progress. Then it hits a soft spot and slides back 10'. Ugh.
Glad my first two don't overlap at all (Tyro and Refia). After that it's kitty ears and maybe Ramza.
Be honest guys, at this point in his life there's enough to fill entire rooms. That's going to be a very shitty presidential library.
And that Ben Ghazi guy.
And while he's charging up his nuke he's healing your team. It really is a weird BSB but soooo satisfying on that last turn. It's fun watching rando's in MP give you weird looks right up until you fire it off.
Whatever negotiation "prowess" he's had came from a position of power he could exert. He was born wealthy, he's always had an advantage over most. That advantage has zero bearing when you are President. His (many) character flaws leave him poorly equipped to deal with people on level terms. He can bully subordinates but everyone else has the power to walk away.
His good friend Alex Jones will get ahold of that secret life extension technology so Trump can finally become an adult at the ripe old age of 130.
Forget walking away, he forges a new lifelong petulant rivalry if he isn't allowed to "win". Years, even decades after the fact. It's insane.
RNGesus taketh and RNGesus giveth away. Praise be the almighty algorithm. Amen.
There is zero evidence of voter fraud being any greater than an utterly irrelevant fraction of a fraction of a percentage. Fabricated claims by a man proven to lie on a daily basis are no grounds to turn over personal information. The demand has no basis in reality and no chance in court. Time to move on to the next agenda project that is doomed to fail utterly.
Well then, that's certainly one way to kick off the long weekend.
Also stop buying iphones. Don't you know the minutes recharge every month? You don't need to throw the old one out every time. Stupid millenials. /s
And no doubt people these people will be fired for peddling fake news like at the Clinton News Network, right? What's that, they aren't? CNN has higher standards than Infowars? Shocked I am. Shocked! /s
And all because a manchild with a pathological need to "win" can't stand that his opponent had a bigger number, even though he still won in the end.
"Clenched fists" most often being associated with peaceful disagreement, naturally. /s You aren't wrong about it not holding up in court, they did an excellent job of treading the line with the subtext. Damn near right on the edge of how far they can go. It'd be impressive if they weren't painting half the country as violent maniacs.
So he denies people went to the Moon, but then thinks they quadrupled down and sent people to Mars instead. Ok? Frankly I'm impressed at the apparently very rapid development of humanities space faring technology. I was sure this was still a couple decades away at least. Good job NASA!
You also can't reason people out of a position they didn't reason themselves into in the first place. A person that believes this claim is real is unsalvageable. They haven't just rejected facts, they've rejected the reality the rest of the world lives in. There is no common ground to reach.
Going to Mars is an entire order of magnitude more difficult than going to the Moon, even with current technology. To also simultaneously do it in absolute secrecy, despite the massive amount of resources that would have been required to accomplish it, is completely impossible. To think otherwise requires great ignorance of the sciences, pathological fear of the govt, a mental illness, or some combination of the three.
Too quick. He'd be sent to the Mars pedophile colony.
Time to stock up on holy water. Not a Belmont to be found when you need one.
A crack team put together to solve a major problem! Too bad that problem doesn't exist, and they're really out to solve a different problem. That people vote for their opponents.
Preparing to fill the pen with the ink he'll use to write a letter of concern once he gets off the couch after this show is over.
Kushners single-handidly solving middle east problems, the opiod crisis, acting as the head of state, curing the common cold and inventing the warp drive. Seems like he can do everything so might as well let him have a try at domestic disputes too. Kids got gumption!
Cult of three makes a triumphant return.
