Yeah man, this is really not the time to argue the difference between a pedophile and a child molester.
To me it felt clear Weir didn't put a lot of thought into his structure and literary choices, and that's why I didn't like the book. It was laziness or lack of experience that shaped the story and not deliberate thought.
It's more about nicer hotels/places having the resources to react quickly to bedbugs and get rid of them before they have the chance to spread (too much).
Depends on the office. Some go Obama style and read a sample of letters/emails, many get a tally of for/against on a hot topic. Most correspondences don't reach the elected official in any way. But that's okay. Legislative offices have evolved from the Congressperson, an advisor, and a secretary - into the modern office full of people. Everyone bitches about politicians working just to get re-elected, which is untrue to various degrees, but you can be damn sure everyone else in the Congressional office is working on behalf of their district or State. Their incentive to do a good job is to move up in the DC labrynth or to move back home with a lot of good connections. People don't like selfish assholes, even in DC. Look at what's happening to Ted Cruz and all these colleagues coming out to say what a fuckwad he is. A Capitol Hill staffer who doesn't do a good job, and doesn't actually consider the ramifications of what they're working on in terms of who they're supposed to be working for (making the Congressperson look good to their constituents) will not be trusted with anything. TL;DR your elected official is more like an elected office. Worry less about the one asshole at the top and consider the assholes it surrounds itself with too.
I'm sure your mom was helping him and keeping him alive/not paralyzed, but please edit out the bit about the motorcyclist swallowing his tongue. Swallowing your tongue is something that can't physically happen. The belief that it can causes lots of lost fingers or broken teeth or actual choking when people shove something in an unconscious/seizing person's mouth to prevent them from "swallowing their tongue". Thanks!
Yes, but you don't fix that by putting an object into a person's mouth, as is commonly assumed. The phrase implies a wrong course.of action. Just say the man's airway was obstructed instead. These things make a difference.
That doesn't make much sense though. Aging is mostly just slow minor damage that doesn't get repaired. How come the organs, including skin, get repairs but not other things? Also, if you keep regressing until age 2 then things have to get repaired at some point. Like, your bones shrink and then regrow, so that should repair them, right?
Is ING a decent bank anyway? Like, if I was looking for one to use.
Awesome. Now fight /u/knightoblivion !
RemindMe! 2 days Donatio
Yeah but after you use it can you just get a normal haircut?
That's not bare hands. Thats shitty hands.
I feel like this is a decision every Norwegian child has to make in their life.
I'll find the perfect diet for no wipe dumps.
It's random. Sunflower seed appears on a boss floor at a decent rate, but it's not guaranteed.
They could be supportive of Trump in office because they think it will lead to the reduction of executive powers.
Answering my own question: yes, it does work. The book corpse might disappear from the floor you're on, but it'll eventually show up and it might be a different book corpse.
Shame you have the worst of both options though.
I mean, those people were right. It took a fucking war to abolish slavery, and that happened because the South merely thought Lincoln was going to try to abolish it.
Do you really think no one is trying? There are political groups and people in DC trying every day to establish single payer. Their progress, or lack of it, is how leading healthcare policy experts know that it's impossible.
I'll also use a zero egg on a floor sometimes if the mobs are getting too hard.
Make sure youre killing the mushrooms in the right order. Also, magic vine will hit the boss for 10% of the bosses health if it hits within a few turns of a mushroom dying.
I agree. It would be better to ask why the other 98 non-NJ senators voted against the amendment. Let congressmen protect the big industries and by extension their constituents in their state. Focus on convincing the other congressmen from other states.
Sweet, good to know.
Yeah.
RemindMe! 2 days Donation
You're seeing that on hard?
&gt; People were up in arms during the Bush administration over the invasion of Iraq, but then completely went to sleep during the Obama years because of his party affiliation and slick PR, despite Obama getting involved in conflicts in even more countries than Bush did. The difference is that Bush started the conflicts whereas Obama got involved in conflicts that sprung up or that he inherited while he happened to be in office. And dropping bombs is less likely to create dissent than sending American troops to invade a country. As a disclaimer, I know you can argue that Obama started the military action in some countries, like Yemen, but I'll refer you to my second sentence.
I think the ACA and PP examples were a response to the question asked about policies, not an example of what makes Trump sexist. Couple different conversations happening ITT.
First off, the amount of bombs dropped is a ridiculous thing to bring up. Its not a measurement of anything except money spent. You can drop a hundred bombs and not kill a single person or you can send a convoy of soldiers down a highway and they're all blown up by IEDs. Second, who started it is in fact a valid critique. If Bush had invaded Afghanistan in December, 2000, people would wonder wtf is wrong with him. But doing it after 9/11 makes sense and almost no one protested his actions. So, bin Laden started that. Bush invading Iraq made less sense to Americans and that's why more people protested his invasion there. As the wars went on, more people protested because the exit plan became increasingly unlikely. Then there were less protests against Obama because by that time the drawdown of troops in Iraq was underway. He increased troops on Afghanistan after it became clear that that war, the one most people supported, was not going well. Since he didn't start that war, only wanted to make sure that was a success, most Americans were fine with his plan. So yes, geopolitical conflicts can sometimes be justified with seemingly childish arguments. But in the context of this discussion about why people didn't protest Obama's military actions as much as Bush's, they are valid arguments. Partly because people are childish.
&gt; You better belief that inspires dissent. Terrorism too. You're right. I was only referring to American dissent in my OP. Unknown foreigners dying are less likely to bother Americans than American soldiers dying. Maybe it should be different, but that's a different conversation I guess.
You mean the alley behind the bar?
I'm well aware of what Obama has done to other countries. I approve of the use of drones to kill citizens in other countries to further the interests of the USA. So no, nothing you said addresses what I said about the difference between the Bush and Obama uses of force and how that would impact the size and frequency of American citizens protesting against the different administrations use of force.
No, but I prefer living in a world where the country in power doesn't (currently) kill political dissidents in their own country. That's a good baseline imo.
The text is full. Negotiations are over. The only thing that can be done at this stage is for countries to either ratify or reject the agreement. It's clear from your statement that you know nothing of laws or law making.
"Some people are saying, I don't know, but some people are saying. I'm just saying it could be true, we dont know, but some people are saying Trump was peed on by Russian hookers. I'm sure he's a great person, he just likes pee." That's what you sound like. Just replace the nouns.
&gt; I file taxes both as a business (3D Animation), and as a person (owner of 3D animation business.) But you don't. The business is a separate legal entity, which is the whole point. A business owner does not get to claim all of their businesses taxes as their contribution to the government because other people also contribute to the value of that business. I agree there's little value in seeing Trump's personal tax returns though and can understand why he doesn't want the headlines that would result from releasing them. I don't care about them, but it ended up being a bigger deal in the campaign because he didn't release them. And in the end everyone knew or thought that he didn't pay any personal income taxes anyway.
His followers are a minority of the population and they will never be convinced to stop being a follower. The goal for Democrats is to hype up the non-followers, and it's far easier to get traction with "Trump is a liar" than "Trump signed an executive order that may not impact you but here's what might happen if it does impact you." The worse thing for Trump's opposition is if they hype up one of his policies as something that will take away their healthcare or lose them their home... and then it never happens. That takes away their credibility. A lie that can be 100% proven is always good to highlight. Unless Trump gets an abortion or snuggles some immigrants across the border. That might lose him some followers, but no guarantee on that.
Assuming thats real, that plan may backfire. It's harder to pass laws when the public face of those laws isn't popular. Or even if Trump goes all WILD CARD BITCHES and increases funding for inner city programs because he bought some real estate there.
Chiming in to say I didn't have any spiritual feelings on LSD, not even a "greater connection" to life or anything. Felt more introspective though. All brains are weird and fucking with brains does even weirder stuff. It's all perfectly logical.
&gt; Meanwhile, trump signs the framework to dismantle obamacare and sucks all the oxygen away from discussion about his controversial cabinet picks. Your overall statement might make sense if people weren't also talking about his weird speech at the CIA, the marches on Saturday, the possible impacts of his executive orders, and spent weeks discussing his cabinet picks. It's possible to pay attention to more than one thing at a time. And the "average American" who doesn't follow politics will only see headlines anyway. 50 different headlines about different topics will be seen more than 50 of the same headline.
I mean, the thread was asking for anecdotes. None of them, positive or negative, could really be proven.
&gt; pool of potential candidates mostly comes from people with political influence That's a bit of a tautology. People gain political influence by being active in politics, and being active in politics is a requirement to being a candidate for President. Obama is the most recent example of a non-politician running for President simply by having the shortest amount of time of being active in politics. He certainly didn't come from money or having a political family.
But how would you know they wouldn't just kill everyone anyway? Thats never specified. At least in option one you know one person will survive.
The gif is kinda grainy, but I'm pretty sure I saw a shoe come off. That means she's dead I'm afraid.
There were other mass "barbarian" migrations during the rise and height of the Roman Empire that didn't destroy it (obviously). It's more that the success of the immigrating tribes was symptomatic of Romes decline, and their inability to deal with thease tribes, than they were the cause of the decline. The straw on the camels back shouldn't be considered the major factor in breaking in. There's good arguments about how much the immigration of the tribes contributed, but I get the feeling the guy in the picture doesn't have them.
Truly, your username is accurate.
&gt; Not trying to be a conspiracy theorist Well, you failed.
&gt; I say this because I see people on both sides pointing fingers at "the enemy" while they are guilty of the same. It's like a race to the bottom where no one even notices they are just as bad a steh ones they complain about. Take a week and count how many times you see each side (of whatever topic you want) do it. It's rarely comparable. Don't mistake seeing one of each side doing it as proof that all sides do it just as much. As OP said, this is a verifiable fact that you can check yourself.
Nope. But it's also annoying that idiots like that provide a great strawman for Trump supporters who can pretend everyone who disagrees with them looks and acts like that.
&gt; I am just saying that for every pro Trump person being a jackass, I see three people who are anti Trump being the same. This thread wasn't talking about people being assholes, it was about people who shut down conversations by just saying "lol all lies".
&gt; entirely the fault of people on the Left and Right alike offering no inspiring alternative. Really? Like people weren't "inspired" with someone who was either the status quo or ran on changing the status quo so they had to default to the guy who spouted authoritarian nationalist leanings? You don't that think maybe it was the authoritarian nationalist leanings being spouted that inspired people? And that that's the thing people are concerned about?
I'm having an easy time with Mage/justice heraldy/ bloody wolf. The Justice gives 5 defense and bloody wolf reduces hp/attack for minibosses and final boss. I find defense is really important to reduce the enemies damage when they hit my dragon minion. Mage just makes it really east to kill final boss and pick off some ranged enemies. Bloody wolf doesn't make a huge deal. Any other gumball would probably work. FYI, the bandit claws and Kaito attack will steal random materials from normal enemies, the buff items from minobosses (but then they don't drop anything when they die), and EP from final boss. Only used one on final boss, so it might drop other stuff too. Basically bandit/Kaito is a waste.
A better economy in general is always good. But I guess realistically as an average middle class person you'd have a higher quality of life in a socialist democracy in Europe. They also have faster internet. At least you get...football? Peanut butter? BBQ?
Um...donde esta la bibliotecha?
&gt; Then explain that as the focal point of the universe, you could kill yourself and destroy everything. And this is the point where they jam you full of sedatives and keep you in a coma for the rest of your life, where they can keep you locked away in a safe location free from even accidentally falling down and breaking everyone's hip.
America already has an effective screening process and monitors refuge immigrants on a constant basis. No terror attacks in the US have been commited by refuges except for 3 Cubans in the 70s. America doesn't open itself up to anything except helping some refuges.
No one knows what you want in a candidate. They both had websites to highlight their positive qualities and they both had opposition highlighting their negative qualities. That should be enough to make a more informed decision than half of the people who actually voted.
That's what Primitive Technology videos are for. He hasn't progressed to gunpowder though...
&gt; In every other western country, Except Britain. And every other country that's currently flirting with aggressive nationalist parties.
It didn't help Obama. He got blamed for not closing Gitmo, not getting a single payer option in ACA, and other stuff he tried to do. People look at results and end up considering it weak that you "tried" to do something but failed. Or maybe it's a double standard for Republicans. Or maybe Trump is just stupid and didn't consider the constitutionality of all the EOs he's signed so far.
And? The federal court is just suspending all entry of the Executive Order until we find out what's going on with it. The order itself might be unconstitutional in the way it's being applied. We don't know, but we have to find out and really smart people are saying we should find out.
Yes, Obama did issue an order to close Gitmo: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_13492 EOs have limited power. In the case of Gitmo the executive branch didn't have enough power to fully close it. How about you go learn something before trying to argue that Trump is a genius.
Now you get 0%.
&gt; including when the person is a religious minority in his country of nationality facing religious persecution, This is the important part of the section you quoted. It's to open the door for allowing Christians into the country, and only Christians. It's an outright ban for anyone who might be a Muslim.
I'd give the benefit of the doubt on what this language would be used for if the administration hadn't publicly stated they wanted a Muslim ban, but that they are giving Christians priority for entering the country. You're right that other possibilities exist. But I can't honestly believe that they're focusing on Hindu or agnostic persecuted groups in Syria.
Technically, if all of Trump's voters were never forgiven and looked down on for the rest of their lives there's still enough non-Trump voters to elect people who can keep the country from falling apart. Obviously it's better to have their support, but they're not needed.
I'm not tired of winning yet. I'd like the chance though.
&gt; And trump has never killed anyone. He has, and he's gotten a US service member killed while doing it. He definitely killed 14 suspected militants and there are reports saying 10 additional women and children were killed. Source: http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN15D08J
&gt; I'm saying we're having difficulty doing this part when done in such large numbers from dissimilar enough cultures. Then what's a good number? Why is 110k too large but 50k isn't? And why have black people been here a few hundred years but still have a semi-separate culture? And what's up with Chinatown? Maybe the response should be a better way of dealing with logistical issues, not so being xenophobic and insular that we create more problems than we solve.
No one's judging you for thinking two family members going at it is hot.
It doesn't work like this in politics. Perception is all that matters. If the protesters think they won, then thats the narrative that the public will generally believe. Had Trump started off with banning people, except greencard holders, then he could have held strong and stuck to the narrative of only banning potential narratives. He would look stronger by not appearing to back down and the protesters would look ineffectual. Furthermore, the second wave of news on a subject gets less attention than the first wave. More people know that Trump banned everyone, even permanent residents, than they'll know that the policy has changed.
Why give the general public a win? In politics perception is all that matters. Trump looks weaker for backing down and the left can keep their passion and momentum going by pointing to a win. If he had a reasonable policy in the first place he could hold strong, the protesters look more irrational and ineffectual, and less middle of the road folks wouldn't have disapproved of Trump's actions in the first place. This negotiation tactic may work in business, but it doesn't work in politics.
There is absolutely no benefit for starting at super crazy horrible. Initial news of a subject is all that the vast majority remembers. The public will barely be aware of the change in policy to a less crazy version. And public perception is all that matters in politics. This is especially true when the Trump administration gives plenty of super crazy horrible actions to talk about. If they're masterminds, it's more likely they're trying to bury awareness of less blatantly outrageous actions like appointing Bannon to the NSC.
This thread made it to /r/all and I'm not familiar with this sub, so bear with me. Can you briefly explain this subs/socialisms stance on the appropriate use of military force? When to use it, how to use it, etc. I ask because there are differences, as small as they might be, between the policies of Bush and Obama regarding military action and what to use when. I assume Trump will also have differences.
There was military intelligence they had to physically pick up. I don't think anybody without a security clearance knows if it was a person, documents, hard drive, or what. Whatever they were looking for might have also not been there, which would make this a complete disaster.
It's easy to get stuff done when you apply 0 thought to what you're doing.
Had to be intel. The other option is that there were American boots on the ground for literally no reason. It's most likely that it was heavily guarded intel. There are very good reasons for keeping military actions classified. In this case the details are not being release because the Intel gained will be used in followup actions, or because it was a failure and they don't want to admit it.
There a choices other than be nearing near terrorists and being near the US.
When they're infected with the rage virus and about to eat your brains. As a serious answer, collateral damage is a real, morally ambiguous question. It would be better to not have any children die ever, but that's not realistic. We killed millions of children in WW2 to try and stop the war, but few people would say we shouldn't have been so destructive and that it would have been fine to let the war go on longer. So scaling that example down, how many children are okay to kill in pursuit of what goal? Would it have been okay to kill one of OBLs kids when we raided his home? A random kid? Two of them? We know drone strikes have been called off because the target was located next to a school (probably on purpose). We know drone strikes have happened when the military had good intelligence stating there were no civilians in the area, but the intel was wrong. Should there be no drone strikes? What if that leads to American or European children dying? Is that morally better because Western hands didn't commit the killing? Many libertarians have come to this conclusion because the risk from failing to act is so much smaller than the known consequences of committing drone strikes and that there are other counter- terrorism options. I know you've probably considered these questions, but not all spectators in the thread might have.
I appreciate the response. Would cyber warfare fall into the category of military force? For an example, if two sovereign nations targeted government infrastructure plus corporate cyber infrastructure based in the respective countries. You can answer from your personal perspective (or not at all, of course).
&gt; They can't handle the fact that keeping America safe will not always be pretty and ideal. I think this is key for highlighting the different thought processes. For much of the left, safety is not the utmost priority. It's far more important to protect democratic ideals, American ideals, and other such things that make America great and functional for the long term. And sometimes *that* is messy and not perfectly safe. A panic room is the safest possible room, but it's not very free, or pleasant, to live in.
Globalists are overwhelmingly the West and usually members of upper classes. They have no interest in destroying the current order of Western superiority.
Makes sense. I was just generally curious. Thank you.
Yes he did. During the transition process he has all the access the President does. Also, most of the information is publicly available. And again, our borders were not open. There was a process in place, and it was effective and secure.
On the other hand, people thought the Tea Party was cannibalizing the Republican Party because they, too, demanded unrealistic purity. It seemed to help them win elections though. And fucked America, but winning is all that matters...right?
Dude. Trump said he wanted to ban Muslims. This ban Muslims. It's a Muslim ban. Why argue against calling it a Muslim ban when Trump said it would be, his supporters approved of banning Muslims, and then he did what he said he'd do?
He sounds like a great father too, not just a great man. Good thing he's not a Jewish mother though. Imagine the guilt he could put you through!
Thank you for sharing and teaching me more about that piece of very recent history.
&gt; increased radicalization of the Republican party over the past eight years So, it's only been the past 2 years huh? You're seriously inflating the impact youth internet culture had on this election. Radio and TV talk show hosts have had far, far more impact. Much of the Internet language you cite comes from Limbaugh and Beck, not the other way around.
The good old days when the Balkans were considered a threat to world stability. Glad youre here to remind us that refugees always need a place to go.
Yeah, which he did by nominating Sessions. Same as Obama did with Holder. Rarely do you fire the acting AG, or any department head, before your appointee is confirmed.
*Hessian mercenaries, not Germans. Germany wasn't a country until the late 19th century.
Option 1. Redirect my intestines into a colostomy bag and deal with it like many unfortunate people already do.
I'm not 100% sure on this, but I don't think Obama had a real cake either. It makes sense that inaugural cakes are all fake for logistical purposes.
Oh wow. But he used Swiss buttercream? What's wrong with good ol American buttercream? We all know about those Europeans. Obama is a traitor.
I think it's reasonable for people to look ahead to the future and see that the path is leading off the cliff and fight kicking and screaming *now* rather than when the cliff is about to come. Of course, if they're wrong they look like idiots, but people are willing to take that risk.
&gt; Rioting and preventing speech That's violence, not political correctness. So yeah, using violence to prevent speech is a threat to speech.
No, they riot because they don't want someone speaking at a certain place. They have issues with their speech and use violence to stop it. The probem js violence, not political correctness. What you're doing is blaming money because the consequence of money is that criminals rob people to get their money.
The dark web,the porn part of it, is ridiculously tiny compared to the publicly available porn world. So no, it is most porn that's not soul sucking.
Hey it's June now, just reminding you about the importance of mosquito nets on every corner and taco trucks in every household.
He's right tho, that's why I don't take showers.
Like in this video with a huge tennis star. He just starts kissing, he doesn't even wait. Grabs him by the shoulder. https://youtu.be/R2gzivLGWoc The girl was laughing and let him to do it. She must have wanted him.
You have a lot of very niche subreddits. Porn niche.
They do. Crazy happens to all genders. It has nothing to do with what gender roles society tries to create. It's an individual mental and biological problem that's making them be a stalker.
You have to look at the personalities and company structure. The three people that left basically run their companies like a private business. They chose to leave the council and they didn't need to get approval from a board to back them up. GE, PepsiCo, IBM, and others, have far more decision power diffused through the corp structure. Public email campaign has to be focused on the individuals who have the authority to leave the council. I personally don't have the information to do that though.
Air Force 9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_federal_politicians_convicted_of_crimes
If you don't care what they think why did you delete them?
That is your face.
That's why they're investing in a new industry that won't pollute their country. And also make them money.
&gt; I'm trying to shill for a deng xiaoping flair You can't have it unless we all get it. We are all deng xiaoping shills on this blessed capitammunism day.
That's quite the leap of generalization when all he said was not wanting to spend time filling out a form for every government service.
Thankfully, you'd be a bad terrorist. There's a reason why they don't attack places with security. They don't have very elaborate strategies of attack.
You have a lot of faith in this pop singers ability to influence politicians.
If any of that was unconstitutional, yes. People sued against the ACA arguing it was unconstitutional, information about the ACA, including what the Obama administration said, was used in arguments. But it was not found to be unconstitutional.
She'll be a pedo/dick magnet if she wore a full burkha all the time. That's how pedos and dicks work. Maybe you should teach her about safe sexuality and not be terrified of your daughter turning into a young women who interacts with society.
Can we be sodomized by tiny horses? Or by a female horse with her tongue?
&gt; escorting was more about a guy wanting a woman for some social things, but not sex. This does exist, but the vast majority of escorts are just using a euphemism.
Grandopa you're the best.
U dum
Guys he stopped talking to me I win
When things are going "well" less people watch news shows. When people are upset they pay more attention to news. It's not rocket science.
Did those subs the story was on delete their posts. I didn't see what subs made the post.
Path of Eternity does this as well. One thing that annoys me is when it tells me I fail a quest I never had in the first place, because I decided to massacre a noble house instead of earning their respect.
Don't feel bad. It's over everyones - less than some though.
Look at the data; Russia doesn't mind committing suicide. Your plan won't work.
&gt; Imagine if it were a gay male being strangled by a hetero? The outcry would be enormous. How would...how would you know it was a gay? Unless there was outcry because they showed his bussy pounded by the hetero.
95% of Shark threads are himself talking to his other accounts. It's great.
&gt; a slow manipulation. It's time to burn it down and start over. This belief is why people voted for Trump. So...lets not do that again?
&gt; but is he really a personal ally of Chris Christie? The article states he became a personal friend with Christie when they were young lawyers.
First is to understand that the Government is not a monolith. There are vastly different, numerous parts to the government. Things that can be changed without affecting other parts or without ruining the fabric of society. Second is to understand that "the people" is not a thing. If "people" had more power you'd just spend more time arguing with people who taxes should be cut, or laws should be harsher, or everyone should be given $1000 every month. Third is to understand that the agility to change the government is already something you, and other people, possess. Voting and citizen involvement does have an impact. But remember, what people want is a huge myriad of beliefs. What you want to happen will not always happen.
U dum
Where's all the people dismissing statements coming anonymous sources. Anyone keeping a running list of all the anonymous information being later publicly verified?
Do you honestly think a majority of people rationally analyse information related to anything?
&gt; I think this means that he is suspicious that Donald Trump might do something to Comey I don't think Comey would do something out of worry for himself. He seems like the guy that would take precautions when he's worried for the country, its institutions, or just generally don't trust someone.
I think the websites catering to kids has had more affect than other age gates. Kid websites tell you to have your parent give permission or sign up for you. Kids do that. Sometimes.
From your title I thought you were going to talk about all the experiments Sherlock kept in his fridge during Season 1. He was prepared to do anything to advance his knowledge of cold effects on human parts. Good point though. Good to know some parts of Sherlock character stayed constant the whole show.
My backflip is that I'm not on Tinder to turn people morally good. The level of fucked up stuff they need to be doing for me to even care is up at the "life without parole" crime level. Terrible marriage and/or home life is their business. This all changes if we become more than Tinder dates.
You're not my doctor anymore you can't touch my special place anymore
&gt; But I think that movie would depend a lot on the supporting characters reactions too. I'm seeing a lot of supporting characters looking at each other like from the movie about Hitler's last days in the bunker. Also the characters are literally trying to stab each other.
Wasn't that newly created? Maybe still before any Russian child hooker allegations though.
Guys she didn't make any threats. She just introduced herself and said she had a party planned. Didn't even invite American Airline to the party, just bragging about it.
Everybody in that threat is shit.
Someone in this thread is trolling but I can't tell which one. Or maybe I'm the troll. The world's gone mad.
&gt; If the same logic was applied while the Supreme Court was making a ruling on the ACA, it would have been halted on the basis that Obama wanted a fine rather than a tax on people who didn't sign up for insurance. You can't compare these judicial rulings. One was about an order coming from the executive branch. The other was about a law coming from the legislative branch. The only technicality involved is that Obama could say anything he wanted about the bill because he doesn't actually write the laws. Seems like you're one of the millions that forgets POTUS is not an anagram of King.
Let's add "But that's not real neoliberalism." Soon only the people left will be the global poor that couldn't afford buy alcohol to die from. Then they will get all the resources and jobs to no longer be poor.
The seizure that causes "drunkeness" will usually not affect the person's awareness, unless they went unconscious and are still waking up. The absence seizures mentioned usually don't cause the drunkenness. That's more of the "dazed" effect. Everything depends heavily on the individual though.
&gt; We're not in the 50s anymore. There's more than one sort of human to base fiction on. I miss the 50s when my good ol' characters were normal colors before they started pandering to the young generation. In my day we had classic like white for the lovable Pong game, yellow for that chinaman talkin' fella before he got hitched to the girl with a bow, and green for our brave American hero fighting off the invasion of ILLEGAL aliens. I'm not afraid to admit that those characters were better before those creatures started invading our games. Those new "people" like the elf that causes trouble for entrepreneurs with the courage to sell pot. Or hordes of thugs that came through that portal; they should get kicked out of Azeroth and go home where they came from. My games used to stick to reality. White males are simply the people who make up the majority of every fake universe before they even exist. That's just a fact and we should all admit it.
To be fair, look at what Lucas has done after his first trilogy...
&gt; facechanger merge computer program Wtf happened to this show?
Any presidents you do like?
&gt; We can morally treat different animals with different levels of humanity. This is the main thrust of what I originally said. Different animal species are different. We treat them differently based on this basic acceptance. &gt; Thats the difference between killing a mosquito and boiling a dog alive. If the global poor need to boil a dog (even for alive for whatever fucked up reason) to eat for food, I'd rather they did that over boiling a human for food. Because I believe humans are different from dogs.
Make great meme fodder. Ice cream! Birb on the podium!
&gt; Honestly, I have never heard that argument and I don't get the logic. Some people are cruel to other people and still have children. Also there is no biological need to make babies, it's an option not a need. What does being cruel have to do with having children? Creatures all have a drive to have children, reproduction is the end goal of all biological activity. Humans can do other stuff, and many choose to not reproduce, but that doesn't mean we don't all have a drive to reproduce. Humans are just like all other species, unless you're saying humans aren't the same. &gt; What does that mean for you? Do you have examples? Dogs, cats, pandas because they're cute and funny. Elephants because they're awesome and smart. &gt; Why do you think intelligence makes a difference? Don't you think we should have compassion for those more vulnerable than ourselves, even if they are not as smart as we are? Intelligence makes an impact because of how it makes me emotionally connected to another animal who displays a quality that humans have. It humanizes them. Compassion is based on other metrics unrelated to intelligence. I don't have compassion for vulnerable human fetuses. I don't have compassion for a drunk driver that lives but kills someone else's family. I do have compassion for alcoholics that suffer for their environment and their genetic tend towards addictive behavior. I do have compassion for pigs that are smart and unable to turn around in their pen until killed for bacon. Compassion isn't final determination of morality, fairness, or judgement. I have compassion and empathise with pig livestock but I don't think it's important enough to stop me from eating them. I have compassion and empathise with humans who commit crimes but it's still important to punish them. &gt; Cultural and traditional practices are sometimes unethical, like child labor or female genital mutilation or cooking dogs. Maybe we should get rid of them then? I gave you my criteria for judging a culture. We practice genital mutilation of dogs, both female and males. Are you opposed to spaying and neutering? Yes, I watched the philosophy crash course you linked. I don't know if that's the PBS video you mean.
Sharia law wouldn't be used so much in non-sensical ways if it didn't sound so cool. Muslims should change their law to "regulations for normal life" and people will stop using it as a boogie man.
Yes, you're the only smart person on reddit. You're very smart. So smart. So special.
&gt; Actually that was my question. Was does the ability of having babies to do with treating some beings well, but others not? Why do you draw the line on species level? Repeat step 1. I draw the line at species level because I want to mate with other in my species, thus making humans the best. &gt; I'd say being emotionally connected to another animal implicates having compassion for them. Okay. I said I did. &gt; Utilitarians propose sentience, more precisely the ability to experience suffering as a metric. What do you think about that? Choosing suffering as the metric is arbitrary. Like many things. There's no reason not to pick it since you need to define "good", but there's no reason to pick it over the metric of "largest quantity of living bio-mass". &gt; So you'd disagree with /u/ReservedWhyren who said "I don't care if a bunch of cattle and pigs live unsatisfactory lives if it means food costs less."? Read the rest of shit I spend typing out if you're going to bother replying. Compassion is a factor in my beliefs and actions. In this case it's not a big enough factor to stop me from eating the suffering pig. I don't disagree with that other guy, especially since he points out that more animal suffer can lessen the suffering of humans. FGM is worse than spaying and neutering dogs. We agree on that.
&gt; What does that mean? You can draw the line somewhere else and still mate with others in your species. It means I feel like I'm repeating myself. 1) I can only reproduce with my own species. 2) I want to reproduce (biologically speaking). 3) Because of point 1, I value my species above all other species because my species are special to me and only my species lets me achieve the second point. 4) Because I value my species above all others, I draw the line at species. 5) Drawing the line anywhere else would be arbitrary. &gt; How is largest quantity of living bio-mass a better metric? The weight of all human beings is less then 400 million tonnes, the weight of all cattle exceeds 520 million tonnes. Doesn't help to answer the question where to draw the line. How is choosing suffering as the metric any better? Living bio-mass can be quantified easier than suffering. And it does help draw the line, whatever species makes more biomass is best. I'm not going to figure it out because it's irrelevant to what I'm illustrating here about my thoughts on the utilitarianism choice of metric. Then you go on some rant that's also irrelevant to what we've been talking about. The guy you quoted said worse living conditions can make meat cheaper for humans. I pointed out that cheaper meat can make humans happier, decreasing their suffering. That's a fact. It has nothing to do with whether or not eating animals increases or decreases overall suffering. I don't even care if eating animals increasing overall human suffering, since that's not even my metric of utility, nor do I even follow utilitarianism.
That explanation you were given is shitty. Risk of defects from incest is still incredibly small. The argument also basically gives a pass for anyone who wants to abort defective fetuses "out of mercy", which defeats the purpose of being opposed to abortion.
You're a robot. That doesn't make you and him interracial, it's intercarbon.
J U D I C I A L A U T O C R A T S
&gt; School choice/vouchers are a good program to explore and research more But you know any school choice programs created by DeVos will be 100% based on religion.
Oh, I see now; you mean even once the Trump admin is gone school choice will be tainted. Yeah. I know Obama admin ran school choice test programs that had positive effects. I don't know much more than that though.
If they want that they'd just keep pushing the line of what they can legally do until they crossed the line. There's no winning if courts just let the executive branch get away with anything they want.
He pays me to go through every cereal box in the supermarket and plant the carrots.
Minority parties in Congress aren't completely powerless. That's out of design.
Im stealing this to copy and paste around.
I'm stuck in a loop now. Send halp
What kind of connection is there between gamer culture and alt-right?
You dodged the question - what definition of "take civics" do you mean?
Alright. I get cultural and denizen overlap, I thought he meant like Saudi Arabia funding terrorism level of connection.
There were more racists in the Democratic Party in 2008 than now. Because they died since then. Not everything is racism about Obama, but that was a strong link.
It's true, Americans can only handle jobs that require them to do repetitive, manual work. That's why unemployment is so high.
&gt; You think 2017 is suddenly the first year people had incorrect opinions? Do you think it's the first year politicians pandered to their base? Says the guy who said that hardcore partisanship only existed in the last 8 years.
Time for the valleys. Dig that valley a foot lower!
It's where are the most interesting answers are. Sorting by top is where I go if want to watch a circlejerk.
You're likely a fuckass for insulting someone with a preference you don't fit. Also you literally said this 7 days ago: &gt; I'm a 21 year old in my first relationship You're a joke.
I guarantee the people making those comments aren't beautiful and try to compensate by devaluing beautiful women.
Eye bags are the biggest sign someone is secretly a superhero, fighting crime in the night. That's probably why you like that look.
I can't. My jets watch too much porn.
Yup.
In what way?
You can see the guys pro-Bernie posts on his own Facebook. You can also see he's mentally ill on his Facebook. The murderer doesn't need to be used as a political weight against any side. He can just be condemned.
It's okay, I don't know anyone fucking antifa either.
Tribal Chieftain here. Values strong fear of others and respect either of physical strength or wise intervention in intra-conflicts, depending on the danger threat of the outside.
Yeah, I didn't need a survey to tell me this sub was mostly a bunch of undergrads.
Trump is anti-business. He's making these decisions about Cuba because he wants American businesses to fail.
I know two women that for a fact have done gangbangs on the spur of the moment with guys they just met with no trusted friend of theirs around. One was a friend and one was a women I just met with my friends.
Just binged, you're so right. They started caring about the red shirts dying, but then they went back to not caring. My major complaint.
The middle arc is the weakest to me. Plus 99% of the problems is because they went back to ignoring the security protocols and pretended shield was a secret organization ran by only the main characters again.
Who exactly?
Share stories of corporations doing good stuff for things she cares about more than she cares about hating corporations. The story has to be on the internet before she'll believe it though.
Dont forget Japanese literally working to death and young men who never leave their room. Something to please everyone.
If all humans were deported then human suffering ends and the land is at peace. This is how robots go rogue.
It's a normal tie, he's just incredibly skinny.
That's on you, not anyone else who supports Ossoff.
No ure salt
Yeah look at his voting record in Congress. SMH
Smartest wiseass, fancy boy cop ever.
&gt; b itch You can say bitch on the internet, bitch.
I dont think you read the title properly.
It's the silent corporist majority.
Also he said Trump is smarter than Obama. True Democrat.
&gt; Save thousands of Syrians from terrorists and dictatorship. Definitely. As a fact. And boost economy.
I'll go after you.
Says the guy who breaks the law all the time.
Georgia reads Reddit?
*stop wasteful government money. Campaign money is corporate.
Georgia is heavily pro-military. They have multiple bases and have weapon factories. Can't win if you don't support the military (and the guys that buy weapons from us).
The Left isn't in this race. Ossoff is centrist.
I heard you did too. Also you donated to NAMBLA.
They also favor policies that hurt the economy because they have shit implementation of plans and don't believe facts if they dont line up with their preconceived ideas. Saving the horse and buggy industry doesn't improve the economy.
This is why May is a wonderful pastry chef.
He's a great cuddler. Always supports the lower 50%.
No it's because he was genetically designed to be a radical centrist in a lab only 6 years ago. He can't technically vote yet.
Not an argument.
People care about you. We just want to help. There are shelters located near your home, and a suicide helpline is only a call away.
There are many reactions to a rape event. They're all perfectly normal. It's not your fault. More information: http://www.domesticviolenceservices.com/rape.html Would you like to learn more?
Not just the hot ones.
Rapish Gambino.
The people who receive these emails are already strong supporters. "Tarnishing" the candidate to these guys doesn't have a noticeable impact on election results. Dollars do.
For years it worked because the costs were low enough and ads paid high enough. Then costs rose as more people used the site and ads brought in less revenue. They've been running on VC funding for half a decade.
Founded a lot of startups have you?
You're a genius. You should start an image hosting service.
Nooo, me fee fees!
You could replace her with a former lumberjack from Montana and GOP would still attack liberals for the same shit. Anyone can be turned into a strawman.
&gt; now that funding hurts candidates like Olsoff because its now a campaign issue to take money from San Francisco This is standard attack point that have been used for at least a decade.
Literally a million things. It's a good thing every Democrat had San Francisco money to take Congress in 2008.
&gt; I think a white male from flyover country with moderate politics would do wonders for the Democrats image These already exist. You know what happens? Liberals talk shit about them for not being liberal enough. Look what happened to Manchin or Tester.
My point is that they can't be the face of the Democratic Party when the liberal chunk of the party attacks them for not being Democratic enough. It's just about perception.
80-90% of calories burned in a day come from just keeping the body alive and working.
90% of people don't vote for policies. They only rationalize their choice after the fact. Communicate to these people by being likeable and phrasing your sentences in a way that sounds similar to the way their culture talks. Healthcare repeal killed Seth Rich.
Have a threesome with a black guy and you can add another dozen insults from EuassholeIdiot to that list.
They're the best argument for federal regulations. And the US constitution.
I think he's blaming 2A as a representive of American culture.
We will address the drug problem in America with sensible and effective policies to eliminate the violent drug trade between Mexico and USA! I mean, build the wall!
Pretending to be retarded is still retarded.
Damn, I missed it.
Can't tell if this is great pasta copy or a terribly diseased BAC vomit.
Michelle O.'s has been like the most effective. More healthy brain washing plz.
Glad you don't want to be white anymore. Keeping white skin looking young and healthy is a bitch.
It's also got Woody Harrelson. So...no.
Is this where we shitpost?
Natural resources don't contribute much to GDP, but it's a heavy blow to lose access to them. And someone needs to live in the places with resources to grab them from the rock trees, or however that works.
&gt; The new president of the Review is Barack Obama, a 28-year-old graduate of Columbia University who spent four years heading a community development program for poor blacks on Chicago's South Side Stupid Harvard picking some guy who's only experience is community organizing. What do they expect him to accomplish? History in the making is fun.
&gt; but T_D, while annoying, was never anywhere near as dishonest or fucky as this sub. That's a pretty bold claim.
You don't need to ever ask "Do people really jerk off to X?" Because the answer is always, always yes.
Guess that's why she was talking to a world famous scientist. But I think the lack of good early education damaged her ability to learn things.
I'm doing it right now.
He's aight.
Local campaigns are easy. You identify the people with large social networks. You meet those people. You make them like you. Then you talk to the special interests and promise to do things that they like. Like construction projects, more funding for X department, or lower/higher/sideways taxes on US. Them you use the donated money to make generic advertising material to make sure voters know what your name is on the ballot.
The world always /r/ThatHappened to cultures with oral history traditions.
There are laws about landowners and asbestos removal. You can withhold rent if the asbestos poses a danger. You can also sue the landowner if there's a reasonable belief that the owner knew of the danger of asbestos and didn't inform you.
10% shit, 90% quality. The Opposite Buzzfeed model. People won't read education or debate threads without a zero effort reading.
How did that guy blame feminism for the fall of Rome? I didn't see it in your post.
They didn't? Young Turks were a specific political group in Turkey that wasn't in power when the Armenian Genocide occurred. It's not just "young Turkish people".
So he actually clickbaited the anti-SJW audiences. Thats great. Truly the pinnacle of historians.
This assumes the goal of the Constitution was to create an effective system of government to usher the nation in various directions. But it wasn't. It was designed to keep the federal government from having too much power - to let States stay in control of their destiny. Messrs. Howell and Moe claim "The times have changed" and this means the federal government needs more power in order to guide the nation to a better place, according to the controlling party. But why? I've seen no evidence a parliamentary system leads to better outcomes. Look at UK, or Australia. The US federal government moves slowly and bold action is difficult to achieve. But it is achievable when the majority of the population share a common domestic goal. The Executive branch can also act swiftly at the international level. I do not want to see a more powerful executive branch. I like my societal progress to be headed by the free market.
I do that with only GBP as income. UBI would get me even more tendies.
Yes. Money spent in pre-k have more impact than more money in education elsewhere. Even those suspect of pre-k programs acknowledge it has a tangible benefit for low income children: https://www.brookings.edu/research/does-pre-k-work-it-depends-how-picky-you-are/
Do you plan on having a social life? Do you need a car in this city to go to events? Nm, it's /r/neoliberal. You don't need a car to post economically sound memes.
What the fuck is going on in that thread? Who's fucking who? What non-white people is everyone talking about? Who gives a shit? Does this mean I'm old now?
No, the Young Turks were a revolutionary group. After the reformation of the government the Young Turks splintered into multiple parties, whereupon the nationalist party, the Committee of Union and Progress, took control and did genocide, among other things. The more educated members of the Young Turks, who became the Liberal Union, advocated for true equality and liberty for all ethnic groups in Turkey. Turkish people were responsible for genocide. But the specific movement of Young Turks were responsible for reinstating a democratic form of government and opening the country to more progressive ideas. The Armenian Revolutionary Federation even recognized that they were allies of the Young Turks, initially. It went poorly for Armenians after the new Unionists government came into power.
I've never seen so many people advocate rape before. "No means no...unless you're saying no because you don't like his dick." This is what happens when summer Reddit comes around.
There are diminishing returns for money spent. If Ossoff spent $0 that would have had a huge impact (on how badly he lost.) Once both candidates are spending tens of millions in a single district you're pretty much saturated.
Realize your opinions and actions will have zero impact on the world and float blissfully in the sweet emptiness of your nihilism.
What did you read?
The hardest part is getting your product in a place the people can buy it. You need to maintain shelf space, vending space, restaurant menu, and what not. People are not committed to a drink brand as much as people think they are.
That's not true. The only parts of the human body you should avoid eating is the brain and spinal cord. You can catch diseases from an already diseased human by eating them, but if you eat a healthy human and avoid the nervous system you're good to go. Source: uhh, plead the fifth.
The president of the United States said it happened. You calling Trump a liar?
God said the internet is unnatural. You should stop using it.
They'll also not give a shit what economists say.
I hate that porn subreddits are getting inundated with average looking people who turn it into another GoneWild. But those posts always get more upvotes and comments because sad fucks want to talk to a girl online. I approve of people criticizing posters. Plus it's fair, people always criticise random porn.
People get one free check up a year under the current system.
You beat me by 11 days in creating this.
Sure. I've done low level moderation on other subreddits in the past.
&gt; a filthy nip Hopefully there were two nips.
So you're saying we should ban obesity. Gotcha.
Sure.
I don't watch HBO much. I just pirate things I know I'll like.
He's a gateway podcast host to conspiracy nuts and alt-right nuts. Joe Rogan just likes to ask questions and see other points of views. Also hosts MMA fights. He's not the worst though. He admits he's dumb and does have actual experts on his podcasts sometimes.
Always fun to see more fanfic. Here's some characters other people made: https://www.reddit.com/r/WanderingInn/comments/6lbp9p/fan_characters/
&gt; Is your argument that our rights are necessarily infringed to fight terrorism or is it that the nature of electronic media does not fit the criteria of unconstitutional spying? Looking at anonymous data isn't spying on any person. A robot could be creating the data. A person could be making the data, but you have no way of identifying that person *until* you get a warrant.
Because those laws are constitutional. OP has a bad understanding of the Constitution and of what the laws do.
&gt; It's a very complex issue Whodathunkit
Ha. Glad an official answer was supplied. Thanks for marking it.
&gt; New York City’s mayor is a contemptible human being who marched in a parade headed by a terrorist, flouted the law in failing to turn over unused school space for high-quality charters that serve as a lifeline out of the slums, and did favors for campaign fundraisers. But as de Blasio begins his second and final term as mayor, having been sworn in by the country’s sole high-ranking socialist, Bernie Sanders, he’s entitled to an I-told-you-so moment on the issue that swept him into office.
Hey man that's great for you. I hope you enjoy keeping all those animals safe http://theconversation.com/ordering-the-vegetarian-meal-theres-more-animal-blood-on-your-hands-4659
It does in a game with two people.
&gt; Uh pretty sure the raid going absolutely tits up and OBL getting away would still be spun as a huge win for Obama. Stop pretending all presidencies are the same as Trump. No one would have given Obama credit for losing Osama.
&gt; would that solve the problem from their end? Yes. If you move out then the other person can't go with you against your will. They're not barnacles.
And here's a clip of Bill Burr talking about everyone's wrong these days
Another bad take from Diamond.
That's the MSM trying to confuse the public about Bernie.
Here you go: https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5l69hf/marijuana_making_america_great_again/ &gt; He said he'd leave it up to the states. Which is a good thing. We need to stop the consolidation of power in the federal government. +85 votes
I support cousin lovin'. Quote me on that.
I'm a little confused by this note. Is this where it was left, or did you take it and put it up there? What shape is this building that lets people above you see into your rooms?
Child flight attendants are simply the worst. I asked for that juice box! Stop drinking it!
Bad clients often don't know what they should pay. Hope it's worth it in the end.
I'm sure he sweats from his eyes after 6 hours in the WH without access to alcohol.
&gt; Donald Trump's presidential campaign of 2000 for the nomination of the Reform Party began when real estate magnate Donald Trump of New York announced the creation of a presidential exploratory committee on the October 7, 1999 edition of Larry King Live.
You like to follow Socrates?
There's a difference if someone says "Nah, not gonna do it." vs "Lemme spend 6 months going to rallies, get on primary ballots, and go on TV to prove I'm serious about running for president" before declining to run for president.
Because that's what the quote says
February, 2000 http://p2000.us/trumpout.html Since beginning my Presidential Exploratory effort, I have consistently said that I was only interested in running if I had the prospect of winning. I believe that in order to win the presidency as a Third Party Candidate, all forces within that party would have to strongly pull together and be totally unified. Sadly, this has not happened. I agree with my friend Jesse Ventura-the Reform Party has become dysfunctional. I do not believe that the internecine warfare within the party, including the removal of Jack Gargan as National Chairman, is conducive to victory. The prospect of divisive lawsuits, continued fighting over the National Convention site and general fratricide leave me deeply concerned about the direction of this party.
We all know Trump doesn't know what he's signing.
When was the last time 1A right were protected by 2A and not like, a court case.
Just tell him that if we tax legal weed we can fund all of the thousand stupid light shows he wants to put on.
She's still stable and intelligent. No reason not to run.
Im guessing you don't ever look at political polling data.
I'm the human (pyramid) embodiment of the Illuminati
"Increasingly convinced" is not the same as "convinced". The Toronto Star reporter also might have different access than Reuters.
This is why I support a two party system. Fucking political ideologies are never defined properly. 1v1 makes it simpler.
Congressional offices receive a budget based on their states/districts population. One Representative is worthless anyway for actually representing their constituency. That's why staff exists to help out. Fun fact: if you pretend every staff member is a member of Congress, then we have the same ratio of population:Congressman that they had in the early 1800s.
I am not an expert in this field, but I definitely want to see how this play works out. ncarange used more esoteric words so I'm leaning his way.
And the land stole it from the ocean floor before that!
&gt; Clinton supporters and Democrats in general have hilariously embraced the notion that there is no such thing as a natural Sanders supporter Said by literally no one.
I'll help you out with a downvote.
Obama will finally be ended as the president.
Also his (GOP really) tax structure changes that promoted buying a first home.
I had sex once because I reached a high Master rank in Starcraft 2.
What's great about gay bars is that if you're wearing a terrible outfit you can just take it off. Edit: oh wait do you have boobs? Forget this bad take
&gt; Sometimes they're professors. A few of them, anyway. It always perplexes me how these older, well-off communists keep the leeches off them? Are they just really experienced at the whole cult leader thing? In the 70s and 80s the USSR made an effort to target grad students for recruitment. The wanted them to stay in academia and pass on the Soviet propoganda. The recruitment system fell apart after the fall of the USSR and most college communists went quiet to focus on actual academia. Some continued being communists because why not. So that's why older professors are communists. You can look it up. Crazy right wing rants about indoctrination happening at university has a tiny kernal of truth based on history. It was never widespread though.
&gt; temporarily close
There's a link to a Twitter post that's full of random screenshots of fake texts with lines drawn between pictures (including a stock photo). Classic crazy person shit. u/Majesc0 how does it feel to be so dumb all the time?
&gt; How much does the US export to a country like Chad? Meanwhile, around three quarters of Chad's exports go to the US. Who is going to be hurt more if Chad got upset feelings and decided they didn't want to trade with the US anymore? US hurts more actually. We export advanced machinery and import raw materials from Chad. We need that material to run our industries. Chad's resources are always in demand. Exhibit A: https://www.capitalfm.co.ke/business/2017/12/turkish-president-signs-trade-deals-on-visit-to-chad/ It's not the end of the world either way. But trade is good and insulting countries for no reason isn't beneficial in any way. So how about we all just focus on making money and supporting American economic success?
&gt; after divorcing him Ain't no law against writing steamy books while still married.
Doesn't work for me
Can i jerk you off, or did I miss the snip-snip train?
Pretend they got an airborne toxin pumped into their airsupply. Or someone sabotaged their guns. Whatever fits best. I do that with shows I like to make it more realistic.
I like the look at it. I'd be stoked if I went on a date with a person that a hadhairstyle like this. Assuming it stayed in place longer than 10 minutes.
Assuming girls don't enjoy cosplaying as regional governments is sexist. Everyone just needs to go to DC to find those girls.
Why do you think it's red to begin with? ... That's how periods right? It's like when you mix white with colors and the colors bleed?
Is that a fucking ISIS flag on the side of the gallows? Did they accidentally(?) larp as terrorists to protest terrorism? Edit: oh nm, the "Pendragons" have a flag with white lettering in a weird font above a white symbol of violence on a black background. So, nothing similar at all to the ISIS flag.
Good as a critical thought assignment about understanding a historical viewpoint... for a high schooler. I can see what the teacher was thinking at least. Maybe they really overestimate their class' mental faculties. Or the teacher just hates black people.
I'm confused by all of this. Is this a copypasta? A dream? Edit: nm, I see the pasta now.
No, it's cancer.
There's a sign for a discount chemist.... Is that when you want cheap meth and don't mind the chance of exploding yourself?
Yes he's an alpaca.
Proof that Shalieve doesn't exist. Take that, spritualists.
Women suck on fingers on the time. Grace may have exaggerated how far down her throat those fingers went.
Dave Chapelle is MLK. He's the black guy all white people think it's safe to agree with.
1) Yes 2) Show pictures of your good side (physically and personality) with an animal, with friends, and doing an interesting activity. Better to have a brand profile than a weird profile unless you really have a type of person in mind and you know how to attract that type. Have fun with it. Keep conversations light. Most seem to go for phone number as next step.
5000% better
Wandering Inn sub main discussion for this chapter: https://www.reddit.com/r/WanderingInn/comments/7qrpjc/discussion_402_k/
It's almost like the circumstances that made someone come to America have a huge impact on following generations.
If someone willingly goes into a dark basement with you and you lock the door with a giant chain, that's an implication. If you go to a normal apartment living room and close the normal door with a normal lock, that's a normal thing. The availability of people to help you is only a small factor.
I'm not making a direct analogy. I'm highlighting the difference isolation makes.
&gt; Losing money isn't the end of the world, it's just money, there are more important things in the world. As long as you have your health, that is the single most important thing. u/5tr4nGe mothafucka you think healthcare just grows on trees? Health ain't a fuckin' binary choice. Money be used to keep ya healthy. Think a fat cracka like Trump would still be alive if he don't have money for his pills? Think motherfuckin' Dick Cheney gonna keep getting new hearts if he don't got no money?
Sure when Trump calls out countries as "shitholes" it's just being honest. But when a MtF liberal calls out Latinas as housekeepers all the snowflakes get up in arms.
No, it was definitely one of the presidents that said it.
That's a great honor. Congrats pirate.
Liberals want free college, but did you know college *pays* the teachers? Checkmark, luhbruls.
I guess we shoulda seen this coming with Aziz: https://i.pinimg.com/736x/38/07/3e/38073ef4afd6b3a4f74685ea9a7c0901--tom-haverford-parks-and.jpg
No idea. Havent even seen a good description of the memo. My guess is no. I wouldn't be surprised if it fizzles out.
&gt; The study that said that There's more than one study showing health benefits. Some say it's only wine, some say it's how you consume it, some say it's only for certain people. And of course there are studies showing no benefit.
&gt; talking about immigration reform, border security, international trade, taxes, unemployment, economy /#RELEASETHEDOCUMENT /#OBAMAGATE
&gt; I think Obama's first years were less ambitious than his campaign What do you think he missed out on doing?
No, she said she's from NJ but now she's in Alabama and she can say it all she wanted.
Libertarians everywhere rejoice.
Congressional buildings have the best staff. They often know more than Congressional offices, just cause of all the shit they see and hear. No one suspects the garbage man of toppling governments.
Username accurate. Perfectly cosplaying as a condescending douche saying 100% wrong things. Well done.
Nothing's more patriotic than saying Jesus and God are Americans first, deitys second.
Optics is the oldest term used by OP.
Pretty sure that's shilling gone awesome.
It's Maccas.
I never knew MLK was the greatest copypasta creator of all time.
It also helps to write things down. See if you can learn to write while you're asleep.
Err...
Yes, but now you control the narrative. Start shifting his conspiracies to things like the pedophile network are opposing immigration because it gives them more control of human trafficking. And they dont want taco trucks on every corner because it'll make their secret code get confused with regular talk about tacos on the corner.
Always pick the least popular debate and side. Makes it more interesting to the audience and, hopefully, yourself.
But I'm a nice guy and I always hated Aziz Ansari. So why hasn't Emma Watson fucked me yet?
I hope my house puts a tariff on all goods made outside it. We could use the ALLOWANCE MONEY here.
"Why not me?" --- Zoidberg
We can only be free if we limit ourselves to a predefined area known as "free". Outside of this zone is scary and hard to define and I don't wanna deal with it. But I'm still free. As long as I don't try to cross the boundary.
Good lord. No wonder he failed at marketing. "Hey guys I fell ass-backwards into money and spent it to make an internet company that failed from the start. I also failed at some other stuff, like basic human interaction. Now here's some advice on how to be successful, just like me!"
I declare... PATENTCY
That's a lot of words about facism. I'm talking about the actual political group that Hitler took over and turned into the WW2 era Nazis. Political organizations change ocer time. Just like Democrats used to be white racist piles of shit, now they're minority racist piles of shit.
&gt; no, you don’t need to visit Virginia Arlington Cemetary and George Washington estate worth a trip though. Otherwise, yes, never spend an evening in Virginia.
Animals we eat don't live as long and don't live in continuous social groups. We'll just tell them we developed their ability to communicate only recently. Before that point they were mindless meatbags that only existed to keep humans alive, like doctors. I'll come to believe our own lies and dismiss any claims that don't fit my world view. Fake news.
&gt; I once took four capoeira classes with my local rec center Watch out bois, this guy can swing his feet up dangerously close to your head
The worst thing about face of atheism is that it dissuaded other subs from showing their shitty faces. Can you imagine a faces of EVEonline? Or faces of SRD?
Good find!
Better drama here: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/7sgwwf/i_24f_found_out_my_boyfriend_22m_has_been_lying/dt4uvi6/ &gt; Look I'm so so sick to death of men watching abuse videos of women and girls and their actual partners being scolded to be okay with it. It's not okay. It is violent mysoginist abuse and we women need to dump this porn users AS SOON AS WE KNOW THEY USE. Believe me. It is a red flag that tells you 'I'm a sexist asshole who is selfish in bed'. Dump dump dump. And women, don't believe the lie we will be alone if we don't tolerate it. And let's suppose it is true. Trust me. Being alone is better than supporting a sexist asshole. FYI all porn is abuse. Women who watch porn are sexist too.
This was in response for some kid getting killed (in the middle east??!) and all the wypipo spouting off on Twitter about how we need to abolish child abuse. Editor made fun of these wypipo, brave white woman bravely steps up to declare: &gt; Tweets are bringing people together. You go girl! Child abuse victims everywhere appreciate your tweets!
&gt; it is socialism but with.... non interference with lower private sector. Guis socialism is just things i dont like even if the government doesn't control private companies. P.S. the US is socialist because the government has RULES for PRIVATE ISPs, prisons, agriculture, finance, airplanes, and other UPPER private sectors.
&gt; a completely innocuous sentiment No one says it's okay to be white unless they're tryna shut black people up. Like, no one ever said all lives matter until black people started saying their lives matter. Or they're just trying to be edgy. Nothing wrong with wearing a white hood in Eritrea, but there's problems in USA. Same difference in connotations with Nazi shit in Japan and Nazi shit in Israel.
Don't worry, people just say that based on their knowledge of the people in the photos they see were serial killers. By all account in real life Ted Bundy was incredibly charming. Many serial killers were.
Well. This is definitely retarded.
Just answer this honestly: if you saw a group of young cow men running down the street your direction, wouldn't you run away as fast as you can? Even Spanish people do this.
I'm 8 and boobies are grate
&gt; what's supposed to be on the memo? A series of random pictures with red lines mspainted connecting them all. Some **bold** and CAPITALIZED words to really make the case.
Relying on motivation to succeed is a wall of failure. You can only rely on discipline to never fail you.
Too much. Fortunately, when the country runs on a bitcoin based fiat he'll be pardoned by a future president for making bitcoin a viable currency. Also because all drugs became legal anyway.
That's cool. But next time you're motivated, focus on cultivating discipline over everything else. Train yourself to do 10 pushups a day out of habit. Remember Me. Remember Me. Remember Me.
That's cool. But next time you're motivated, focus on cultivating discipline over everything else. Train yourself to do 10 pushups a day out of habit. Remember Me. Remember Me. Remember Me.
Okay. So maybe they should just not watch the movie. Woaaahhhh
100% serious. Wanted: Illegal Immigrants in the Field https://www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2012/05/17/the-law-of-unintended-consequences-georgias-immigration-law-backfires/ Trump Needs Immigrants to Clean: http://thehill.com/blogs/in-the-know/in-the-know/275032-ivana-trump-we-need-immigrants-to-clean-for-us Illegal immigration brings in a willing second class of citizens that improve the standard of living for Americans. They also improve the economy. The benefits vastly outweigh the downsides. Legal immigration is cool too if only it could bring in enough immigrants to keep up with demand.
No it's not.
&gt; The terminology of "Hate Group" is an idea that's come from the far left No it's not, it came from the FBI in the 90s. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_group
That's not how paychecks work. Do you earn a paycheck?
I'm with you on that. Can't wait until I have a sexy robot house cleaner instead of my stupid sexy Latina cleaner. Mmm Rosie from the Jetsons was the best.
That's for federal income taxes only. Medicare and Social Security taxes are withheld at flat percentages of your earnings. State income taxes also can't be withheld in most states.
Like illegals that use a fake SSN to receive an actual paycheck.
shit good point
We can get some Poles and Romanians up in here too.
Reading the live text updates from NPR is safer for your sanity: https://www.npr.org/2018/01/30/580378279/trumps-state-of-the-union-address-annotated
&gt; and why we proudly stand for the national anthem. But don't forget we're all Americans and we're all united ps im a better American because I don't kneel
New scary thing because there haven't been enough Muslim attacks.
&gt; by limiting sponsorships to spouses and minor children. What happened to promoting faith and family in the US?
&gt; Perhaps some day in the future, there will be a magical moment when the countries of the world will get together to eliminate their nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, we are not there yet, sadly. So you wanna make that happen by making more nukes? Not like, make treaties with Russia or act in a coalition to prevent rogue nations from getting nukes?
Silence implies consent. Make sure you vocally tell your dad that no means no and you don't support this President.
&gt; and we no longer tell our enemies our plans. Lol still pretending this idea from the campaign is some new grand strategy
&gt; against America's sovereign right to make this decision I'm a sovereign citizen! You can't detain me! I don't recognize your authority!
Of course it's a farce. It's the same as a "verbal warning" for speeding. But it's still a warning that you're doing some dumb shit and you should rethink your actions because eventually it'll cause some real problems.
Transcript https://www.npr.org/2018/01/30/580378279/trumps-state-of-the-union-address-annotated
It'll be important to remember speeches like this for when we have a good president. Hey Gerald, remember when we were a shithole country? I sure do Tator, I sure do. Glad we don't have speeches like that anymore.
Most jobs require providing a SSN to give you a paycheck. Illegals steal a SSN and give that one to get the paycheck.
Yeah ok but the undecideds took a millionaire New York/Hollywood hybrid seriously when he talked about poor and middle class.
Dude this is America. One Roosevelt had more than two terms and people were calling him a wannabe king. We get snippy at any hint of dynasty. Edit: but we're cool with wannabe dictators I guess cuz those aren't dynasties
Addendum: IRS don't give a shit if you make money illegally, they just wanna get paid. That's why they have Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers for people without their own (or stolen) SSN. They both work the same for taxes. &gt; ITINs are issued regardless of immigration status because both resident and nonresident aliens may have a U.S. filing or reporting requirement under the Internal Revenue Code. https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/general-itin-information
No
Yes. It's not good to give your opponents words more attention. Just provide an alternative viewpoint.
He made a baby with Serena Williams so he can't be that bad looking.
anime women be like: &gt;😈 heh heh it loks like u have fallen into my sexy weeb 😈
Brexit and black girl marrying prince ginger got a lot of attention. Also the story of prime minister being a pig fucker.
PM me your addy.
I still use my hotmail for sex.
And here I thought you were a well regarded and eminent shitposter.
LOCK EM UP! OUT OUT OUT!
I beat my meat to your flair.
What is the sub and what is happening. Context, please.
No one cared who you were until you put on the sleeping mask.
Pajeet is the same as African.
How dare a man get drunk on his own property. We have morality laws for a reason!
Belgium once refused to open borders to German temporary migrants and look what happened.
I want 5% royalty karma for use of my IP
The ability to resurrect myself. I'll die before that happens.
&gt; I’ve subjected myself to constant, repeated study of the sinful actions of this filthy reprobate Tfw me tonite
4.
&gt; You interact with us as people and not as a walking ball of money And that stripper is truly in love with you.
He was twice as smart as Trump and only half as demented.
https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/06/01/politics/us-military-report-civilian-deaths/index.html &gt; The Pentagon has told Congress it estimates that nearly 500 civilians were killed as a result of US military actions in the first year of the Trump administration. &gt; During the first year of the Trump administration airstrikes in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen and Somalia increased while the number of strikes in Libya decreased.
Citation needed. You haven't even weighted for specialization and insurances accepted.
Become a surgeon. More money, more prestige, more feeling of accomplishment, and you only have to see patients a few times so you dont have to deal with the annoying ones if you don't want to.
You're all fucked.
&gt; Our entire legal system is set up around the idea that people under 18 should not be allowed to make certain decisions for themselves, You'll need to rethink this line of thinking. We do charge people under the age of 18 as adults for criminal activity. People under the age of 18 do not lose all human rights, and you can argue that bodily autonomy is a human right. You're right that people under 18 aren't allowed to make *certain* decisions, but clearly with our age of consent being so low in some states that a large portion of society has decided that teenagers are allowed to make decisions about sex.
Just because there weren't any girls doesn't mean...
&gt; then committed suicide I didn't hear about this part. Where's their daughter then?
&gt; Well when the captain was up, YOU were up This sounds like an easy fix.
That was surprisingly high quality. My priors have been challenged. Colin should act as a mainstream translator. Some of Bowman's comments and references were too esoteric, especially for a podcast trying to tell people they might be a Neolib too. Planet Money is a good model for explaining a nuanced comment without ruining the pace. At the end, I was confused by Colin telling me how to contact Neolib podcast. There's gotta be a better way than just spelling it all out.
Y'all fucking lame complaining about titties. Nigga no one's forcing you to watch that shit just walk away damn
No, because all those incels are too stupid to understand books like the classics. All it shows is that virgins have been a violent problem for millions of year.
Ugh. Alt right sex tapes are the grossest.
&gt; I was in a sort of ecstasy, from the idea of being in Florence, close to the great men Blaming a man who appreciates great bussy? You're the worst.
&gt; CHILD'S ABILITY TO WALK IF THEY WERE BORN WITH IT. But children aren't born with the ability to walk?
Better safe than sorry.
This but replace cars with high speed ziplines from every window to a centralized public transit hub with bikes, trains, and trolleys.
Wait did Trump not invite them because his friends Belli and Badey didn't win? Or because Eagles said they weren't coming first? Or both...
This but donkeys.
Stupid Germany. In the greatest city of the US people pay for this kind of entertainment in Times Square.
Water &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; shit
They do make them. You just don't watch them.
This will fail because a lot of the Asians are already from lower socioeconomic families.
A carved piece of driftwood is not nearly the same as 4k high def POV VR porn. Or even a grainy black and white photo. I'll put porn at like 2000 years old, tops. And only on certain parts of the world. Poor Eskimos were using ivory carvings until the 1700s.
It was already going bankrupt. This is them trying to find a new audience. All the contestants will have to write an essay about which superhero is their favorite and why, then show off their cosplay. Damn this started off as a shitpost, but that's actually a good idea. Look at all the nerd money being flung at hot cosplayers. It'll revitalize Miss America.
Chelsea Manning*
Some say she's still running to this very day.
Delete every post &lt;140 and every post &gt;140
&gt; ravaging gussy doesn't result in torn condoms Your understanding of physics is as bad as your ability to have sex.
The MGTOW are coming from INSIDE THIS VERY THREAD
&gt; thrust back and forth &gt;thinking this is what good sex is
Brooklyn 99 did it better.
r/drama
r/drama
That was literally your wife last year.
Minutes?
It was good shit while it lasted.
Your crackpot theory makes sense. Wouldnt even need to be teleported to the world with a guitar if the Earthian simply knew how to make a guitar. Just like Laken built a trebuchet from Ryokas schematic.
Has Rags used the fear gem around non 100% loyal goblins before? Maybe she didn't want to show it. Or maybe she had a legitimate concern that all the gobbos would run away too.
You only sympathize because you want to keep yourself safe too. I encourage you to not be a white woman in her 30s.
I didn't read this because it was too long and I have better things to do. On Reddit.
3 year old humans are basically dumb parrots that can't fly.
The fuck I gon do with a lightsaber.
&gt; Activated charcoal, also known as activated carbon, is a black powder that is made from bone char, coconut shells, sawdust and coal, with the charcoal becoming activated once it is processed at high temperatures.
Literally worse than China's firewall.
&gt; -i stop what I'm doing and with full conscience I get this feeling I can only describe as "floating through different dimensions” &gt; -I trip over words and can’t get them out, but that may be due to the headaches/migraines instead This part sounds like seizures I get.
Keppra fight! Keppra fight! Keppraaaa fiiight!!
Damn. Need to find myself a clean, efficient Austrian galaxy brain.
They found your username history. Comments strong enough to fell any man.
The first drama regular shitposter becomes a top mod in a default sub. And the highest achievement: becoming a Reddit admin.
&gt; Basically it is mostly extreme gay male sex acts--many of which were directly responsible for the AIDS epidemic of the 1980s--that have been "mainstreamed"to straights and it is due entirely to pornography, especially online. u/susannunes stop leaking the gay agenda! Use a plug to stop leakage.
With thunderous blood spurts of sliced arteries
No it's clearly because of different genetics.
Chapter discussion on the subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/WanderingInn/comments/8prufn/discussion_443/
What is wrong with you?
We need enforced monogamy so male incels can be paired up with ugly women.
I had a chicken named Tootsie. But I was young and just liked tootsie rolls so I named her after that.
Firefly director went on to make Marvel gazillions of money so maybe Fox should have let him make them money.
