Yes, I've had an extremely rough time playing WoW, primarily between TBC and now. My problem isn't even pug groups because eventually you hit a point even as a new tank where your competency will outshine any flaws. WoW's normal and heroic dungeons only require a minimal amount of gear and competency in playing your class and role, nothing more. My problem is actually my experience with guilds and players on the realms I used to play on (i.e. Turalyon-EU, Emerald Dream-EU and Bladefist-EU.) And I don't agree with the notion that it's common courtesy to study boss tactics, because there are lots of players who can't be bothered to do it, and because a lot of bosses have very straightforward, blindingly obvious tactics. In Final Fantasy XIV, the groups are overwhelmingly friendly and will happily explain boss tactics. The big incentive is [Player Commendations and the title and vanity item rewards they provide.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Player_Commendation) I'd even consider FFXIV to be more difficult than WoW in terms of its raid content. In Wildstar, the groups are somewhere between friendly and douchebags. Some will happily explain boss tactics, others will flame at you for not knowing boss tactics. That's generally because Wildstar is more of a hardcore game with a smaller community than most other MMOs, and because attacks are very clearly telegraphed unlike other MMOs. When Wildstar goes F2P later this year, I imagine this'll be a different story entirely. In RIFT... well RIFT is toxic-as-fuck, but I think that's because it's a free to play game modelled to be exactly like WoW. There's also the fact that there were several dungeons in Storm Legion (such as Golem Foundry and Storm Breaker Protocol) which were either overtuned to the point where you needed a SL Tier 1 geared tank and healer to survive or were badly designed and required you to skip half the mobs in the instance through unexplained terrain exploits to survive.
/u/psione
Is it because you're not a fan of Nicolas Cage?
They have since downgraded their only 40-man raid into a 20-man raid. Also, a very, very, very, *very* small minority of the community got to experience Datascape since you have to progress through Genetic Archives first.
I agree. That statement is fucking disgusting.
Remember when Sylvanas was able to raise the dead under her control using the Val'kyr?
Here's a good question, why do Danny and Egoraptor act like such massive tryhards on camera?
So what else is new?
If you don't mind me asking, how can the last four digits of a credit card be deciphered?
I wonder what would happen if the Bronze leaguer beat Naniwa. Would he have instantly gone to Diamond?
I'm skeptical about this entire article. Why? 1. Sepp Blatter would be absolutely stupid to even stay within Switzerland, let alone attempt to salvage what little power he has left in FIFA. I'm sure he's already in a country that won't extradite him to the United States on corruption charges should the FBI decide to pursue him. And believe me, there's quite a few of them, some of which I'm sure will happily welcome him. 2. Despite the negative publicity FIFA's sponsors are getting over human rights violations in Qatar, I'm sure it won't hamper their sales. Remember the Nestlé boycott and how effective that was? People aren't suddenly going to demand to switch over to Mastercard or American Express as a protest towards Visa, nor are they going to boycott any of the other sponsors either. Everyone will still watch the World Cup and buy the hefty amounts of merchandise FIFA makes a mint off of. 3. For FIFA to drop Qatar as a host nation would be *very* costly. Given the unfulfilled contracts and the amount of money Qatar has already invested in building infrastructure for the World Cup, a colossal lawsuit would await FIFA should Qatar be stripped of the World Cup. What I think will happen is that Sepp Blatter will evade any attempts to arrest him and Qatar will be allowed to keep the World Cup by whoever is elected after him, on the condition that workers' rights are significantly improved. Meanwhile FIFA goes through a massive 'reform' and in five years time is just as corrupt as ever.
&gt; Dedga.me I chuckled when it led me to the StarCraft II page.
Would be funny if loads of MPs resign and we see a Labour or UKIP power shift.
&gt; 9/10 "It's okay" Fixed
Yeah, the presenter of Game Theory is suffering from an overwhelming case of smug, to the point where watching episodes fill me with rage.
To access Hidden Palace Zone, you [fall down what was previously a spike-filled pit near the end of Mystic Cave Zone Act II. The spikes have been removed and falling down will transport you to Hidden Palace Zone.](/spoiler)
It's like Pokémon, with STDs.
So by 'state-sanctioned', does that mean they have to produce propaganda songs?
It's a shame, really, because the Sonic x Zelda DLC made Sonic: Lost World the worst Zelda game since Wand of Gamelon. Whereas Sonic in Hyrule Warriors will produce the best Sonic game since Sonic 3 &amp; Knuckles.
Very few international companies have wished to become a title sponsor of GSL after the game declined in 2012. Hell, we even had Hot6ix, an energy drink company *exclusive to South Korea* act as a title sponsor for GSL for quite a few seasons. While it might have made a few ~~weeaboos (is there a Korean-obsessed equivalent of this word?)~~ koreaboos want to try Hot6ix, it hasn't really impacted their sales outside of Korea, because 1) Hot6ix isn't sold outside of Korea and 2) The SC2 scene represents a very, very small minority of potential non-KR consumers.
Did I say anything critical of women's rights?
"Mmm yeah Asmongold, shall I fondle your balls as well?"
&gt; don't be a cunt? ok, don't teach and learn to google without being an illegal employee from a first world country in a developing nation. Maybe you should learn to read the fucking subreddit rules.
Blizzard should have hired Greg Fields as their designer, not Dustin Browder or David Kim.
When Violentacrez had his real-life identity outed by Adrian Chen (which then resulted in him being harassed, nationally shamed on multiple news networks, and losing his job) a significant number of major subreddits initiated a boycott of all Gawker Media domains as a protest. I even recall a very brief admin-wide decision to block Gawker Media domains, which was short lived because [the press decided to spin the whole story to make the Reddit community look worse and portray them as 'protecting child porngraphy'.](http://www.thewire.com/technology/2012/10/redditors-stand-gawker-protect-child-pornography/57850/)
&gt; We absolutely do. I think many people severely underestimate how much content we read. We always appreciate when people put in the time and effort to write out detailed thoughts or opinions. &gt; While this is a new blog, we've seen many of these points brought up before and have discussed them with development. We know these requests are important to the community and we're always looking to make sure that hot topics such as these are given the appropriate amount of attention internally. &gt; With development ongoing for ~~Legacy of the Void~~ Funorb, there are still a lot of discussions taking place. As such, we may not be able to jump into topics with definitive answers on feature requests, but we still want to let you know that the request is heard and will be discussed.
In my opinion, they should rework Snipe into an ability very similar to Nova's Heroic ability in Heroes.
Neverwinter is an ORPG and lacks massively multiplayer elements except in the capital cities. Almost all of the game is instanced much like Guild Wars. Marvel Heroes is an ARPG. I mean we don't class Diablo III as an MMO do we?
And face a bigger backlash than December 10th 2007? Not the greatest of ideas...
^[citation_needed]
Private Kim Yong-Ho rushed into General Lee Song-Ra's office in a hurry. "Sir, I'm back from my reconnaissance assignment. You *have* to see this" he exclaimed. "This had better be important!" the general shouted, offended that his subordinate had broken military protocol and stormed straight into his private quarters. "Believe me, I've stumbled upon the discovery of the century." He placed the laptop - a top-of-the-range custom-built Samsung notebook issued by the South Korean armed forces - on top of the general's desk and folded the device out. He booted up a 3D map, running on bespoke military software. Surveying the map briefly, General Lee seemed unimpressed. "This is what you barged into my office for? A simulation of North Korea?" "Yes, this is North Korea, or at least what we see of it", replied Private Kim, panning the camera downwards until it ended up clipping through the terrain of South Pyongan, situated north of Pyongyang. "But look below the surface and you will find something mind-boggling!" General Lee gasped. "A massive bunker network? Inside North Korea?" "That's what they want you to think" explained Private Kim, as he moved the camera deeper into the underground network. "This isn't a bunker at all. This is an underground metropolis, and a very well-decorated one at that." "You see those floors?" he asked, pointing towards the floors of the long, twisting corridors of the Korean Metropolis. "Those are paved with marble." "And if you went towards the centre of this huge metropolis" Private Kim elaborated, panning the camera several dozen miles north-east into South Hamgyong, "then you will find their source of power. Geothermal energy. The cause of all these earthquakes. That means it's not nuclear tests they were runni..." The general stopped his subordinate and picked up the laptop. "That will do. What you found today, Mr Yong-Ho, will change our understanding of our neighbours for decades to come. Good work" The general then paused as he was about to step out of the office. "Can you do me a single favour though?" "Yes, sir!" General Lee pulled out a revolver, and in a single motion of his right arm, shot Private Kim in the forehead. The bullet wound killed the Private instantly, and dropped his lifeless corpse to the floor. "Don't speak about this to anyone!"
[I CAN'T WAIT TO BOMB SOME DODONGOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj8_7OFK0oc)
My prediction is this. Automated technology is either in development or already in existence, albeit in an expensive capacity. I predict these technologies will become cheap to implement and widely available to businesses and consumers within the next ten to twenty years - depending on regulations. As a result, certain industries (such as manufacturing and transportation) will downsize considerably, replacing the vast majority of their employees with machines. Three such technologies that I think will symbolise the Automatic Age are the 3D printer, the self-driving car, and self-learning robots and I honestly believe these three alone will outperform humans to the point where jobs will disappear in droves. Due to the knock-on effect this will have, I foresee a worldwide job crisis with many careers disappearing and governments having to pick up the pieces with welfare budgets that have already been cut and stretched to their absolute limits thanks to the current trend towards austerity. With hundreds of millions losing their jobs and our 'will-work-for-food' mentality, this can only lead to one thing. Revolts. When revolts come into play - and the possibility of a global chemical, biological or even nuclear class war breaking out, depending on the corporate and political response towards said revolts - the results are going to be disastrous. Is there anyone that has done any thorough research into the possible effects that automation will have on the global economy? If not, is there room for that, because I might want to look into this field.
I think it's very plausible, considering the fact that Earthbound Beginnings just came out of the fucking blue.
Well we got a Mother announcement from Nintendo earlier. Anything's possible.
To make such a big teaser and hyping up several announcements, while playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger must mean something... My guess is at least one of the three announcements: * A next-gen remake of Chrono Trigger for PS4 and Xbox One with a graphical style very similar to Dragon Quest VIII. * A Chrono Trigger anime produced by Akira Toriyama and Toei Animation * A next-gen remake of a Final Fantasy game. Most likely VII or IX.
As hugely significant as a Final Fantasy VII HD remake is and as much as Sony and Square-Enix have already won E3 with this one announcement, this is probably not everything Square Enix have planned. Yesterday, they made a load of big teasers in a [E3 2015 hype trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrSH2wKh6ys) whilst playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger. I'm predicting a Chrono Trigger related announcement (either the long-rumoured Chrono Break, or remakes of either Chrono Trigger or Chrono Cross) that, if Square-Enix deliver upon, will make the show floor implode with such brute force that it opens a black hole, swallowing up the Anaheim Convention Centre. I'm also predicting a PS4/XB1 announcement and release of Kingdom Hearts 1.5 and 2.5 HD ReMIX and a release date for Kingdom Hearts III.
&gt; Developer: Robomodo [It's gonna be shit.](/spoiler) No seriously, have Robomodo ever made a *good* game? If Activision had any sense, they'd put Neversoft on this shit.
I've seen Avilo play bio before on stream. He doesn't even micro his units.
I'd argue that FFIX and FFX beat that goal. You could even count the original Kingdom Hearts in that list.
I would. I love Halo but going from Microsoft to Sony in this generation has hampered my ability to enjoy the games from Reach onwards.
You know, controllers cost less than most mechanical keyboards these days. You could buy an Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller for your PC for less than a Steelseries 7G or Razer Blackwidow.
It was due to a trademark infringement, which was resolved by the time Dinosaur Planet was released, which is why Lylat Wars was rereleased as Star Fox 64 3D
Microsoft could have just gone the Riot Games route and sank a metric fucktonne of cash into their own esports league.
Amiibo is the worst idea ever and it saddens me that they represent Nintendo's future plans and are selling so well. It's a testament to how Nintendo take ideas from companies advertising kids toys. I mean the Wii U looks like something designed by VTech and the Amiibo are clearly a knockoff of Skylanders and Disney Infinity toys.
The graphics don't seem to reflect that...
The Bard would be the greatest thing to ever happen to WoW, actually. A new, unique, playable class that doesn't operate on the same, homogenized, boring abilities but rather plays like an in-WoW version of Guitar Hero? Yes please. And by boring abilities, think about the fact that almost every single class has the following: 1. Standard, dull, 100% damage cookie cutter ability that you spam when you have nothing else to press. Usually gives secondary resources. (i.e. Crusader Strike, Incincerate, Shadowbolt, Frostbolt, Fireball, Judgement, Steady Shot, etc.) Sometimes comes in multi-target variant (i.e. Hammer of the Righteous). 2. Hard-hitting, boring-as-fuck, 250 - 300% damage ability that consumes secondary resources (i.e. Soul Fire, Templar's Verdict, Shield of the Righteous) 3. Monotonous damage-over-time debuff (i.e. Curse of Agony, Shadow Word: Pain, Black Arrow, Rend) 4. Unimaginative instant ability that can be cast cooldown and resource free on a asinine ppm-based proc (i.e. Templar's Verdict, Aimed Shot, Colossus Smash, Overpower, Avenger's Shield, etc)
"Weren't D-Ream shit!"
That notion is still alive with the baby boomer generation.
*Ladies come, ladies go, I'm a revolving door. Some ladies never come back, most come back for more.* Yeah, nowadays they look like a bunch of sleazy manwhores.
Durr. Neutral special.
They also went to Eton.
Wasn't the Honey Bee Inn a part of the cross-dressing sidequest? I'm sure it'll get rewritten or scrapped as some of the scenes there wouldn't fly with a 2015 audience.
If you replace St. Pauls with Knowle West, Southmead or Easton, you'd be on point.
I'm sure they'll be tuned so poorly that anyone can face stomp.
I'd announce it after flooding the market in secrecy.
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/tech-support/400084-razer-blackwidow-key-problems Similar to this issue, except I've had to unplug the keyboard and plug it back in to fix this issue. It has happened on more than one computer too so it's not my computer that's the problem And don't get me started on how buggy the Synapse 2.0 software is. It's probably even buggier and more non-functional than iTunes and Quicktime are on Windows... It has to be the worst mechanical keyboard I've ever tried and even a £10 membrane keyboard which you can buy from Maplin Electronics is more worthwhile.
&gt; after he smashes down my door. [( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nSKkwzwdW4)
I remember the day when Bungie and Microsoft pulled a cunt move in a Halo 3 update and locked out 90% of the playlists to paid DLC owners (including Team Doubles, Major League Gaming, and Big Team Slayer) and forced us to buy the Mythic Map Pack and Mythic Map Pack II in order to continue playing them. All 343 really did was make a passably good Halo game with mediocre multiplayer which made MLG drop the game from its Pro Circuit. (which was a given anyway because the Halo competitive scene kinda jumped the shark in Halo 3.) Meanwhile a lot of us are forgetting that Bungie made Halo Reach, Halo ODST and the godawful Destiny which three DLC packs later feels about as complete as a typical AAA release in its alpha build. I guarantee if 343 give us a westernized Halo Online or a PC release of Master Chief Collection and Halo 5, they would've done a greater deal of service for the Halo franchise than Bungie.
I can see Morpheus failing very dramatically. I mean lots of PS4 games can't even run at 30FPS on a 1080p display. Good fucking luck rendering 60FPS gameplay on two different displays within a VR headset.
Too bad they haven't competed with Intel on performance since the Core 2 era...
In true Bethesda fashion, the game crashes to desktop at this point.
Just like how they've taken action against bots and win traders in SC2 and WoW? I thought so too...
Best: Jimmy Carr Worst: Russell Brand, at least ever since he decided to go Che Guevara on everyone.
According to /r/WoW, the overwhelming consensus is that they've only banned the offending account.
I'm saying that Riot are moronic because they will not allow a surrender vote if 60% of the players (which is still a majority) want to surrender. It leads to a lot of frustrating, drawn-out and one-sided games.
Yay, another armchair 'protest' at Bungie. They must be shitting themselves. You're a fucking idiot.
what happened with Justin Timberlake's relaunch of the site anyway?
Well that escalated quickly...
&gt; easier games You son of a bitch...
Still better than the shitty Tony Hawk's 'games' Robomodo have released in the last few years.
Totalbiscuit is a douche, not Goku.
Given the nerf to Swarm Hosts, I predict a last place finish.
Flash failed to qualify? So what else is new?
Why not just rework Snipe so it's just like Nova's Heroic Ability in Heroes of the Storm?
If they truly cared about feedback, we'd have a mining change.
He's certainly being very active and open about his (and the community's) thoughts on the direction SC2 is going. I do however still disagree with the direction Legacy of the Void is going. Some of my biggest criticisms include: 1. Starting players with 12 workers instead of 6 is going to kill a lot of low-income cheese builds, which actually made the game interesting. These days, fast expand builds are going to be mandatory because of how kickstarted the economy already is. It's quite sad, really because World of Warcraft proves that taking gameplay choices away from players equals a shittier game. 2. Reducing the amount of minerals per base by 25% (by halving the minerals on half of the nodes) is a suboptimal solution at fixing SC2's flawed mining system. Adjusting minerals does not change this but rather punishes defensive play and falling behind on bases far more severely than WoL and HotS did. This time, losing expansions will become game-ending and games will end much, much faster. 3. Apart from the Lurker (which is a very welcome addition to the Zerg arsenal), there aren't any units or balance changes that improve the defensive capabilities of any particular race. Siege Tanks for instance are even shittier and less viable in LotV than they were in WoL or HotS because now they're **HUGELY** vulnerable to Ravagers and Disruptors. If Blizzard want more players to take expansions in Legacy of the Void, then they need to give each race the tools to defend said bases. And that means buffing Siege Tanks and Colossi to fill these niches. 4. Terran in particular got shafted. The Cyclone is suboptimal, too expensive, too slow to build, and too late in the tech tree to be viable in any Mech build. Meanwhile the Liberator is a shit jack-of-all-trades, master-of-none unit that does things which other ground and air units can do 10 times better.
People didn't like the lack of raid content in Mists - Blizzard released three raids across two raid tiers, and the third one has seemingly wrapped-up the plot of Warlords. People didn't like the fact that Mists felt like World of Babycraft - Blizzard dumbed-down even more stats in WoD, pruned a lot of iconic abilities and made professions piss-easy to level to 700, albeit completely pointless to learn. People didn't like facing bots in Arenas and BGs - Blizzard responded with one long-overdue ban wave targeting a popular bot, and gave everybody a 6 month ban on the game licence they were offending on, rather than something more justifiable like a permanent ban, nuking their entire battle.net account, or blacklisting their billing details. As a result of the lazy ban-wave mentality, bots are very quickly popping back up. People didn't like having Trade chat spammed by assholes selling Arena boosts and boss kills for real world money - Blizzard didn't bat a single fucking eyelid at this practice which is a breach of the ToS in itself, and you can still basically buy your way to a Mythic Blackhand kill or 2200 Arena rating. People didn't like social media integration in SC2 and Battle.net - Blizzard responded with a content patch that does nothing except adds selfies and Twitter integration.
This game looks like an ultra-gory Russian parody of Streets of Rage. It's at the point where I'm half-expecting a shirtless Putin to walk out [to the tune of pounding techno.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruRk1O-dH-c)
Do you ever get bored of Hearthstone?
It's because I'm not some internet famous e-celebrity that they jerk their tiny microwieners off to.
With a reasonable amount of content on release and lots of upcoming content at a reasonable price, F2P. With a good amount of content on release and even more upcoming content afterwards, B2P. NEVER P2P. Aside from in PC bangs where paying per hour is a service charge for the premises themselves, and where Blizzard can introduce great incentives to pay said service charge, Overwatch will never be a game that will justify paying a subscription fee.
http://ih1.redbubble.net/image.23313180.1943/flat,1000x1000,075,f.jpg
What the top comment said, it's far better than being unemployed, on jobseeker's allowance and dealing with a job centre advisor that tries to screw you over and get you sanctioned at every corner. As much as I feel like I'd have much greater potential elsewhere, it's just far too inconvenient to go through the hassle of applying for other jobs, somehow scheduling interviews around fully flexible working hours, and getting screwed around by recruiters all the time.
If I were MC, I'd just retire and play Heroes.
I'm willing to bet he looks like the Numa Numa guy IRL...
Checked the sidebar, the last LFG mega thread I saw was several months ago. What gives?
As with all workplaces, if you pay in peanuts, you get monkeys. Sometimes I think a lot of companies offer godawful customer service simply because they pay and treat their staff like crap, and don't recruit the numbers necessary - so I'm not surprised to see someone at your workplace disrespect the premises to the point of taking a steaming shit in the break room.
You can call me Michael Bay, cause I'd love to blow my load in your face
The best part about this is that nobody knows who the fuck MarineLorD is. He's just a no-name Terran player with a few ZOTAC tournament wins under his belt who went in, curb stomped Hydra, curb stomped Innovation, curb stomped Parting twice, and then proceeded to curb stomp Innovation again. And Hydra, Innovation and Parting are NOT easy opponents. Two of them are top paid KeSPA Koreans. Oh, and did I forget to say that MarineLorD is a French Terran, and that non-Korean Terrans are known to be weak?
To be honest, region locking can only *improve* the quality of foreign play. Region locking doesn't really affect Europe that much, because the Koreans who came over there to play in WCS EU got residency visas anyway, since you'd pretty much have to reside in Europe in order to really compete and practice against the European meta. Plus, a lot of the Koreans who came over to Europe (like Jjakji, Mvp, ForGG and MC) were pretty much has-beens that would be eliminated in Korea. As for Americans... they can pretty much connect to the KR server and experience low levels of latency, because Korea is far more connected (via undersea cables) to America than to Europe. The effect is even less noticeable if you are practising in the West Coast, hence why ROOT Gaming established a team house in California. Hence, Americans could already get Korean levels of practice if they spent their time grinding out dozens of games a day over on the Korean server, which is what eSF and KeSPA teams actually did to get better at the game, not do in-house scrims. Just ask Totalbiscuit about that. What region locking *will* do for the international scene is give foreigners greater viewership, enough money from increased exposure and tournament winnings to sustain themselves, and a chance to compete on the world stage which they otherwise didn't get back in 2014. [The idea is that Blizzard want foreigners to earn enough money so that they don't have to worry about their financial situation, and can instead worry about improving their play, which is a strategy that has worked wonders in the League of Legends scene with LCS and Riot's support for team/coach salaries.](https://vimeo.com/15488784)
Original content is where Netflix will thrive. In particular, their ability to license, dub and subtitle Japanese anime for international release is a force to be reckoned with and could easily eclipse competitors like Funimation. Sadly their Netflix Original anime offerings have been quite weak thus far. Knights of Sidonia was a terrible choice because of its boring plot, dull character designs, and frame-rate so horribly piss-poor that it would make /r/PCMasterRace cry.
My money's on HayprO. IdrA and Grubby have publicly acknowledged that they have zero interest in StarCraft II, even with the release of LotV, otherwise they'd play the beta. Also, IdrA would find it very difficult to be accepted into a roster, especially considering the circumstances in which he was released from EG back in 2013. VortiX or Lucifron is possible, but why would you forsake being part of one of Europe's best Heroes rosters just to play SC2 again? Stephano's technically retired but at the same time he's competed occasionally since, and exploited imbalanced playstyles which Blizzard would later nerf. Jinro has showed little to no interest in SC2, and I'm pretty sure he's content with playing poker and MMA over in Korea. Also, he hasn't exactly been 'on form' since 2010...
Worgen had a lot of missed and failed potential. If Blizzard: 1. Made Gilneas an 80 - 85 zone and tied the Forsaken/Gilnean war into the Cataclysm plot. 2. Allowed Worgen to stay in human form during combat. 3. Made Female Worgen look more ferocious and not like the fantasy booty call of a furry in Lion's Pride Inn. Then Worgen would have been better. Goblins were also horrible, but more-so for the slow, slow, slow pacing of their respective starting zones.
JonnyPatchzerg? That's a name I haven't heard in a long time. A *long* time.
Gotta watch this when I get home. Really wanted to see JSE defeat Sans.
Plebs
You're thinking of Shia LaBeouf...
Yup.
Remember when Dual Tournament stages used to be Bo1 back in BW?
Oh my god that guy looks like Quin69.
Wow, this sounds like the type of comment I'd see on dailymail.co.uk... not here.
I'd love to see Blizzard start a second WoW dev team and employ some of the people working on the largest WoW private servers, to establish official Vanilla, Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King realms and perform any necessary maintenance and bug fixes. Jagex pretty much did the same thing with Old School RuneScape when they shut down 2006scape (A private server that attempted to emulate 2006-era Runescape). They took on-board the feedback of how many people hated RuneScape 3 and its various changes, saw that 2006scape was gaining a lot of hype, and gave their fanbase what they wanted. Fun fact, OSRS is now the *most popular* version of RuneScape, regularly managing more active players at once than RuneScape 3, and that is only set to grow even further when the OSRS dev team plan a phased-release of a brand new content (Zeah) exclusive to OSRS which will increase the size of the game world immensely at the beginning of 2016. That's right, OSRS is so popular that Jagex are releasing *new* content for that version of the game. While I won't go so far as to say Blizzard need to release new Vanilla/TBC/Wrath content, a launch of legacy servers running on legacy versions of the game client is what Blizzard need to be doing with WoW. If Blizzard made an old-school WoW client available and allowed subscribers to download the older clients and experience the game as it was originally intended, I would resub in a heartbeat. Hell, even if they did a Jagex and hired a few extra devs to produce new content for the Vanilla game such as the (originally intended) Emerald Dream raid and slew of cut zones and islands in that era, then I can see Legacy realms eclipsing the current release realms with absolute ease. It's quite sad that you can only experience the previous Azerothian game world, and the original class abilities, talents and itemisation which fuelled the game these days by playing on a private server. Meanwhile on retail, any content outside of Dungeon Finder, Raid Finder and Hellfire Citadel remains abandoned, and cannot be experienced at its originally intended difficulty level even if you could 'level down' your character like in RIFT and Final Fantasy XIV thanks to years and years of immense power creep through really horribly designed game updates. Blizzard say it's too hard, or 'the technology simply isn't there', but there are people who have reverse-engineered the 1.12, 2.4.3 and 3.5 clients and managed to run a slew of private servers which have both emulated and built upon a Blizz-like experience. I cannot think of a smarter analogy than this, but imagine if you purchased the StarCraft II Battle Chest only to then find out that you are unable to access anything in the campaign other than the Legacy of the Void expansion, because to the devs, LotV is the current expansion and you should not care about anything except the latest content. That would make SC2 a pretty shitty single player experience, wouldn't it?
Seriously, they hack a streamer's Twitch account and deactivate it, then threaten him with SWAT team calls, instead of broadcasting ludicrous amounts of hardcore porn? I remember when trolling used to be funny and a legitimate art form, and not sick fucks doxxing others and calling the SWAT team on them.
This has the potential to be either really good or fucking horrible. I await the game with hesitant glee. Let's just hope it's a WW release and not US-only.
The beauty of this is that 'Let's play' is such a generic phrase and it would be asinine of a company like Sony to trademark the phrase and essentially bully others into not using it. The same issue arises when you think about King's attempts to trademark 'Saga' because they don't have the imagination to make an original game, let alone *not* put 'Saga' in the title of the game they've blatantly copied. Saga is also just a generic word in the dictionary and one that works very well given the context. Although having said this, 'This is for the players' is a shit slogan and I really want to see Sony stop using it in their adverts.
I'd suggest going on Fiverr, FiverUp, GigBucks, Roundshelf, Alert3, or any other site where you can contact freelance pixel artists and make enquiries.
Stephano had a GSL seed at one point, and he was also the only foreigner on EG-TL to actually win games in Proleague.
I'm very, very skeptical of the hate and accusations of viewbotting towards WinterSC for one very big reason. TeamLiquid themselves have re-listed Winter as a featured streamer after a six month probation. Full post on TL linked [here](http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/starcraft-2/480649-revised-featured-stream-requirements-for-2015?page=27#528) and quoted below: &gt; A Decision Regarding Winter's Probation &gt; In March 2015, Team Liquid decided to defeature WinterStarcraft after revelations of viewbotting. Our original decision was made due to the fact that there was no way to establish Winter's actual viewership count and whether it would have qualified him for featured streams. There was a possibility that he acquired featured status solely because of the suspected bots, which aided in amassing more legitimate viewers. The original investigation showed that his stream was a target of botting, but there was no way to establish beyond reasonable doubt the person who was responsible for the botting. &gt; Based on the evidence provided, we decided that the best course of action was to remove WinterStarcraft from our featured streams list and put him on a 6 month probation. At the same time, Winter promised to change his stream and attempt to clear the accusations. During this time, he remained a spotlighted Twitch streamer. &gt; Now that his probation period has expired, we must revisit our decision and decide whether or not to refeature him. This has been a very high profile case, so we do not take this decision lightly. We have placed the burden of proof on Winter to show that his stream is clean and that the problem is past him. &gt; Based on the evidence he provided, we have decided to refeature Winter. He was very cooperative during the probation period and the deliberation process, and he provided private information that shows his real streaming numbers (extrapolated from the data) are more than good enough to be featured. While we cannot divulge exactly what information he showed us or explain how that data supports his claims, it became evident even to the most skeptical among us that—based on what he showed us—he deserves to be refeatured. Coupled with the fact that Blizzard and Twitch continue to support him, we have no reason to keep him off the list. &gt; We at Team Liquid believe in giving people second chances, and that people can change for the better. Winter's stream looks healthy and he's shown enough proof to convince us to refeature him. We hope that everyone has learned their lesson from this fiasco, and that everyone avoids such mischievous behavior in the future.
Again, TL are not known for second chances. Just look at CombatEX
Hopefully the Austrian leader sends them back to Germany saying "You got us into this mess, Merkel, It's not our problem!"
I'd pay very, very good money for Dan Harmon, Justin Roiland and Toby Fox to do an Undertale crossover episode of Rick &amp; Morty.
Given how shitty the Marauder's attack is now that it's split in two, maybe we should make them shoot up...
Or invite disgraced BW player sAviOr and disgraced DOTA 2 player Solo on the show to teach players how to match fix.
/r/theredpill is leaking?
&gt; SweetSensi 24:56 hope your depression causes you to commit suicide, easy to diagnose. 0 girls fucked in 2015 guaranteed. must suck to be you. goodday. To that, I would have said "Wow, that's the closest you've come to dealing damage to me yet."
Abathur's quite slim.
Did I seriously watch some dude pounce on her and start dry-fucking her in the middle of that moment?
AMD crossfire?
Azubu is actually quite good. And we NEED more competition in the scene. We can't just allow Twitch to reign supreme.
And look at how well free, ad-supported 1080p has supported events like WCS, IPL, etc. Broadcasters and TOs have to make their money somewhere, otherwise the scene becomes one huge charity case.
The best change will be to make Warp Prism pick-up range an upgrade from the Robotics Bay. Perhaps tie it in with the existing speed upgrade. The fact that it can negate the defender's advantage through warp-ins is powerful enough. It shouldn't be able to pick up units from far away that early in the game.
It's hilarious they consider Hearthstone a bigger priority than Smash.
Hopefully then Thors will actually be a viable soft-counter against Brood Lords.
The best way to address the Ravager issue is to buff their health and make them tankier than the typical Roach, but nerf Corrosive Bile. Therefore, I propose the following change **Ravager:** * Life increased to 165, from 120. * Ravagers now benefit from Tunneling Claws (allowing them to move while burrowed and giving them increased Life regeneration while burrowed.) * Corrosive Bile now deals 45 damage, down from 60 damage. This means that Ravagers will now 4-shot Liberators, but still 3-shot Siege Tanks.
Didn't Madals say that SPOTV decided on the paywall?
To tell you the truth, we need more passive skills like Riposte to make tanking and healing stats more interesting and more focused towards mitigation. It's quite boring when you give everybody the exact same gear...
I miss the days when Vivendi owned Blizzard, to be honest. Ever since Activision-Blizzard formed, this game has been overloaded with microtransactions, had its expansion pack fee raised substantially and has reached the point where expansion packs currently have a fraction of the content, whilst still demanding a $14.99 subscription fee... And don't get me started on the damage Bobby Kotick has done to Blizzard's other franchises...
**Okay.... No.** [Wikipedia's definition of MMO is as follows - "A massively multiplayer online game (MMOG or MMO) is an online game which is capable of supporting large numbers of players simultaneously in the same instance (or world)."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massively_multiplayer_online_game) This does not fit the description of Dragon Ball Xenoverse. In fact, you could argue that it's an online role-playing game (or ORPG) like Phantasy Star Online or Guild Wars at the very most, and that's because the hubworld is separated into blocks where you can meet and interact with real world players, but everything outside is entirely instanced only to you or any other party members you have. In addition, there is [only one mention of 'MMO'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dragon_Ball_XenoVerse) in the Wikipedia article, and that is a citation of a Kotaku article that discusses story similarities between Xenoverse and Dragon Ball Online, which was an ACTUAL Dragon Ball MMO that Bandai Namco shut down because they were fucking morons and never released it outside South Korea despite the massive waves of hype and demand. When I hear the term MMO thrown around, I expect a persistent game world capable of supporting hundreds, if not thousands of players within the same instance, not half of the shit you see on Steam when you click the 'Massively Multiplayer' category, most of which aren't even fucking MMOs but rather shitty MOBAs or Action RPGs...
Ahhh, Artix Entertainment, also known as the people who can't make an original game and just make near-identical clones of AdventureQuest. AQ3D doesn't look that great, and I'm sure there'll be a massive catch to it, as with their other games...
Meanwhile they retcon Med'an and his ascension to the Guardian of Tirisfal, then pretend he doesn't exist...
I don't think PvP is even their focus, otherwise Ashran would have been a whole lot better and we would have seen more BGs and Arenas. We would have even seen Trial of the Gladiator make it into the game.
He hasn't played a game since early 2012, and has no interest in SC anymore. He now does MMA and poker.
Noted, although I think the assessment is training provider specific.
&gt; Crack down is a joke. Yeah about ten years ago they tried to sue a college kid and a stay at home mom for several million, it was a PR nightmare, and since then they have tried to take down torrent sites. ThePirateBay went down briefly, then came back up within a week. It took them years of pressure just to achieve the first take down. Piracy isn't going anywhere. There are other means to restricting torrents which are quite prominent now including: * Censorship - Yes, this can be bypassed via a VPN but a good number of laws and court orders have forced ISPs to block sites such as The Pirate Bay and Kickass Torrents. I mean the ISP I'm using blocks them. * Throttling/Capping - This is less prominent over here in the UK but it's also a major one elsewhere. A lot of ISPs especially in the US have pushed for monthly data caps both because they are unwilling to invest in their infrastructure and because they want to price-gouge a market which they have almost complete control over. In the case of my ISP, they are known to have sucky upload speeds and do throttle download and upload speeds to 25% of their normal speeds for up to 6 hours after exceeding a usage cap. &gt; People find the need to come up with multiple arguments to justify stuff. Really, I suspect your only argument that actually matters to you is your first: it is clear you aren't comfortable with stealing. That's it, and that's totally fine. Just say so. I respect that. In fact just like you said -I recognize that if everyone stole everything developers wouldn't have money for creating new content. Thank you for driving the industry forward and voting with your dollars. Yeah, if you say that on Reddit, you get loads of people arguing with you that piracy is not stealing.
Isn't Hapstablook [confirmed to be Mettaton?](/spoiler)
I always thought the mainland has held the idea of there being one unified China government very well?
&gt; &gt; Using your god damned seal every time you cast judgement? &gt; Oh god no send me back to WoD I miss the old Seal system. :( It actually gave you the interesting gameplay choice of whether to conserve the duration of your Seals and therefore your Mana to deal sustained damage throughout the fight, or to burn your Mana and Judge your Seals for extra burst. Mind you, Vanilla Retribution and Protection Paladins were very weak, but I think that's something Blizzard needed to build upon, not redesign outright and make them the simplest, most dumbed-down DPS and tanking class in the entire game like they did from Wrath onwards. Paladins would have been viable DPS and Tanks in Vanilla if they had: 1. Crusader Strike from a low level, as originally planned in the beta. This would have given Paladins an additional button to press, and would have added some much-needed damage to the Holy and Protection rotations. 2. If Protection Paladin talents such as Redoubt and Reckoning didn't require Paladins to "be the victim of a critical strike" in order to trigger, which goes against the fact that tanks need to make themselves crit-proof. 3. A taunt, which they didn't get until Wrath of the Lich King. 4. An interrupt, which they also didn't get until Wrath of the Lich King, and even then it was a Retribution talent...
I don't, actually. That explains a whole lot. **EDIT: Installed it. It works.**
These new redesigned classes and specs look awesome. They've turned Disc Priests from an incredibly imbalanced, absorb-based healer into a true DPS/Healer hybrid class that looks incredibly fun to play. This almost makes me want to resubscribe and purchase Legion. ALMOST.
I'm going to make a character called Hardy Cockburn and see how far I get within the game.
**SANS** [will give you a bad time](/sans)
[what? you're smiling](/sans)
The two or three Ginyu Force episodes were pretty good.
Another one you may find funny, "spunk" in US terms means courage and determination, while in British terms, it's actually slang for semen.
Adam Sandler's movies make good examples... * **Click**ing - Adam Sandler stars as an overweight, unemployed, 46 year old World of Warcraft playing virgin that goes on epic adventures with his guild, until one day he has a midlife crisis and tries to get his life back on track. * **Backstabbed Man**ning - A political comedy tale about Bradley Manning's leaking of sensitive political documents to WikiLeaks and later arrest. The film stars Adam Sandler as every character. * **Big Daddy**ing - Adam Sandler plays a sugar boy, who provides sexual relations and companionship with a wealthier, older man in exchange for being lavished with money. * **50 First Dat**ing - Adam Sandler plays a recently divorced 50 year old man who searches for love on Okcupid. Hilarity ensues. * **Just Go**ing **With It** - Adam Sandler stars as a middle-aged man who accidentally gets roped into BDSM at a sex dungeon. * **The Water**ing **Boy** - A CGI-enhanced Adam Sandler made to look 20 years younger stars as a college graduate who gets his first unpaid graduate internship gig at a garden store watering plants. * **Pixel**ling - Adam Sandler plays an obese, 37 year old pixel artist, who falls in love with a girl (later revealed to be a guy) who he meets in EverQuest.
Reminds me of the time when universities actually banned Blurred Lines by Robin Thicke from being played on campus.
Nah, that's John Travolta.
With mine, it didn't even really go to debate when the feminist society pushed for it. It just got banned.
If it's legal for them to do so, Blizzard need to start blacklisting the billing details of repeat offenders or consider hardware bans. If the risk of multiple hacking offences means that you can no longer pay for any subscription based Blizzard games or purchase from the Blizzard Store without a change to your billing address, then I'm pretty sure people will stop hacking. Sure they won't do it because money, but imagine how powerful a statement "You've spent the last year botting in our game, so we're not even going to accept you as a customer anymore" would be.
Got a similar issue, it shows 59:18 as the total duration of the vid and sends me to the beginning. Beginning to think Twitch's VOD system sucks and we should just link it on Afreeca?
Even ESPN are like "StarCraft II, ded gaem? Yup, ded gaem!"
Probably a bit of a tall order but do you have any patch notes to share so that we can debate during the downtime?
That is true, I do get supply blocked a bit, but sometimes it feels almost impossible to optimally build supply depots without foregoing critical units or workers. Also, I think my mentality completely sucks for SC2. I get angry at losses. A lot.
For those who are skeptical of DingIt's modified plugin, you can download the [Infinite HD plugin from Octoshape's official website](http://www.octoshape.com/support/infinite-hd-octoshape-app/) and watch the stream on DingIt, apparently. Octoshape are a legit company, and actually owned by Akamai.
Wow, 2.5k viewers overall, this is what you'd expect from a small eSports cup, not a tournament featuring **THE GREATEST EVER STARCRAFT II PLAYERS**
Xul sounds like a Specialist if you ask me. YAY, NEW SPECIALIST HEROES!
To tell you the truth, I actually believe your argument and despite the problems people have experienced with the Infinite HD plugin, I do genuinely think DingIt are trying to do good for eSports. If I do have one major criticism about DingIt though, it's that content is VERY difficult to locate on the site because the search functionality appears to be broken on much of the site. It's been mentioned elsewhere on Reddit but if you click for example, 'StarCraft II' in Popular Games, you do not get taken to a list of live SC2 streams and SC2 VODs as you'd expect. Instead, you are taken to a page where you see the most popular highlights and reruns of any game. The same occurs no matter which game you select.
I really do think the [Lavos theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nReqeBSp_WY) from Chrono Trigger fits perfectly with the Ravager clip.
Funny story at work. We had a Cockburn's Port competition advertised that I didn't know about, so I asked a superior what it was, not realising that the surname was pronounced 'Co-burn' rather than 'Cock-burn' Hilarity ensued.
My life now has zero meaning.
My dad installed AVG Zen on his computer quite recently, and to be perfectly honest, the amount of problems he's had with AVG and the difficulty of uninstalling AVG, on top of all the horror stories in this thread make me think that AVG can eat a nine inch schlong. To be honest, the market for antivirus software is very quickly falling to shit. When the programs that people used to cleanse their pallet of crapware like Norton Antivirus are now shady as fuck, the question is who to even trust.
I'd love to see an indie game jam where developers take a shitty game, spend a month redeveloping it and try to make something good out of it. Of course there would be loads of legal barriers to cross, but that would be a legitimately good idea.
&gt; Only 2 SSL and 2 GSL a year is pretty brutal... I don't know why Blizzard wouldn't reduce both season's prize pool by 1/3 and switch it back to 3 of each every year. Seeing sOs and Bomber and other huge names lose 1 Best of 5 or get knocked out of a qualifier then they're gone from the scene for 6 months is just awful. It's awful for the viewers and awful for the players. You forgot that Proleague exists. &gt; No KeSPA Koreans at every weekend tournaments makes the level of play and overall entertainment value much worse. Compare the Round of 16 and Round of 8 in Dreamhack Stockholm of last year to the current Dreamhack Leipzig.... The level of play is leagues different. Foreigners already had the WCS Foreigner Charity league last year... and they get that again this year. So what's the point of cutting Korean participation in the weekend tournaments? There's already tournaments for only Koreans (SSL/GSL), and there's already 3 tournaments for only Foreigners... The weekend tournaments should be the place to see great Koreans facing the Best foreigners... not faster versions of the foreigner charity league. Consider the fact that the most financially successful foreigners in the SC2 scene are not competitive players but rather entertainers like Avilo, WinterStarcraft and Destiny, and that serious pro players rarely if ever stream as they would be busy practicing hard for tournaments. The problem with the 2013 and 2014 WCS systems were just how Korean-dominated the North American scene was at the time. By region locking tournaments, this then actually gives regional players an incentive to practice SC2. This means we'll see North Americans eventually get better through practice on the NA and KR ladders since they can now actually earn money from playing the game competitively without having to stream on Twitch. In the long run, this will result in top tier foreign players emerging who can compete on an international scale. &gt; Seeding 8 foreigners directly into Blizzcon is terrible. Blizzcon should represent the championship of the year's best players, regardless of nationality... if you want to see Koreans facing foreigners at Blizzcon, then those foreigners need to be able to do well against those Koreans at those weekend tournaments. This also allows for the creation of foreigner vs Korean rivalries (like herO vs Snute!)... but this format prevents any of these storylines from ever developing. That trail of thought is fucking stupid and you know it. WCS is the World Championship Series, not the Korean Championship Series and it was a notoriously unfair system that heavily favoured Korean competitors. Just look at the most recent Blizzcon when 13 out of 16 competitors came from the Korean circuit as opposed to WCS (the only three WCS players qualifying for Blizzcon were Polt, Hydra and Lilbow.) &gt; Side point: DingIt as the only way to watch SSL live is a fucking joke. This is Blizzard's game, and they should not allow one of the biggest, year-round tournaments to be broadcast on that shady, buggy malware bullshit. So it's a bad thing that a broadcaster sponsor and acquire the rights to broadcast a tournament and that they do not make their stream available on a competitor's service? Do you not know how broadcasting and syndication rights work? Did you forget that DingIt and SPOTV Games are perfectly within Blizzard's SC2 community tournament licensing guidelines, specifically these clauses: * You may broadcast your tournament online, and you are free to stream on whichever online platform you like. * The tournament organizer may not charge fees of any kind for spectators to watch the tournament - To my knowledge, this does not specifically include paywalling higher quality streams. And I hate to break it to you, but Blizzard are absolutely fine with SSL being broadcasted on DingIt, otherwise they would have blacklisted the operation of the tournament until SPOTV Games and DingIt change their ways. Also, I made a thread on here [a week ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/4209wg/so_after_seeing_all_the_complaints_about_dingit/) asking for solid evidence that DingIt and its plugin were malicious. I have not received any solid evidence at all and the thread eventually descended into overall bitching about the existence of DingIt and baseless accusations of them unloading adware onto people's computers.
The fact of the matter is... SBENU backed out, DingIt stepped in, and because DingIt is a competing stream platform to Azubu and Twitch, there is a conflict of interest between the viewers who don't like DingIt and the organizers who don't want to pull the plug on the league.
You look like the frontman of a metrosexual KISS tribute act.
This should have been the final boss of an alternative genocide route.
I especially love the frowning Papyrus. The smile on his skeletal face doesn't change but you can tell from the expression in his eyes that he's fucking livid with the fact you killed Sans. What I think would have made a Genocide Papyrus more interesting is if he were actually more difficult than Sans to defeat and was able to tank ridiculous amounts of damage instead of dodging it like Sans does.
Well just look at Dreamhack Leipzig and what a fucking nightmare that was.
|| - |[Sure is Tumblr in here...](/papyrus)
Make everyone Illidan in his prime, that's the idea.
Yeah and the internet has this huge double standard where anyone who isn't TB that BMs on his level is told they're a fucking asshole and should just stop it.
Darude - Sandstorm
Look on the other side of the coin, outside of Cleanse, there's no counter to getting chainstunned and raped :)
&gt; No, they don't. Not at all. As long as you're a robot and what your program contains doesn't violate any United States laws, you can upload anything you want. Not true. Let's refer to the [Google Chrome Web Store Developer Agreement for a second](https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/terms), with Clause 4.4 quoted below: &gt; 4.4 Prohibited Actions. &gt; &gt; 4.4.1 You agree that you will not engage in any activity with the Web Store, including the development or publication of Products or other materials, that violates the Google Chrome Web Store Program Policies, or that: &gt; &gt; * knowingly violates a third party’s terms of service, &gt; &gt; * violates any applicable laws or regulations, &gt; &gt; * interferes with, disrupts, damages, harms, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the machines, hardware, devices, servers, networks, data, or other properties or services of any third party including, but not limited to, Google Chrome users, Google or any network operator, or &gt; &gt; * creates a spammy user experience, whether by posting repetitive content or misleading information about an application’s purpose, &gt; &gt; * infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, &gt; &gt; * enables the unauthorized download of streaming content or media, &gt; &gt; * displays (via text, images, video, or other media) or links to: &gt; &gt; &gt; * illegal content, &gt; &gt; &gt; * invasions of personal privacy or violations of the right of publicity, &gt; &gt; &gt; * content that interferes with the functioning of any servers, networks, or services of other parties, &gt; &gt; &gt; * promotions of hate or incitement of violence, &gt; &gt; &gt; * violations of intellectual property rights, including patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party, or pornography, obscenity, nudity, or sexual activity. If DingIt's plugin were truly malicious, siphoning users' personal details, functioning as a Bitcoin miner, affecting ads displayed to the user, doing other things that people have baselessly accused DingIt of doing, etc, then this would have constituted a critical breach of the terms and conditions, and Google would have removed the app from their Web Store by now. &gt; A majority of these are pornography sites and sites that haven't had problems in years and only came up with something on a rare occasion. eBay and AOL for example do not have malicious advertisements on every page, and when they do they're promptly removed by the vendor. PornHub and YouPorn are the only porn sites mentioned above. Also, I am aware that targeted advertising is a major factor at play in terms of what ads get served to which customers. However, the fact of the matter is that in the case where this has happened with DingIt users, DingIt very quickly identified the issue and worked with the ad vendor to remove the malicious ad.
haha fucking savage.
I wish we had the female Monk from D3 in the game as an assassin...
|| - |[WHAT A FUCKING PUSSY!](/papyrus)
I'm staring at that list and thinking 'who the fuck are Karnage eSports'?
**HELLO PROCRASTURBATORS!!!**
I'd rather be an Orc Druid. Imagine Cat Form but with that creepy /clap face.
Meh, why should I bother when Super Street Fighter V will be out a year later?
My guess is they'll write her out by having her brag about her fairy godparents, which will cause them to ditch her back for Timmy.
I like Timewalking, except for the fact that 1. It's limited to certain weekends every few weeks. 2. It drops gear essential to progression (since you practically need raid gear to do Mythic dungeons.) 3. It REQUIRES you to wear legacy gear which has shittonnes of sockets for essential tanking/healing/DPS gems (unlike Warlords gear which have a very scarce amount of sockets), and upscaled set effects, thus making some of them best in slot over Warlords gear. 4. It FORCES players to farm for legendary weapons like Sulfuras, Thunderfury, the Warglaives of Azzinoth, and Shadowmourne, since their effects upscale and become best in slot items over Warlords gear. (NOTE: Removed Thori'dal from that list since its equip effect has been fucking useless since Cataclysm.)
It happened with Brood War. Many sponsors and viewers actually turned away from the scene following the initial match-fixing scandal when sAviOr and about 10 others were indicted.
To be honest, the authorities really need to bust this case wide open and see just how deep the rabbit-hole goes. I'm pretty sure matchfixing in Korea is a wide, sweeping issue and that KeSPA are very reluctant to investigate it further, especially if we've seen a number of suspicious series from top-tier pros and have some very big names in the scene indicted on charges.
Or go the Wildstar system where you unlock all your core abilities by about level 20.
Undertail? This looks interesting. 3 seconds later, I seriously regret clicking that link...
WildStar was a buggy, poorly optimised sack of crap with somehow less content than what Warlords of Draenor had. On anything less than a top end Intel i7 rig, the framerate used to stutter like Gareth Gates and even now NCSoft had the smart idea of making most in game purchases character instead of account bound. Using WildStar to discredit hardcore MMOs is like using the SimCity reboot to discredit all city building simulation games, or using RollerCoaster Tycoon World to discredit all theme park building games. Hell, it's like using Big Rigs: Over The Road Racing to discredit all racing games when the game barely functioned. It's downright asinine.
&gt; if the cost of a realm transfer is too expensive for you to afford maybe you should be doing something else with your time to make real money instead of playing a video game. Ahhh, a typical "Just make more money" argument. For a lot of people, this simply isn't an option. Let's say you work in retail or customer service and earn the minimum wage, which a lot of people do. The average full time contract in Britain is for 37.5 hours per week, and the national minimum wage in the UK is £7.20 (for a worker over 25 years old, whereas it gets even lower for anyone below that age.) Hence, a 25+ worker can earn £270 per week, £14,040 per year, or £1,170 per month in pre-tax pay. Now let's subtract taxation and National Insurance contributions from this figure. [Rather than bore you with lots of mathematical calculations, I found a website capable of calculating the income](https://www.incometaxcalculator.org.uk/?ingr=14040&amp;time=1&amp;yr=2017&amp;age=0#). This gives us a net annual wage (rounded to nearest penny) of £12,714.40 per year, £1059.53 per month, £244.51 per week, or £6.52 per hour. Since UK employees are usually paid at the end of the month, we're now concerned with the net monthly figure of £1,059.53. [Let's subtract the average monthly energy bill on a small house/flat from that figure](https://www.ukpower.co.uk/home_energy/average-energy-bill), which is £61 per month, [then subtract food (£140) and internet (£20) from that monthly bill, on the assumption that the worker is living the austere lifestyle of a student.](http://www.ed.ac.uk/studying/international/finance/cost-of-living) This means that we now have an income of £838.53 per month after taxation and basic necessities (gas/electricity, groceries/food, internet connection, which is almost mandatory in today's society, and is required to play World of Warcraft, so screw it, we're factoring this in as well.) Since we're now concerned with the disposable income of a minimum wage 25+ UK worker, let's compare the monthly income of £838.53 per month to [average UK rent prices circa October 2015, according to statistics quoted by the Telegraph from Homelet:](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/property/11984097/London-rents-now-a-record-108pc-higher-than-rest-of-UK.html) * Greater London - There is no way that anybody on a salary that low can live in London with its average rent costs of £1,560 per month. London is just *that* heavily price gouged due to overpopulation, gentrification, and heavy demand for properties. Even most Londoners can barely afford to live in London on their increased average salaries compared to the rest of the UK. * South East England - Perhaps if you're lucky enough to find a cheap property far away from London to rent, you could maybe live a very austere life in South-East England. Otherwise, good luck, because South East England is populated pretty highly with workers who commute into London on a regular basis. * South West - At £872 per month, the average property in the South West is pretty unaffordable and will leave you living an incredibly austere lifestyle. * East Anglia - At £809 per month, we finally have a point where we can calculate the percentage of disposable income that a WoW realm transfer priced at £17 would be: 838.53 - 809 = 29.53, and (17 / 29.53) *100 = ~57.57% of your disposable income. * West Midlands - At £669 per month, the percentage of disposable income that a WoW realm transfer would cost would be: 669 - 838.53 = 169.53, and (17 / 169.53) * 100 = ~10.03%. With the rest of monthly rent prices being very close to the West Midlands figure, and being at most ~£150 lower, let's not calculate the rest. Rent alone costs a huge amount of money for a Brit, and on top of having to pay out of our ass for other necessities, the price of a WoW realm transfer isn't justified just to be able to play a dying game with many servers resembling ghost towns.
I hate questing, but the game still forces me to do it... That's really not a valid argument, is it?
[I find it odd he ripped into a game that he praised after using it to cleanse his pallet of Medal of Honor: Warfighter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuNN1D-FCjs)
&gt; My PC wasn't ready when I arrived, so I spent my first day waiting for my equipment and playing a very early build of a game known then as Project Ego, what would later become Fable. Was 'Project Ego' an internal codename that everybody called the project behind Peter Molyneux's back?
I heard really bad things about the reboot, mainly relating to DRM and the amount of downloadable content. Is it really on par with a classic like Hitman 2: Silent Assassin?
Any good tutorials and guides for using UE4, or creating assets that are compatible with the engine?
Kinda why I stopped using POF and Tinder, and am close to ditching Okcupid.
My bet is either Verizon or Time Warner Cable.
Support legislation to curb scalping then
How is this relevant to gaming culture again?
Apparently that guy is still shadowbanned. Gotta love how even the admins condone this behaviour.
If anything is worse than the Daily Mail, it's the British right wing electorate.
I got blocked by him 4 years ago for calling him an egotistical diva on Twitter after he went off on one of his anti-Reddit community tirades after he responded rudely to a channel request and had /r/gaming up in arms. Since then, I've also had him occasionally show up to publicly shit on me on Reddit and on Twitch chats whenever I've said anything remotely critical about him. Totalbiscuit is one of the biggest assholes on the internet, and that's a very big reason why I've stopped watching his content. Did I also mention how badly he mismanaged his guild back in WoW: Cataclysm?
**CROIKEY, I'M STEVE IRWIN AND I'M HUNTIN' PEDOPHILES! OVER HERE WE FOUND A ROIGHT ROCK SPIDER!**
The Wii U in general. If it weren't for the strong lineup of first party titles, I would have Wiiturned it for a Wiifund by now. It is almost undisputably the worst console to be released in the last fifteen years. Other notoriously shit consoles from the last fifteen years like the N-Gage and the Gizmondo had far more redeeming qualities than Nintendo's did. _____________________________ **The first fatal flaw was its shitty storage.** Bundling a console in 2012 with only 8 GB (or 32 GB with the Deluxe model) of internal storage was a stupid idea. For comparison, the original Xbox which released back in 2002 has the same amount of internal storage space as the Basic model of the Wii U. For the Xbox, this was amazing because back in 2002 when gamers didn't have to worry about buying games digitally, or downloading massive launch day patches, 8GB of space was far more than plenty to hold the save game data of any hardcore gamer's library, unlike the expensive proprietary memory cards Nintendo and Sony forced down their players' throats which generally had just a few MBs of storage (the standard GC card had 4MB, the PS2 card had 8MB, and the larger capacity GC card which glitched out with certain games like Phantasy Star Online had 16MB in comparison.) Nowadays, you have digital game downloads which would fail to even fit on a Basic Wii U, and which would barely fit on a Deluxe model. This wouldn't even be so bad if Nintendo supported decent methods of external storage. Yes, there was SD card support, but that was exclusive to the Wii compatibility mode and could never be used to store Wii U downloadable content or games. Instead, gamers had to rely on external hard drives, and often ones with their own external power supply to ensure the games you downloaded didn't glitch out or crash from a lack of power. As the owner of a Seagate external drive without its own external power plug, I've been unable to play certain games which support external storage really badly like the Wii U digital release of Metroid Prime Trilogy, because the game just fucking glitches out on the tutorial every time. And let's say you *did* use such an external HDD which Nintendo officially recommends; you've now got three power plugs: one for the console, one for charging the bulky gamepad and one for powering the external drive. [While the power adaptors are far from bulky, this is very similar to why the AVGN slagged off the 32X and Sega CD addons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvR_3OTxs8A) _____________________________ **The second fatal flaw is the Gamepad.** It's bulky, it's gimmicky, it doesn't feel natural unlike the DS and 3DS usage of dual screens, and when games force gyroscopic controls and Gamepad aiming upon you, it becomes cancer. At least with the DS and 3DS, you only have to direct your vision a little bit higher up to see the top screen, and both screens sync together in a lot of games almost flawlessly. With the Wii U Gamepad, you have to look straight down at the Gamepad whenever you want to look at the menu or use an item that requires you to use the touchscreen, or face the Gamepad right in front of you like an oversized steering wheel just to see both the TV and Gamepad screens in your vision simultaneously. The gyroscopic controls are also horseshit in comparison to the 3DS, partially due to the fact that you're using a bulky gamepad instead of a slim, sleek handheld console to aim, but also partially due to the fact that it was awfully calibrated in comparison to the 3DS. How could Nintendo get a concept that worked perfectly in Ocarina of Time 3D and Majora's Mask 3D to the point where gyroscopic aiming actually outperformed analogue aiming with the circle pad, and fuck it up royally with Star Fox Zero and Splatoon which are good games hampered by their horrible controls... ______________________________ **And finally, leading to the final fatal flaw, which the gimmicky Gamepad was largely responsible for.... the price tag and technical specificiations.** For your $350 USD, you could get a PS3 with a slightly inferior GPU and a superior CPU for *less than half the price*. Hence, what gamers got with the Wii U was a gimmicky, low spec console with its price hammered up by a mandatory freakishly-sized touchscreen tablet Gamepad controller that the Wii U couldn't operate without. Yes, many official Nintendo titles had official 1080p and 60FPS support, but even Nintendo hit a ceiling, especially with the HD remake of Wind Waker which was capped at 30FPS. When a trickling of first-party titles are the only reason to buy a Wii U, you can tell Nintendo fucked up big time.
What next? Duckfacing? Emojis? Butt selfies? Rage face emotes? Instagram integration? Twerking animations? The ability to include Impact font text on your screenshots and submit them as dank-ass may-mays on 9GAG? Because Blizzard is very quickly turning WoW into cancer, just like what Cartoon Network Studios did with the Powerpuff Girls reboot.
His Poly-Bomb Heroic looks fucking broken. Imagine being able to chain-knockback, chain-stun and chain-slow allies into a cluster, on top of chain-sheeping them with no diminishing returns whatsoever.
Didn't Jay Wilson move on to the WoW team during Warlords of Draenor? Because that would explain a lot...
Well, it takes a special kind of idiot to believe what the DWP says, and it's probably the same kind that's seen the Angry Birds movie.
&gt; Travelling into a major city each day might take longer, but the average wage will undoubtedly be higher. You’re likely to be paid more for doing the same thing, and might have access to further job opportunities (both in and outside the company) once you are there. That’s definitely worth downloading Angry Birds for. Undoubtedly higher? How so? Is that in comparison to the pitiful £73.10 per week in Jobseeker's Allowance that the Daily Mail and Daily Express think is turning us into a nation of immigrant scroungers? In reality, [it's so much smaller than the actual cost of living that normal people can't even support themselves](http://www.lbc.co.uk/heartbreaking-call-the-man-too-poor-to-eat-101623), and [don't even get me started on how the disabled are being screwed by cuts.](http://www.lbc.co.uk/disabled-oap-calls-lbc-in-tears-over-cuts-111840)
Because there's no other jobs available, perhaps?
Recently jumping back on my Warrior and purposely trying to time Shield Slam with Shield Blocks and purposely gimping my rage gain as a result. Turns out it no longer affects Shield Slam damage unless you have Heavy Repurcussions selected as a talent (and Sudden Death is the best talent of that tier, so nobody picks it.)
Do you have any detailed examples of this?
You're partially right, and I'll give you credit for that. However, this depends on the Level 100 talents you select. The only website to [suggest that Haste is the weakest Shadow Priest stat is Noxxic, and Noxxic are notoriously known for their inaccuracy.](http://www.noxxic.com/wow/pve/priest/shadow/stat-priority) [Icy Veins](http://www.icy-veins.com/wow/shadow-priest-pve-dps-stat-priority), [HowToPriest](http://howtopriest.com/viewtopic.php?f=19&amp;t=7411\#aStatPriorities) and [Yvaelle's guide on MMO Champion](http://www.mmo-champion.com/threads/1739378-6-2-3-Shadow-PvE-Guide-and-Discussion\#stats) agree on the same thing: * For Clarity of Power, Crit goes above Haste in multi target situations, and Mastery goes above Haste in single target situations. Haste still remains your second most important secondary stat. * For Auspicious Spirits, Critical Strike is heavily weighted above all else and becomes your strongest stat by far, even outstripping Intellect in terms of priority. * For Void Entropy, Haste remains your most important secondary stat.
Please call the fucking cops on them. This is a really disgusting case of domestic abuse.
My big issue with Morrowind is how confusing it is. You're a prisoner exiled to an island and are free to roam the world. Okay, so what the hell am I supposed to do here?
However, almost every single Final Fantasy game which has been given an enhanced port/remake has been released on Steam, with the exceptions of I, II and XII (although I'm sure the latter will come to Steam after the PS4 release.) Yes, even FFIX has come to Steam, and nobody even remotely expected it. There is however nothing to my knowledge that can stop Square Enix from releasing Kingdom Hearts 1.5 and 2.5 HD Remix on PS4, Steam and XBONE, outside of a possible exclusivity deal with Sony, which would make little to no sense given the fact that Square Enix have released numerous spinoffs on other platforms, and are even releasing Kingdom Hearts III on XBONE...
Not really, but if the WoW devs are going to rip off Diablo ideas, they may as well go all the way or scrap them. D3's RNG on RNG system works because of the lack of gating. Weekly locks will ruin WoW's implementation and make the game unrewardingly crap.
I didn't choose the tub life The tub life chose me
If Blizzard will announce anything concrete with regards to Legacy servers, I can almost guarantee it'll be at Blizzcon this year.
Equality. My ass.
Grinding for the legendary ring however really sucks. You have to do huge quest chains, then somehow find groups for Highmaul and Blackrock Foundry, which is easy on LFR because they reward Valor, but near impossible for any other difficulty because people would rather do HFC for the better rewards it gives.
It's not about being the best player ever, it's about being competent and being able to listen to orders, and you'd be surprised at how many people are not competent enough to even dodge harmful stuff on the ground, let alone do this while repositioning away from the group the moment they're hit with a debuff that does area damage.
Ubisoft are just a pretty crap publisher in general - to the point where I feel like Vivendi taking them over would actually be *better* for the industry as a whole. The latest Assassin's Creed game and The Division should tell you a lot about how much Ubisoft really care for their franchises.
This time I'm going to wait for review scores and people to critically analyse the final release before I decide to buy it. Bought Watch Dogs on launch and it was one of the most disappointing experiences I've had. It was one of those games that I played once for a few hours before deciding not to touch it again. And there are very few games on that list (Black Desert Online is the only other recent game that I can think of.)
I was initially opposed to P2W, but now... I'm personally fine with the ability to pay for competitive advantages, so long as the business model is reasonable and doesn't require you to sink thousands of dollars a month in order to compete, just like with Clash of Clans. The developers have to make their money from somewhere, and while F2P models certainly spark an increase in the number of consumers playing your game, it's the fact that a vast majority of them will play without paying a dime that makes F2P models flawed. Then there's the question of what defines P2W in a video game. Is it the competitive advantage gained from faster progression (i.e. World of Warcraft, League of Legends, World of Tanks), or is it the competitive advantage gained from premium items which you can only reasonably obtain with real world money (i.e. Battlefield Heroes, Hearthstone if you don't already have a competitive deck, RIFT, Call of Duty: Black Ops III, also World of Tanks with its premium tanks and 'Free XP' which can only be unlocked with gold purchased via real world cash.) Then there's also the question of whether faster progression competitively affects the game. In a game like Clash of Clans, production boosts and shields can only be purchased with premium gems and are generally required to compete at a high level, unlike with League of Legends where one hero purchase with Riot Points (premium currency) or Influence Points (non premium currency which you grind) is permanent.
Like it or not, video games have VERY high production costs these days.
Wow, less concurrent players than Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 Multiplayer. That's gotta fucking hurt!
The Fine Bros are cancer.
They saw Overwatch's dev team actually give a shit about cheating, then decided to take action to try and salvage their dead game.
I've heard they're still a big thing in Europe, except for the UK.
It's too bad xHamster is a pretty terrible porn site anyway.
Yes, I have. It's a game marred by some stupidly overpowered Epic cards that even the Hearthstone devs would have scoffed at. I'm talking about cards like the Witch and the Skeleton Army.
Refunds can be an effective goodwill gesture, but companies are right to be cautious about using them.
Gravity Falls Steven Universe
Did somebody say WoDpost?
That's the reset button. I did that already
Read the post. I already did.
Please tell me how what I said was wrong or annoying?
Creative Assembly may be the saving grace this game - and by extension, the Halo franchise, seeing as 343 haven't made a good Halo game yet - now has. I'm not holding out much hope though... Ensemble shat the bed shortly after the release of the first Halo Wars, and who was really surprised after the boring mess they released? It wasn't really any good, and it merely stretched the limit of what was possible with a console RTS with its really basic mechanics, two playable factions, and boring gameplay. Then, the successors to Ensemble, Robot Entertainment, were responsible for the awful pay-to-win mess that was Age of Empires Online, so it's perfectly understandable that Microsoft wouldn't trust them with another RTS game. After all, they learned what a mistake it was to trust Peter Molyneux with the Fable franchise, or Rare with their own IPs... At least the box art for this game looks nowhere near as goofy as the first title, with no ridiculously giraffe-necked Spartans depicted on the front cover this time around.
Carbine are trying to make cash grabs for a reason. They've been haemorrhaging money ever since the game's release, especially with the transition towards F2P that was meant to turn the game around, but instead got their development team cut down to a mere skeleton crew. To put it simply, the game is unprofitable because so many players refused to give the game a reasonable chance, and actually buy into its future, both when the game was released as a subscription MMO, and when it relaunched as a free to play title. Instead, everyone saw the state of the game, expected things to be fixed overnight, and flocked back to World of Cashgrab when they weren't. In other words, the community is entirely to blame for the decline of Wildstar. Perhaps if you guys bought more cosmetics and mounts back when they were directly sold instead of sold in RNG boxes, they wouldn't have to do this shit. A very similar thing happened to RIFT. Trion Worlds relaunched the game with one of the best free to play models of any MMORPG going, with only cosmetics and raid items which you could obtain in-game sold for premium currency. Then they went pay-to-win with the latest expansion: Nightmare Tide, by having stat boosting items (earrings) that can only be purchased with premium currency. Why? Because RIFT was not profitable enough for Trion Worlds to continue operating the game in its current direction.
Well Microsoft showed off something very similar to that...
Skylanders can die in a chemical fire in my personal opinion. It's sad to see Activision-Blizzard continue Vivendi's legacy of shitting all over its once-great franchises.
Understandable since the XBONE isn't selling
I thought it was the shittyness of GFWL that made Microsoft lose users?
**"LOOK AT ME GUYS, I GOT BETA ACCESS!!!"**
&gt; &gt; "We want raiders to select from a catalogue of content" &gt; Do you really think that the Vanilla game had more content to go through than WoD? Or did it take longer? Yes, and yes. If you subtract the amount of raids alone that Vanilla WoW had, it objectively had much more content than Warlords of Draenor. Vanilla WoW had nine raids in total by the release of Patch 1.12, with a total of 87 different bosses: * Upper Blackrock Spire (8 bosses) - Yes, Blackrock Spire was considered a raid back in Vanilla because its player cap was 15 at first, then 10. I'm not considering Blackrock Depths on this list because its player cap was changed to 5 man DURING Vanilla (Patch 1.10.) And even if you take away UBRS and LBRS from this equation, that still leaves 62 bosses or **32 BOSSES MORE THAN WOD** * Lower Blackrock Spire (17 bosses) * Zul'Gurub (13 bosses) * Blackwing Lair (8 bosses) * Onyxia's Lair (1 boss) * Molten Core (10 bosses) * The Ruins of Ahn'Qiraj (6 bosses) * The Temple of Ahn'Qiraj (9 bosses) * Naxxramas (15 bosses) Warlords of Draenor on the other hand had only three raids in total, the lowest seen in any World of Warcraft expansion to date, and only had 30 different raid bosses in total: * Highmaul (7 bosses) * Blackrock Foundry (10 bosses) * Hellfire Citadel (13 bosses) Did I forget to mention that Vanilla WoW had virtually *no* catch-up mechanics to invalidate any of its old content, and that everything in the game was relevant because the game made you progress through it? Compare that to Warlords of Draenor today where you can only progress through Hellfire Citadel because nobody is remotely willing to touch Highmaul or Blackrock Foundry with a barge pole, except in LFR mode because it gives Valor. Tier 17 content is meaningless because you can very, very easily get superior gear. Hell, a couple of hours in Trashran will get you ilvl 700 blues that outgear anythhing dropped by a Tier 17 raid. &gt; &gt; "Hey kids, want some more content? FUCK YOU! HERE'S A 15 MONTH CONTENT DROUGHT. NOW GO BUY ANOTHER LEVEL BOOST!" &gt; How would a content drought increase level boost sales if you were just going to hit the same content drought problem when you boost a character? I don't get this logic. I wasn't implying it would increase sales. That comment you quoted is a tongue-in-cheek jab at Blizzard's current cash-whoring tactics. Also, it's *their* fault the community burned through Hellfire Citadel within a matter of weeks and have been left in absolute despair and boredom over the sudden, anti-climatic ending of their expansion, which has left more plot holes than a M Night Shyamalan flick, and it's their *fault* for shafting the consumer who legitimately expected their purchase of Warlords of Draenor to be backed up with actual content releases.
**EDIT: No I'm not. I'm getting the 'Character name unavailable' bug.** Aight, I'm going to be playtesting the absolute fucking shit out of this.
Hubski, Voat, Snapzu.
To be fair, Microsoft's Tay offended millions...
For Nintendo to make another successful console, they need to understand a few things: 1. Developing a console to sell at a loss isn't a bad thing, and this might be what Nintendo need to consider if they want to compete again. 2. Gimmicks deter people from taking your console seriously, especially if they jack up the price, and are tedious for users and developers to use, much like the Wii U's tablet gamepad. 3. Third-party support is everything. You cannot just continue to rely on indies and your own first-party studios to keep your consoles going. Significant interest from third-party developers needs to be built first and foremost. 4. It's 2016. Can we not get a fully-fledged online gaming network similar to Xbox Live or Playstation Network on Nintendo systems? Do we still have to rely on Friend Codes and other similarly archaic systems on Nintendo consoles? 5. 32 gigabytes is not enough for internal storage. Hell, it wasn't even enough for the previous console generation before the Wii U. 6. Demanding that users purchase external hard drives with their own power supply because your own console is too shit to run a game or any downloadable content off of any other form of external media is considered an act of corporate seppuku. 7. Don't follow the examples of Microsoft and Sony and release yet another x86 console.
It would be even more hilarious if they broke the game even more in the remaster.
The only good shooter to come out of Korea is GunZ: The Duel, and GunZ was only moderately successful because of various movement exploits and glitches, which basically made the game as mechanically intensive as Super Smash Bros Melee. Then MAIET decided to shut down GunZ in favour of releasing a really awful sequel with all of that removed.
Team America: World Police 2?
In the 20s, but it begs the question of why they don't just fucking teach us Stormstrike at 1 or 10
Icy Touch's continued existence in the game is absolutely stupid and shows Blizzard's incompetence in class design. Why would you make a single-target ability that does 5 times less damage than its multi-target equivalent does to its primary target? This is like Arcane Shot in Wrath of the Lich King levels of stupid game design, when it used to share a cooldown with Explosive Shot and did as much damage as a single tick of Explosive Shot.
I hope this leads to a nation-wide boycott of Miss GB.
If the comedian episode of Shugo Chara is any indication, Japanese standup is mainly unfunny physical gags.
The Times backing Remain is a very interesting stance, especially since they're owned by Rupert Murdoch.
Looks like WinterStarcraft is gonna go back to his job at WalMart...
**KRILLIN OWNED COUNT: 1**
It depends on which American cartoons. Some are really good while others, especially most of the recent ones produced by Nickelodeon, are cancer.
Having played a Hunter back in Wrath of the Lich King, Ghostcrawler was in my opinion an absolute moron. This is a guy that refused to buff Arcane Shot for Beast Mastery hunters during WotLK because "Survival also uses it" when if he did five minutes of research on a spec he helped to design, he'd know that all Survival Hunters used Explosive Shot instead because it shared a 6 second cooldown, and did three times as much damage.
Maybe it's Gen 2 Kanto when Cinnabar Island's volcano erupts and destroys the town and gym?
I'm actually looking forward to Infinite Warfare. I've always wanted a futuristic Call of Duty game with space warfare. My only worry is that the gameplay will be too scripted, much like every 3D Sonic game.
I'd be fine with Link having a voice, as long as the first thing he says isn't "Gee, it sure is BORING around here."
The United Kingdom of England and Wales.
The best solution for WoW is to turn the game full Diablo III and scale all the content by level. That means at 110, you have a variety of tier sets, rather than just the single set to choose from.
He had ties to a neo-nazi group.
Probably an English St George flag with a Welsh dragon slapped in the middle.
There are many good reasons why the government can justify backing down from a Brexit, or call a second 'Are you really sure?' referendum, and I wouldn't be surprised if Cameron's opponents approach the situation in this manner. This might even be why Cameron hasn't immediately invoked Article 50, because this may just be an internal power grab. **As for the reasons to veto a Brexit, those are:** 1. Leave campaigners and the British media have outright lied to us on many of the campaign's pledges and many of the so-called benefits of leaving the EU. The £350 million a week for instance that we send to the EU is a vastly inflated figure and should actually be £161 million. And who can guarantee that it'll go towards funding the NHS either? 2. The stock market and currency tumble that every economist predicted would happen happened. The FTSE 250 dropped by about 8% in a day, and the Pound actually dropped to its lowest since the 1980s before going up a little bit. Actually invoking Article 50 and starting the process to leave the EU for good would fucking wreck us economically, especially if we had no contingency plan measured from the staart. 3. The close result of the vote shows how very divisive the UK is on the issue. For every voter that asked us to leave, there were an almost equal amount that wanted us to stay. Entire regions of the UK voted differently towards the issue, with Scotland almost entirely. 4. With our departure from the EU and the drastic changes in economic and social conditions that would ensue, there have been calls from Scottish and Northern Irish leaders for a referendum to leave the UK. They could by all means prevent Nicola Sturgeon and Martin McGuinness from getting said referendums after invoking Article 50 to leave, but I'm pretty sure that would enrage the Northern Irish and Scottish electorate. The other alternative would be to not go through with the petition. 5. Nigel Farage has said he would demand a second referendum if Remain won by a close margin, why can't we do the same if Leave wins under those conditions? 6. We can negotiate better conditions with the EU, and the referendum can serve as a bargaining chip.
If you're talking about the 2015 election, the reason Ed Miliband lost is because the right wing media that opposed Ed took every breathing moment to assassinate his character; often in very brutal ways. The exact same thing is happening to Jeremy Corbyn.
&gt; I'm sure that if the results had been reversed you would have been quite happy to stay in? Because staying in is the status quo. Nothing will change, for better or for worse.
Also note that Barack Obama and Hilary Clinton have little interest in negotiating a separate trade deal with us.
Not necessarily. If it soon becomes clear that Britain won't exit the EU because there's simply too much at stake, the markets will recover.
I'll admit, I'm very surprised to see Merkel siding with us on this one.
When Scotland takes all of the UK's finance and banking jobs, the UK will become the next Greece.
The United Kingdom potentially losing Gibraltar, Scotland and Northern Ireland thanks to Brexit. Damn, that must be painful.
Good to see it's hitting HL's former boss hard. In my years of trying to become an accountant since graduating, there is nothing I have come to loathe more than elitist financial firms that disenfranchise most graduates from even applying by imposing incredibly high UCAS tariffs on their graduate schemes.
And us.
Hence the term 'any shred of confidence and forward-planning'. UKIP's ultimate goal that they've been working towards for decades has been to leave the EU, and clearly they've put a little bit more thought into it than the Tories. Cameron approved the referendum in the first place to ensure that the Conservatives wouldn't lose voters to UKIP, and to placate dissidents within his own party. People who backed the Leave campaign like Boris Johnson and Michael Gove clearly just did it to fight against Cameron. I doubt they were even expecting to win.
They're not laughing at us, they're telling us to get the fuck out.
I love passion projects.
And I'm still here saying "Who the fuck is Stephen Crabb"?
Sabagebu: Survival Game Club. For all intents and purposes, this anime is basically Girls und Glocks.
Please, by all means elaborate on how racist thuggery represents the people 'waking up.'
Wait, Keemstar actually **SAID** this? How is his career as a YouTuber not over?
Isn't it pretty much a shitty meme over here that "Black is Goten"?
Kanon Takigawa.
Leaving the EU and joining the EEC would actually be worse for us in terms of immigration. It means that we would have to accept immigrants without any say whatsoever. This is the polar opposite of what Leave wanted. Farage should have realised by now that we are much stronger within the EU.
"Screw this, we shouldn't be backing down from the Single Market. And let's not withdraw from the European Convention on Human Rights either." "Yeah, and you know what? Forget leaving the EU!" [**"LET'S NOT GET CRAZY!!!"**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hvqe0i1gGt4)
If we can get rid of Alterac Valley, Strand of the Ancients and Isle of Conquest, then I'm all for it.
The BNP has always done stuff like this. [Here is their 2014 party political broadcast when they tried to associate Lee Rigby's death with the 'islamification' of Britain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgLZSZqEZF8).
**FIRE IN THE DISCO!**
You'd be surprised how many women will shove the door in a man's face over far more trivial shit.
Such as?
In-N-Out Burger sponsorship next?
I'm not. Ever since the Activision buyout, Blizzard in general have turned increasingly ignorant towards player feedback. In SC2 especially, this sticks out like a sore thumb. It took Blizzard **SIX YEARS** to give the Siege Tank a well deserved damage boost when there have been complaints about the Siege Tank being too weak dating all the way back to Wings of Liberty. In almost every other regard, they've done nothing at all to address design issues that pros and amateurs alike have complained about for years. People have whined for years about Terran Mech's weak AA and what do Blizzard do? They nerf the only half-decent Mech AA unit's damage against air units to the point where it can't even defend against dropships anymore, remove its auto-locking capabilities which make the unit feel clunky as fuck to play, and remove the Tech Lab requirement so that two at a time can be shat out from a Reactor Factory. They also specialise it as an anti-armoured unit, which has flipped the balance of the game on its head because it's designed to counter the very units that counter Hellions, and actually turn TvZ and TvP into bullshit coinflips where you can either make the Hellion counter unit (Stalkers or Roaches) and lose to Cyclones, or make the Cyclone counter unit (Zerglings, Adepts or Zealots) and lose to Hellions. Korean pros and coaches have deemed Legacy of the Void ["way too difficult to master"](https://us.battle.net/forums/en/sc2/topic/20749247146) and who can blame them for saying that? Harassment units are far too mobile and far too powerful to justify their mobility. One small mistake such as having your units in the wrong spot at the wrong time can lead to you losing your fucking army or economy in a split second. When Korean professional gamers who made it big in Brood War (and for those of you unaware, Brood War is highly regarded as one of the most difficult and mechanically intensive eSports of all time) complain that your game is too difficult, that's the point where you take a step back, admit that you fucked up, step down and get a more competent replacement. Unfortunately... David Kim hasn't done that.
https://us.battle.net/forums/en/sc2/topic/20749247146
[Nor do KeSPA pros and coaches.](https://us.battle.net/forums/en/sc2/topic/20749247146)
¿Por que no los dos?
Nothing wrong with cougars.
I am well aware of how Penalty Fares work. The real question is whether an 80p discrepancy should have been punished with a £20.00 penalty fare that is 25 times higher than the initial discrepancy in the first instance, or even end up taken to court, costing the taxpayer astronomical amounts in legal fees. At one point, prosecutor could have decided not to take this to court because it's "not in the public interest" and there's a big argument for that. The guy was a peer, and probably had his travel expenses reimbursed by the government anyway.
I dunno, Scarlett's a really good player and she frankly deserves the success she has. She became the first foreigner in six years to qualify for GSL through the open bracket qualifiers. At the same time, Byun's on a different league to her, and he's not the kind of guy to choke under pressure, given his recent tournament results. I just hope this was a rare off-day for him and there aren't ulterior motives like match-fixing at play here...
As if I had access to Reddit at work. I don't even have access to half the stuff I need to do my job...
To be honest, I'd remove Photon Overcharge and replace it with a Nexus or Sentry Shield Battery ability to restore shields to Protoss units. It would make Shield upgrades so much more valuable too.
I couldn't agree less. He feels easy to play, has the capabilities to deal insane damage, and has an ult that basically makes him immune to death and capable of dealing insane damage.
No reviews.
AJ Styles vs Shinsuke Nakamura.
You may want to look at labour laws in your state, but this shit sounds like you need to unionize.
Out of all the humans, Tien is probably the strongest. He did hold off Cell in his second form after all.
You can tell I don't sink hundreds of dollars into the game or have the ridiculously good luck to get an OP legendary? What else is new? My problem is that Legendary cards in CR are far too powerful. They're not like the legendaries in Hearthstone because they work in nearly all situations.
At least they bothered to use bcrypt for the password system and not something shitty like unsalted MD5 or SHA1. Regardless, that's a scary amount of info leaked. Oh, and its those guys who hid bitcoin miners in their software clients. Karma really is a bitch, isn't it?
From that angle, those dollar bills almost looked like bags of cocaine.
Starve the Beast works because people simply don't like paying taxes. The strategy works for the Tories because they've managed to get some of the poorest people out of paying tax almost entirely, given the Personal Allowance that George Osborne introduced back in late 2010 that isn't taxed at all.
For New York Post themselves to say this about BuzzFeed shows that even they think they went too low.
I agree with their policy from the perspective that tax breaks are a way of rewarding low paid workers. I do however find it weird they're doing that to tackle our growing deficit problems. Taxes are meant to pay for public services and lowering taxes across the board serve only to deepen the amount of cuts that have to be made to public services to balance the books. Maybe a plummeting GBP caused by Brexit might help further somehow to pay off that deficit. I dunno.
False imprisonment too.
**OH BABY A TRIPLE!!!**
Just like Nick Clegg's support for lowering tuition fees?
Tim Farron's earned my trust more than Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn, put it that way. May seems more content on ramming mass surveillance and online censorship legislation down our throats whilst simultaneously condoning the farce that was the Leave campaign and our subsequent vote to leave the EU. The false pretences surrounding the Leave campaign's promises alone should nullify the legitimacy of Brexit support. Speaking of Brexit, the fact that she still has no plan for how we'll even proceed with Brexit over half a year later means that we're well and truly fucked. I mean, she appointed Boris Johnson as Foreign Secretary when our relationship with other world leaders will be crucial to our economic future. That's just political seppuku right there. Then there's Corbyn, who couldn't care any less about the fact that the Tories are probably going to drive us out of the EU and screw over everyone. I initially thought less about the MPs and party executives that rebelled against him, but now I think they got a really fair point. Given his u-turn on Brexit, I think he actually did want us to leave all along.
There are only two things that will survive a nuclear holocaust: La Cucaracha, and Keith Richards.
MCanning is like HuK if he actually had top 3 control.
It's because their shareholders are furiously masturbating over the mobile market.
Looks like I'm not getting a Switch after all. Premium online play is an instant deal breaker when your online network pales in comparison to the likes of Xbox LIVE and PlayStation Network. Then there's the monthly game download scheme which actually makes IndieStation Plus and its selection of subpar PS4 titles that came straight out of Devolver Digital's back-catalogue look good. You get a single NES or SNES title freely accessible for a month and then get that access revoked, which is actually worse than Sony's system of letting you keep access until your PS+ subscription lapses. And if you thought that was bad, then there's the introduction of voice chat - a staple of Xbox LIVE since its inception fifteen years ago - which will most likely not support conventional peripherals like a headset but will require you to use a complimentary smartphone app to talk with other players online. We really need SEGA to unveil a new console and make a comeback to the market; because not even the 32X, Mega CD or Saturn were as incompetently designed as Nintendo's last two consoles.
So apparently Nintendo's idea of innovation is branding a Splatoon map pack as a full-blown sequel, and charging for online play. Didn't think Nintendo of all companies would stoop this low.
As someone that hates fighting against tanks, looking at the map previews almost triggered me.
Well Mike Pence alone is a great insurance policy for Trump if he ever gets removed from power. But given the fact that we're talking about potential outside influence on the US elections here, I'd be really surprised if they don't call another election.
How would trying to improve relations with a nuclear superpower start World War III? If anything, Clinton's hardline stance would have been more likely to escalate the conflict.
Have you seen the tuition fees in the UK? Or the fact that I can't get a student loan for a second degree?
Diamonds aren't actually that rare. They're only expensive because of market manipulation and advertising.
Final Fantasy XIV.
I thought intelligence wasn't a genetic thing?
I dunno, I'd rather watch a low-resolution 20 year-old game than watch AdeptCraft II: Legacy of Adepts. And apparently most of Korea agrees with me.
I wonder if this is available in the UK.
Balance isn't the problem. SC2 is currently well-balanced. The problem is the design of each race.
Or maybe he's hanging around until the statute of limitations expires.
Up to five years imprisonment? I'm pretty sure he'd get 25 to life in the USA...
Email contact@reddit.com about it. I'm pretty sure the admins would flip if they found underage content on a pretty NSFW subreddit and knew that the mods had been ignoring reports about it.
&gt; she was too busy pissing on camera for some dude So it was a pee fetish video?
And this is why I'm thinking of revoking my Labour party membership, which is already in arrears, and joining the Greens or Liberal Democrats instead. I joined because of Corbyn, but fuck that guy if he thinks he will drag his own MPs to giving Theresa May what she wants.
This makes me want to buy a PSVita more and more just to stick it to Nintendo and its control on the handheld market.
I'm pretty sure that policy stopped long ago when Ellen Pao (and later Steve Huffman) became CEO.
**OPPAN TERRAN STYLE!!!**
&gt; Given the woeful state Labour is in FTFY. Tim Farron's not exactly 'left wing', but he's doing a great job as the representative of the 48% that voted to Remain and is actually leading a Liberal Democrat resurgence, which is quite remarkable considering the party's tarnished reputation following the coalition government. Nicola Sturgeon is hugely popular in Scotland because the SNP represent true opposition from the left. I'm pretty sure that if she fielded MPs within England, she'd snap up a lot of Labour voters too.
Again, double-standards visible from space.
I'm not the creator of that video, FYI.
It took them six years since the release of Cataclysm to give Trade Prince Gallywix a model that truly represented his gluttonous self rather than a placeholder Goblin model - despite him being the focal point of three Cataclysm zone quest lines. And I wonder why Blizzard Entertainment aren't the developer they used to be... I haven't seen a development studio go this far down the crapper since Sonic Team.
Meanwhile the creators of Streets of Rage Remake got threatened with legal action and anyone that made a Shining Force video on YouTube got copyright strikes. SEGA is far from progressive in terms of copyright enforcement.
One Revelation later: "OM NOM NOM NOM TASTY GHOSTS!!!"
MoleTrap? Diggity? Those are names I haven't heard in a *long* time. I'm really not surprised they quit after Wings of Liberty.
You know what, you're right. Wings lacked zone control, but that was only because David Kim and Dustin Browder had no fucking clue on how to design and balance siege units. The Siege Tank's 50 damage against armoured units was so weak that it was never used in TvP. Any Gateway unit alone could pretty much soft-counter the Siege Tank, making it worthless. It still saw usage in in TvZ and TvT because its burst damage and range were still sufficient enough to two-shot most units. Then Heart of the Swarm came and the Widow Mine outright replaced the Siege Tank in TvP and TvZ, because it did more reliable burst damage, was cheaper, cost less supply, took less time to burrow and fire pre-upgrade than the Siege Tank took to go into Siege Mode, could actually counter Zealots, and could actually control zones.. The Colossus was designed around being a mobile attack-move unit with little micro that could only be countered by anti-air attacks. Designing a unit to be specifically countered by anti-air attacks is flawed game design. The thing is, it could easily be redesigned to be a zone-controlling siege unit that moves very slowly and has to be microed around with a Warp Prism, like with Shuttle Reaver in BW. And I would still call WoL vastly superior to HotS and LotV. HotS was figured out even more quickly than WoL which is why every single pro game from 2013 to 2015 consisted of the same four units across every point of the game. LotV on the other hand was where Blizzard decided to take the broken, cheap, ultra-mobile and ultra-strong harassment that Medivac Afterburners granted Terran in HotS, and just give it to every other fucking race. They changed SC2 into an ultra fast-paced aggression fest where aggression is the only viable strat.
Are you kidding me? In comparison to LotV where we've been playing on the same fucking maps all year, Wings had a lot of really diverse ladder and community driven map pools that changed on a very regular basis. On top of this, it was rare that tournaments to use Blizzard maps and instead they drove from the community pool, whereas today where community maps have barely any presence in the competitive scene. A lot of these maps couldn't and wouldn't work in later expansions either. Anyone remember Antiga Shipyard in HotS or losing every single game to Blink Stalker all-ins?
That's the only reason I occasionally use Bing.
That same tendency to dodge important questions cost Michael Howard an election.
I know what will make the situation better, let's completely segregate our students by gender!
To be honest, Twitch can go fuck themselves for ignoring YandereDev. I encourage people to stream on and watch streamers on other streaming platforms like Hitbox or Afreeca.
South Park: The Stick of Truth has even worse content than Yandere Simulator and that's not banned.
Looks like Britain's fucked. Scotland was our only hope to avoid financial meltdown.
No. Not unless the rating requirement is dropped. Imagine the shitstorm if you needed to complete the latest raid on Mythic just to wear Tier 1 gear. Because this is almost exactly what they did with the replica 60 PvP gear...
The same people that think Poles should go home.
The Guardian is very much guilty of doing this too. Whenever they provide hyperlinks in their articles, it's always to another article, not a source or anything like that.
It's... **BEAUTIFUL!**
The involvement of Saudi nationals doesn't automatically make 9/11 a Saudi conspiracy. This level of tinfoil hattery is like saying the British Muslims who fled the UK to join ISIS were backed by the UK government.
I'm also surprised that Pakistan and Afghanistan aren't on that list either; given the fact that Al Qaeda and the Taliban have been operating in these countries.
If it does, at least there's Voat and Snapzu, amirite?
Needs more Doritos, MLG logos, and airhorns.
Tell everyone to stop watching it and they might.
Maybe Trump was speaking metaphorically when he said he'd make Mexico pay for the wall?
Speaking of visual style clashes, the Tron worlds in KH2 and DDD were awful.
* Why do you oppose net neutrality? * What are you planning to do to improve your abysmal service?
They probably had to be in order to keep their jobs.
Let them play 24/7 then. At least they'll burn themselves out after getting near BiS gear (by BiS I mean optimal stats, leech, titanforged to a higher item level, and containing a socket) instead of burning themselves out because RNGesus has fucked them for the 10th week in a row on item drops. I previously agreed with lockouts back when we had raid currency that could guarantee the purchase of better gear (i.e. Badges of Justice, WotLK Emblems, Valor Points) if you didn't get drops, or reforging/item upgrades when you got sub-optimal drops with shit stats, but now they've been removed in favour of RNG on top of RNG on top of RNG.
Here's a list of gaming Youtubers I find quite notable: * [Millbee](https://www.youtube.com/user/MillBeeful) - His Katawa Shoujo series was phenomenal, but sadly, he had vowed not to do another visual novel, even though his calm commentary style is very much suited to that kind of story driven game and this has made him lose a lot of viewers. This guy's still keeping a consistent upload schedule but he's only averaging a few thousand views per video upload. * [Davidangel64](https://www.youtube.com/user/davidr64yt) - This guy, otherwise known as X, was one of the first Minecraft Let's Players alongside SeaNanners and the man that originally convinced me to buy Minecraft back when it was in alpha. He's a bit like Millbee in the way that he became a one-game wonder by ditching the genre that originally made him famous and tanking viewers massively, whereas SeaNanners still clocks in about ten times as many concurrent viewers as him. * [The Gamerette](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFf17mJUvI3HeBIavX0XE9A) - I discovered her content when browsing /r/letsplay one day. She's a pretty consistent Let's Player that does quite a few obscure games on her channel. She has less than 10k subscribers and is one of those content producers that I feel deserves more of a following. * [SMG4](https://www.youtube.com/user/supermarioglitchy4) - Mainly does meme-filled SFM animations revolving around Mario (or other game characters), this guy has legitimately left me in tears laughing with some of his videos and his most popular series by far is Retarded64. * [SomeOrdinaryGamers](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ) - Mutahar pretty much has a monopoly on the whole gaming creepypasta part of YouTube and for good reason. He releases creepypasta videos, Let's Plays and even Deep Web Exploration videos on a very regular basis, and unlike content creators like Mullet Mike of TheStickyPaddle, the quality of his content hasn't declined one bit. * [NFKRZ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC19xLluI7dG093Gmw57BhHw) - He was once a staple of the /r/montageparodies community before he stopped making meme filled montages and started doing commentary videos. He tends to talk a lot about YouTube drama related stuff, but will often play games in the background while he commentates. * [Whoisthisgit](https://www.youtube.com/user/whoisthisgit) - Mainly does analysis videos on creepy bad endings, stupidly strong characters, creepy time limits, abusing Tails in Sonic the Hedgehog, and other similar series. This is someone that has gained a cult following from his videos.
THAT was Marlon Brando?
Or just give us a better version of HotS with more powerful Siege Tanks and Infestors because HotS is more fun to play than LotV.
As a Brit, I can only hope that our inevitable trade deal with the US makes up for the Single Market access we'd be losing. A lot of us didn't vote for Brexit, but xenophobia won by the look of things.
To be fair, UKIP can probably get away with saying stuff like that because I imagine that a lot of their supporters think waterboarding's an extreme sport.
We're already ruining the country by leaving a political and trade union that we're very much reliant upon, I don't see how a trade deal with Turkey would make things worse.
You're frozen? Just let it go...
Yes I do, and that's why I think our place in the EU should be maintained. There is no chance of Turkey entering the Single Market without serious reforms that Erdogan seems unwilling to focus on. Which is why I'd find it ironically hilarious if we did such a deal with Turkey, since it's the Leave Campaign that drove the lies of Turkey joining the EU in the first place.
At least it's not /r/incels.
POF is one of the worst dating sites I've ever used. I actually deleted my account due to their misandrist policies of removing features from male users, like sending private images.
Congratulations, you're now on a list.
Does this mean he'll "bomb the shit out of ISIS" like he pledged during the primaries?
Burger for yo ass.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SE6jy78tV78#t=0m33s
What? Don't you remember the days when Tony Hawk used to cruise across Los Angeles pulling off endless flip trick, revert, manual and grind combos?
But... that's really dumb... But it's so cool! **BUT IT'S SO DUMB!!!**
And it would say..... "SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT!"
In other words, take YouGov's poll with a pinch of salt because it just represents their lead in one constituency that floats between control. To be honest, I don't think Corbyn can secure power unless he can start turning Conservative safe seats to his side, which practically never happens.
I think the answer is in CGI, which is becoming easier and more accessible with the release of new tools. Other more traditional methods of animation simply take too long, which is why South Park Studios for example switched to Maya from stop-motion animation very quickly in the show's life cycle. RWBY and Knights of Sidonia at least show that decent animation is possible through CGI.
Probably RuneScape.
If he had escapes he'd be too broken for this game. Mark my words. I actually think he'd be stupidly OP in a double warrior CC heavy comp since it's pretty much about peeling everyone off him while he wrecks face.
I really think they'll do something predictable like have Goku wish back all the universes destroyed by Zeno, then they find out that Zeno didn't merely "throw a tantrum" but was trying to eradicate a greater threat. Either that or Freiza hogs the wish and becomes the next arc's villain.
How so?
I thought Neeb was all about the Adept spam?
I switched to Terran because of the sheer amount of ZvZs I was playing as Zerg. At least the Terran mirror isn't full of bullshit cheese that would result in an instant build order loss. In fact, I'm actually starting to like LotV TvT. It's a lot more like Brood War than the other 5 possible MUs are. Siege Tanks are now actually powerful and capable of holding a defensive position, there's a reliable way to thwart drops and tank contains, and both Mech and Bio are viable.
That still doesn't fill me with much confidence, because I feel like it simply won't be OSRS anymore.
Let's vote her the fuck out on the 8th.
Write about it to the press, to Ofcom, whoever.
&gt; I would put money on there being a riot if they introduced insurance companies into our public care - where possible the Doctors make the choice of care and with expensive treatments, we have a board (called 'nice') to decide if the NHS can afford it. It's already happening. There was a book co-authored by [Jeremy Hunt, the current UK health secretary](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-hunt-privatise-nhs-tories-privatising-private-insurance-market-replacement-direct-democracy-a6865306.html), where he said that he wanted the NHS to be replaced by an insurance market system and for private companies to take over hospitals. [Hunt was also responsible for contracting the management of several NHS hospitals in Surrey to Virgin Care last year.](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2012/sep/09/jeremy-hunt-virgin-hospital-deal)
First time I quit that game was when I lost a full rune armour set and DDS after getting 2-shotted in level 3 Wilderness by a ranged pure. I actually came back shortly before they brought in the wildy and free trading removal patch. This update was controversial and actually sparked a huge exodus from the game.
I really do wonder if there's anything that can be done about toxicity; because publishers like Blizzard, Riot and Valve clearly seem to not give a shit.
I liked EOC but I'd prefer it if Jagex designed a RuneScape successor around it, rather than forcibly implement ability based combat in a game that isn't even fucking designed around it.
I dunno, I like the artillery changes because I think they need to be balanced more around dealing splash damage rather than having a 1 in 32 chance of one-shotting a heavy because their aiming circle is the size of a fucking barnyard and it takes an eternity and a half to aim. What I don't like is how they changed platoons so that artillery players can't platoon up anymore.
**Final Fantasy VII:** Purchased FFVII on Steam not that long ago because I never played that game before. Around the point where after you defeat the first boss, escape and are on a train, I decide to pause the game and Alt+Tab to check something on Chrome. When I try to Alt+Tab back into the game, it's locked up and only presents me with a black screen. Around 40 minutes of progress lost. It pissed me off to the point where I haven't touched the game since. **World of WarCraft:** I quit during most of Mists of Pandaria because the community is really toxic, and the game actually decided to punish me for getting kicked out of a dungeon, by giving me a 30 minute Deserter debuff. **Final Fantasy XIV:** Haven't touched the game for almost a year because it's a fucking slog to level up and do the main story, which you have to complete all of by Level 50 if you want to access Heavensward content. Oh, and you'll have to then level to 60 and complete all the story quests of that expansion if you want to access Stormblood, unless you pay Square Enix more money for a level boost and quest completion boost of course.
That was both disgusting and hilarious at the same time.
I'll take a different approach and tell you what you **SHOULDN'T** be doing: * Antagonising or bullying them. There is little to no evidence that 'tough love' helps someone who is addicted or depressed. If anything it has the opposite effect. * Cutting them off when they try to open up to you about their problems. * Shooting them down when they try to contribute.
Expecting people to use the mute button in a team game where teamwork and communication is key is a stupid idea.
Too bad Intel's ryzen to the top...
Isn't it quite ironic that it's only Paul Dacre's Tory mouthpiece that is publishing anything about claims of Saudi links.
And ten years later, any schmuck can stand in town, hit a button, and kill the final boss of the latest raid with a group of 24 others without so much as any kind of co-ordination or strategy. I miss the days of hardcore progression raiding. Everyone's stopped raiding because there's simply no prestige left in playing WoW, since Blizzard decided to dumb down all the game's raid content for the lowest common denominator, and instead expect players to run the exact same content on four difficulties if they want a challenge. It's not like if you were a raider you got to see awesome raids like Tempest Keep, Serpentshrine Cavern and Black Temple. Now it's like you're doing Raid Finder difficulty, but the enemies hit a bit harder and you actually got to focus on the boss strategy that the in-game raid guide fucking spoils for you. And even with this much hand holding, the average player still gets everything wrong. At this point, Blizzard may as well remove lockouts entirely and just allow all players to go open season on the harder raid difficulty settings. It might actually encourage more people to raid, and remove the issue of having to commit your life around a schedule.
Nah, that would have screamed "waaaahhhhh she won't let me pull rooms of trash like a troglodyte wahhhh"
I know at least ten people at work with a PS4 and only two who picked up an XBONE. Three times more popular is a bit of an understatement.
Remember when Jagex used to care about player behaviour and when we didn't have 12 year olds screaming uncensored racial slurs in chat?
Fake. RS3's economy is so hyperinflated that no man nor woman would ever be able to afford a red partyhat.
Quality shitpost mate.
Because the BM and toxicity you experience from a typical gamer on the internet is more cancerous than stage IV melanoma.
I'll believe it when it happens
The fact that the OSRS community is reacting the same way to a LGBT event as they did to the wildy/free trade removal patched in on December 10th 2007 is fucking despicable. Kinda paints the community as massive homophobes.
Meanwhile if you play StarCraft II on the NA server and spend a few minutes in General Chat, it's somehow even more like a Klan rally.
"Wah wah mah free speech wah."
That guy is getting a pretty big turnout.
He didn't want to join the debate if Theresa May wasn't going to be there.
Then Coalition of Chaos it is. Unless the Conservatives get a narrow result and can buddy up with the DUP.
**HIGH ENERGY!!!**
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Holy fuck, that's huge.
If Corbyn's proven anything, it's that the youth do have a voice and can heavily decide the outcome of an election. It really pleases me to see the existing media losing its relevance.
Here's a way that you can make a shitload of money from the DB franchise. Dragon Ball vs Capcom. Imagine watching SSJ Goku vs Ryu, or Cell vs Mega Man.
Excellent armaments, operator. Please return - **COVERED IN BLOOD** - safe and sound.
[His manifesto](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/05/25/us/shooting-document.html) is a pretty interesting read, especially if you want to see how depraved an incel's thoughts can get.
Is this part of the RuneScape 3 Pride event?
Can a GoD hakai another GoD?
&gt; putting some limited social justice (at least promises to reduce taxes on working people) There are a lot of workers that pay next to no tax because they're hardly earning enough past the Personal Allowance.
Is it still though? I thought PlayStation overtook Xbox after the disaster that was E3 2014.
Not how I remember him when he first ended up on Root.
Stupid name, but holy shit that hardware is so good. Liquid cooled CPU? The fuck?
To look at marijuana legalisation from the opposite side, is there any scientific evidence that marijuana is actually a gateway drug to harder stuff like heroin, cocaine, PCP, LSD, etc?
Well apparently intelligence is unattractive then.
Unless Sony come out with something huge like PaRappa the Rapper 3 or Legend of Dragoon HD, Ubisoft have won E3.
Then these guys are fucking idiots because Jagex is going to sue the shit out of them.
Now that was savage.
This game looks fucking incredible. This year is going to be a massive drain on my wallet, I'm both excited and scared at the same time.
Absolutely. Mario + Rabbids looks fun, Mario Odyssey looks incredible, Breath of the Wild is getting DLC expansions and the Switch will be getting Metroid Prime 4 and a brand new Pokemon game soon.
To be fair a lot of first party GameCube and Wii titles hold up graphically even to today's standards. Nintendo are very well known for pushing the most out of their consoles.
I'd say they should bring in Shantae and Shovel Knight. Or even Lilac from Freedom Planet.
To be honest, those who care about modding need to start a boycott of Take Two Interactive. Here's a (not really comprehensive) list of all the video game IPs under their ownership: * Max Payne * Grand Theft Auto * Sid Meier's Civilization * Red Dead * WWE 2K * Mafia * NBA 2K * XCOM * Borderlands * Bully * Manhunt * Bioshock * Major League Baseball 2K * Midnight Club * The Darkness * Sid Meier's Pirates * Battleborn
"Jinx! Jinx! Jinx!" **"SHUT UP BITCH, YOU LOVE IT!"**
Wait, we're not talking about Tingle here.
I'm glad they're out of Square Enix's grasp because I'm sure the executives see their pretty decent sales figures as a colossal failure.
To be fair, horse armour wasn't really a slippery slope. I mean it was paying for an item that doubled your horse's health but any good player wouldn't even need it. My only problem with how Bethesda implemented it was that it outright replaced your horse with an armoured version when you purchased the armour, meaning that if your horse was carrying items, you'd lose them. Slippery slope is what I'd call: * On-disc DLC. There was a more recent Street Fighter game that had fighters already in the game files locked behind a paywall to then be sold as 'downloadable content.' * Pay to win. Many free to play MMOs have already gone beyond the point of no return. Allods Online once had a resurrection sickness mechanic that permanently reduced your stats every time you died, and you could only alleviate the problem through buying cash shop items. It also has quite a few stat boosting premium items too. Even more respectable MMOs like RIFT have gone down that path with stat boosting earrings which can only be earned via premium currency. The failed Battlefield Heroes game that EA released a few years back also lost many of its players after EA decided to put better weapons behind a paywall, making you literally pay for a competitive advantage. And let's not forget mobile strategy games like Clash of Clans, of which there are literally billions of them. The only way you can be competitive is by splashing out heavily on gems and using them to boost your production and research so that you can keep attacking and defending. * Always-online single player. SimCity proved this approach didn't work with a purely single-player game that had no reason to be connected to a server. However, it's slowly becoming the norm for multiplayer games. Destiny was online-only, Destiny 2 will be online-only, Diablo III was online only.
I don't really have a problem with paid mods as a concept. What I do have a problem with is how Bethesda and Valve implemented paid mods in the past by just allowing anybody to charge a price for their mod rather than seek partnership. With a lot of mods that are dependent upon other mods like SkyUI and SKSE to work, we saw first hand what would happen when framework mod creators greedily decide to paywall their mods and basically shut down the ecosystem of mods dependent upon them.
They may as well have, because the writing for that game is atrocious and no programmer in their right mind would write about their own profession in that way. Still, I'm surprised that not one programmer on the Ubisoft dev team mutinied.
I originally wrote this game off as being a dumbass idea for a crossover, but after seeing gameplay footage of it in action, I'll admit that Ubisoft are making it work. On an unrelated note, was it really necessary to subtitle the Ubisoft Milan and Ubisoft Paris developers? I get it, they have accents, but it can't be *that* hard to understand a European speaking English...
Firaxis could have teamed up with Nintendo and done an actual Mario/XCOM crossover. While not the lighthearted and family friendly approach Nintendo would have wanted, it would have been hilarious to see Mario get zombified by a Chryssalid or disintegrated with a plasma rifle.
I bought the GOTY edition on PC a few weeks ago because I got a huge nostalgic urge to revisit the game. I hardly played Oblivion that much in the past, and only really got as far as saving Kvatch, returning Joffrey to Cloud Temple and doing some Warriors Guild sidequests when I last played it on Xbox 360. Holy crap did this game age badly. A few thoughts I have on the game (mostly about the graphics): * Some of the textures look nice but others look washed out and blurry. The grass textures and skybox in particular look dated in retrospect. * There are very limited options for increasing the rendering distance of foliage (without mods), meaning that you'll still have instances where grass straight up disappears and becomes a flat texture from a few dozen yards away. * HDR lighting and anti-aliasing are mutually exclusive. Why? * No Borderless or Windowed (Fullscreen) option is quite bad for a game from 2006. This was something World of Warcraft had during the Vanilla days and that game came out in 2004. Instead, we only have the choice of Fullscreen or Windowed. Hell, Borderless wasn't even patched in to the game. * Why is the 'Ultra High' quality preset on the Options menu set to 1024x768? I get it, HD resolutions and 16:9 aspect ratios weren't much of a thing back then, but this game hardly felt future-proof. * The user interface is horrible on PC in terms of hotkey setup. When looting bodies for example, there aren't hotkeys for every action you can do, especially no 'Loot all' hotkey. Or if there was a hotkey for that, it sure as hell didn't appear in the Controls menu. * The water effects look nice, but only from up close. If you're looking at a lake or river from a distance, the reflection will look incredibly pixellated, even on maximum settings. * Having every town, city and DLC quest location unlocked as a fast travel point from the get-go completely ruins the exploration aspect of the game, especially if you're trying to rush through the story mode. * Why the fuck am I getting quest notifications about DLC content while I'm in the tutorial level? * These character models look fugly. There is just something about their shape, textures, and the wrinkles on their face that puts them straight in the uncanny valley. Even Final Fantasy X on the PS2 released back in 2001 had better looking character models with more realistic looking faces than Oblivion. * The Arena is by far the most fun sidequest in the game. It's a shame that it ends quickly in you becoming the champion and being rewarded not with the ability to enter new tournaments or defend your title against other challengers, but in fighting several weak monsters captured by the coliseum staff once a week.
So it's basically every other Assassin's Creed game, but with an ancient Egyptian theme?
Isn't this the first year that NaVi haven't been invited to TI? Shows what happens when you run an eSports team like NaVi and whine about a mediocre result to then purge your entire roster of all-star players.
I think a better idea would be to reform Britain into a federal republic where regions have greater power and freedom to set their own budgets, taxation and legislation, much like in Germany and the USA. A policy that works well in one part of the UK may not necessarily work well in another part.
It's worse than 1 notification. It's more like ten, one after the other.
And failed game designer.
Any new players that didn't do research into builds and didn't realise the elective mode option buried in the menus. It's quite a misleading UI at first glance.
I really do think we should be treating Britain First as a criminal or terrorist organisation. If you're going so far as to glorify the assault or killing of innocent Muslims, you are no better than ISIS.
We could theoretically do gene splicing by manufacturing viruses that replicate through our body and replace blocks of our DNA.
"Ohhh myyyy"
😂
At this rate I don't know who the greater of two evils are between Ubisoft and Vivendi. I don't imagine much will change if Vivendi acquires Ubisoft and I'm almost certain they wouldn't cut the sequel to a cult classic franchise especially when there's a hype train from the E3 trailer backing it up.
I think part of the problem is that they put unreleased shit into their game files. It's just asking to be datamined.
I actually think Freeza doing his own thing could work to Universe 7's advantage. Everyone will target Goku because they see him as the one responsible for putting their universes on the chopping block. Nobody else knows how evil Freeza is. Either that or he'll kill someone, then get hakai'd by the Grand Priest.
Why would you watercool something as weak and flimsy as a Raspberry Pi? Can you even overclock that thing and keep it stable?
Then they don't even need to create a new processor line, but can just starve AMD out of the market. Intel has a history of engaging in unfair competition against AMD and not getting heavily burned from it. Hell, in the more recent lawsuit, [the $1.25 billion settlement was just a fraction of Intel's quarterly profits.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Micro_Devices,_Inc._v._Intel_Corp.)
Oh no, what are they going to do? Black out their websites for a day? Because that'll sure show Congress and the FCC Chairman! No really, this day of action is going to be a dud and I'd be really surprised if the FCC and ISP oligopoly back off due to pressure from internet slacktivists. I think Maddox said it best [in his 'I hope SOPA passes' article](http://thebestpageintheuniverse.net/c.cgi?u=pass_sopa).
Then they tried several more times to push it through.
A lot of games on my list have been discounted significantly. Looks like my wallet is about to get even more fucked.
Or you could go for an Olivander reference, unzip your pants in front of her and say something about your dick like... "Oak and phoenix tailfeather. 7 inches."
Based on my four years of online dating, i can confirm that a lot of women are this judgemental and prudish.
At this rate, even if Activision transformed their trailer into a MLG montage parody, people would not take Call of Duty less seriously than they do now...
It would be hilarious if it turned out that there were parts of OpenIV's code that allowed players to manipulate the game in multiplayer.
That would make him the opposite of Hit.
"But what about Yamcha?" "What about Yamcha?"
Football would have quite a few if there weren't youth and adult divisions. Footballers also tend to retire at an early age because after their mid twenties they're past their peak.
I never thought we'd see Day9 cast a StarCraft event again, let alone a Brood War one. This really makes me want to see an international Brood War renaissance once the Remastered edition comes out.
Congrats, you've produced something as disgusting as the cumbox.
I wonder if this is photoshopped. I can't imagine a really thin woman having such a thicc ass.
Actually, Rescue Shot Bubibo was released in Europe under the name Rescue Shot and I completed the entire thing without using a light gun because I couldn't afford one at the time. It's a surprisingly decent game that came out of the same team that made Point Blank. It also has a really good soundtrack, as shown [by this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vLxKjnkwXM).
A man and a double-decker bus walk into a bar...
Why does strength have the highest requirements? I thought it was the third slowest skill to train, behind Attack and Runecrafting?
I really do think that more call center workers should unionise.
I like the fact that this guy gained a lot of views from being a wallet warrior. Reminds me of your typical Clash of Clans pro-gamer.
http://i.imgur.com/OtFnCjx.png
The fact that you were previously a manager could play to your advantage, and allow you to progress quickly within a couple of months to a team leader position. I've known people with lots of experience get bumped up to higher roles very quickly, and with the unanimous support of management. Otherwise - and this will be dependent on the company or campaign you work with - expect the following: * Low wages. Unless you're working for an insourced customer service department, or are working in a developing country where wages are dirt cheap anyway, don't expect to be paid above the minimum wage, at least when doing gruntwork. * Irate and abusive customers. It's a lot worse on the phone than in person. You will always get this regardless of how good/bad the company is, and you'll soon become desensitised to it, provided you don't take it personally. * Having to escalate your call to a supervisor frequently. Sometimes, there is very little you can do to control a call if the person on the other end doesn't like the process - no matter how much you sugar-coat it. * Favouritism. Some call centres have notoriously bad company cultures surrounding them. Generally, it's the inbound ones that frequently rack up negative reviews on Glassdoor that you need to be wary of. In these call centres, don't expect to progress, unless you've made really good friends. By the way, I would suggest avoiding outbound work like the plague unless it involves courtesy-calls and not telemarketing. * Lots of stress. This amplifies even further if you're in any kind of supervisor position like senior agent, team leader, etc.
"SUCK ME, BEAUTIFUL"
**IT'S GOOFY TIME!**
After I finish my exam tomorrow morning, I'll be picking up a copy. It's a very faithful remake of the original Crash Bandicoot trilogy, and that's all I wanted. I can only hope that Vicarious Visions will end up giving Spyro the same treatment. Maybe then I can forgive Activision for transforming one of my most beloved game series into a ploy to sell expensive plastic figurines to children; which by the way is far worse than how the franchise was treated by Universal and Vivendi. It's a bit like when Conker appeared in a Project Spark trailer; a fuck-you note from the publisher.
It can happen to anyone, even if you're using strong passwords which you change on a monthly basis and a password management system with two-factor authentication that requires you to use an external device to authorise a login attempt. It happened to my friend, whose PSN acacount got hacked a few weeks ago, with the hacker using his PayPal to purchase loads of games. While PayPal were quick to cancel the transaction after he alerted them of the hack, it took him about two hours of wrangling with PlayStation support to get his account (which had about €1000 worth of games on) unblocked.
So basically, WEN is nair.
IIRC, there was a Japanese politician that was assassinated with a katana live on air during a TV debate.
I'm very reluctant to get back into FFXIV. I haven't even reached Level 50 yet and I find it an absolute slog to go through the story quests, especially when: * The story quests that you're forced to do to unlock new zones, dungeons, trials, etc outlevel you frequently, often forcing you to FATE jump for 2/3 of a level to get enough XP to level up to the requirement of the next quest. By the way, a lot of mid level zones like Coerthas Central Highlands require groups to complete FATEs so if there's not players about, you're stuck doing repetitive levequests for a fraction of the XP. * It's often near-impossible to find groups for certain trials. I actually had to get max level players to boost me in the trials past Ifrit because nobody was queueing for them. * The game's story quests are repetitive as fuck and formulaic. All the quest lines before 50 can be boiled down into a formula. 1. You seek assistance from a leader 2. He doesn't trust you and forces you to go on all kinds of shitty fetch and 'kill x monsters' quests 3. You finally earn the assistance you should have received in the first place and go to a location. 4. The quest line concludes in a mandatory dungeon run. * The game forces you to finish the story quests to progress further. Want to do Heavensward content? Fuck you, you have to finish the 1 - 49 story quests, then complete the endgame story quests released between patches 2.0 and 2.4 just to unlock expansion content. Imagine how many subscribers World of Warcraft would haemorrhage if they forced players to finish all the quests in a previous expansion's major zones just to advance further. * For Stormblood, Square Enix are selling level and quest completion boosts, but they're sold separately, aren't packaged in any way with the expansion, and are somehow more expensive than Blizzard's Level 100 character boost in WoW...
I wasn't expecting him to be a support, let alone to have an ult that lets him shove an enemy to the other side of the map.
