OR...or maybe they're not American. Or maybe they are actually happy with their lives.
Why? I'll try to do it when I get to my pc but why? I never said low end PCs can compete with the xbone or are cheaper for equivalent performance. I said &gt;The price/performance is better on pc than Xbone if you buy a good cheap card. with the cards I mentioned &gt;270X/280X/960 Edit: changed cards, see parent Edit 2: Done! And I didn't even have to do anything thanks to various subreddits and websites. First things first I bumped the budget up to $400 to account for a 1 year Xbox Live subscription. As for your requirements: Windows 10 might be free for system builders in the future but in the meantime there's linux/piracy/Dreamspark for students/Cheap keys from ebay if you must have windows (this will add $50). A full price Windows key pushes the build over budget though sorry. You can pick up a kbam for $15 or maybe even less at Walmart. Now for the builds. [Exhibit A: $364 without KbaM and OS](http://www.reddit.com/r/CabaloftheBuildsmiths/wiki/usbuilds) [Exhibit B: $400 without KbaM and OS - website only goes down to $400](http://choosemypc.net/build/?budget=400&amp;oc=false&amp;options=) First build uses a 270, second a 270X. Reviews and benchmarks here: [1](http://www.anandtech.com/show/7503/the-amd-radeon-r9-270x-270-review-feat-asus-his/15) [2](http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/radeon-r9-270-review-benchmarks,review-32824.html) As you can see both cards can maintain at least : * 1080p 60fps high settings on BF4 (not 6 months old but I prefer using popular titles for benchmarks, it's also harder to find benchmarks for games other than the ones used by every website). * 1080p 60 fps medium settings, 45 fps high settings on Crysis 3 * 1080p 45fps high settings on Metro: Last Light * 1080p 60fps ultra quality on Bioshock Infinite * 1080p 50 fps ultra quality on Tomb Raider * 1080p 53 fps high quality on Company of Heroes 2 In conclusion we can see that although I have failed to provide a 'console killer' for the same price as a console, for just $50-$100 more (money that will be saved by not paying for live every year) you can build a pretty decent rig for 1080p 60fps at high settings.
wow seriously?
Other western developed countries. And why don't you use figures from Germany or the UK? Massive immigration yet still no police homicides. Also why the fuck are you bringing race into this? Immigrants and non whites are't guaranteed criminals you know. Why are you listing contributing factors? Are you saying you wouldn't have such high rates of police homicides without the reasons for said high rate? Well gee whiz well done Batman. No country's exactly the same.
UK did. Public voted for it after the Dunblane school shooting in 1996. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunblane_school_massacre http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowdrop_Campaign
Some people want guns*
I was aware of the fact that guns are not banned outright. You make some good points about why disarmament would be long and arduous which is why i said &gt;It's just never going to happen. Thanks for the long well thought out reply.
Those statistics are only from the USA.
Was he accepted back in? I don't remember this.
I do it to see how bad my team and squad are.
Every time a weapon stat is changed the game becomes 1% more like COD. Didn't you read the patch notes?
Literally
What dentist would remove teeth without any anesthetic?
Felt fine to me, especially when on roofs.
&gt;Unless you believe the rate should be lower YES! YES IT SHOULD!
How did you share an apartment with with 1 billion people? Because those are some massive generalisations.
This is actually why the 290X sells slightly better in northern countries.
~~constrict is a word~~ Edit: I don't know why I was arguing. Having read this thread again everything you guys say makes sense. While constricted is valid restricted IS the better term. Sorry for being confrontational. Shouldn't have argued.
Joking
3edgy5me
He's referring to what they are known as. We just call them beer.
How can you compare 1 country to 50 countries just because it's 'big'?
&gt;greatly Yeah no. They're mostly the same.
Nice generalisation. Could go the other way just as easily though. &gt;People outside of Germany are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Bremen on a map. &gt;People outside of the UK are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Surrey on a map. &gt;People outside of China are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Jilin on a map.
I know states have legal differences, I'm just saying that the differences between countries is 100x more than those.
Even bigger difference between Italy, UK, Finland, Portugal and Latvia (I'll throw in Russia and Turkey for fun too). It is fact that the differences in legal systems between states doesn't compare to the differences between countries. As for your cultural differences, states have had what 200 years to develop a unique culture? Countries have had thousands.
Mostly, yes.
6 and 12 countries. You?
Your distance doesn't make a single bloody difference. This is what a lot of Americans fail to grasp. Distance and borders doesn't mean anything when they've been changing for hundreds of years. And we have our shit together much more than the US imo. &gt; Look at the US, some states are great distances apart. And yet they can agree on some fundamental principles. Apparently not gun control, gay marriage or age of consent though. &gt;However, a couple of cops in some pretty racist parts of the US act horrible and you think it is the whole country. When and where did I say this? I have never thought that every american cop beats up random civilians for fun daily. &gt;yet in comparison they are closer together than San Francisco and Boston. Why the FUCK does the distance between them matter? &gt; IF anything Europe needs to spread a more positive culture across some of its more shitter areas. I agree. But the same applies to the entire planet.
You know you've reached the pinnacle of civilised debate when someone mentions the Nazis for no reason. Goodbye.
Like what? Have you ever even been to the UK? Or Europe? And area doesn't fucking matter.
&gt;That's like me saying Prague and Marrakesh are the same because they both have roads. It's really not
It doesn't. Just the usual murica big
Are you sure you're not just browsing new?
Best of both worlds
People can do what they want. If I paid £40 for my copy I'm gonna camp roofs with ammo boxes and Stiglas, RPG infantry, jihad jeep tanks and pretend I'm Robin Hood if that's what I want to do.
Some of us live with Scots on the border.
grammar amerifat
Worse, bagpipes and haggis
Except it was actually called association football. The assoc was shortened to form soccer while everyone else just took the association bit off.
5 seconds? Wow this bot is fast.
[/u/PlayMp1 beat you to it](http://en.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/38uqkt/found_the_brony_war_erupts_in/cryn3kq)
Double tap the Xbox button on your controller. From there you can snap apps, record video and take screenshots. Snapped apps take up a third of your screen so you can have the achievements app snapped while playing a campaign.
&gt;I've been with AMD for 4 years or so it's time to switch back to Nvidia.
That's just your opinion. I love Italian pizza and Chicago pies being called pizza disgust me.
oh god he's going to end up on XDA
I'm erect. And lucky! I' only on 5.1
thatsthejoke.png.exe.bat.dll
The mods reaction was taken out of context as well. The guy didn't post the full screenshot of his conversation.
campaign
We're halfway there
Expense? And before people call me out the upfront cost is more, you can't build an equivalent rig with Windows and peripherals for the same price.
[Positive, I already had this conversation with someone](https://en.reddit.com/r/xboxone/comments/37yoq4/how_much_different_will_the_elder_scrolls_online/crrq5wf?context=10000) Your link doesn't include OS or peripherals. And the console killer despite having none of the above is still $70 more expensive than an Xbone and 1 year of Xbox Live. I am definitely pro pc but at low budgets it's hard to just find that extra $70. Live and more expensive games aren't upfront costs so their benefits are harder to realise immediately.
Thanks for signing up for Lettuce Facts! You now will receive fun daily facts about LETTUCE! On average, Americans eat 30 pounds of lettuce every year. &lt;To cancel Daily Lettuce Facts, reply 'cancel'&gt;
There's no need to use more than one exclamation mark.
I wasn't referring to the reddit drama, I was just saying it in principle that free speech should be for everyone. I do agree with the ban though, because it was for harassment. I just meant to say that if they weren't harassing they shouldn't have been banned because the mods banned people who interrupted the circlejerk.
I'm sure they care.
Yes, I know this and I agree. I was just saying that even if they silence dissent they should still have free speech. Edit: silencing dissent: how FPH mods banned people that interrupted the circlejerk
Np and I've edited my posts for clarity.
Check out subs to help you practice your writing and read other's like /r/WritingPrompts and /r/HFY
I'd trust the chef's decision tbh because it's his restaurant and his menu. And you're not the one paying their salary, they have plenty of other customers presumably.
Yeah you can't see shit from across the ocean so why don't you shut up about continents you know nothing about and stop watching fox news
True, but looking at the populations of countries like Pakistan as an accurate representation is wrong imo, because illiterate people from poor, undeveloped countries will be more likely to be barbaric. It's hard to say how much better they would do without religion.
This always confuses me because there's more than one holiday season
No, no, no you don't understand, I have to fly as low as possible so I can show off my l33t MLG pro piloting skills weaving between hills and buildings (until I get rekt by a tank).
for you
That's all fine and dandy until you encounter the invincible trees/lampposts
Isn't a thing and never has been
&gt;Yeah but it's a fun way of ~~pointing out when someone is obviously a teen or preteen.~~ being condescending
Yeah that too. I forgot about that one
&gt;only
Hunting for dogtags in random locations isn't fun
I like the loot mechanics. Seems like the extraction requirements make looting more risky and the items more valuable. The visual indicators are a nice touch, however I'm scared we're going to have high level squads camp the extraction sites and steal everything. Are the extraction site locations dynamic?
&gt;where only the jihad-quads can (maybe) get to it. Or literally any air vehicle.
Corey?
Then the water has direct access to the SoC for even better cooling!
no, the Abrams is just 100% shit
I'm OCD about OCD being used as an adjective
If they advertised it too many people would download it and the servers would crash and Xbox Live would go down for a month and then we wouldn't be able to play Pool Nation :(
I understand, it can be hard to imagine the inflections of spoken speech. It's a question but maybe a rhetorical one.
Already was a question on the Edexcel maths exam. There was one about plants being cheaper at one store and one about whether someone could afford to tile their conservatory.
makes sense
They are the default Android emojis.
and charge your phone
Oh yeah I should definitely know this, looks so useful
I'm 45 already. :)
This is a retarded idea
Dulce et Decorum est pro patria mori
Complaining about downvotes is embarrassing and is a sure way to get even more
Have you considered ordering from Germany, specifically amazon.de?
Well they do spend multiple years making the game
vermelhopiller?
It's pathetic
&gt;UK: “Violent crime contains a wide range of offences, from minor assaults such as pushing and shoving that result in no physical harm through to serious incidents of wounding and murder. Around a half of violent incidents identified by both BCS and police statistics involve no injury to the victim.” &gt;USA: “In the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program, violent crime is composed of four offenses: murder and nonnegligent manslaughter, forcible rape, robbery, and aggravated assault. Violent crimes are defined in the UCR Program as those offenses which involve force or threat of force.” [Source](https://dispellingthemythukvsusguns.wordpress.com/)
It's not free...it's £20 a year. And it doesn't have anything to do with GwG. It's a paid subscription on top of Gold.
Alien Blue is shit, Android has multiple better alternatives.
Diversity is usually code for thugs/urban youths/black people.
sick of this
This is some shit economics analysis, there's other factors at play
Have you turned off the proprietary Nvidia hairworks? Apparently that really helps fps.
Aldi?
Bs
In the banterbus with the lads
Never, it's their RIGHT to brainwash children
It isn't
No Apple phone I've owned has had "perfectly good" battery life
You're the one taking the phrasing negatively, I didn't mean it like that
Oh, you're one of those people who likes peanut butter Oh, you're one of those people who likes marmite Oh, you're one of those people who likes orange juice with bits Oh, you're one of those people who likes physical keyboards Oh, you're one of those people who likes the colour blue Oh, you're one of those people who likes golf
Especially servers
RECKER!
Check the rules lmao
[Or the even more modern Wildcat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AgustaWestland_AW159_Wildcat)
better be running M preview :\^)
Source for the pic? Edit: [Someone pm'd me, no sound though](http://www.redtube.com/545799)
They don't want the people that take /r/MURICA seriously*. They're fine with people who can handle the banter and see through the deliberately offensive satire which quite a lot of reddit can't.
Neither have I but it is.
Or because you're surrounded by two allies and a fucking ocean.
Postman in the UK.
Guys look at the username
Moto G and Play are low specced compared to the others so I wouldn't recommend them. G4 is a very good phone, excellent camera with full manual controls, MicroSD, removable batteries, 1440p screen and quite cheap in the UK now. LG is also one of the best manufacturers when it comes to OS updates. The 5X also has an excellent camera albeit with no OIS or EIS and a fingerprint sensor which is very nice. Runs pure stock Android which many people appreciate and is updated on day 1. Can't go wrong with a Nexus when it comes to Android development. Why not the Nexus 6P though? Size? Cost? It has better specs and comes in 64 and 128GB versions if you need a lot of space. Android takes up around 9GB I think so that's around 23GB usable. Surely an iPhone user is used to that ;) I'd decide on looks and size between the 5X and the G4.
It's getting Marshmallow and the 810 and 808 were rubbish chips so no. Upgrade at the end of 2016 because all of the phones released next year will be a much bigger jump.
Much better in terms of power efficiency and performance. It won't thermal throttle nearly as bad as the 810. 40% better graphics performance. Faster LTE and Wifi. Quick charge 3. Much more than the jump from 801 to 805 or 805 to 810. It'll apparently be one of those god tier chips you can use for years.
Yes because guns are illegal in many places and are used to kill people daily.
How about you go stick your condescension up your arse? I've lived there for 12 years. I'm not some random foreigner shitting on Pakistan for fun. I speak fluent English and Urdu. The country has a 54% literacy rate so no it's clearly not most people. A third of the country can't even read or write. Why are you making things up? You statement is laughable when almost half the country can't even read or write in one language. The quality of English taught in most schools is nowhere near good enough for fluency. The average person's English is broken as fuck. There's a reason there's so many dodgy English tuition companies that basically walk people through the IELTS even though it's easy af as you say. What you're speaking about is an experience typical of the upper class. It's called anecdotal data. The we you're talking about is the 1%. This statement is a fucking joke. PS: I was referring to the "most of us" not you specifically.
Lmao you seem to be genuinely autistic.
12 comments lmfao
OK mate
Because you can't have as much geographic tribalism when everyone in the sub is the same nationality.
Leicester are second in the prem and ManU and Chelsea are shit.
It's the vast vast majority in the UK and parts of many Scandinavian countries and Germany as well from what I've heard.
Yes but what if he was white?
Their design is easily the best in the market imo. Much better than the hideous G4 or ugly S6 and iPhone 6s.
I like the blandness and minimalism and don't care about the icons because I always use icon packs.
No one in the UK afaik.
Every phone uses 2.1, it's just marketing and desperate excuses by Qualcomm.
No, that is a stereotypical war economy. The country was mobilising for a war they knew would be like no other.
Perfectly legitimate elections where opposing parties were forcibly disbanded.
At least I won't be shot
So you're the ones doing the shooting?
Don't know about PSN but Xbox Live has shit uptime.
Students? I didn't have to go in today. Mock week, study leave.
It goes down every week.
On the internet, no one knows you're a shark.
It does have a kettle...
[Clementine will remember this]
&gt;lol your an idiot &gt;your an idiot &gt;your
Anything can catch you with your 75kbps connection.
I'm just glad I play on servers with active admins.
No
Oh, I've seen that in the menus but didn't realise it was that upgrade. Thanks. I've got better armour now so should I just sell all my Kaer Morhen armour and Witcher swords?
You need to swap the brackets. It's [text](link)
It's not your aim. 5-7 bullets is how normal is balanced. It allows you to escape after being tagged and means you can retaliate before dying. BF is more of an arcadey fps.
You could try using a high damage weapon like a DMR if you value picking your shots. Sorry if I came off as rude earlier.
The country where carriers have almost complete control over which phones people buy? The same one where half the population buys iPhones and the other 49% Galaxies? This phone is not catering to the rich, if you haven't noticed. It's going to take a long time for Huawei to plan a full push into the US market, if ever. It's not really their niche. And the US is not the largest country in the world, by landmass or population. It doesn't inspire much faith in the US education system when you say things like that.
&gt;reddit &gt;hard left The only leftist thing about reddit is legalising marijuana.
Bostonian so 110% Irish
I'll go have a scrounge, thanks.
It's still ridiculously high.
Siege of Shanghai, Attack helicopter
You can do it on consoles as well dude. Advanced settings.
oxymoron
What the fuck? Does food not count as a country's cuisine if it's ingredients are imported?
This is a bit over the top...
Pretty much every random merchant sells at least a few but unfortunately the Pellar and Keira have the widest varieties.
There definitely is a line and that's kind of creepy.
A morbid fascination with death is a normal part of the human psyche.
Sorry I got /r/militaryporn confused with another sub, it does have pictures of all that. It's just that the other subs don't have pictures of people.
It is sub $200 then. The author is factually correct.
Don't know, can't predict the future can I? All I know is that capital punishment is barbaric.
I think this is a joke.
That's doxxing. Stop it.
Http://Softpower30.portland-communications.com/ranking
Wasn't this on /r/subredditdrama last week?
I didn't mean to come off as too upset, I'm not that fussed. This line is just something I find annoying.
Same in /r/android with MKBHD and PocketNow's Michael Fisher.
They expect some of us in the wreckage brother.
Stop fighting pointless wars and maybe you wouldn't die.
Why did you link it and give them ad revenue and views then?
[NHS pride intensifies]
Edit out the &gt;picked a fight and change it to something neutral like &gt;was involved in an altercation would be my advice.
Afaik joining the military is not mandatory.
&gt;quiet &gt;its &gt;whats &gt;nhs Not illiterate but not exactly good English, especially if it's his first language.
Microtransactions?
Where have I heard that before?
I didn't notice the sound but I agree about the immersion, the only reason civilians came up to you was to ask for food. Visuals were mixed.
Yes, Germanic languages are closely related to English and many words are cognates plus the grammar can be similar. Try having a look at the German section on Duolingo. I'm learning German at school as my third language and have been for two years, the only hard thing are the adjectival endings (german nouns can be masculine, feminine or neuter) and the endings for the cases (accusative, dative, nominative, genitive) which are a bitch to learn.
The loot system seemed ripe for grafting a microtransaction system on, there were weapon skins which I'm skeptical will be in game cash only.
No problem Einstein
I'm not talking about graphics, I'm talking about the co-operation and action shown in the cutscene.
They have a 720p screen.
Contrast, touch accuracy, input delay etc. One could also argue consumers prefer inaccurate screens because of the oversaturated displays of Samsung's AMOLED panels which are constantly praised.
I've never heard or seen anyone using it.
PC doesn't except on day 1. My experience before anyone pulls out their calendar.
3GB of RAM compared to 2, no fingerprint sensor, worse camera, bigger battery. &gt;Identical
Admins said it somewhere, sorry, don't have a link. Alexa seems to have everything behind a paywall so I can't check your data BTW. Also, it is estimated.
&gt;Admins said it &gt;Thin air You seem to lack reading comprehension. Since when are third party estimates better than official company figures?
Feel free to PM the admins yourself.
[Did you love it 5 months ago?](https://np.reddit.com/r/EDM/comments/3fwmck/i_hit_the_holy_grail_of_garage_sales_all_for_35/)
15 hours is like 1% of the game. That's nothing, you haven't even seen anything outside White Orchard or even learnt how to play properly yet.
Alright mate it's not a competition..I agree though.
Haha. The new houses, public bathrooms and businesses all have normal taps though.
You running Nova?
Maybe they don't want to gimp their phones by whoring out the back to Verizon logos or carrier exclusivity deals to compete for the 10 people who don't have iPhones or an S6/Note but can still afford a flagship.
Never heard an Italian call football soccer.
Technically they came over to a colony of the UK in 1617.
Since when have languages ever made sense?
PvP was boring and nothing new. I enjoyed the story mission but there was only one available. Side missions were a chore. The base was cool, I could see myself enjoying working towards fully upgrading it. Only one upgrade was available. Looked OK/ good. Unique, interesting gadgets and skills.
Dark CSS is god tier, I run night mode on every reddit app I use.
Thank you for your service o7 o7 o7
Fuck yeah, gun drama enters the arena
[The S is not a size, it's the yearly refresh because Apple now works on a tick-tock cycle with their iPhones.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_iOS_devices#iPhone) 6 | 4.7 in | 2014 6+ | 5.5 in | 2014 6s | 4.7 in | 2015 6s+ | 5.5 in | 2015 Other companies do it, Sony has the Z and Z compacts, Samsung has the S, S Edge and Note series, Motorola has the Style and the Play etc.
Swamp Germans
It was worse on the eastern front. On the eastern front you'd freeze to death as the match progressed.
A* English Language
Have you checked the sticky or tried using the search function?
Enough of a buff to counter the effect of the Defensive perk if it isn't removed.
Leicester City is top of the Premier League despite costing a fraction of Manchester United, Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool etc. And Chelsea, one of the most expensive teams was recently flirting with the relegation zone and is 14th in the league. Does/can something similar happen in the NFL?
How am I supposed to infer that? The website isn't region locked.
I'm left handed you intolerant fuck.
Sounds exactly like India tbh fam. Edit: Pajeet has organised his shitting street into a downpoo brigade.
So none then
It wouldn't be a Whatsapp /r/Android thread without this. It's like people genuinely don't realise there's no reason to switch from Whatsapp. The average person doesn't care about privacy.
I get free tea from my school.
Maybe the author should learn to write. Also, yes.
I'd just like to point out the usual estimate for the girl's age is 9-12 and the age has never been verified to a reasonable historical accuracy. She might have been a tall 8yo or an undeveloped 13yo.
Because you're not supposed to use cars in London. It and the country has an extensive bus and train network with much cheaper tickets than owning a car. VAT is 20%.
This coming from the country with jaywalking.
They're making an example of the market leader.
It's okay because we're the good guys and they're the bad guys.
Where?
No Virgin?
Cities always expand, people said this about London in the 17th century.
No I don't think this is very common.
Say that to Vardy's face mate.
[It's up now.](https://en.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/41n2fj/predator_and_prey_iii/)
Asians and Australians say university as well.
No it isn't, people in Asia and Australia say university as well.
Anecdotal data?
Whether it's more meaningful depends on the sort of person you are. I'd like this experience as a holiday but I don't consider a life of just surviving meaningful at all. Our current society allows people to work full time as writers, artists, musicians and scientists. New media and scientific progress makes life meaningful imo. These would be rarer in the story's universe I think.
Depends on location obviously but no it's usually a couple of weeks to a month. Never heard of someone waiting for more than six weeks. Either propaganda from Fox news or referring to some one of a kind extremely busy world leading specialist. Emergencies are just as quick as anywhere else.
You can do it through the game by clicking a button in the character menu, on Xbox it's RT or you can do it through Steam, GOG, Xbox etc which afaik measure idling time.
&gt;most people in America hardly ever talk about the UK That explains why there was a 5000 comment thread about the UK on /r/worldnews then. What is it with Americans and these fucking retarded familial analogies as well, they make me physically recoil.
&gt;our comment sections This is a public website with an international user base. &gt;anti-American bullshit Don't cry about criticism please, Americans dish it out daily and there's nothing wrong with it. I thought you yanks loved your free speech! &gt; It'd be one thing if most of the criticism was over important matters, but much of it is over trivial nonsense. 2016. Getting this upset over banter.
How am I angry or being a douchebag?
Why?
It's not supposed to be a developer device. It's supposed to be the best Android device possible. If it was a developer device why would they advertise it on TV and on massive billboards in cities?
It's not rude.
&gt;Yet, every one on reddit that isn't American seems to love giving political advice to the United States. &gt;&gt;Oh, you crazy people love your guns and don't have good healthcare yet! True, but it's motivated by sympathy, latest mass shooting&gt;consider less guns, latest pictures of $10000 medical bill&gt;consider public healthcare. Completely different issues tbh, people are dying. Do you see anything like this for regional elections or parking laws? What also doesn't help is Americans saying the exact same thing and asking for our input and making comparisons to European countries, we are invited to the discussion, non Scots weren't invited to their discussion. &gt;&gt;Oh, you all need to polluting so much and start worrying about public transport Are you trying to suggest pollution isn't a global problem? Does US pollution stay inside the US? Pollution is bad isn't targeted specifically at the US, it's a global problem that effects everyone. Public transport, once again a completely different thing, not comparable at all. This is like when Americans complain about paying for public toilets, which is a valid complaint they have the right to express. Nothing like an independence referendum. &gt;The list really goes on and on, but you get me. Yh, completely different situations.
Liberating*
I don't even care, I just feel sorry for the friends and family of those who die in statistical anomalies.
But Battlefront is a multiplayer only game, how can you complete it?
Are we going to be on /r/subredditdrama? Oh joy!
I think even CoD campaigns beat Twilight tbh. It's awful. I also enjoyed the Price and Soap saga a lot more than historical scavenger hunt with masochist albino.
In what way? Britain had large scale immigration after WW2.
I despise pun threads.
No one said that. Also, than*
Games that work better on Linux --- Kerbal Space Program!
Cinnamon is a social construct.
Good, and it's found all over the UK, not just in England.
No /Uj The default Cyanogenmod music app is lovely. Lacks features though.
iOS is smoother but things take longer. On Android I changed animation scale to 0.75x but I can't do that on iOS.
Have you seen a doctor about your butthurt?
You say that like post occupation Germany bares any resemblance to pre WW2 Germany.
Fucking hell mate get over yourself, it's a news article.
It's racist central after /r/coontown got shut down.
My experience doesn't match yours.
Do you mean Romance or Germanic languages?
They're both averages, am I missing something? Is it not? So why have you used average and mean interchangeably?
Just do it overnight.
Mods he's stealing my comment!
The burden of proof is on you.
Filthy Linuxes
Why? Who's going to do anything over app reviews? My name is associated with many reviews, nothing has ever happened to me.
Please tell me that was thrown out of court
It's got the cross already.
There always has to be that one cunt.
What an inane comparison, it's a completely different platform.
Can we ban r/news and r/worldnews? They're just not funny.
Ok
It wasn't war veterans, it was regular people whose government was using nationalism to draw attention away from corruption and the shit state of their country before elections. And it's really not that offensive.
Here we go generalising. Has it occurred to you some people subscribe to SRD for the content and not the ideology?
&gt;Do handicap kids really want to play with handicap toys? Yes. Everyone wants to see themselves represented. Why do you think character customisation exists in videogames? And why so many books are written with bland, average characters anyone can identify with?
It's a cosmetic setting that does jack shit. Can be disabled with RES on desktop and doesn't exist on mobile apps.
Character stats and loot are probably synced to game servers.
I don't care because it's their sub and they can do what they want. I'm not subbed to subs with mods I don't like. Mod manipulation could only improve the defaults anyway.
That's a fork of Firefox right? Can it not use Ff extensions?
Gay as sin.
Explain this common sense.
ChristopherColumbus.png
No, because they're made of different materials. Usually visible brick or stone with crenellations or other such ornamentation.
It doesn't look terrible without context, it just doesn't fit in. A house with the same architectural style was built in my town recently and fits in perfectly.
&gt;an true
America in a nutshell.
There's Moto apps built in as well.
It's wrong but this is the new meaning of the word.
Yes. You can change the notification bar.
It lacks the humour required to be a joke.
The UK version is fucking shit.
Except private companies exist only to make a profit. The government has much less incentive to unfairly deny claims. &gt;It happens all the time in canada/britain. I live in Britain and have only heard people being denied cosmetic procedures, nothing like the experiences of Americans who find themselves being denied because of prior conditions or unfair policies. Have you got a source that isn't just anecdotes?
Unfortunately there is very little chance of the US getting anything close to the UK/Canadian systems. Sanders will get blocked by opponents at every vote if he gets elected.
I don't care what you do. Wallet? Pocket?
&gt;See Cyanogenmod.org, lots of ROMs for Samsung devices, but only a few for Xiaomi devices. This can prove that Xiaomi devices are not accepted by the world at all. No it doesn't. &gt; By the way, Xiaomi is a Chinese company, like Baidu, which built adware into ES File Explorer recently. Chinese companies have made lots of users disappointed, so it's impossible for Xiaomi to go abroad. Bigotry
k
No it's not. [Galaxy S7 is £445.](https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B01C5OIINY/ref=s9_simh_gw_g107_i6_r?pf_rd_m=A3P5ROKL5A1OLE&amp;pf_rd_s=desktop-4&amp;pf_rd_r=K062TJ5QRFNTY2FJHW2Y&amp;pf_rd_t=36701&amp;pf_rd_p=867551687&amp;pf_rd_i=desktop) [LG G5 is £500.](https://www.amazon.co.uk/LG-G5-32-SIM-Free-Smartphone/dp/B01CDZYXXE/ref=sr_1_4?s=electronics&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1464793910&amp;sr=1-4&amp;keywords=lg+g5) [HTC 10 is £550.](https://www.amazon.co.uk/HTC-10-SIM-Free-Smartphone-Carbon/dp/B01DO2NKPC/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1464793968&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=htc+10)
Not really anything new but I suppose this does have to be mentioned every time OnePlus is posted. Ty for the explanation.
I know
The consumer doesn't care. They're buying from whereever's cheaper.
[When did your country suffer a guerilla war that saw innocent civilians die for thirty years?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Troubles?wprov=sfla1) Your War in Terror was really successful though, it's good to see Afghanistan so safe and all the terrorists in the world eliminated. I'm sure Syria is extremely grateful.
Ah you think modding is your ally? You merely adopted the mods. I was born in it, molded by it.
These are pure facts not opinions. I've cited my sources. Where are yours?
Cortana does not have nearly the same amount of features as Google Now. It's funny how terrible it still is but I keep it activated on my laptop to monitor it's progress.
What integration does Cortana have? Never noticed anything specifically tied to 10.
You can do that with a variety of other apps and services. I use Pushbullet. Or do you mean from a Windows Phone?
36% of the vote for 100% of the power. Fuck FPTP.
To the gulag with you bourgeoisie scum.
Playing an amazing new game for a week then not being able to for a year sounds like hell.
A console requires updates as well. Video settings are set automatically.
Not for me but ok
\&gt;mfw you bought a Windows Phone 😂 Enjoy your plethora of apps
Google Play Music has better recommendations and offers storage for 50k of your own songs plus YouTube Red if you're in the US.
So am I not allowed to discuss the impact it has on the majority as opposed to the niche users on this sub?
He obviously is speaking for himself.
I've heard WP does at least have good reddit apps.
It's not an action game so I don't know what you mean by exciting. What do you want? A pivotal moment in the story? A hard fight? Explosions? Romance?
How will they be made aware? This is what I actually wanted to discuss. How will Microsoft draw people away from Google? What will be the push to make people install Cortana on their phone?
Can't believe people nurse grudges for Destiny, it's been a year and a half.
Not just the Mercator projection, probably that stupid picture of Texas overlaid on France and Germany because North, East, and South Europe don't real.
Clap
Yes she can, her new pose is sexy. The old one didn't fit her.
You've never had games crash on console? I've had pretty much every one of my games crash on console at some point. It's not common on either platform though, at least for me.
[Not really](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/48fafz/25k_subscribers_celebratory_survey_the_results/) Plurality but not the majority, 26%
11% American lol
I don't think it makes that much of a difference to accuracy is my opinion. And it makes you a casual because TV's have low refresh rates and high input lag and response times. If you wanted to be even semi competitive you'd use a monitor. Sitting far away from the screen means you're less likely to notice stuff because the screen takes up less of your view. &gt;Man your really an elitist huh? Nowhere did I imply being a casual is a bad thing. Just wanted to highlight the disparity of someone complaining about accuracy who games from his couch. You're btw.
&gt;srs biznis &gt;srs Exposed shill
I liked the beta but I didn't buy the game because I only play one FPS at a time otherwise the different sensitivities make me play worse.
He's merely mimicking us yuropoors.
Never seen that but you could always try r/cabalofthebuildsmiths
&gt;Apple Maps users are more likely to use a car when Android users will be using transit. How do you come to this conclusion? Also, why are you treating Android users and Google Maps users as if they are the same thing? There's a very large number of iOS Google Maps users as well.
&gt;yeah two countries in europe have powerful militaries France and the UK. [Actually Germany and Italy are in the top 10 and Spain, Greece and Sweden are in the top 30 as well.](http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp) &gt;How far would russia have to advance before they're willing to fight [NATO Article 5](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/North_Atlantic_Treaty#Article_5)
The game runs like shit on PC as well so not sure what your point was.
&gt;Article 5 of the North Atlantic treaty, requiring member states to come to the aid of any member state subject to an armed attack, was invoked for the first and only time after the September 11 attacks, after which troops were deployed to Afghanistan under the NATO-led ISAF. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NATO
How thick can you be? I gave you easily enough info to work that out. Look at the list I linked, how many countries spend $56 billion? Only one, the UK. This is what I call logic.
What device and software version?
Many conservatives don't identify with Trump at all, especially in countries where the political spectrum is different.
Nice source
So you can't understand people not wanting to waste time commuting?
Yes it is but in the case that he hasn't why are so many people sitting here whinging instead of simply looking it up?
Lol, just note the graphics quality
I don't think digital codes are region locked. u/jeffkeff u/mdmatze
He doesn't care about downvotes bro
The source for this &gt;Very few that play this series go in for graphics. Preferably a poll or study by a reputable source otherwise it's just conjecture. &gt;None of their marketing described lush or amazing landscapes, detailed environments, etc. Their trailers emphasised graphics, there was explicitly a scene where a glass storefront had actual reflections which is quite impressive but this never materialised.
Yeah but on the whole there's more to do in a city. On average most jobs are in cities which is why most of the population lives in urban areas.
No. 23 would be fantastic for board game storage. No. 43 has to be made by some random Chinese company No. 48 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) No. 58 needs to go on the sidebar No. 78 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) No. 115 is cool
Can you take a break from your time travelling to tell me whether Dany gets to Westeros by the end of this season?
By we I meant all the people in the thread yesterday, not every single person on this forum. What made you think I'm speaking for everyone? As for the other point I meant to write gameplay* doesn't matter at the end.
&gt;you think make up the majority? Where did I say we made up the majority? And how is it a circle jerk? So basically you have no source.
I said some people care, my evidence is that thread.
Well yeah that's what you'd expect. Executives will only buy flagships and you're in America so that rules out pretty much everyone except Samsung and Apple.
Ticket prices
Geraffe
[Zip Aligned][Deodexed]
They don't but nothing's forcing you to keep using Twitter.
That doesn't really matter. The post asked for an area that lacked a truly great app, the fact that an app is not popular in your area is irrelevant.
A boycott is when you stop using the service or buying the product, it's nothing like a boycott.
Mate I'll join you Fuck you ludicrous display and rocket league wankers as well!
&gt;now everybody is going to cry about it going back the other way. I'm fine with this because it doesn't affect me.
Guess who just confirmed it? Major Nelson. Fool.
Because Doctor Who is a TV show filmed in real life using actual people and locations. Considering the BBC was based in London, the actors were British and the show was produced in London there was a limit to how many locations they could travel to regularly just to film a 60min episode. Also consider the BBC has a limited budget and would need to pay for the cast, crew and equipment plus travel, accommodation and food, once again for a 60min episode. Video games don't have that limitation.
What do you mean by total size?
&gt;reddit &gt;left wing http://i.imgur.com/LBAxNPt.gifv
LRN TO SEARCH NOOB, THIS WAS ALREADY MENTIONED ON PAGE 247
True but most AAA games aren't based on the dev's location. Many devs do fly to somewhere to take reference pictures. DICE Stockholm went to Iceland for SW Battlefront, CD Projekt RED went to Ireland and Scotland for Witcher 3, presumably Rockstar North went to Los Angeles for GTA V. Assassin's Creed is made in Montreal but Syndicate was set in London and Unity in Paris. The Division is set in New York but Massive are based in Malmo, Sweden.
They've fixed those. I don't know how the performance will be in the future but as of now it's pretty fast.
Is this not common? My car isn't even one of those fancy ones with an inbuilt media centre and gps, just has a regular CD player and radio.
African American...
Inventing (languages aren't invented smh) English is actually relevant though (this time) because he was correcting English spelling.
I just used to put the cassette in the cassette player.
[Average age of cars in the UK is 8 years.](http://www.statista.com/statistics/299951/average-age-of-cars-on-the-road-in-the-united-kingdom/)
WhatsApp has more than a billion.
He didn't say a thing about the viability of such ideas, just corrected you on one aspect of your argument.
I know, I was just putting his million user claim into perspective.
Impossible that someone doesn't have it where I am.
Cross platform
Z3 was a beast
[Click on my points](http://i.imgur.com/dX2y2mP.png)
That's pretty stupid
Apparently it's never enforced but yes
If they have fake docs isn't it the same for every country then?
Trump is a racist mate
It's hard to actually pin down what he actually believes in because he changes his stance so much but building a border wall and making Mexico pay for it, his comments on illegal immigrants where 'some' he assumes are good people and temporary ban on Muslims without any elaboration on how to distinguish a Muslim. He's not as racist as some of his supporters but I think he does pander to them.
&gt;Where is the big bad murdering, raping extremist group of Christian nutters though? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord%27s_Resistance_Army &gt;Our worst group holds picket signs... Their worst group commits unspeakable horrors on a daily basis. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders_Behring_Breivik Killed 77 people &gt;The manifesto states its author is "100 percent Christian", but he is not "excessively religious"
I don't like FPTP
How have I refused to see Islam's faults? Quote the comment where I said Islam does nothing wrong please.
Yeah there's no way something this big would get through Congress.
[The EU system explained.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File%3APolitical_System_of_the_European_Union.svg?wprov=sfla1) Considering they don't have a House of Lords I would say they are more democratic than Westminster. And the refugee crisis isn't solely an EU problem, it's also caused by national government policy. Afaik the EU doesn't tell countries how many refugees to take in, otherwise how can you explain the discrepancy between how many Sweden and Germany take in and how many Portugal and the UK take in? Germany could always deny asylum. They can reach other countries because of free movement but the root cause are the countries that accept them and give them citizenship.
Agree we reading the same thread? How did I randomly bring it up? It was completely relevant because [this guy mentioned it first.](http://www.reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/4niiof/-/d44jcnr) I didn't say anything about Islam because I didn't see a need to argue that. And you haven't answered my question, provide evidence of your claim that I refuse to see Islam's faults. "Nobody was talking about it" lol, try actually reading the thread.
So he does have power?
The problem is you can't pick and choose. If you want the Play Store you have to have Maps, Chrome, Books, Movies, Music, Newsstand and others as well. That's unfair on every competitor like Firefox who can't bundle their stuff in because they don't have the leverage Google does.
Why don't you just do [this](https://www.battlefield.com/squads?utm_campaign=bf1_hd_ww_ic_soco_twt_stone-squads-celeb-announce-6112016&amp;utm)?
It's this []()
Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay...?
Tfw you can't code
What the fuck mind of shit logic is this?
Everyone I know does. Family, friends, old, young, Android, iOS, everyone. Surrey here.
That's £239, €302, 461 AUD and 434 CAD. £287 with VAT.
Couldn't you do this with just any reddit app?
It's primitive Spongebob you fucking idiot, I didn't work my way up the Spongebob wiki ranks for this sort of amateur memery.
These are French, English and Russian fans.
Another American mass shooting happened in Orlando and suspicions the guy might have been Muslim lead to mods deleting almost every comment, question is whether they were removing the usual racist shitposts caused by the_donald brigades and the default crowd or censoring the info he was Muslim. If you use archive sites they're deleting a shit ton of racism and off topic brigading but also unrelated stuff like people posting info about where to donate blood. I've heard rumours 6 of the /r/news mods are Muslim, not sure how credible this report is.
&gt;A PC game looks damn near identical at low to high, What sort of games have you been playing?
Source for Azure being the best?
Not true for BF4.
I don't need to because I've witnessed the differences first hand. You didn't answer my question nor provide any more comparisons btw.
I see the M416, SCAR, AEK, ARX160, Bulldog and SAR 21 regularly. I see the M416 more in fact. The ACE 23 is the jack of all trades though, it's a very easy to use weapon which makes it popular when you just want to dominate. Same with M416.
Why do they mock safe spaces then?
&gt;I can't pick less so why not use it SMS is a shit system? No read receipts, no rich previews, worse group media.
Blackberry failed years ago, the Priv was irrelevant.
No source then? No sales reports, just anecdotes? Stop taking shit.
There was an hour of gameplay. 3 full length 64 player conquest matches were livestreamed. You must have missed it.
You have no facts. Manufacturer lineups only show what manufacturers make not how much they sell of each. Also tired meme, Vardy hasn't even played in the Euros yet and England drew against Russia.
10 cents per karma point
Enterprise has built in options to disable the Windows 10 update.
Thanks! This is very interesting, although these figures are so much less detailed for countries that aren't the US. I didn't think about it but it makes sense that everyone who wants an HDTV already has one considering how long they've been around. &gt;can't seem to use the internet, let me google that for you. It's up to the guy making the claim to cite it lol.
They're not comparable in terms of democracy either. The Commission President is proposed by the European Council and elected by the European Parliament which itself is democratically elected. The Council appoints the rest of the Commission with the President but this 28 member group has to be approved by the Parliament. It's a representative democracy that's less direct with more layers.
Because Android Pay just become available in more than 1 country.
I got my bank to text me weekly balance updates so I can feel less lonely but also poor.
I'm guessing it's because it diminishes the value of skill as a requirement for fame and success.
And r/uncensorednews soon no doubt
Aren't most US mass shootings white Christian males?
Child rape rare in the EU? Are you joking? Heard of Rolf Harris? Jimmy Saville?
Bud how do you know you're getting the first shot?
Mexican cartels smuggle weapons from the US to Mexico.
Diversity isn't solely tied to race you racist
Where did he say the shooter used an automatic weapon? He posed a hypothetical.
When you get accused of this so much you have a defence pasta
That had me until anyways. Excellent pasta.
Better than murder.
Lol in what world? You're not top 20 in FIFA rankings nor ELO rankings. You've never won a World Cup. In 2014 you beat Ghana, drew Portugal and lost to Germany and were then knocked out by Belgium. MLS quality of play and talent is nowhere near Bundesliga, PL or Serie as evidenced by it being a retirement league and no South American or European top tier league signing Americans in any significant quantity. So top 15 how exactly? Even in the Americas I'd rate Mexico, Colombia, Argentina and Uruguay over the US any day to say nothing of a full Brazil squad.
I don't think you understand reddit meetups. There's probably 20 people in that picture with a reddit account.
Lol tell that to nlpcollectorwakelock or the mobile radio drain bug.
So why is your judicial system allowed to murder people when ordinary people aren't?
The French have one of the best records for victory in conflicts but don't let facts interrupt this tired meme.
&gt;You're under the impression that the United States just throws around capital punishment like it's no big deal No you seem to be strawmanning. I didn't say anything like that. All I said that it was legal. Is it federally legal? Yes? OK. And your figures are 100% wrong. &gt; People can receive the death penalty in the United States in 31 of the 50 states. Wrong, it's 32. &gt;Since the 1950's, the United States has executed 13 criminals. 3 criminals since 1963. Where the hell are you getting those figures from? Wrong. &gt;There were no executions in the entire country between 1967 and 1977. In 1972, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down capital punishment statutes in Furman v. Georgia, reducing all death sentences pending at the time to life imprisonment. &gt;Subsequently, a majority of states passed new death penalty statutes, and the court affirmed the legality of capital punishment in the 1976 case Gregg v. Georgia. **Since then, more than 1,400 offenders have been executed, including 28 in 2015.** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_punishment_in_the_United_States http://people.smu.edu/rhalperi/summary.html http://time.com/deathpenalty/ &gt;You're under the impression that the United States just throws around capital punishment like it's no big deal, but that couldn't be further from the truth. You sure about that mate?
You 100% know that any new AAA Vietnam game is going to play it off like the US won. It's going to be flag decked MW2 instead of Spec Ops:The Line to pander to 15yo Americans who need a clear winner.
What gives 12 men the right to take a life but not 1?
What? &gt;To whitewash is a metaphor meaning "to gloss over or cover up vices, crimes or scandals or to exonerate by means of a perfunctory investigation or through biased presentation of data". Are you implying Vietnam isn't whitewashed in the media?
Any games though? Recent movies? Because I highly doubt the stuff you see in good books and documentaries will end up in games.
What? Halo 4 and 5 were full of tropes. Same with BF4 which had zero development. Wow, no one saw that double agent thing coming. Pac and Irish were yes men all the way through.
So 1 man then? The judge? Lol keep trying to justify something that's been outlawed in the judicial systems of 50 other countries though.
Lol where did I say it has tangible value? I'm fully aware it's worthless. I got mine contributing to subs I like. People liked what I said, what's wrong with that? The reason I mentioned yours is because it (and the lack of a trophy) shows that it might be a new account or alt.
Great game, set up a good story in MW2
It's not a 4. I'm not talking about euros or dollars. I'm talking about £309.
Every time the UK comes up people shitpost about tea and wildly exaggerate our accents.
The probabilities aren't even though.
Hesitant to believe them considering how sites like The Verge and people like MKBHD and Linus have used the device for a week without issues. Dud device maybe?
No it isn't. ACs transfer heat from inside to outside. What you're describing is how fans work.
I feel like us Brits and Aussies are pissing ourselves, excellent.
Have you not got internet where you're from? Because I do and I'm in the UK.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_England_riots#Suggested_contributory_factors
Basically binding, shit's going to go down if the government reneges on the result.
×10^3
This happened before when Olly died, I don't know why people still browse r/all expecting no spoilers. It's like me going on Twitter and being angry at seeing spoilers in the trends or moments.
?
Leave this sort of stupid comeback to the Americans please.
Those aren't mutually exclusive though. More is better but that doesn't mean you can have infinite battery.
Are you trying to imply adding RAM is in any way comparable to adding battery? The cost and engineering is probably very different.
How come you're still living in Australia then?
Sharpening the pitchfork as we speak.
It's nice of them to do this even though they didn't have to.
Itwasonlyajoke.jpg
Robots don't get paid. That means no taxes to pay for pensions, schools and healthcare. When we end up with an inverted population pyramid where is the money for funding pensioners going to come from?
No, does it have more Gwent cards? Been feeling a bit sad because I beat everyone in the main game, got all the cards but hard difficulty is too easy. More Gwent and harder enemies would be great when I get the DLC's.
Not to the same degree, no.
Long road to B&amp;W, I'm still doing Final Preparations.
No, I always knew it was going to be too close.
I've noticed you often write your instead of you're.
Bale&gt;Payet/KDB&gt;Morata/Fabregas
THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE IS FOR ENGLISH PEOPLE. GO BACK TO MUSLAMISTAN. We're not part of your shit reddit union anymore.
YouTube is awful for longform content. Every YouTuber that makes long, high effort videos has a patreon.
I see queues and cars stopping for pedestrians daily. How have we lost this?
How is android horrible?
I'm Remain but this is embarrassingly hilarious. Pointless whinging.
More users means a greater chance someone you know is using it.
Anti american circlejerk
Yeah, just find it funny. In the UK it's all done online with transfers. Big surprise when I first visited.
No one cares about women's football.
So Messi and Ronaldo are overrated?
No it doesn't
Wow! How did you manage to confirm that?
Super good upkeep earlier this year.
Nothing's forcing you to eat halal meat. All the supermarket's have non halal ranges. Same with many restaurants. It's available because there's a market for it, same as cigarettes. What's wrong with it anyway? It's not contaminated or anything, just slaughtered differently. We should be supporting local businesses like halal butcher's, decent meat and they can prepare it how you like. Is it the things about animal cruelty? Because apparently 88% of halal animals slaughtered in the UK are stunned before having their throat slit (saw a study on r/unitedkingdom yesterday, will see if I can find it later) but more relevantly if you're worried about animal cruelty why are you eating meat at all? Vast majority of meat in the UK is from battery farming in terrible conditions.
Lol what?
If you believe we're staying in the EEA with some sort of special deal that excludes free movement, yes, you lack critical thinking.
&gt;In most cases OP can edit it to be clearer and less alarmist
Are you sick of experts though?
The /r/The_Donald users are sick of experts and facts.
&gt;Yeah you weren't allowed to write or create anything against the government, poli sci is hardly a real science though. You could try and create new fuel sources or do actual science all day. You know, actual science. Clearly you're a very reasonable fellow, thanks for saving me a lot of time. I also love the lack of citations.
I didn't say anything about socialism, we were talking about communism imbecile.
The sky is overrated
I really want the EU research funding.
