Really over cooked spaghetti. Not even the decency to be al dente.
Wearing clothes backwards. *shakes head apologetically*
When I'm physically tired I fall sleep so quickly. I do exercise in the morning. Stay up and active until my body tells me I'm tired. Have a long warm shower, snuggle under the duvet, reddit for a bit, then I'm out!
Did you know, looking up on a surfer on a board, as a shark would see you, a surfer looks pretty similar to a seal, or a turtle. Edit [see] (http://adventure.howstuffworks.com/shark-attack.htm) So, if it's any consolation, them eating you would probably be a misunderstanding.
The fact that I live on the other side of the world from where I was born, but can be back there in less than a day, have friends and travel all over the world, and at the push of a button have a free video call with anyone in the world that has a connection. We are so amazingly connected, it's mind blowing.
Reddit is addictive.
I don't even know what Comcast is.
I live in Vietnam. Have western sized feet. My shoes are imported. 3.5 million dong on average. But they're good shoes. Anything cheaper is generally terrible for your feet. ( when I lived in Canada too ) Shoes are an investment in your feets happiness!
All this talk of smells of your SO. Ugh. I'm single. Vanilla.
I seise to exist.
Such a fantastic author.
Is this really a thing? I had know idea! Next time I go to the theatre I'll have my eyes on you. :-)
I think having an Asian fetish is ridiculous, and not appropriate, but I have a height thing. I prefer tall men. Mines not so extreme though. I know men who WILL NOT consider non Asian women, and it infuriorates me. But I might infuriorate short men. Edit an s
Despite their craziness?
Use public transport. Have quick showers, not big long ones. ^^I'm ^^terrible ^^at ^^this ^^one. Use biodegradable cleaning products. Buy local produce/ shop at markets. Turn off lights when you leave a room. Limit meat intake.^^but...bacon. Tap water drinkers, keep a jug in the fridge. Don't run it to get it cold.
I'm going to open a pancake cafe ( flour, milk, eggs, baking soda) specializing in fancy pancake art, by using a squeezable bottle to make shapes while pouring it. As the chef, I won't use the topping, but syrup, fruit, and jams will be available at your table, if reddit allows.
We don't need no water let the mother fucker burn. Burn, mother fucker, burn.
Or along a similar vein... I'd like to teach the world to sing...
Don't hump people's legs.
Good makeup. Mascara in particular. Jesus H Christ, it cannot cost that much to make.
I had a motorcycle with that name once.
I'm not usually attracted to people I can't have a conversation with, so, yeah, in my case it's usually just them not being 'into me like in any way.' ^^good ^^times.
I know. I'm in the middle of trying to figure out why I don't think I deserve to be happy. Avoiding the hurt taking risks *might* bring, but...ensuring hurt anyways. Thanks brain.
Is the 'hey' an expression of interest? Because if it is, you lost me there. :-p
I'd open this restaurant!
Hey sexy.
Sorry, man.
Yep, agreed. Not easy to do, but... I am actually working on this.
Thanks!
I most likely live on the very opposite side of the world as you.
Thanks. It's funny ( but not really, at all) that I literally have to practice telling myself this... You deserve to be happy. One day, I'll believe it, I swear.
They'd be better with vanilla extract and sugar for sure, and I wasn't counting the oil. But they'd still be very good, IMO. If you don't want my pancakes, don't come!
That's not how this works! lol. Ok, I'll indulge you... Where are you? Is it nice? Sell it to me! I see you are ten minutes to downtown. What town?
I feel deceived! Do you live in the middle of nowhere?
Lies! He sent no number!
Indeed.
Maybe if you pretend to not be attracted to me, and I pretend to not be attracted to you... It will work out somehow. Well get past the sabotaging ourselves stage, with the relationship intact!
So I guess the last point doesn't apply to you!
Can't you just tell me what to do about it?
So you can judge me based on my appearance? I'm not bad looking. And I am a really good person.
Unfortunately, yeah, it's totally apt.
A restaurant is what it would be! You're right though, if the toppings aren't allowed on top of my four ingredients, I'd skip the baking soda, and replace it with Nutella.
Ok then.
Indeed!
So far, I am not sold.
I don't fit nicely into any of those boxes, and I have no childhood abuse or traumas or anything that would warrant them. Mainly, I think it's just due to me unconsciously not thinking I'm good enough for some reason. I have lots of friends, I am a good person, people like me. I don't know why I do it. Anyways, thanks for the insight. It's interesting.
Highly Overrated.
Lol. Ha. If you send it, I totally won't call.
;-)
Water polo. Get naked in the pool, yo. Fit men treading water naked? Yes please!
Sounds delicious.
Indifference is soooo hot! Lol.
And happy cake day to you too, when the time comes!
It will happen. It will. Just don't stop going out and meeting people, and putting yourself out there. Be you, and be happy, and you will attract the right people, and plenty of potential partners. It will be ok.
I just had a dinner party, and I made a roast leg of lamb, roast veg, and chocolate brownies. Looking around a room full of other people happy, and laughing together and full of my food makes me so happy. Smiles every time! Edit: Lots of other little things too... Children's giggles Sunsets Thunder and lightning A freshly washed floor A glass of red wine Manicures and pedicures Someone else doing my ironing A cup of coffee Feeling pretty A perfect hit in tennis, when the thwack sound is just right Freshly washed sheets Bubble baths A good book.
Happy Birthday
Life is for living.
My hometown in British Columbia is famous for hunting. The biggest mountain goat that was ever hunted in the world that was recorded was in the mountains outside my town.
I saw Jude Law once while walking in Primrose Hill. He is such a beautiful man. Naturally, I looked down when I walked by! :-/
Take quick picture and go back inside.
She lied to me and betrayed me about having feelings for the guy I also had feelings for. Feigning support while pursuing him behind my back.
Don't lie. A truth that hurts is still better than a lie that's found out. (And ultimately less hurtful).
I teach Year 1. Do not baby your children and think you are helping them by solving all their problems for them (social and otherwise), carrying their things and tying their shoes, etc. They WILL go out into the big world and they will not be ready if you have not taught them some sense of responsibility. It can (and should) be taught early! Before they come to my class! It makes my job so much easier if they have at least had some sort of experience with this.
Right? Almost intimidatingly so! :-) swoon!
When I smile, one side of my mouth goes further up than the other and that eye squints more than the other. Basically... My face is more asymmetrical than most, and I will never meet the typical requirements for beautiful. Luckily, I am atypically beautiful anyways. Kinda. Maybe.
Hugs to you. It wasn't your fault.
Right? I'm not a lesbian, but even if I was, I'd still fuck Jude Law. Everyone would fuck Jude Law, basically.
Can confirm. Wouldn't say no.
Will do!
Jealous!
Boil and bake. Yep. They're delicious. I am trying to post pics! We'll see if my wifi comes through for me, or not.
Not this time. But I have delicious crushed black peppercorn soft cheese ready for spreading!
I will never be without bagels again! So excited. ( they are hard to get where I live).
Great idea! My next ones will be cheesy!
Now I know I can make them... I will never be without!
Yes!
Chocolate chips and blueberries!
Terrible. Yeah, petite women are easier to overpower!
Live the dream ~~brother~~ sister! ;-)
They are delicious!
Agreed!
Overwhelming Lust. It's a thing.
It's been so long I honestly don't even remember. Maybe... Horray, sex!! Usually, for solo stuff, I don't think. Just focus on the feeling. Sexual meditation!
YouTube my favorite songs. But, getting bored of reddit doesn't ever last long.
A day without coffee is a grumpy day. Same goes for a day without Internet.
Smile at themselves in the mirror.
You cannot answer the question without making swooping generalizations. However, I know a lot of men that are in denial about just how much their penis rules their decision making. I am not fooled.
A resume is for work, so anything nsfw, by definition, should probably be kept quiet! Please mark most appropriate box... [ ] 1 [ ] 2 [ ] 3 [ ] 4 [ ] 5 [x] fist I guess it depends on what kind of career you want.
Never! Really!
I keep some in the freezer and they act as pretty good ice cubes in Baileys. You're welcome.
Don't regret. I'm not always successful, but it's a good aim. What does regretting do for you? Nothing! Be nice to yourself, and learn from your mistakes. That's what life is.
Same same ^^You're ^^totally ^^right ^^but ^^I'm ^^not ^^taking ^^it ^^back.
But pretending is sooooo exhausting!
I have done something similar in my class before. Not porn ~~( thank fuck)~~ (thank *no* fuck) but an image with swearing in the caption. oops.
Except she looks 10
* ~~a few months later~~ every day since
Me too. I can do it from time to time. But... Holy fuck. I'm tired after.
My class are 7 year old ESL learners. 'Ms Whoneedsyou, what does fuck mean?' Is not a question I want to answer.
Fair enough! Context matters! :-)
Does he think my labia are too big? ^^not ^^even ^^joking
Return money minus a hundred grand finders fee.
I'm tired just thinking about it!
Not in English. Can't load a song, can't load an image, can't go on youtube, reddit is so slow, everything is just slow.
True. Damn my brain though. :-)
Awww, that's so sweet. Since you already told me you will tell me I'm beautiful, I guess sending the picture is redundant.
i will check this out. but not at work!
I live in Vietnam.
Hey
You're carrying a wasted girl, and a bag of fertilizer. You don't look like your average horti fuckin culturist.
Asking the important questions.
I don't wipe when I'm peeing. I just drip dry. Toilet paper lasts forever at my house.
Very very dumb. There would be a lot of drinking, prostitutes, pro wrestling, and heavy metal. And a major crowd control issues in travel agents and airports for people wanting one way tickets out. The man is such a dickhead.
Higher self worth
All of my internal organs.
Shit. So smelly.
~~Sit ups~~ Crunches or planks. Let's fill the world with hot abs! Edit. Apparently saying sit ups wasn't ok.
Crosswords and stuff. Jk. Retired. Used to be a regional manager of water and land pollution prevention for my provinces government. My Dad is amazing. I love him so so much for all the things he did for me, and continues to do for me, for all his support, unconditional love, and cuddles. I'm a daddy's girl for life.
Stepping on an upturned UK plug. Fuckity fuck.
I bought a house.
Try doing 50 or 100. Edit... And... Less bagels?
Fine. Replace with the plank for 5 sets of 30sec. True. If everyone did the ab workout, fit abs would increase world wide. :-P ( and more if good diets are also maintained)
Correct
Planks it is.
I, too, love bagels. I recently learned how to make them. Everything in moderation.
Join clubs. Lots of clubs.
A mobile phone, and computer speakers.
Shitty Movie 5
It's absolutely terrible. Feels like you might die. For me... It manifests this way... Increased heart rate, hot flashes, throat closing/ tightness around throat, gag on your breath. I sometimes vomit, or have diarrhea, or cry, or all 3. They are so terrible because the symptoms can overlap with other things, and then I panic about panicking, because I had a panic attack symptom, even if up until that point I was not actually having a panic attack. Well... I am now. Good times ( not so much). I am pretty good these days at breathing my way out of them before they escalate. But before I figured that out... Fuck, they sucked so much.
Really, really tired of being alone.
Was the power he was supplying... electrifying?
I'm tall. I saw it.
Ridiculously pretty.
I'd like to say a big 'fuck off' to continued sadness and worry about things I cannot change!
Did you see last week tonight's bit on that. Too true. Edit: [link] (http://www.avclub.com/article/no-sir-john-oliver-doesnt-confederate-flag-221169)
Wine. A bubble bath. Chocolate. Sex. Meditation. All.
Olives. Salty Nastiness.
He said Yes!
That was burnaby!
I think it looks beautiful!
Canadian here too! I didn't know that though!
Beautiful, isn't it?
I didnt sit because ... Cold bum... But, I ran my finger along one of the slats. it was quite pleasing. :-)
Blowing bubbles.
Well, fuck.
Toilet paper. Meh. I go without easily if I have the little hosey thing. ( I live in Asia) Their mobile phones. That shit would drive people insane.
It drives me crazy when my students use the excuse " well, so and so did it too. " This goes for more than just my classroom... If everyone worried less about others, and more about making the right choices for themselves, the world would be a much happier, safer, and better place. Edit the second o in too. Doh
Just wait.
Reading this, I'd first like to say...I love how different everyone is. How boring would it be if we all were the same. Having said that... Immersing yourselves in a virtual world is something that just doesn't interest me at all! Actually, gaming in general. Doesn't do it for me. (Don't hate me, Reddit! I completely support your desire to do so, I just have no desire myself!) Especially games and apps you pay for. That's a crazy waste to me!
http://imgur.com/VSHwg1O http://imgur.com/0dpNtsb
It's just my normal brownie recipe, with a special silicone shot glass baking tray. I'll link ya.
http://www.kitchenstuffplus.com/wilton-silicone-shot-glass-pan-green Not the exact one I used. But similar. So many yummy fun possibilities!
I froze before removing, that ensured they didn't break. I didn't seal the inside of the glass so my baileys seeped out. Still VERY delicious! But, you could coat the inside of glasses with pure melted chocolate to contain the baileys better. That's what I'll do next time!
Edit(Born in) The year of 'my Sharona'
If only one thing..do this...Practice gratitude. This ones free! And immensely helpful. Our life, our happiness, is what WE make it to be. These also help... Seeing a life coach. A fresh perspective and guidance from an outsider can be invaluable. Traveling. Be selfish. Doing things to help make more meaning... Change jobs, move house, buy stuff, sell stuff, start relationships, end relationships. Keep in your life the stuff that's giving you pleasure and happiness, and remove those things that aren't. Life's too short to not be happy.
You're the most genuine person I know.
Today on a test in English for year 1, the children had to write a sentence using a naming word, and an adjective. The rabbit is soft. (example) One boy wrote, 'The pen is.... And he couldn't come up with an adjective, so he just left it. And there was no space between 'pen' and 'is' so his answer looked like.... The penis. It made me laugh! Also made me laugh.... My Dad is fat.
Mindfulness meditation.
An idiot
Coffee break? Chocolate break?
Model body, confidence of potato.
Yes!
I had baked potatoes with bacon bits chives and sour cream not long ago actually!! Yum.
I do fake it. Hard work though.
Handwriting.
Do it!
Somethings can't be defined.
Any account or witness of neglect (of pets or children).
Best Physical: I have legs for days Character: I'm kind Worst Physical: I'm going grey Character: I'm super serious
Trim/shave your pubes. Even if there's no intention to go there, knowing you're looking good down there is a confidence boost!
They were probably pretty smelly, by today's standards.
Nature vs nurture? There are endless factors that may contribute! Like- every event that's happened to me from my birth to the present moment, as well as biological factors that were determined before my birth! It's incomprehensible, what's made me me!
I was an awkward loner early teen. I just never got over it.
What constitutes a good nose!?
Posture. Just how they carry themselves. (Confidence)
Greek yogurt with honey, granola, nuts and berries. Chicken Caesar. Hold the anchovies.
😋
I'm a teacher and I was taking my class swimming as a field trip. The girls changed with me. I wasn't paying any attention, just changing. But these six year olds are naturally curious. They looked. Saw my boobies. One of them said ' ms ___, you have very cute boobies!' Another replied, your boobies are cuter than my mom's boobies.' Children have no filters.
LEGO
Mainly, it's just self discipline!! I give myself breaks after finishing a task, or putting in a certain amount of time. I also earn chocolate. And beer/wine after work. But, self discipline really! You gotta think of what might motivate you, but sticking to it just depends on you!
I used to be on the swim team when I was young. That smell is so nostalgic to me. It smells like my childhood!
Windex
I was just looking for my own happiness.
Both parents had mild anxiety issues. Me- double dose!!
I get tired long before I'm pissed. Usually. Then I just sleep. Then there's those times when I keep drinking and black out.
Ass?
Fresh pulpy pink lemonade on ice. Or grapefruit pop. Though I've not seen the latter in years!!
Capital Oslo. Cool iceberg opera house. Lots of beautiful lakes and cottages. Long cold winters. An Olympic ski jump. Really expensive booze.
Wow. I'm a girl and this is news too me. I shape my eyebrows on occasion, threading a couple times a year, and then plucking to maintain. But never have I ever felt I'm having a bad brow day!
Corn fed cattle
He's a lazy fuck. And the rest of us have to pick up his slack.
No one said boobs yet? I'm shocked!! For me... Saturday morning sleep ins. ...and playing with my very own boobs.
America. K naan. Some English. It's super catchy!!
Walk into a pole after checking someone out.
Bacon and eggs.
Great food, lots of crime, Tijuana, donkeys painted like zebras, Baja peninsula, tequila
It's hot. Damn hot. Real hot. Hottest thing is my shorts. I could cook things in it.
People that talk but don't act. If you say you're going to do something, but never follow through, you won't last. I'm kinda sensitive. That constitutes lying to me. I don't have time for that! I'd rather have few friends than have friends that disappoint me all the time. Deceiving. Lying. Betrayal.
I think what s/he's trying to say is ... It's been so long s/he doesn't know. Source: I also don't remember.
Riding.
co dependency. I like me time. Always will. I don't want you to do everything I do. I don't want to do everything you do. I want someone who is himself, and let's me be myself. And we just be ourselves together.
Ouch.
McPussy
Masturbating and grating cheese.
Don't be obtuse.
One step ahead. I don't live in my country.
Three proposals from one comment. That's a record! lol.
Everyone's different.
Because you like it?
Hosting a dinner party. Monday?
Of course doing things together is important! Just not always. There's a balance. And for me that includes time alone!!
It has a lot to do with trust. You don't need someone to be there all the time if you know they'll be there when you need them. Just be yourself, and let them be them.
I live in Vietnam. You may have to leave now!! ;-)
Bungee jumping. Eating bugs. Getting married.
Good girls have alts for that. Duh.
Forearms. Yes there's a sub. I know it well. Also, men good with children. Men in suits. Men that laugh a lot and make me laugh.
I'm 36. Life's pretty good. Job I enjoy. Check. Homeownership. Check. Financially independent. Check. Independent in general. Check. Travel regularly. Check. Friends that care. Check. Someone special to share it with... Not happening. I think I maybe missed the boat on this one. And I've now been alone for so long I'm pretty sure I just have no idea how not to be. But oh well. I have all those other checks. Can't have it all, I suppose!
The rape thing.
Bow chicka bow wow
I am confident he will go down hard, and no matter how horrible and gruesome and painful and torturous it is, I will be happy it happened. There is NOTHING that could happen to him that would make me feel sorry!
Anything to do with my sexcapades, GW history. I am not ashamed. Wouldn't deny it if it came to light. But it's not info I'll volunteer! My family are a tad more conservative than me!!
Thanks! 3 years. Crazy!
Me too! It's my fault. I live in the middle of no where!
I'm a primary school teacher.
Teachers are good people. Sorry about your mom. Unless she just retired! Then congrats! Land surveyor, cool.
Hey - do you think these are the right size for me? ( said as you grab your junk)
That's hilarious!
A job you're passionate about, surrounded with people you care about and enough money to do things that bring happiness.
Drug use, I guess.
Sleep. Tomorrow is always a new day, with new exciting possibilities.
Vancouver
When I was a girl a 'hooker' was just someone that wore short jean skirts and tight tops.
Toss. Turn. Swear. Check email, Facebook, Reddit. Repeat.
Sweater vest wearing guy still living with his mother.
I've lived in Asia for 5 years and I only realized last year that when they tell you not to flush anything in the toilet besides natural waste that includes not flushing toilet paper.
A nice hard c....
They have that here too. I just never made the connection that toilet paper (which growing up I flushed) was not supposed to be flushed. And you really need to wash with the water... And only dry with the paper.
Absolutely never!!
I know right? It's so foreign to me. Asian thing. Pipes aren't made to withstand it, I guess.
Garbage can/ bin
Agree! That's why it never occurred to me not to flush it. Put your dirty toilet paper in the little waste bin? That's nasty! You're meant to clean with the water spray, and simply dry with the paper I guess. The whole system of post toilet hygiene is completely different. I'm still not used to it.
For me... Vietnam.
I'm in Vietnam but the same applies to lots of Asian countries.
My mother always used to say... If you don't have anything nice to say ... Then shut your fuckin mouth.
^^^I ^^^still ^^^do ^^^too.
Vietnam is where I live but lots of other places I visited in Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, India, the Middle East and other not modern places have this.
Officer: Do you know why I'm pulling you over? Driver: because I've got a fuck tonne of drugs in the glove compartment and a body in the boot? Officer: ummm... Right yeah. im going to need you to step out of the car, sir.
Those reports were due in yesterday. ⚽️
Then what are you voting for Trump for? It's such a terrible idea!
I can put both feet behind my head.
You might be confusing me with your gf.
But what would be the best way forward if you wanted change?? Don't people want change?? Your politics suck right now, you say. How will they ever get better? It's just seems a bit crazy!
Some sound starting points!
Marriages.
Shiraz.
My parents made such a good effort growing up. They used to make soot boot prints from the fire place to the tree. They must have been really tired one year though. Because the same year my dad made the footprints left to right, as if Santa had his boots on the wrong feet, *and* when we found where 'Santa' had hidden the presents ( budgies for all three of us) mom cemented our suspicions by blurting out "careful, it bit the lady at the shop" when my sister put her finger in the cage. They had been so good up until that Christmas, we were all old enough that there was no reason for us to still believe, really! ( well, maybe my sister got shafted a bit).
Silly Brian... Didn't he know they'd print that and he'd ruin Christmasfor a bunch of kids!! Ok, maybe silly editor!
I live in Vietnam and some people will smoke a cigarette on their scooter as they're driving. I HATE getting stuck behind a smoking biker ( or a car where someone is holding a cigarette out their window ( and I'm biking near).
Cheesecake A glass of red wine A hot bitter mocha A medium rare steak My rabbit
Because she's Satan?
Grease. I was obsessed with that movie for a few years. Last time I watched it I realized how dumb it was. But it will always be kinda amazing for nostalgic reasons.
Inconceivable!!
Excellent choice!
Dicks.
Pretending to be animals. Being brutally honest.
I teach small children. I used to be very close with this other teacher at my school. We hung out all the time. I was very attracted to him. It wasn't mutual. Which is fine. That's life sometimes, right? We aren't really friends anymore. He got married and has a baby. But he's still at my school and my students are constantly wanting to talk about him and how he didn't chose me, and about his wife and his baby. And I hate it but it's innocent on their part! If my adult friends did the same, I'd stop talking to them.
Someone who has manners and sound morals, is helpful and respectful, and who practices gratitude.
My sister married a Brit. Solid bloke.
Your daughter will be much much better off with happy parents. Seriously, children are so resilient. She will be fine.
I'm sorry your mom hurt you and you didn't see your father. But seriously... He can get divorced and still be there for his daughter! He'd just be a happier, better father!
Apart from scream like a banchee? Scatter a bag of nuts and run!
I imagine Satan's got a pretty VIP abode!
The part when I'm sleeping. Jk Morning coffee meditation!
I'm sorry that happened to you. But leaving doesn't have to mean failing to protect his daughter. If he stays ' to protect her' he might instead give her a terrible model of what a normal relationship looks like so she can be stuck in an unhealthy relationship when she's older.
I have started on the side too. It's just... Now more rests on it!! Eeek!
It's a small school in a small place. We were really really close, they may have even assumed we were dating. and then all changed.
Didn't think that one through, did I? Lol
I hope you promptly removed her from your policy! What a ho bag.
Beer by candlelight.
~~I hate cats.~~ I'm not a massive cat fan.
Sperm banks, yo.
Like, as in she was planning to kill you? I'm sorry. Hopefully you have or will meet someone worthy. She was not.
IUI in September. Super excited!
None! 😋
Old age I bet. All my grandparents reached 89 or more.
All talk, but no action people. If you say you're going to do something... Fuckin DO IT. -a terrible trait for any person, but particularily infuriating for a partner!
Currently Vietnam. Maybe next Argentina, New Zealand, or Australia.
Good luck with that!
Being harassed in a super intense kinda way while on holiday in Turkey, at the same time as I shit my white pants.
I'm too serious and shy. There is no easy way.
Height for my gender.
My family. I live on the exact opposite side of the world as my parents, sister, brother in law, niece, brother, etc, and all extended family. Time difference is challenging. I talk to my parents once a week. Rest of family less often. Travel home once a year. Most of the time it's fine. But sometimes you just want your family, ya know! After I FaceTime my niece I always feel heartbroken a little that I'm not there.
Currently primary school teacher. Maybe elderly (don't) care assistant.
There is! I googled it to check before I made the claim. Edit: https://tall.life/height-percentile-calculator-age-country/
Same site I found. 99.809 for me! It's not awkward. We're super cool!
I want to have 1 'natural' if possible, then I can adopt if I want more.
Sequin Since when did having it already be a word stop people from turning it into a name? Emotions have become names. Flowers have become names. Seasons have become names. Fruits have become names.
Wtf? You be crazy.
I had these three word art prints made for my house. http://imgur.com/5r9SQRS http://imgur.com/w1SQV9H http://imgur.com/ZD3Fs1O
Can any person forget their sexual preference if they have amnesia?
Yes. You are crazy as shit. It might be kinda fast, but there'd be that 5 or 10 seconds for you to contemplate the fact that your bleeding out and maybe see the blood spurt and know you're going to die. I don't want to know. I want it to be instantaneous.
The betrayal of my friend. Still hurts. Wish I could forget.
I haven't worked out the logistics yet. But whatever I did, I would be naked.
And then jerk it.
I'd like a few words with my ego. Here's what I'd say... Fuck off, you're in my way.
I love that I'm generous and giving and worry free about money ( I earn all my own, don't worry). I work to enjoy my life, not get rich or be stingy.
Cliché I know, but fully charged rabbit, every time. On an aside... I changed mine today... Holy fuck.
Cleaning. I loathe most of it. Sweeping, mopping, dusting, laundry... Etc. But sitting back after, and cracking a beer in a tidy, organized, clean, fresh smelling apartment or house, is immensely satisfying!
You can do it. I get the same. And it can spiral into a pretty vicious circle. It's emotionally and physically exhausting. Be kind to yourself. Eat well. Sleep lots. Your body needs it! You'll adjust in time. Never give up. Can't let your Nervousness win!
In turning 37 tomorrow. That's pretty old. But, I don't feel old, so it's ok! I'm making lots of cookies to bring to school tomorrow so I can't celebrate it with my students. They are WAY more excited than I am about my birthday. I love children's zest for life. I wish I had more of it and was less... Tired!
I saw at least 50 children smile today.
Hmmm... My dream guy might be Genuine Truthful Faithful More outgoing than me ( I sometimes needs a bit of a shove to get out of my comfort zone, but can enjoy it when I do) Intelligent Understanding Emotionally grounded Takes care of their body Non judgmental Patient Wants children A decent height Happy outlook Optimistic Real Gentle Loving Sexually adventurous And Unashamedly them Edit: in turn, I am all of these thing (besides really outgoing) back.
Wine and a blanket
Yep!
I'm 6' so... 5'10 and up...
I can be swayed! 😉 Height doesn't matter as much as any of those other things!!
😋
A BBQ from home hardware. ( Home of the handy man )
All nighters. No thank you, not at all interested.
My Corduroy brown two seater sofa. With my head on one arm rest and my legs crossed and over the other end. Its the perfect power nap place.
A friend that betrayed me. She was sorry, but the damage was done. I just know that I will never be able to forget or trust her again. So we both just needed to move on from dwelling on the past and our old friendship that was never going to be again. Sometimes being sorry doesn't make things ok.
A hug. Sigh. ^^its ^^been ^^a ^^long ^^time!
Seriously wish I could!
This is what I was going to say. I will be beyond an emotional disaster when this day comes. I already cry when I think about it and my parents are fairly healthy!!
Binge drinking. Depends on your crowd I suppose. My friends and I, for the most part, got that out of the way by mid twenties. It's just not a thing I do these days.
My fucking alarm clock.
Distance and no interest. As if they don't exist!
A cockroach on my head. Not at all ok.
Me too!!! Fucking most terrible feeling ever!!!
Very flexible. Skillful in a variety of positions. Independent worker. Self motivated. A team player.
Extinct animals.
Every female on Reddit will have a 'didn't realize I started my period' or ' leaking' story of some kind. I had one last month. Tennis lesson in the morning. Played hard. Got all sweaty. Even my ass was sweaty. ( at least I thought it was sweat) Went from there to a cafe to get a take away coffee, felt like people were staring, but thought it might be because I was tall, white, and red faced. ( I live in Asia.) then to work and talked to a few colleagues. When I got to the showers at work I realized my shorts were covered in blood.
I get a bit giddy as I surf the net from an airplane. It's pretty amazing when you think about it.
Apron for the BBQ. And flame proof gloves
Filling up with gas. I seem to always leave it until it's possible I might just run out on my way to fill up. ( I have a scooter, not a car).
He said? Or she said?
Just like a good book can be read and enjoyed more than once. A funny/informative/clever/ post/gif/article can be appreciated again. React naturally. Dont give yourself away under any circumstances!!
Women don't have a prostate in the way. Our poop shoots are unobstructed.
Mediocre stuff. Nothing worth mentioning.
On the doorstep of my enemies!
What are your plans this weekend? Or What did you do this weekend. -Nothing
In the whole scheme of things, carnivorous hippos wouldn't make that much difference. Chomp a man in half and eat him vs chomp a man in half and don't eat him. Either way, dead man.
You, front and centre. Not blurry or pixilated. No pets. No sunglasses. Show your eyes. Smiling. No mirrored selfies/ cellphone reflection shots. Fully clothed.
u/RufusStJames and u/OnscreenForecaster, you guys sound like you need some cuddling. I volunteer.
This is very true.
It would suck to live in the African Savannah then!
That would be a little uncool.
Totally inconsiderate!
If you just wanted one.
I'm those things. Just sayin
Like physically or personality wise? I have had zero luck in my 37 years to find someone that matches both what I find physically attractive and has the personality I desire. Maybe such a person doesn't exist. But I'd rather be alone than settle. So...
;-)
Small tits? ;-) How tall is tallish?
Have thigh gap. Am real woman. Theory blown.
Saigon
Cut my finger on a seatbelt
I love the Eagles!
I gave a handjob to the guy I sat beside on a night bus from Bangkok to Krabi. We didn't talk. I always wonder if he's still alive. 2 days later - tsunami.
Good luck!
I'm a pretty girly girl. Like cooking, baking, children, playing tennis, wearing nice dresses. I appreciate fashion, getting my nails done, and Im a bit useless with maintenance/repair stuff. Edit: but I am very independent.
Stepping into a hot bubble bath.
Squint.
After I facetimed my sister and niece last week. Sucks being so far away sometimes.
Arms, shoulders, abs, eyes, smile, hair.
Put it in the bin, lazy.
Nope! I'm right there with you.
I am just winding down on Sunday afternoon. Had a lovely birthday weekend at a fancy resort, I've painted my nail purple, and I'm very very excited for the next year.
We were all feeling that way. So it was super nice to just chill! I do loads of travelling and trips by myself so it was nice to do it with friends this time!!
I catch up on sleep, and read books when I solo travel. It was a beautiful spot. I would have been happy to watch the river all day. If I was on my own it would have been less drinking, no cards, and more sleeping!
You can have sex at home too. Agreed. Most of my travels are adventures. But when I'm tired and stressed a nice escape reality break does wonders. And that involves doing not much of anything!!!
I can imagine. I don't know. My last adventure trips have been Bali, and surfing lessons, Thailand and Loas tour, Australia to visit friends, and Borneo for Orangutans.
Nothing wrong with food and culture!
A world without coffee.
A family of my own. Male companionship, a chocolate lab, and a couple of kids! Otherwise, life's pretty good. Can't complain I suppose, and can't have it all!!
Masturbating maybe?
Do it for your future self. Visualize the benefits doing it will bring. Have to clean your house? Sit back, visualize yourself cracking open a beer in your spotless pad. Make that happen. Need to exercise? Visualize you toned bod and the benefits that may bring. Then go to the gym.
Of all the things I ever lost, I miss my mind the most.
Roosters!
I don't. But I live in a rural Asian town and there are roosters on my street. Cock a doodle doo
North American (Canadian) spent 9 years in UK. Currently 5 years in Vietnam. Lots of other traveling overseas. - There's more than one way to do things, and other ways aren't wrong. They're just different. - There's more than one way to say things too, and that's ok. Courgette, zucchini. Eggplant, aubergene. Just add some new vocabulary to your list and understand both. Move on. - everyone should travel for these reasons alone - to realize that their way is not the only way. It's extremely ignorant to think you're the only right one. - English is a difficult and confusing language to learn. - I am very lucky. Very lucky, to have the opportunities I've had. In my travels in the developing world I've met so many people that have so little, and are no less deserving than me. - there are good people everywhere. - there are bad people everywhere. - North Americans can be very wasteful with food and things we buy. - We are more environmentally conscious in other ways though. ( recycling, etc)! - We are VERY consumeristic - North American can be very work focussed and money driven. - Other cultures have a way more relaxed, laid back, and enjoy life approach. TL;DR: different is ok. Edit format
About two weeks ago. I live in Vietnam and I had some Vietnamese friends come over for a pork roast, and baked potatoes with sour cream and bacon bits. I loved it. They all hated it. And not one of them ate the skin. They thought it was weird that I did.
I live in Vietnam, my parents in BC. Opposite side of the world! My Dad just turned 70. It hurts my heart sometimes.
That it is not solely a teachers job to raise a child. That cooperation and collaboration with family is required. That parents must take some responsibility to help teach or at least reinforce what is learned at school.
Weekdays... I wake up to my alarm. If I have tennis, I get up straight away, pee, and put on my workout clothes, and leave on my scooter. Time from sleeping to out the door is 15 minutes. Breakfast and coffee after workout. Then shower etc at Work. If I don't have tennis, alarm, snooze times three. Long Shower sitting down. Get dressed, makeup, out the door and to my local cafe. Time from sleep to leaving 1 hour. 1 coffee there, another to take away. Breakfast at work.
Calm down? CALM DOWN? **CALM DOWN?**
I'm female. It depends on your maintenance level. I can totally wake up, shower, slap on some make up and look ok and be out the door in 20-30 minutes.
It is pretty quick! 😋 I've always prided myself on being fairly low maintenance!
I totally could. I like long showers. Omit my shower, and I'm there. If I miss my alarm/sleep in, I'm up and out the door in 10, easy. Admittedly I won't be awake until later. But that's due to my need for a morning shower and coffee, not my gender.
Robin Hood... The cartoon. That movie still rocks. I watch it once in a while with my students.
I love this movie. Watch it every year with my grade 1 students.
Someone's banging their mum tonight.
Dive instructor. Summer holiday fling. Was pretty amazing. Instant attraction and just a mutual understanding the yes, there will be sex later. No complaints. No regrets.
Coffee. Breakfast does happen. I just need two coffees and two hours before. My mom used to make me eat when I got up. It made me feel ill all day. Especially if I had to get up really early to travel or something.
My normal routines about an hour. But 30 minutes of that is in bed.
Is paranoid and an anti vaxer. He says he's not, but hasn't vaccinated his son yet because he believes that drug companies sponsor all the testing and studies that prove no link to autism. He's also an all talk no action guy so he says he is not anti vax but is looking for an alternative schedule/ etc to administer. (One at a time or whatever). He says he wants to do this, but really he's just sitting there, not vaccinating his child.
Eat on my bed. Watch TV from bed.
Maybe different in Canada. And I guess in this case.... Comparing to Asia.
I never once said I was special. You're probably right. And who cares.
Married with 4 kids.
Baking, Wine, chocolate, Reddit.
I've been living in Asia for 5 years and I still can't do it. It's why I'm skinny.
I'm not so good at opening wine with the screw in and pull out opener (with no arms). I've punched myself in the face trying to open a bottle of wine this way! 🍷Cheers!
Maple syrup, ice hockey, saying sorry.
It was a very small town and there was snow on the ground 7 months of the year. And I'm kinda a city girl and love travelling and prefer summer. *now I live in the outskirts of a crazy chaotic city in the south of a country where it snows only in the far north once a year. I go home for Christmas for my dose of snow.
Orange envelopes. The hope of connections and conversations with random strangers around the world. It makes me happy. I'd be a little more lonely, I guess.
Fried chicken.
D'awww
It's clean, there is art on the walls, a fully stocked fridge and cupboards, a set of dishes and utensils and pots, and guest linens.
Yeah. I'd still work - on my own terms!
I don't tell my family about anything to do with my sex life. I just don't have that kind of relationship with them that I'd want to share. Or, alternatively, don't have a relationship with anyone else that I want them to know about. Maybe one day?
Pregnancy.
I had an eye infection and couldn't see well. I had to be led around by my friend. The casino halls smelt like mildew-y old carpets. Vegas was ... Meh.
That was my initial thought too... Jesus Fuck, what now??
Quite screwed. Dungarees for a 1 year old. With a bunny sewn on the front.
Anything Adam Sandler, Jim Carrey, or that kind of genre of movie. I find it more stupid, less funny. But that's me. Unless you're wasted. *Then it's so stupid it's funny!
I live in Vietnam. killed a massive cockroach in my kitchen the other night, but decided not to pick it up and dispose of it straight away as they often still twitch for a while and it creeps me out. Left it overnight. Went down in the morning and all that was left was a shell. Eaten by ants. Gotta love living in the jungle.
I hate the ants here. They eat cockroaches, but also get into lots of my food. I have to keep so many things in the fridge that would normally live in the cupboard. They eat through sealed bags and packets.
The other day I opened a bag of spicy Doritos, and all the cheesy goodness appeared to be eaten off the chips and they were crawling with ants. Bastards.
Exactly. I was SO pissed. I have to travel to the import shop for my Doritos. They'll now live in the fridge.
Girl, friend, cook, baker, sun worshiper, world traveller, wine drinker.
Rhubarb pie is the best.
Everyone deserves respect. Different is not wrong. It's just different. And different is good. And we'd live in a boring place if everyone was the same way inclined. Tell the truth.
Johnie Walker Blue Label. Smooooooth.
Nothing. I need my alone time. I don't have the balance exactly right. But who does? I'm alone often, but only occasionally lonely.
I just turned 37. I too have woken up every day. *Except that one time when I was so sick with chicken pox I slept pretty much 4 days straight.
Food to eat, a roof over my head ( good thing too, it's pissing it down atm) money in the bank and holiday plans in the works.
I'm sensitive.
We don't need you.
Men.
When I first moved here I was that way. But, I live in the middle of no where in the jungle and they were here first. You literally cannot escape them. I used to cry about the ants. If I saw a cockroach in my house it had to die before I could sleep. The other night I saw one. It was downstairs. I was going up. I just politely told it to stay the fuck out of my bedroom and went up.
Super ironing. Still mundane. And, like most of these I imagine, saying super just makes the speaker sound like a super sarcastic twat.
A sense of entitlement that *can* make you seem like a jerk to most people. The lack of satisfaction that comes from earning it!
Tie between being in Thailand for the tsunami and a vaginal laceration. One left me with a fear of waves and the other with a fear of sex. Worked my way through both, kinda.
Not just sugar here. Nuts, seeds, pasta, crackers, potato chips, cereal. The ants are savage. If it's not in a can or very thick sealed Tupperware, they're getting in! I curse the ants daily. How's Myanmar?
I told myself I'd bake bread today and cook a proper dinner. But I'm feeling lazy, and unlikely to do either.
Not a bad place to be.
Wrong. Proper cheesecake must set overnight.
Snow peas or peaches. Best if picked from the garden and washed under an outside tap by your grandpa. Man, I miss that man.
I bought some today actually!
I was kinda joking, Sheesh. relax. As a baker, it's not how I'd eat it or serve it. But if they like it before it sets, then that's fine.
How are you gonna tell someone what's ok when it comes to food as long as they like it? If he likes it plain who are you to say it's a disgrace? Fuck outta here. Edit * just to clarify OP sent me this comment first when he told me I couldn't disagree with someone's food choice. I was just sending it back to him to prove a point.
How are you gonna tell someone what's tastey when it comes to food as long as it's cooked? If he likes it warm, who are you to say eww? Fuck outta here.
And cold green grapes? you got yourself a deal!
^^On ^^the ^^side
☺️
I'm introverted and a little shy, so getting to know me, and me know you, would require patience. But it would be 100% worth it.
Nice!!
They're both wet.
That's really uncool.
Mayo
I'm super serious. I take some things too seriously and have a hard time relaxing.
It's not conductive to healing and I just don't think it's that healthy.
With one giant Death Star icecube.
Advil. Chocolate. Sour cream and Onion Pringles.
But would a manly man bother posting in this thread? Because a manly man doesn't give a fuck if anyone else thinks he's manly!
Can you recommend a clinic?
Find anything, anywhere.
Ps TeraPORN ? Fantastic
Ok. I've been before. Lovely city. I'll check out their website.
I'll take the bagels. Just sayin
I had the whole tidal wave of blood thing once. Turned out I had a vaginal laceration. Torn. Ended up in hospital for three days, lost a lot of blood, and was aenemic for 6 months. I hope she's ok!!
I had a vagina related injury once and at one stage I had 4 doctors peering up my who ha to determine the cause of the tidal wave of blood. *Oh my god, you should have seen what happened right after I sneezed. *shudder*
I acquired a small tear in my vaginal wall, after my partner and I played a little roughly. Wasn't a problem that time, but the next time, almost a week later had sex again and it tore more and all the clotting that had been going on was released in a tidal wave of blood. It was not pretty. Bedroom looked like crime scene. Went to hospital, bled all over the emerg room, they stuck me in a room and forgot about me, until I sneezed. Then I had a team of Doctors trying to find the source.
But I want a tall, sexy, kind man to fall into my lap, as I sit on my sofa ^^in ^^the ^^house ^^that ^^I ^^never ^^leave.
Water bottles.
Always ALWAYS look forward.
Corrected... Tall
Sorry uncle
Good plan!
Actually healthy, and fit. Just really shy and am not a proactive dater. I'd rather jump to the being in love and having children and skip the putting myself out there and dating. *shrug*
Yes yes no.
S'up?😉
Most of the things I love are kinda solitary. Cooking, baking. My location in the world makes online dating near impossible.
Not where I live. :-/
Vietnam! Lol
I'm flexible on this one. But I am 6' so it's just easier!
Very well. And you, sir?
I'm on Reddit every fine day!
☺️
Which two? Pizza and beer?
Pick up some cold beer on your way!
Hey bb.
😉
Lingerie
Get over it. You can't and you won't.
Saying goodbye to friends or family I won't see in a while. Evokes panic attacks.
I have lots of the qualities I want in a partner. So, in some regards, yes. But, I'm quite reserved and shy. I kinda want someone who encourages and supports me to leave my comfort zone, not sits with me in it.
There is absolutely no need for 3 forks.
When I was a young child I went to summer camp and we had a jingle we'd sing whenever we caught someone with their elbows on the table... u/MacNCheezOnUrKneez, (x2) Strong and able, Get your elbows off the table, This is not a horses stable, But a first class dining table. Round the cookhouse you must go You must go, You must go, Round the cookhouse you must go, 1 time over. Then whoever had got caught had to run around the building. Get caught again? 2 times over. Etc. Good times.
I laughed out loud when I noticed! Typical!
True, and terribly ironic if you're big footed me! All my footwear is horrendously expensive.
For woman's shoes here, anything bigger than 39 is hard to find!
HaHa. Yeah. You wait your turn! ;-)
Lifes not bad it's true! No idea. Although the set of expectations for what lots of Vietnamese women want from a relationship are different than mine. That might be it. And I'm just older. Considered on the shelf here perhaps.
Nothing way out of line. I'm western, and independent. I don't want to be some mans property. And that's kinda the culture here. I'd prefer an equal partnership kinda thing. No desire to be kept. I'm 37.
That's because I'm Canadian
Absolutely nothing wrong with Canada! I'm just a traveler. And right now, I have a job I love, my house, friends, and an affordable cost of living.
I shall keep that in mind! 😊
I'm pretty sure some of my relatives think I'm a lesbian because I haven't had a boyfriend in a while.
Deep breathing.
So so relative to you and your partners desires. If you have no intention of marrying them, and they are looking for commitment and marriage, it's not a good match, and potentially causes pain down the road. Both feelings are valid. Just not compatible! Be on the same page as your partner and then you're good!
