[Kelly Brook from some shitty movie](http://www.xvideos.com/video224433/kelly_brook_sex_compilation)
But, IPR and stuff.
[Now, the NZC states that they did not reject the offer](http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/cricket/81053404/new-zealand-cricket-rejects-reports-they-have-pulled-out-of-daynight-test-in-india)
I don't know what to believe. :(
Right. Although, most countries have their home seasons during Oct-May.
&gt; why not go for a ball change, much earlier than the 80th over? That would require a fundamental rule change and we don't know what is the exact duration of overs that are acceptable for the pink ball, yet. Also, SG ball is used in India. SG don't have a pink ball that is comparable in quality to the Kookaburra one. BCCI have decided to use the Kookaburra ball in the upcoming day-night matches but we don't how they would fare in the Indian conditions.
BCCI said nothing, the media is creating baseless stories.
Not specific dates but, the Tests would be held from the 1st week of November to the 3rd week of December.
Yes, swing has to do with overhead conditions which these two have not exploited well in the previous 2 matches. They bowl 2-3 good balls in an over but the other balls release the pressure. If they were playing against a better side, their figures would have been completely different.
1st Six by Zimbabwe in the series?
No.
Go for the Soundmagic E10S. It provides a nice balanced sound and has good build quality. This is a good page on budget earphones: http://thewirecutter.com/reviews/best-headphones-under-40/
Why the /s?
Good stuff from Rahul, getting a move on.
Yeah, but generally if the company is not sponsoring them, players tend to play with a sticker-less bat.
OnePlus 3 Compact?
&gt; Anyone who actually matters in your life will call/TXT when they want to talk. FB adds absolutely nothing. This. FB just adds clutter to your life. The unnecessary and annoying notifications just ruin everything.
* Is the skin bloated or close to stock? * What's the battery life like? * Do you have any idea about its international availability?
Oooh, where have I heard that before?
WUT WAS THAT?
WOW, that is a long presentation party!
What? Fastest Player? Stylish Player? WTF?
Atul Wassan. WHAT A CHOOT!
&gt; Jadeja&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Axar I'm not so sure about that.
&gt; with the top two teams playing off in a final. There's no point in organising that.
It would depend on the batsmen, tbh. If you ask the South Africans, they'd say that Nagpur against Ashwin and Jadeja is the toughest pitch in the world, whereas if you ask a sub-continental player, it may be Headingley.
It would be the same for Nepal and Afghanistan. Their home matches would be held in India.
Overtime, the administrators and curators would realise that they don't need a heavy covering of grass on the pitch for the ball to last 80 overs. BCCI should experiment with different kinds of pitches in the Duleep Trophy to test out the viability and durability of the pink ball.
Does this require a VPN?
Yes, but some of them have a myopic view of the situation. They think that interest in Test cricket would decline in Bangladesh if they are in the 2nd division, because it is a "lower" division. They are not thinking about the future where they could actually be a competitive side in the format. Even most of the users from Bangladesh on this sub vehemently opposed this structure when it was first mooted.
&gt; Also they probably aren't interested in playing the Netherlands or Afghanistan Which is pretty rich of them. They complain and bemoan the lack of fixtures against top sides but aren't themselves willing to play against sides ranked lower than them.
Test league, ODI league and now this. It's an exciting time for the sport.
&gt; It isn't any less of a truth that top teams never wants to play test matches with us Yes, that's true but Bangladesh has also continually favoured LOIs to Tests. Also, they haven't invited lower ranked teams like Ireland and Afghanistan to play in Bangladesh.
I think the rights of the matches may be sold collectively. So, if a broadcaster buys NZ vs India, they'd also have to buy the rights for NZ vs SL. It would be awesome if there was some sort of paid streaming service where we could watch all the international matches.
The exact details are not clear, but yes this would help cricket reach a wider audience. This would also help in getting revenue for the less lucrative matches and it may make it easier for a viewer to access matches taking place in a different part of the world.
Another option that the PCB could look at is staging their Test matches in England. There may be certain logistical problems, but they would get a better crowd and the timings would make it favourable for the viewers in Pakistan.
&gt; We play test with Zim often [Right](http://www.espncricinfo.com/bangladesh/content/story/953861.html) &gt;Ireland and Afghanisthan DO NOT have test status. But, they do have ODI and T20 status.
Don't think CA would schedule the Day-Night Test at Perth even if the series has one.
Yeah, but he practically ruined the team. Most of the players have come out and said that the team environment during Chappell's tenure was toxic. TBH, there was too much drama off the field when he was the coach of the team.
Noiice Cricinfo link, mate.
&gt; anus is on the bowling side
No. I didn't carry a second battery when I had a phone with user replaceable battery. Also, I have faced major battery issues in phones with a user replaceable battery, but that could also be due to the general improvement in hardware technology. Secondly, a phone without a user-replaceable battery actually makes it less cumbersome to change the SIM card and restart the phone.
Yes.
I'm just waiting for the conspiracy theorists to come up with a story which says that Kumble was selected for the job just because he is "close" to Ganguly, Tendulkar and Laxman.
Depends on how they structure the qualification process. Even if England qualify, a 2-3 week gap in their season every 4 years isn't going to be catastrophic for ECB's earnings. There are too many meaningless matches currently in their schedule.
&gt; he said he wants to carve out a home-season window I think he meant that India would have a definite home season in the months of October-November and possibly Feb-Mar. This season's schedule definitely adheres to that statement and possibly we would see similar scheduling in future seasons.
As expected. It's a dumb decision.
Oh yeah, I remember that thing.
Why are these special edition phones from Samsung so expensive? I doubt that they would cost that much to build. These phones are an easy way for Samsung to make some cheap cash by charging a $100 premium and selling it to the general public. But, they price them exorbitantly and sell them in some inconspicuous way just to attract some headlines.
Yes, that's why they should make more of these units and sell them to the general public for $100-150 premium. People would lap it up and they would extract more profit out of these phones.
Yeah, but the Tests have to finish before Christmas. So, that leaves a 7 week window for 5 Tests plus travel, warm-up matches etc.
Tri-Series may be a way for some of the big teams to get their requisite matches against smaller teams out of the way. If the structure is implemented, there may be a tri-series involving Australia, India and Afghanistan.
Obligatory Fuck BCCI. ^^Fuck ^^IOA ^^too
But they did jackshit to get that mil.
&gt; creating a bigger gap between established test nations and the newer sides? There is already a huge gap among the top nations and the ones in the bottom. Sides like the West Indies and Bangladesh can't compete with Australia or England, as evidenced by recent series. Where the proposed structure is different from the current is that the lower ranked nations have a guaranteed number of matches scheduled for them. Secondly, these matches are against oppositions of similar ability, so Bangladesh won't be annihilated like they have been for the past 16 years, which I think is the primary reason for the decline in interest in Test cricket among their fans. This structure also helps in creating more Test playing countries, so that the game is not dependent on these 10 countries and their success. Ireland and Afghanistan get Test status and the best teams from the Intercontinental Cup get a chance at playing Test cricket. This meritocratic way creates more interest in the game among the smaller nations. We could see 20 nations playing Test cricket in multiple divisions in around 10-12 years if this structure is implemented. BCB just doesn't want to give away the free pass it got into this "elite" club 16 years ago.
[(ノ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ノ︵┻┻](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcnogXICTeA&amp;t=1m13s)
The World Cricket League and the Intercontinental Cup are closed competitions, the winners don't get to play against the top teams of the world. How can you expect a team to beat any of the top sides when they don't even get to play international cricket? Teams like Netherlands and Scotland barely get any matches, even against other associates let alone the big teams. &gt;Despite beating WI and Zimbabwe Just goes to show that teams like Ireland and Afghanistan have the ability to beat bottom-ranked full members if they are given adequate opportunities. The proposed structure isn't a closed-off structure, it just gives a definite number of matches to each team against teams in their division and they are free to schedule matches against teams in the other division. I don't know why Bangladesh want to continue with the current structure, they don't get any matches against the top sides, at least with the new structure they have the opportunity to play matches against other sides which would give them more experience. This whole regression thing is just based on the perception that they are being demoted and thus, people would stop playing cricket in the country. &gt;You can't improve by playing against only two or three competitive teams Exactly. That is why we need a meritocratic structure by which more teams play Test cricket and the more cricket they play, against varied oppositions, the better they would get.
He was a South African. The residency rule has nothing to do with the EU.
They won't increase the teams in the qualifier stage. A 10-team first round would be too long. EDIT: Also, I hope that instead of giving 8 full members direct entry to the Super 12 stage, they decide that the Top 4 teams of the groups qualify for the next tournament's Super 12 round. It wouldn't make much of a difference in the composition of the teams but, it would give all the teams something to play for throughout the tournament.
Yeah, but the Kotla is a shit ground. They can't even expand the stadium due to its location.
The location is great, but the facilities are not up to international standards.
Yeah, it's really good. They're still developing it, I guess. It's really far for a person living in the heart of Delhi.
&gt;Top Comment &gt;Sangakkara is the most cunning, selfish and two-faced cricketer ever. Just see the way he asked his bowler to bowl a no ball on the last ball so Sehwag couldn''''t get his century. TOI comments section &gt; Cricinfo comments section
Don't know but Sangakkara was the captain, and I don't think Suraj Randiv would've known about this rule.
Hey Dinesh, nice chain. Do you choke your mom with it when you put your penis in her butthole?
This phone depresses the LCD display inside the screen when you press the glass.
That absolutely did not happen, at all.
[I'll just let IndiaTV do the talking](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SayybzYkzcs)
Yeah.
They played 4 when SA toured India, we got a nice odd numbered 3-0 win.
YAAAASSSSSSSS!
&gt; The change should come from within. So never?
&gt; BCCI is a private body. Not really, it's functions are public. The finances of the organisation are like a public body and it is run by the same babus and politicians that are running the government. Basically, it's a concoction of various conflict of interests.
Nobody know for sure, and most probably it wouldn't affect the cricketing side of things.
You're right but the Aussies and their selectors rely too much on his bowling stats on Australian pitches to take such a gamble. They will most probably pick Agar who'll get belted around the park like Ansari, Batty and co. in the recent England series.
&gt; BCCI was registered under a Tamil Nadu law that defined it as a private society so whatever it's functions may be, it is still a private body. Yes, but the SC can still direct a private body regarding it's functioning and MoA since it affects the public interests. &gt;Supreme Court believes that as BCCI is providing a public service, it should be accountable to the public. I find that logic retarded. &gt;We'll have to agree to disagree on this point. True. &gt; There is nothing preventing MPs from holding office in sports bodies (or any other institutions for that matter). Everybody is in Conflict of interest but that does not mean they are doing something illegal I don't get why conflict of interest is not a serious issue in India. Nobody is saying that holding both positions is illegal but it is morally and ethically incorrect. Even the BCCI issued directives which prevented people from holding positions which were deemed to be conflict of interests.
&gt; I wish there was some nuance when these discussion happen. Thanks for providing oodles of it.
&gt; Unless good organizations like BCCI You went too far there, Anurag.
I guess the BCCI would organise if the CA asked them for practice matches. The problem is that Australia have such a packed calendar. I think they may have at least 1 warm-up game before the start of the series which may be announced later.
&gt; Think Rabada's still unexperienced, would've gone with Hazlewould Rabada picked up 46 wickets at an average of 23 and SR of 36 while Hazlewood picked up 42 wickets at 28 with SR of 60. Also, he single-handedly won a couple of matches for SA. &gt; Also, 2 spinners doesn't work in say NZ and SA, perhaps replace Herath with Aamir Herath was the 2nd highest wicket-taker in 2016. An attack of 3 seamers and 2 spinners works on any pitch that isn't a green top.
Congrats to all the winners, especially /u/RaylanCrowder and /u/SepulchreofAzrael for the double wins.
Would also include Rohit Sharma in that list, can single-handedly win the match on his day. Really wish MS Dhoni and Bumrah were playing in this year's BBL. MSD needs to play in these leagues to stay match fit since he has a lot of free time these days. Bumrah could also prosper with such experiences early in his career.
/u/lee98 for creating this amazing sub.
/u/thedeatheater1410 for shitposting on the Wankhede big screen.
Who would you drop?
stream pls.
Ahh, the Basin and Hagley Oval. Best places to play cricket in NZ.
*checks his age* Fucking hell, he's younger than me.
Fuck, how the hell is this Renshaw guy only 20?
Just when you thought that they couldn't go further down the table.
It's the ol'reddit switcharoo.
[My view for today](https://i.redd.it/llyns1igpg7y.jpg)
**C.B.R.L.S. Kumara.exe** extracting... Chandradasa Brahammana Ralalage Lahiru Sudesh Kumara ^^^old ^^^shit
&gt;economical. Considering the scores in the series.
How shit are the Sixers if they manage to lose this?
Can't generalise based on an obvious troll's repetitive tirades.
Yeah, but Dhoni isn't playing, is he? Most of the young guys wouldn't be picked because the teams would only want the best overseas talent available. Don't see why guys like Yuvraj and Raina shouldn't play in the BBL if given the opportunity. They won't ever play Test cricket and the BBL stint would give them exposure for future limited-overs matches in Australia.
Don't know if that's true though. The winner of the 2016 WT20 didn't play any T20Is in the lead up to the tournament. WI played their last T20I 5 months before the start of the tournament. England, the runners-up, played a couple of T20I a month before the tournament in SA. Generally, very few teams play many T20Is in the lead up to the tournament. These matches are just scattered across the calendar, played as an afterthought at the end of a long tour. It would be better for the teams and the fans if there were regional qualifying tournaments for the WT20, a few months before the tournament and these shall be the only T20Is outside the main tournaments.
TBF, India wasn't that good during that era and this reflects the financial stature of Indian cricket in the 90s. This wouldn't happen today because both those situations have been reversed.
Ramiz Raja, James Brayshaw and Sanjay Manjrekar. I want to go deaf.
Why did you link a photo of the team from a couple of years ago in the post?
India also used to get beaten by Zimbabwe and Kenya. I didn't say that India were shit, they weren't that good in the 90s. Most of the wins that we got were at home. It is quite a bit different from the current situation where we are competitive all around the world and invincible at home.
ODIs are mostly played in the form of bilaterals like Test matches. There are some ICC tournaments like the World Cup and Champions Trophy which are quadrennial events. There are 3 upcoming ODI series scheduled among the top nations: Australia vs Pakistan starts on the 13th India vs England starts on the 15th South Africa vs Sri Lanka starts on the 28th.
Shite throw Garry
Wouldn't make a difference. You are assuming that the toss has given the home team a significant advantage in those series. The reason why away teams have suffered is because of the lack of preparedness to counter the alien conditions. England won 4 out 5 tosses against India in the recent series and lost the series 4-0. It would be better if teams were given more time to acclimatise to the foreign conditions by way of practice matches and training sessions. Teams just fly out to these countries and start playing the Tests, atm.
That's coz it is held at the same time as their international home season. The top international players who are free at the time do play in the BBL. I don't see anything wrong with Indian players who do not have any international commitments playing in the league.
Most of the country receives heavy rainfall during those months, especially coastal cities like Chittagong. [SA's 2015 tour](http://www.espncricinfo.com/bangladesh-v-south-africa-2015/engine/series/817095.html) was also scheduled during the same time.
Get a short leg in.
Coz Bangladesh's dry season corresponds with the Australian home season. Australia don't have much free time during Oct-Mar.
TBH, I quite like the idea of separate Test and limited-overs series. The gap between the India-Aus Test and ODI series is ideal. Generally, if the ODI series follows the Tests, it is just a sideshow as players are too tired and the fans have had enough of the two sides. The only thing is that it should be the same for both tours. India should also play the Test and ODI series separately in England.
Fucking hell no. Why did you have to do this MSD? Seriously, the Champions Trophy is just around the corner.
I think he was good enough to captain till the 2019 World Cup.
I KNOW RIGHT! MSD RETIRED BECAUSE OF THIS SHITE BREAK. FUCK YOU ECB AND BCCI.
I thought that they would play a Test in Centurion instead of Durban. I guess this means that India would get a Test in Centurion and P.E. may not host the Boxing Day Test since Jo'burg, Durban and Cape Town are certainties for an India tour.
&gt; a guy who selected himself for a Ranji game just so that he could make himself eligible for a post to bypass a rule Haha, that story never fails to amuse me.
The 2013-14 series was supposed to consist of 3 Tests, 7 ODIs and some T20s, but it was reduced to 2 Tests and 3 ODIs by the BCCI.
I 'member
Wouldn't they want to play a 5th bowler? Maybe Agar?
Yeah, Head might be a good option at 6.
Take it easy m8.
Shit, I think I may have Wade-rrhea.
A WILD CUNT APPEARED
Are we counting centuries in Pakistan?
Legendary broadcast from Nein, zooming in on a man's butt crack.
What happened to /u/mtabot?
Ohh. That's shit if correct.
India played with a similar combination in 2014 in England and won the series, although this time they'd be playing with other teams as well. India have serious issues with their 5,6 and 7. There's the option of playing Pandya at 7 and Jadeja at 8 but, that makes the bowling pretty thin since, they can't rely on Pandya for 10 overs. If they play Jadeja at 7, it weakens the lower-order batting. The only option is to play Raina, Pandya and Jadeja at 6,7 and 8. They could try to get 10 overs out of Raina and Pandya but, it means that the 4 regular bowlers have to be in top form.
Ravi: THIS IS CRICKET, NOT SOCCER.
NOOOOO MISBAE
[Post-Match Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/5mig41/post_match_thread_australia_vs_pakistan_3rd_test/)
&gt; Or are too many of the Pakistani team muslim and can't drink so it would be insensitive? Everyone of them is Muslim. They could drink some lime juice?
Can Australia win in the sub-continent?
The difference is that McGrath had played in India, Pakistan and South Africa by the time he played 26 Tests. He averaged 43 and 35 in India and Pakistan respectively. Hazlewood has only played in SL, among the countries that may challenge his bowling. He averages 32, which is still pretty good but, I think that tougher tests await him before we can consider him a great.
Great stuff.
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU CUNTS? THIS IS A SLEDGE THREAD!
Surprised you follow Test match cricket.
&gt;Brigading another subreddit is not allowed I know that AutoMod has been set up to remove any non-np reddit link, but I feel that just posting a link does not constitute brigading. I know that it has been done to be on the safe side. &gt;The latter half of the year saw a growth in the number of low-quality, low-content posts both being submitted and being reported. I feel that some low-quality posts or memes weren't removed because they got to the top of the sub. I have no issues with that but, it just seems a bit arbitrary. I think with a lot of these rules there's a massive grey area and the mods need to apply their discretion. The mods did a great job to stop the excessive spam in the Australia vs Pakistan match thread. &gt; "Classic Matches Wednesday" has not exactly been the most popular TBH, I liked the State of the Game Thread Suggestion: It would be nice to have a cool formatting for the flair post. It just seems too bland.
Yeah, the last two series b/w Afghanistan and Zimbabwe were pretty close. [In Zim](http://www.espncricinfo.com/zimbabwe-v-afghanistan-2015-16/content/series/924621.html), [In UAE](http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/953331.html)
I thought we were talking about Test matches.
Lol most of the thread is talking about Tests, I guess. Also, generally "the pitch talk" surrounds Test matches.
*searches for his top comment* Finds [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/5i9b13/sledge_thread_australia_vs_pakistan/db6f1oi/)
I think all members of the Test squad would prepare in Dubai. The members who aren't part of the ODI team would arrive first in late-January. Others like Smith and Warner would leave after the NZ ODI series, unless they are rested for that series.
Meme has officially been killed.
Forced the players to play by offering them money.
Youngster's gonna make his debut.
Is this shindig going to be broadcasted?
Can't say I'm surprised, FICA has maintained a similar position for a while now. There might still be a couple of international players who'd be willing to go to Pakistan for the PSL but, I don't think the proposed series against West Indies would go through.
Ashish Nehraji
Both have been rested.
Would it be weird for BCCI to conduct a Board President's XI match against a touring team, considering that they don't have a President at the moment?
What is up with that VIRAT sponsor on the Mumbai players' shirts? Is it Kohli's company?
Yeah, but it is highly unlikely that he would go for big money. Overseas opening batsmen are not the hot picks in the IPL. Generally, fast bowling all-rounders earn big bucks.
Well, Zimbabwe Cricket [announced the schedule for their series with SL a month before the first Test.](http://www.espncricinfo.com/tri-nation-zimbabwe-2016-17/content/story/1059699.html)
r/RanganaHerath to bamboozle the Quoteans and surpass Daniel Vettori to become the most successful left-arm spinner ever.
FFS build a proper stadium in Delhi already.
Because most of the north-eastern states do not have cricket associations affiliated with the BCCI at the moment. One of the recommendations of the Lodha committee was to have associations for these states. [Guwahati has a really nice stadium](https://www.facebook.com/barshaparastadium/), but it hasn't hosted any international match as yet.
BUNSEN BURNERS^^TM
Yeah, I'm more in favour of a league which runs in a 4-year cycle. The top 2 teams at the end of the cycle could then contest a final match/series at a neutral venue.
That was due to the weird scheduling. The first 2 matches were held in early September but, the final was played in March. Also, it was reduced to 3 teams since India pulled out of the tournament.
&gt; DRS will be used. Yeah, thank fuck MSD is there. Parthiv and Saha were useless in those situations.
Fucking Chinnaswamy-esque ground.
Ashwin hasn't been great today. Did "you know who" visit this thread?
350 easily now.
The last 3 balls were yorkers.
Nah.
It's a bad day when a completely mistimed one-handed shot goes for six.
Nah, a couple of months ago.
Batting side. Ball becomes wet, the ball comes onto the bat and it travels faster in the outfield.
*looks at flair*
&gt; Just 2 balls in ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Brilliant shot from Jadhav. Obligatory fuck you to SanjuManju.
Haha, sorry. I was just being pedantic.
Shot of the innings that.
I don't know, it's not hard to get out for 1(10) like Dhawan.
New Year, Same Kohli.
India has only lost ~~once~~ twice while chasing when Kohli gets a century. #JustSayin #NoJinx
[Twice](http://www.espncricinfo.com/new-zealand-v-india-2014/engine/match/667641.html)
It's even atm
Kohli is 28. This is his 9th year in international cricket. Both numbers are composite, hence these aren't his prime years.
Kedar Jadhav dealing with an injury like Gordon Greenidge used to.
Yes, but he's well settled atm.
I don't know about that.
Haha, there's no way that's out.
His batting in LOIs has always been worse than Jadeja. He's not a big hitter.
What is Pandya doing?
Can't hear with all the Vuvuzela noise.
They are continuously flashing that buy tickets at BCCI ticker. [Here's what you'll find on the site](http://www.bcci.tv/tickets)
Thanks.
I don't know why would you drop a bowler for a batsman when the bowling couldn't defend 350?
A wild guess.
Yeah, more tournaments like the Desert T20 would be awesome(if they decide to broadcast them)
Nagpur isn't small.
Fuck these 'Gades threads.
First Monty, now Sriram. How many spin mentors/coaches do they need?
I think /u/TekHokioi has a point. Let's consider an example of a news about the announcement of the Australian squad for India. The general title would be: Australia announce squad for India tour, Swepson selected. Editorialised title: Australian selectors are complete dumbfucks for selecting Swepson for the India tour. Now the editorialised title would just lead the discussion into arguing about whether Swepson deserves to be there or not, and the thread may just turn into a flame war. Also, people may downvote OP's post because they do not agree with his opinion but, the news is relevant for the discussion in the sub. OP could easily post the news title and mention his viewpoint in the comment section where there would be a discussion about Swepson's selection along with other comment threads discussing the other selections in the squad.
&gt; ~~Moderately fancy~~ Cheap restaurant meal for 2: A$10 FTFY &gt; IPL ticket: A$10 - A$15 The cheapest one.
Yeah, I wasn't talking about dirt cheap places but, a meal for 2 at a moderately fancy restaurant would definitely cost upwards of 500 rupees.
Your description or someone else's? :P
Probs Sepulchre
FUCK YOU, r/KingKohli for lyf!
Fucking hell Sanju.
Woah highest score! Really thought he would've had a higher score.
That was a six for sure.
369
Wow, this is some seriously shitty bowling display.
[Seems like my prediction was too conservative](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/5ov6e4/match_thread_india_vs_england_at_barabati_stadium/dcmhhjp/?context=3)
Just don't.
Seriously, why would anyone want to be a bowler? Something's wrong with the game if 350 isn't a defendable total.
Right or wrong, he just seems like a dick when he's overemphasising on their pronunciations and keeps correcting others when they don't say it correctly.
Southbee^^^^sorry
Changed the spelling of his name too.
I'm not sure about that, I searched for the definition of a whitewash after I submitted this post and some sources mentioned that a minimum of 3 games must be played to constitute a whitewash.
&gt; I would argue that there are already significant advantages being given to home teams. Many national teams are now dictating the nature of the wicket, they play in familiar conditions and are close to home with a parochial crowd and support. That's why away wins are cherished much more than home wins. What's the point of touring if the conditions and the crowd aren't against the visitors? You are right that there shouldn't be excessive undue advantage given to the home side, but abandoning the toss may not achieve the required balance.
Star Sports 3 "Kommentary" &gt; Channel Nein Commentary
Fuck you Yograj.
Yeah, but they've realised that it's a shitty idea and they've now scheduled a T20 Tri-Series with England for 2018, instead.
&gt; v (whoever they're playing now) U wot m8?
Should've played Rishabh Pant.
Thanks to you guys.
Raina is growing that beard to hide his double chin. r/FatShaming
Nah.
Ball hit grass, but not enough.
ODI and T20I squads were announced simultaneously.
Isn't it available already?
They were available earlier as a combo with the Australia Test match and ticketgenie was selling the T20 tickets.
It's alright.
At least get 160 bhenchod.
WT20 in 2018 probably.
Jadeja should open the bowling to clean up Jason Roy. Oh wait...
WT20. I think they can still organise it, the next ICC meeting would decide it. It may be held in SA.
What the fuck did Dhoni do to you?
Rested for upcoming Test matches.
It's an obvious joke.
Raina so fat that Kanpur experiences a mini-earthquake every time he jumps in his delivery stride.
Billu posts shit comments continously abusing a player. Other users on the thread disagree with him and ridicule him for the non-existent logic in the comments. Billu calls out all the other commenters and the sub biased agents of the said player. Don't be Billu, don't be a chutiya.
I think he isn't a lower order batsman. He's playing at 5 and 6 in the team whereas he's a top-order batsman. Trying him at 3 wouldn't be that bad and Raina should just be given the license to slog in the last 5 overs.
Yeah, you need Pant otherwise your Hardik gets exposed.
&gt;A state-by-state approach will be taken to determine the most appropriate location to host this additional fixture So, they would most likely give the additional home game to another ground in the same state of the franchise. Canberra could get both the Sydney games. Geelong for the Melbourne games. Fremantle Oval for Perth. Townsville for Brisbane. Glenelg Oval for Adelaide Don't know about Hobart.
Yup, Aurora Stadium looks good.
Then fuck Canberra. They aren't getting any BBL games ever.
Seems serious, they should rest him for the India tour so as to not aggravate it further.
1. Old Monk Vijay 2. KLPD Rahul 3. Che Pujara 4. r/KingKohli 5. Jinx Rahane 6. Ravi Pitchwin 7. Young Saha 8. Sir Jadeja 9. Giant Yadav 10\. Gangsta Mo-Shami 11\. YouMess Yadaav ^^lame 12\. Bhuvi Kumar 13\. 303 Nair 14\. PeePee Patel 15\. CoolDeep Yadav
Nah, his Gangsta look in IPL 2016 gave him that nickname. Also, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/CricketShitpost/comments/5e3ty9/mosham_giving_us_his_best_gangsta_look/)
Patel is the reserve opener. The other options are Shikhar Dhawan and Gautam Gambhir.
Pranav Dhanawade?
Wasn't the Ashes Test supposed to be the grand opening event for the stadium, if they complete it in time?
Wouldn't it be weird to bring in a player and make him the captain of the side? Isn't Finch the most likely candidate to captain the team?
Hahaha, wtf?
THIS ISN'T THE SLEDGE THREAD YOU CUNTS!
&gt; Even Bangalore has been a dustpit during tests in recent years. Haha, just look at the pitch for the previous Test played there against SA in 2015, it was as flat as the pitches in the IPL.
&gt; the spinners took 8 wickets in about 34 overs against SA before the rain on day one That's because SA were shit against spin. Just because spinners took more wickets in a match doesn't mean that the pitch was a dustbowl. In the Aus vs Ind MCG Test in 2014, seamers took 28 out the 35 wickets(Ashwin took 5 of the remaining 7). Does that mean that it was a green top?
&gt;Dhoni (wk) You mean the guy who retired in 2014?
Goes to show OP's awareness about the series.
It's pretty certain that the squad for the SL T20Is would be the BBL|06 All-Star XI(minus the internationals)
[Disgraceful stuff from Shoaib Malik.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CricketShitpost/comments/5q9j0x/thats_not_cricket_malik/)
PLEASE STOP!
Federer.
Thanks, Tubbs.
Ump wants to see him bat too.
Mishra at 8, not really a long line-up.
SHAMSHU BBY AGAIN
Wait LBW was out of the question for India, right?
Outside the line of what? It doesn't matter if it pitches outside off.
But no Pitchwin?
So that foreign players can warm-up for the IPL.
Unpopular opinion on the sub: Zing bails are shit because they light up when the ball hits them, not when they are dislodged.
&gt; think they're brilliant and add a great value to the game. Yes, they are fun to watch but, they are inconsistent with the laws of the game. The laws say that the bails have to be dislodged off the groove of the stump to deem a batsman out, but Zing bails light up when the ball hits the stump and the circuit is broken.
Hey, we complain when our commentators aren't biased, and sometimes we sack them.
How many times can you be beaten off the slower ball?
80-Year Old Redditor found.
Nice work Jarvis.
Needed a Jaddu throw.
ZING Bails ^^TM
~~Send for the Buttler~~
Fucking hell, what a beauty Mishraji!!
FUCK YOU MISHRAJI!
Get Chahal, Stokes is fucking clueless against spin.
Great stuff Mishy Boy!
Why is Raina still bowling? Come on.
K
[Almost called it](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/5qtk9e/match_thread_india_vs_england_at_vidarbha_cricket/dd272v0/)
TBF, only one of them was shit.
[Calling /u/Wankhede](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/5qtk9e/match_thread_india_vs_england_at_vidarbha_cricket/dd25m64/)
I know the umpiring was shit but, did that dot ball really cost England the game? They weren't able to get bat to ball on 4 deliveries of the over.
Jos Buttler, who was their main man, looked even more clueless.
Maybe, Rahul could have played the balls that Kohli did and got more runs. You can't determine that for sure.
Nobody is arguing that there was shit umpiring in the match. But, comments accusing the umpires of being biased are unjust. Umpiring didn't *cost* England the match. The ICC need to change the rules regarding the umpires. Either the have to introduce DRS or have Elite panel umpires for T20Is.
r/CricketShitpost
&gt; Choudhary incidents are bound to happen. For the millionth time, it was Shamshuddin. Read the article. At least get your facts right before constantly spamming and trolling on every thread on the sub.
I went away for an hour, what the fuck happened NZ?
&gt; best of 3 One day Not "best of 3".
Ellen was in the 2010 edition.
Nice. It was delayed for too long but at least there's some action taken against such blatant violations.
10 in the day. I really wanted to get it over with this week.
They're listed alphabetically.
How is Di Maria in game? Do you use 4-3-2-1?
Get a room.
After the longest national anthem, we have the worst now.
That SA alternate jersey looks quite good.
Yet. It'll change in October.
Despite the constant copypastas covfefe
Where do I buy one of these cool new bat sensors?
Was he talking best batsmen or matchwinners?
Don't poke the TOIGER, Stokesy.
Wow, Tamim is pissed.
It's like when Kohli became really good. No matter how big of a cunt a player is, if he starts to perform amazingly you start to respect them.
Yeah, you should vote him out next week.
This is not the IPL, there are no play-offs.
*WHOOSH*
Unfortunately, all 10 teams would play each other in the 2019 WC.
Hard for a No.6 to get a double hundred.
11WW..
England should chase this with their batting line-up.
Highly unlikely. This isn't a T20. So, most people would be at work for most of the match. It's about maximising the revenue.
Ah, I thought you wanted him to torture minors in England.
Did you get position tokens or hazard tokens?
Nice, thanks.
r/CricketShitpost has you covered.
I think they should drop Neesham and play a regular quick in McClenaghan or Milne. Also, is Latham suited to the #5 position? Don't think he's a big hitter which may be a requirement at that position.
Polly.
Except for SanjuManju removing his shades before making his prediction.
Country representation: Aus: 3 Ind: 2 Eng: 2 NZ: 2 SA: 2 SL: 1 Pak: 1 Ban: 1
Great stuff Wadey
Their bilateral T20 team is shit too. Their best players are only available when there is no T20 league going on in the world.
England no longer BATDEEP^^TM ?
For the ball to not hit the roof, [like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2L1nySxMG1o)
&gt; I cry evry tiem WHY?
Because no. of games played at Etihad &lt; No. of games played with spidercam. The roof may become a problem if more grounds had them.
Grind today. 4 tokens would go to waste if you buy the pack.
Keane and KDB
Indian Education system is fucked.
So, only 4 players in the main XI for the remaining leagues? Or will they keep shifting the players to reserves every week?
They're actually not shit.
13 places for Overall TOTS are left. I think only 3 will be from Ligue 1; Cavani, Silva and someone else.
Suggestions for RM? Under 700K would be nice.
Wow, you beat Star Sports. They still have 3 hours to go for their marathon build-up towards the match.
AHHHHHHHH! WTF DOING YOU INDIA! NEED TO GO AT 25 RPO ATLEAST!!!! GOOOOOOO
&gt; Rohit batting Fek u Nohit, we need Yuvi &gt; Yuvraj batting Fek u UV, we need Dhoni &gt; Dhoni batting Fek u Doni, we need Jaddu
TBF, this was India's weak link coming into the tournament. There is no real aggressive player in their Top 5.
Absolute long hop from Hassan.
Friendship ended with Wahab, Hassan is my best friend now.
Damn, what a pasting for Wahab.
Wahab doesn't want to get smashed anymore.
Bhenchod, I'm a better umpire than Murray.
Um dude, have you been living under a rock for the last 6 months?
Ask Kumaar
Selfish Virat playing for his 100
Sarfraz darr gaya BC
He didn't have a choice. Wahab and Amir had gone off the field.
You know you're just feeding the stereotype?
Yorkers are low percentage balls early on. Batsmen aren't looking to hit every ball at the start. Yorkers may get wickets early on, or in middle as a surprise but, they are most effective at the death.
Oi, an Indian said that.
I don't know about overrated, but he acts like a fucking tool when he is captaining the side on the field.
Mouthing off his own players when they make mistakes only lowers their confidence. He needs to be less aggressive towards his players and more towards the opposition.
Those new "editors" that they have hired from sites like Sportskeeda have worsened the quality of the content.
Have they what? Hired sportskeeda authors?
Wrong. [Look at this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Climate_of_the_United_Kingdom#Rainfall)
Actually, your theory doesn't work always. I did 2 trade-ins today and when I put in the attacking token first, I got a defensive token. Then, I put in a defensive token first and I got an attacking token.
Bad luck, but it's good that they have made the event easier and you'll win most of the times. I completed the plan today.
What happened to Gunathilaka's alternate kit?
Hey, new alt.
Dickswella is going to explode.
He's not wearing the alternate shirt like his teammates.
Didn't get it back from laundry.
Yup. Never know with the ICC, though.
I think Dhoni, Pandya and Jadhav would play as floaters in the line-up. If only a few overs are left, then Pandya would be sent up the order, otherwise Jadhav would be at 6 and Pandya at 7.
Told'ya guys Kusal was all class.
No.
India don't want wickets through their bowling.
Bhuvi looks a thing of beauty in that slow-mo replay.
21 off 2 overs.
Hahaha, WTF people are blaming Yuvraj's batting for this loss? There are some fickle cunts on this sub.
The batsman moved, he thought that maybe the umpire would let him off.
Dammit even a wicket won't help. Thissara and Asela are next.
Keep bowling length, keep leaking runs.
Ironic
You're kidding right? 20 runs wouldn't have made a difference the way SL were going. They dawdled in the last 5 overs. Indian bowlers took 1 wixket combined. It doesn't matter if it was a batting friendly wicket.
Um, you say we were 30 runs short as the wicket didn't have anything for the bowlers but still want to add a bowler for a batsman?
Please post that amazing slow-mo of Bhuvi's run-out.
Me. Completed both EPL and Bundesliga TOTS Reserved plan twice, have 75 Gold players in both the starter plans. Completed the Ligue 1 Reserve 1 once, have 60 gold players extra. By my rough math that's 400 turns.
Yeah, I have a similar question. What if we add Vertonghen, Azpi and Koscielny to the list?
LOVE THAT FADED FLAIR.
&gt; mushfiqur rahman Did The Fizz name his son after Mushy?
Hi Mike, you said last year that you weren't ready to become a full time coach of an international cricket team. Has that position changed now? Do you think Australia have been disadvantaged by the rain affected matches or do they deserve the position they are in, considering how they have played in the 2 games?
The WI tour begins 5 days after the end of the Champions Trophy. It'll be better if the new coach(if there is one) eases into the job and has time to interact with the players and the captain before they take the field. After the WI tour, there would be a tour to Sri Lanka. There may be a considerable gap between the two tours and the new coach can settle in before the SL series.
Zero.
Thanks.
If you're near Reus, replace KDB. Otherwise, a better LW.
Yeah, I forgot to do that this time. Unwittingly, I thought that he might be rare.
They've even reduced the drop rates for La Liga tokens now.
Coz' I have not got a single token after playing 50 turns. And I'm not alone as you can see from other posts on the sub.
Yup, Greater Noida near Delhi.
SL defeating Pakistan wouldn't really be an upset.
That really weakens the batting.
Somebody gild him
Wait, when did Hardick change his idiotic #228 jersey to #33?
Fuck off, Tubbs.
This was the problem for India in the previous match as well. They couldn't get wickets, SL weren't off to a flying start either.
Nah, that's not it.
LEL, their run rate wasn't above [6 before the 28th over.](http://www.espncricinfo.com/icc-champions-trophy-2017/engine/match/1022361.html?view=comparison)
WTF shut-up Sanju. They don't need Morris, they have de Kock at the top of the order.
Fucking awesome catch from Dhoni. It was a big edge.
Pitchwin sat out of the matches on good pitches, comes back on a dustbowl specifically made for him by the ICC and gets a wicket. Shit bowler getting wickets.
Teri gaand kyun jali?
TBH, they should bowl with Yuvi to complete the other 4 overs of the 5th bowler.
Suicide from South Africa.
Duminy's double hundred to rescue the Saffers.
Yeah, but SA's team is not like the '90s India team.
Might be the most embarrassing dismissal for du Plessis. Getting bowled by Hardik Pandya.
Not for the ABdV one. It was just suicide.
DAE think that they shouldn't let the crowd hear the 3rd umpire's voice?
C'mon that wasn't a wide.
It isn't India. Those people would be pissed with all the noise inside their homes.
Username checks out.
Haan bhai
&gt;India lose This is fixed &gt;India in a comfortable position This is fixed.
Bangbros.
Both of them called for it. Bad judgement, total suicide.
Thank You. Apparently, people can't understand this.
Suicidal runs galore today.
Wow, this is going downhill pretty quickly.
Bish can't pronounce Phehlukwayo.
Maybe, it's better than this at least.
Hahaha, what a cunt.
Quoteas
Has this league been recognised by any international board or the ACC? I don't see the point of naming franchisees after countries when most of the players don't belong to that country.
Um, England had colonised almost all of the Cricket playing countries at some point in the world's history.
Is 530K for Sule a good price?
Yeah, I got impatient and bought him.
Hafeez hits a six. WHAAAAT?
Need an FB post with those lines.
Thanks Virat
So, Scotland's loss against Namibia would count against their chances at qualification for the 13-team league but, a win against Zimbabwe would count for nothing?
I can't even complete the la liga reserve now, due to the shitty gold token drop rate.
r/Cricket/wiki/schedule **30**: Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe (1st ODI - Galle International Stadium) **2**: Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe (2nd ODI - Galle International Stadium) **6**: Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe (3rd ODI - Mahinda Rajapaksa International Cricket Stadium, Hambantota) **8**: Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe (4th ODI - Mahinda Rajapaksa International Cricket Stadium, Hambantota) **10**: Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe (5th ODI - Mahinda Rajapaksa International Cricket Stadium, Hambantota) **14-18**: Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe (Only Test - R Premadasa Stadium, Colombo)
Can't believe this shitty WhatsApp forward is on the front page of this sub.
GOOD ON'YA DAVEY!
FRIED RICE &gt;&gt;&gt; BIRYANI ^^^^^JK
/u/speerosity, are you man enough to turn on inbox replies for this thread.
10\. Panic button pressed.
KARMAWHORE
Do it.
Hafeez pls do a Hafeez today.
Fucking Hafeez is going to do a Hafeez today.
So, how have people already got him?
That was catchable. or maybe not.
GGWP Pakistan.
C'mon Bumrah, just one decent over. Bowl 6 fucking yorkers FFS.
WTF are you doing Bumrag?
Why has every Indian and Pakistanis accent become so angelicised? Do they not know the real pronunciation of Fakhar?
Chutiya Ramiz.
Wow, that Gujarati accent from Anushka is absolutely shit.
In some cheerful news for Indians, India are winning 3-0 against Pakistan in the hockey game.
It's not necessary to fast for sportspersons.
GGWP Pakistan. All over, congrats on the win and the CT.
Seems like the Aussies are more happy than the Pakistanis after the fall of the previous wicket.
Abuse the fuck out of the bowler. Bhenchod and Madarchod are nice words.
&gt; Do people here nor get what a choke means? Nope. People here believe that losing a knockout game = choke.
&gt; Made 120 from our first three skins but then fucking -31 in our fourth. I don't get this. Are you talking about cricket? Wait, is that indoor cricket?
&gt;delivery from the 20th century?
So, WT20 every 3 years, World Cup every 4 years. What would be the frequency of the Test Championship and the Champions Trophy?
I hope Timmy is right this time. I feel they should increase the time-frame if they are unable to create a balanced structure in the 2-year cycle. However hard they try to create a fair fixture list, if some teams are not going to play the top teams in the cycle then, it would create an unfair structure.
Nice timing Ray/TheQuint
Yeah, but it is around the time the differences between Kohli and Kumble emerged.
Coz' we're all optimistic fools like him.
The difference between the two fuck-ups is that no-balls are part of the game. You can only eradicate them with continuous practice and Bumrah didn't deliberately bowl a no-ball. The Pandya run-out was just selfishness from Jadeja and the player needs to be told that what he did wasn't in the interest of the team. I don't care who got the apparent "dressing down" but, I'd be more pissed at a player selfishly running out his teammate than a bowler overstepping when he had dismissed the batsman.
FYI: I have decent gamechangers which boost the ovr to 93. I just pressed on best line-up before taking this screenshot.
Has he started his own sporting goods company?
Jinx Rahane in Tests, Talent Sharma in LOIs.
Hopefully, there's an India vs Afghanistan Test there this season. I'm definitely attending.
Oh FFS
Also, Afghanistan and Ireland get $40m each, from the $240m pie allotted for the associates.
&gt; In reality, probably 70% of revenue comes from India, BS. There's no tangible way to calculate that. BCCI just came up with that number arbitrarily.
Mohammad Nabi would be proud.
It's a good start but, it'd be better if each team plays the other team in the league at least once over the course of the cycle. Looking at the rough plan, there is plenty of room to accommodate the extra 2 series in the league. Also, hopefully the boards and ICC have common sense to schedule Test(s) for Ireland, Afghanistan and Zimbabwe, when the top 9 teams tour England, India and South Africa respectively.
Asking the wrong guy.
It hosts at least a couple of matches when teams tour UAE for their series against Pakistan. It was also Afghanistan's home ground until they relocated to Greater Noida. Yes, the innumerable multi-nation ODI cups have ceased to exist.
Afghanistan and Ireland won't play Tests till the end of 2017. They are still part of the Intercontinental Cup. They can't play that tournament and Test cricket at the same time. Then again, you never know with ICC and all these cricket boards. Moreover: &gt;why not arrange a test match with Afghanistan at Lahore or Karachi? Have you not been following the news for the past couple of weeks?
USERNAME DOESN'T CHECK OUT.
&gt; does anyone play in purple? Rising Pune Supergiant
Aw fuck. Just copied from the r/Cricket/wiki/schedule that I updated earlier. Sorry.
Yup, true. Tried clearing cache but the issue persists.
Ziyech is one of the better card in the program. If you want to play a CDM formation, then get Dendoncker. If you're replacing the CM, then Herrera should be replaced instead of KDB. Most importantly, get Gamechangers instead of using Bronze players.
Wait for next year's England Tour.
New LW and new CM instead of Trigueros.
I think it's easy to save up that much FP, even if you're F2P.
&gt; nobody else is down more than $4m Except fucking Zimbabwe, who're getting the same sum.
&gt; According to Wally Edwards and Giles Clarke, BCCI brings in about 70% of the entire ICC revenue. FTFY
So, does it mean that 30% of BCCI's revenue comes from China?
Then, how much is it?
Yeah, but I assume that it's a significant figure. Oppo, the main sponsor of the Indian team, is also from China.
More like "Why does the General Manager want 4 times his salary when that money could be given to the security guards or clerks?"
The 1987 WC was held in October-November while the 1992 WC was held in February-March. I guess they wanted at least a 4 year gap between the 2 tournaments. Also, South Africa were being re-admitted into international cricket in late-1991.
It's a suspended ban. He'd be banned if he commits such an act again.
*Suspended ban
I wouldn't trust this as the official press release from CSA in January said that India would tour for 4 Tests, 5 ODIs and 3 T20Is. Also, it stated that they were looking to start the tour on Boxing Day as the T20 league would finish on 16th December. Secondly, New Zealand have their own series against WI starting in late-November and Bangladesh players would be busy in the BPL in Nov-Dec.
Part of the one-day series squad. Looks like he'll be in the squad for the SL ODI series.
4-2-2-2 is a really bad formation IMO. Usually I need to beat only 1 player to score goals.
In LOIs, he generally fields in the slips in Tests.
&gt; if India play a Test at Galle They are
