Who will ever forget the big 4 legendary qb draft of Eli Manning, Phillip Rivers, Big Ben, and...JP Losman....
Maybe Canadians just hate Kevin Love
He wasnt that bad. Hes still a Dalton line qb
The real answers are at the bottom of the page
Shit youre onto something. I hope LeSean doesnt demand a trade because of this
The whole universe is.
Those special classes or hot yoga in general? Hot yoga is actually a great way to lose weight
Nope, theyre legal, just banned by most sport leagues
http://media.giphy.com/media/9g66oyN8ZwizK/giphy.gif
The newest product from Apple ILube!
Yep. He tops out at 85
As a dual citizen, America is so much fatter but then again most of the time Im in some redneck part of upstate NY, Florida and Kentucky
That would be wicked if their was a pitcher that was equally skilled with both arms. Realistically if said pitcher wanted to, they could pitch 2x as many games as anyother pitcher and pitch twice a week. Tommy John on left arm? Just pitches with his right. If he was good with both, lets say Mark Buehrle level, he might get the biggest contract for a pitcher
They hate the Bruins to so it just doesnt make sense to support a Boston team
Dont forget Canada We produced the last 2 first rounders
hmmm, Im Canadian and its one of our top sports. Im sure Lithuanians, Argentinians, Venezualans, Brazilians, Spaniards, Australians, Chinese, Philipinoes, and Greeks would disagree with you. Unless you dont count our contries as world nations...
layups?
Damn, I hope they bring back Wrestlemania to the SkyDome
maybe
Id argue this Cavs team without LBJ is worst than this years Heat team. This is almost the same Cavs team as last year that had a shitty record then Lebron came in. The Heat just barely made the playoffs and showing they had a competitive team after having discover Whiteside
I was thinking probably Amir Johnson but I think youre right on this one
Yes. The Spurs got eliminated in the 1st round this year and one can only expect regression from the Spurs. The Spurs are still the better team, short term, no ones arguing that but they play in the west. Put him on the Celtics with tons of upside and draft picks Id say even in the short term the Celtics can easily become a middle seed in the East. Who would you say has a better chance of winning, Spurs with LMA vs any top 6 team in the west or Boston with LMA vs teams like the Raptors, Bucks, Brooklyn, Wizards. I think Boston is better for the future but I also think they have a better chance making a long playoff run in the short term against the shitty teams in the East
Magic Mike's Jays talk is the best
Id say so. OP makes lame jokes
Here I was thinking I was unique...
Also first time its happened in 37 years. Also as for your first comment, horse racing is very popular among the Southern upper middle class +. Most of family members throw big parties for the Kentucky derby specifically which is probably the bigger of the big 3 races. My immediate family has brought and continued the tradition in Canada and its picked up steam among family friends and residents in my city
And be able to have the skill necesarry to pitch at the highest level of pro baseball in both arms
What does asleep feel like?
Bautista: "That shit does magic for me"
JR is a good golfer TIL
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Chris also extends his hit streak to 17 games. Dudes a beast at the plate. Scares the shit out of me when the balls hit to him tho but when youre hitting like him you keep him in the lineup
It looks like theres some good chemistry. Something that struck me was Martin and Navarro celebrating together at the end. I thought Navarro was pissed at the whole situation and himself getting replaced but it looks like hes at least cool with Martin
Id say Sammy Watkins so the person that would replace him is still in school. If you want to split it into defense, Mario Williams and later replaced by Marcel Dareus
Its become tradition for me and my dad to by every starting Bills qb for years now. I got Losman, Edwards, Fitz, and a Manuel one. Id like to get an Orton one at some point too
Or Moustakas over JD
To be fair a major reason GS is so good defensively is because of their offense. Scoring efficiently allows them to set their defense in transition. Its one of the main reason the hack-a-whoever strategy doesnt work. Any sort of stoppage whether it be through free throws or in bounding after a made basket is beneficial for the team on defense (the one that just scored or shot ft's) by not allowing more effective transition scoring
Thats what winning does
https://vid.me/BDRQ also 13:40 http://pmd.fan590.com/podcasts/blue_jays_this_week/bjtw_20150605_230558--BlueJaysTalk---June-5---Friday.mp3 Basically people are trolling Mike Willner's radio program after Jays games saying theres witchcraft
Tom Jon Sturgeon
I put down JD, Martin, Bautista, and Reyes. I hope people dont pick players just because of their team. Lets get the guys in that deserve to play
I think its a little more difficult considering the elevated injury risk in hockey
The Jays rotation has been on fire the last month tho. We are out of that contention now
What? The Packers are one of the most successful teams in the nfl. Im good with trash talk but that claim is totally invalid
I love Rajai. Its a shame hes been playing second fiddle to other players these past couple of years because he absolutely has the value to start at center.
Checkmate Stanton
The women of Cleveland will be exploring Delly's land down under tonight
You're absolutely right. As a golf fan I take that back. Golf easily has the best camera work
Brb watching Japanese baseball when Muni takes over
Pippen tho... Pippen alone is a top 35 player of all time
This tweet from Lou Will's AMA answers that question https://twitter.com/TeamLou23/status/604786751064952833
I like to think of them as the black guy assistant in the Longest Yard who gets killed
I was thinking Ron Hextall
This whole thing is so stupid. People are calling it a travesty of censorship and freedom of speech but the whole thing is hate speech. Good they got banned. Theres an extent to freedom of speech. Political freedom? Sure. Spreading resentment and hate and marginalizing groups in society? No
Ive heard they might move in with the Suns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXEFMfd9c1A
But it sounds like the commentators said they were calling it outside most of the series. This is the thing baseball fans tend to forget. Umpires follow the general rules of where a strikezone should be but tend to have their own frame and hitters should adjust. As long as he was being consistent with *his* strikezone I see nothing wrong. People get to complacent with the pitch tracker
I prefer Tom 'sits when he pees Ugg wearin cheating bitch' Brady
Theyll go elsewhere. Its just short term retaliation. These hateful bigots will go to some other site that allows their bully type congregations
Its not Braves fans that are downvoting you only. Its people with common sense and logic that arent wearing homer goggles to see in no way was it intentional. Its a dumb opinion to have is where the downvotes are coming from
BAW GAD THATS VENTURA'S MUSIC *Kansas City Royals emerge from the outfield*
Watch his videos on YT pretaining to the Eagles offseason moves. Theyre hilarious
Another great story from the same guy (Joel Klatt) https://youtu.be/H-xPbsfocgA?t=61
Also he was doing extreme physical exercise wearing compression shorts. Shrinkage is expected
ah, makes sense
DONT UPVOTE THIS TOO MUCH, I STILL WANT THE NSFW POST TO MAKE THE BEST OF THE WEEK R/BASEBALL POST
Ill give him some slack, this is the first time hes pitched meaningful baseball in like a month
Dont we have the technology to make lighter and smaller cameras? That way camermen can brace any impact with players and not impale them with a giant camera
#MVPILLAR
I love the changes theyve made to /r/Torontobluejays lately. The Giants pic is an odd edition to the sidebar tho
Baseball, sumo, and karate should definitely be in. Waterski and wakeboarding would be pretty cool. Id also watch the shit out of tug of war Edit: Apparently flying disc is Ultimate so sign that one up too
Thats something the Eagles Internet Defense Force would say...
You guys are the best team in New York!
Hitting the toilet seat makes me feel violated and grossed out
Alabama. Thats all that needs to be said
/r/Torontobluejays is really taking shape. Not sure what the deal is with all these other flairs on here
Who would own cows tho? There arent many people that own cows for the hell of it and there arent many that live in the wild
When do we just change the background and name of the sub to a Blue Jays theme?
Likewise with other countries. I want to see the best of the best. I want to see Votto and Martin, Bautista and EE, Darvish and Tanaka. It would be a legendary tournament. Obviously the US would probably win it but the battle for silver and bronze would be exciting. Edit: If its in 2020 there will obviously be some change but the point still stands
VAN NORRIS
The 'short bus' as its called is usually for special needs kids. That was a pretty funny and clever joke by the man in the video
The US doesnt dominate them. Ill favor the US heavily but Spain is still competitive enough to create some competition where as that would exist in football. Spain's frontcourt dominance which is seen to anybody that actually watches olympic basketball gives them an edge to at least put up a fight which historically proven they do
I dont get it...
He killed it too
Like actually a machine. Cyborg type shit
Hes clearly just a tree enthusiast
Vince Carter has already done that
Rex effect is real but I give most the credit to the Pegula's. Their branding as well as their belief and commitment for the Bills and Buffalo as a city reinstalled my faith in the team
How about that hammer. Thors hammer is no match or Bautista's
Ya, that guy was at Fenway
Same problem too. On a team with poor spacing put on a team that better suits him with Clippers who have tons of spacing
secret motivation confirmed
I felt like the picture wasnt as crisp either.
I was going to say this trade as well. Vasquez and Patterson have been amazing for us and have been key players on giving us one of the best benches in the league. Rudy Gay was also not a fit here and moving him gave us cap space.
Buffanoles Clemiams
Ya, those Bulls were scrubs without MJ. Its not like a team with Pippen alone could win 55 games...
7aints brought the 7torm
Kyle and Mario are getting older. Id go with the younger guys.
Theres some hot sauce on that salad!
**N**ot t**O**night **H**orr**I**ble **T**urn of even**T**s for th**E** othe**R** teams in the AL east
Definitely. Hes a great back up infielder. Put him in late in games as a defensive replacement, use him as a pinch runner, and a great backup if Reyes or Travis need a rest
Yes
Back in the days of scrappy gym rats
Max to the Lakers
or what did Lin ever do to the Lakers coaching staff is the better question
Seriously doesnt even use his glove that much. Ive seen him barehand so many this year. While his batting has been insane he also has to be in contention for gold glove as well doesnt he?
Our offenses certainly help but we do gotta keep in mind that as a division we have the most hitter friendly parks
Im not a fan of Dickey the player but Dickey the person is a great guy. Id blame management for trading for an aging knuckleballer in a homerun park
Based on his draft profile as I havent seen a lot of actual game footage it appears O'Leary is a good blocker
No one in Toronto gives a shit about the cfl.
I speak for a lot of people. Theres a reason they struggle to get attendance in one of the biggest cities in NA
╔═════════════════ ೋღ☃ღೋ ════════════════╗ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Like this if ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ you are a beautiful strong Jays player ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ who don’t need no man*ager* ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ╚═════════════════ ೋღ☃ღೋ ════════════════╝
I wish I got gold on my post :(
or "Cement toilet bowl" as I call it but seriously its the SkyDome. If you call it the Rogers Centre I will unfriend you
This reads so Rodak-y. I hate his negative passive aggressive bullshit
Fenway and Camden Yards are both pretty cool, nothing wrong with them. Yankees Stadium on the other hand was designed for a T-ball league to give 6-8 year olds self confidence as even they can hit a home run like a big leaguer. Whoever designed the right field to where A-Rods shruken left nut could hit a homer is a moron. Also the Trop. 'nuff said
We'll take Vince back plz.
Well fuck... Kobe and PP on the same team. Looks like the Raptors are losing those 2 games
lol no
What Snoop song is this?
Cant count this team out
liloopers &gt; NYM sun
Muni &lt;3
Its still a very popular sport. According to a quick google search its the 9th most popular sport in the world
Might be homer but I dont think I really am but our offense is this good and EE's even been playing bad. As for our pitching it is this bad but isnt because Stroman is out for the season
Im pretty sure they won. Weird how they cancelled it in the 7th
Im a fan of a lot of teams that fail to take that next step and the Jays are so close. I just want AA to pull the trigger and end the mediocrity. We have a lot of amazing players locked down for a couple more years of solid production. We have good young arms in Osuna, Sanchez, Hutch and Stroman. We have have youth mixed in with the older guys in Travis and Pillar. And our $$$ has been managed beautifully to where we have tons freed up for the offseason. I dont want to miss our opportunity while we have the chance right now. We can start a powerhouse at the trade deadline and still be set for the future even if we trade our top prospects.
Is there an option for negative numbers on said survey?
Theres a game in London this year. Pick the winner of that game ;) It will be the battle of your affection
The greatest football team ^^^^its ^^^^catchy...
also for SHIT strikezone
I figure if Lou is gone, which Im all for (cap reasons and basketball reasons but I digress), Arron would be a good pickup. Value is low after a poor shooting season which isnt indicative of his career and hes a good defensive player. Id be all for it. Hes not a ball stopper either. He can also play the SF tho so even if Lou isnt gone and we have the cap or we want someone different there he can take the job TRoss was supposed to provide last year as a 3&amp;D player that can shoot 3s consistently and play good D
Freddy Jackson In terms of favorite on field players probably Watt and Lynch
I really recommend it also. Atlantic Canada is beautiful.
http://ibackpackcanada.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Saskatchewan-Prairie-Fields-1.jpg This for miles and miles and miles and more miles. Then in the winter it becomes almost inhabitable because of the cold. That place will mentally fuck you up
At this point and I think O'day finally caught on, Jose will just be walked
Wow, impressive. Anyone know the age restrictions in the mlb because I think he might be a better closer than Cecil
Is he that good/promising tho. I've watched some Twolves games this year and nothing really stood out for me.
Is this a double smokescreen? The minute before the snack draft we're going to be totally bamboozled when you pick Balconi Mini Tiramisu as a surprise pick out of Italy
Cleveland is in a tough place cap wise. I think its possible. Also TT is coming off the bench in Cleveland if Love resigns which he will because they need the spacing. A starting role in his hometown might be more lucrative.
Has lil B lifted the curse tho?
Munenori Kawasaki or Philly Fanatic
*A-Rod
Wait 3 years
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"maximum performance efficiency" Thats a lie
Poor Mark Buehrle. Dude does not translate well into a video game
Because of national pride. Same reason the best players in hockey play in the winter olympics during the middle of the nhl season. Its a lot easier to understand if you take the hockey analogy. The Canadians and Americans could never win gold, then the nhl allowed them to play and no other country could touch them. The mlb already allows this but the incentive to play in the wbc is weak. I really think a team of Trout, Harper, Stanton, Goldschmidt, Scherzer, Kershaw etc would be way better than any other nations team so I struggle to see where youre coming from
Because the best players dont go. Its not as lucrative as the olympics
Yep. Dont get the illusion that its just because they are winners either. That fan base is tight to their team
Because it works. I swear by it after it helped myself and my mom. As the post below me says dont knock it til you try it
Heres a compilation of him from yesterdays 2 innings. https://vimeo.com/131500853 Straight filth
Damn Catholic chiropractors who happen to be salad eating Cardinals and diehard Kelly Olynyk fans
Definitely the best Russian in the nba too
Maybe hes going senile?
Ill say it for you, middle aged white man
I said Vikings :)
Thats Buffinoles Billiams to you
Dioner working on that trade value!
Dont sleep on the Bills as you saw in our matchup last year. We have a really good team. Our defense is up there with the Seahawks
Im sure black people get pissed when people do the hair touching but to white people your hair is so damn interesting. Im guilty as charged in this offense. I realized how stupid it was but as a teen I totally did this once or twice to a black friend. Apologies
There was a comment on this thread where a white guy said he would go into corner stores to steal stuff when groups of black people would enter because the clerk would always be watching them lol
The Ace!
Donaldson seriously needs to be in contention for Gold Glove this year too. Hes been a human highlight reel all year
https://vid.me/hQG2
relevant flair
I just dont see him playing the 5, 4, or 3 effectively as he will become a huge defensive liability at either one and basically become Bargs 2.0. As someone whose seen that and bought into the same hype Id lay off him. IMO I wouldnt even draft him in under 20 but heck Im not a GM
That's where he goes to retire
Because his defense. I cant imagine him guarding nba bigs with out getting destroyed
We got a first and a 2nd for a guy who cant play defense which is our weakness and its not getting better with age. This is a win. We need picks. This team as is is not going anywhere
Definitely unpopular. Hes improved each season and has the skills to continue to do well. All he really needs to work on his shot selection which is easier to fix than most things. Plus we have him under a friendly contract
http://cdn0.sbnation.com/imported_assets/1858017/814995895.gif
tbh the Clippers might actually benefit from that change
I think thats over now. There used to be a stigma playing in Canada but the recent playoff exposures and players re-signing have fixed that
Jaromir Jagr scoffs at this man
He actually did have the talent to get drafted tho. His stock plummeted before the draft due to character concerns
Character concerns and low motor. Apparently his interviews deterred a lot of teams
The ASG is a joke anyway, Id rather it go to a nice and awesome person than say Omar Infante
Totally not normal. I didnt notice til you said it but ya, WTF?
wut?
The Bills had this problem last year and did just fine. Maybe thats a testament to how good our D was but on a talent level the Jets are almost even with us
Lots of it from what I can tell from game highlights was slashing and getting to the rim.
Are you being serious right now? lol
I honestly think this could happen for basketball because the talent and lack there of is condensed to about 9 players but more so 5 starters but any argument for football is just crazy. The Raiders would maul even Alabama. The depth and talent at every position is too much to overcome
My vote is the Sheldon knocking on the door gag
Youd think but this years Kentucky team certainly made an argument also the Knicks being absolutely shit filled with no names without Melo. 4 of the Kentucky players were drafted in the 1st round and 1 in the 2nd round. Also generally when it comes to recruitment Kentucky gets the best of the best while football its more spread out for some reason. For instance the top HS players in football will attend FSU, BAMA, Notre Dame etc. where as the top HS basketball players tend to gravitate to mainly Kentucky
Best setup man in baseball
Raptors fans *are* delusional tho. The amount of times Ive heard JV called a top center is mind boggling then they cherry pick an efficiency stat to back it up and any blame against him is directed at the coaching staff. We arent that good and last years playoffs were indicative of that
Butler and Deandre will also look good on that bench
To add onto the comment below, Bosh wasnt even healthy. He was experiencing the clotting problems up to a month before he got it checked out. He said in an interview somewhere it bothered and affected him that long before he got it diagnosed
No youre getting downvoted because everyone here that is knowledgable about basketball knows they have a really good team
Forgive him, he just started following basketball this year
Damn Fred, you are on fire today! Trash talk on and off the field is on point
My only problem is that he will also play on the bench with someone with a very similar skill set in Delon Wright. Both guys known for slashing, play making and not being able to shoot. That spacing scares me. 2 guards that cant shoot on the floor at the same time is worrying. Im sure they can work the rotations but not being able to play them at the same time will be tough to manage.
Ill cover my team. JV is definitely doing them. I think Lowry's probably on em too. I think thats it but probably not
http://media.giphy.com/media/12XMGIWtrHBl5e/giphy.gif
he can get a Drake song named after him if he signs here.... If his priorities are straight Drake &gt; Duncan &amp; Pop /s
James Johnson -has martial art and mma experience. Probably want him Dirk -the zombie apocalypse is going to be boring and depressing and Dirk is a funny guy. Basically just comedic reasons, seems like a good dude Battier -smarts
He aint even stretch doe
*cough*
Ya, I prefer throwing bananas on the pitch at black players /s
Thanks for the reminder. Dude deserves it
And he'll still have less ink than Birdman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iPAqKcTFy8 Shoulda found a spot
Luv ya Psycho T
Nothings changed I guess
Give Demar the max
He left his feet jumping toward him. Always gets called
Leodis McKelvin of the Bills actually had his ankles broken on a nasty juke
Theres Vanilla Coke in Canada. Where do you live?
I had a snowball fight over a fence with people from another tailgate. Never a dull moment
I like the way the Jays are going but I will say one thing. My Bills better be due soon for a Super Bowl
Im a Bills fan so Ill fill you in. He only controlled the offense which was one of the worst in the nfl. Our top 3 defense, led soley under Jim Schwartz, carried us to 9-7. Marrone couldnt do jack shit with the offense and after he quit on the team there were many reports (which would make sense just by seeing his interviews) that the players hated him.
Yep. Rim protection is a huge asset. Even more important than offensive production imo specifically for big men. See Miami with Hassan. Eliminating pretty much one half of the game which is driving and penetration to the hoop works wonders for a defense. Teams cant go in and out on them because they cant establish the drive thus locking down the perimeter which is a big reason the Heat are 3rd in the league in opposition 3 point % (meaning opponents shoot way lower than average from 3). Since many of you might be Bills fans Ill give you another example which is pretty much the same in football. Hassan or to a lesser extent Biz is pretty much last years Bills defensive line. If teams cant establish the run than the passing game can be preyed on and neutralized with a somewhat effective secondary. Stephon Gilmore can be compared to Carroll if you want to. For centers this rim protection is more important than offensive skillset because of how much emphasis there is on the 3 ball and how guard dominated nba scoring is. Unless your Marc Gasol your center being a primary or effective scorer isnt going to give you as much value as rim protection. See Marcin Gortat who is really hurting the Wizards imo even tho he can score effectively. There are some drawbacks however. Biz plays a huge impact on the defensive end but his lack of a threat offensively can negate his defensive abilities by pretty much making it 4 v 5 on offence. Although when used effectively and say put in screen and roll scenarios with Kyle, Demar, Cojo you can hide this (remember most centers arent there for being a primary scorer) while you cant hide rim protection
Coat hangers are associated with abortions. I guess at some point desperate people started using them to abort their babies
&gt; killin it Probably all the puss he'll slay after the show
The dude flew out to meet just a few fans and made their day. I thought it was pretty cool
When I was a teen I was throwing a football around with some tailgaters and an errant throw almost knocked my dads face into the portable grill. He was bent down closer to the grill because we forgot to bring tongs down so he was flipping sausages and burgers with a sand wedge and golf tees which is dangerous to begin with
Anything at a Bills tailgate is a ridiculous mental image. I had a snowball fight with like 15 people this past game's tailgate. There was an equal number of us split on either side of a fence between the 2 tailgates. I was caught in no mans land because I thought the coast was clear to run up and chuck a big mound of snow over the fence then suddenly they sprung up a barrage of snow balls. It felt like that one scene in 300 with an arrow storm that was so dense it blocked the sun. Although this is Buffalo so the sun was already blocked and I didnt have a Spartan shield and got absolutely demolished from above while drunkenly stumbling backwards
Fuck the Pats
&gt; fire rex Probably &gt; cut Tyrod Pass the weed bro
In reality Broncos and Seahawks fans have the best bud
He has one of the best deep balls Ive ever seen. They just float right over the top to the receiver.
He was one of Tyrod's main receivers at VT. They played together for 3 years. I like this move
Both teams should get a participation ribbon for playing. This is like watching the special olympics smh
The Nets and Raps could build a school in Africa with all these bricks
Can I get prescription weed for watching this shit show?
https://www.google.ca/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=nba%20vote%20raptors Vote for DeMar if you havent already
Dont ask me come April
Our team has to stop complaining about calls
Well...fuck. Sorry then
DeMar DeRozan: "I gotcha fam"
DeMax DeRozan
Beal lookin fly
He'll get a bit of a rest tomorrow
A retweet still counts as a vote I believe and falls under the 10 a day rule
I can deal with that. Osuna and Cecil have ice in their veins so Storen was the 7th inning shutdown man we need
Relegating him to the bench behind KMart will sure teach him!
No hes terrible. If someones hiring a former Bills coach responsible for a 9-7 record call Schwartz not Marrone
This thread taught me why DeRozan and Lowry are trailing in All Star votes
Hes a terrible coach tho
Deandre hopkins having to play football with brian hoyer is like when michael jordan had to play basketball with elmer fudd in space jam - Shea Serrano
It might be more effective if Hoyer punted the ball every snap
The Harvin signing was good. He won us some games before he got hurt. He was electric for us. Plus its not like it hurt us too bad. His contract isnt guaranteed after this season
You are the same person I think I saw in /r/torontoraptors that said Masai Ujiri was a bad GM. I dont know if youre a troll or just stupid
Hacking a dart, eh bud! Pause is not lying, we call cigs darts. Hacking a dart is the act of smoking one
Lebron is seriously trying to make *raising the roof* happen again.
Dont make this mistake Giants!
Jared?
2015 Playoff Cliff Pennington change up
People always show the 2 seamer for some reason but his 1 change up he threw was Estrada-esque
I dont know why but Russell's Recovery Water made me laugh
Demar's face got fucked by acne
I hope he gets a 30 minute standing O when he comes back. I legit cried when he went to Boston
He played last year. Hes pretty fucking good. Hes got great fundamentals
He totally caught me off guard last year with how good he was. I was like *is that Kelly Olynyk for real?*
Shit
I didnt read the article but he should be. Rim protection is the most important asset a center can have on how valuable it is in impacting the game. Hes the best at it
I wish TSN covered every Raps game. The mixture of Leo and their technical difficulties drives me nuts. Just stick to the Jays Sportsnet
Jason Smith \#NBAVote
Its ok Masai, you might not have been the best player but you sure are leaving an impact on the game as an amazing GM
Oh God, Jason "The GOAT" Smith has entered the game
Corey in da house
https://twitter.com/ModernPoultry/status/687770861936377856 I gotcha too
Raptors fans will remember him. Ever since the trade we've been one of the best teams in the east
Cool to see Greivis Vasquez is doing reporting on the side
Klow is definitely taller
He had some sort engineering job at Microsoft so I think he is actually an engineer
Buffalo is definitely a hidden gem. Its not an architecturally nice city but it has that fun blue collar feel and everybody is awesome and freindly. Plus awesome food. Theres a reason a lot of former Bills retire there.
I was an Upper Bowl peasant. I thought of posting the same thing too lol
Duffs or Anchor Bar. If youre in Buffalo its mandatory to have Buffalo chicken wings. Another amazing Buffalo staple is beef on weck which I'd suggest getting at Steve's Pig and Ox or Schwabl's. Also Pearl Street Brewery is a cool place to grab a bite. If youre ever in a rush back to the border and need a quick bite Mighty Taco is another awesome Buffalo restaurant to stop at. Their tacos and burritos are better than any Mexican or burrito joint Ive ate in Tdot
Any Sim Bhullar video last year. It'd be one thing if he was actually Indian but the dude was born and raised in Canada with Indian parents.
Theres a clip or quote out there saying Shaq has been teaching his kid to play more like AD and embrace the 3 point era
Jamaica sure has a lot of Toronto Blue Jays fans then
Coach Drew
Point guard position is just too deep. I want to be a homer and say Lowry is the best but I dont think he's a top 3 pg. Steph, CP3, and WestGOAT would make it over him anyway. Obviously I'd take him over Conley but at that point it doesnt really matter
I expect theyll play Pan Am and FIBA ball in the near future
I used to live right across from the D. I love Motor City
Toronto gets hella love from its own very large fan base. As someone who is half American and is south of the border pretty often I really dont see it. I dont think most casual non Raps nba fans could name more than 2 players on our roster. Vise versa my dad and Grand dad who Id consider a casual fan can name at least 3 or 4 players from the Bulls, Hawks, Thunder, Clips.
It was very brief. I got the hell out of there after my first semester at the U of W
I love the Jay and Dan pod. What kind of world are we actually livinginn?
There was, he was just in a Valaciunas jersey
I dont know if this belongs here but I love Lowry's banter. "USC baby"
I need to get tix. What a man
Not a role model but there were some cool tricks and hacks in there. I love the business card thing for hotels. Not sure if it would work most places but whatevs
Considering at how low crime is in this city it was only a matter of time this were to happen
How does the saying go, WWll was won on American engineering, British planning, and Russian blood
I bet the call went something like this "Hello, we have black peopl...Hello?"
&gt; Bit surprised at the Raptors given the Canadian dollar is basically ~~monopoly~~ Canadian Tire money right now
AMIRRRRRRRR \#thereturn
Brad Stevens still gets his ID checked at bars
Tall Argentine Money doing the work
&gt; good teams u wot m8?
DeServes DeMax
Go lick it Crappie
He'll get in eventually. Kyrie is too good. However every Raps fan would be salty if Kyrie got in over Lowry in Toronto after only playing 12 games
Still not happening including Wall who you forgot to add. 15 games at 16/3/4 is not even up for debate over Wall, IT, Reggie or even Drose
[Windhorst] Lebron will now become HC and GM of the Cavs and Browns as well as Mayor of Cleveland
Even tho Winhorst called this firing in the summer
Theres not even enough Rays fans to post a sad face so Ill do one for them :(
Do they think a screen is something you find on a cellphone?
He sells jewelry better than he sells his pump fakes
Great D there
Dont worry, tonights a Leo game
Im watching the Sportsnet feed like a fool and Leo just disrespected Lillard, Boogie and AD cause they dont win. They arent the reason bud
basket interference?
The Divine Fire Waters
But implementing a new offence during literally the middle of the season sounds less than ideal
I love Terry Francona low key
I love this move and not using him basically as Kyle Korver but it just seems like a new offensive system mid season could backfire
I will forever call a pro athlete a pro sports guy from now on
The refs have swallowed their whistles this game
Ty Lue is a terrible free throw coach
Its games like this that really make you appreciate Kobe's 81 points
Anyone know why Taj wears those glasses? Its been the biggest mystery of life why players like him or STAT wear those
That was my biggest concern. Changing all sorts of things in the middle of the season, stuff that takes months to iron out in the off season/pre-season, just doesnt sound like a winning formula. Fred Smoot, former Redskin, said in his AMA coaching turnover is one of the hardest things to deal with. Its stuff that hurts franchises as Im sure you guys can tell being Browns fans and I certainly can attest to being a Bills fan
Just crazy considering how much hate he gets
Has Casspi ever bought Cousin's soap and complimented him on his scent? https://vine.co/v/iempn2DTMrL
And its not like its Byron Scott we're talking about either. He ousted one of the most valuable Euro coaches and a guy who helped coach a successful Cavs team for a guy who has a couple of years as an assistant coach under his belt (or someone that is completely controlled by Lebron)
Its as if Lebron died. No matter the coaching and Kevin Love finding his way or Irving finding his form etc, Lebron on your team will still win you basketball games
Broncos players displaying a lot of discipline right now. No stupid or costly penalties
Broncos came to play!
I love the Broncos and Denver this is great
Yes
HERE COMES AUSTIN RIVERS
For a team thats been pegged as not being elite sweeping the Spurs, OKC, and Clippers is pretty note worthy
The problem is this guy is posting douchey comments to make us look bad. He called us the worst fans in the game thread so hes out on a mission to perpetuate it on r/nba
How many fucking teams are you a fan of https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3yg7ju/game_thread_new_york_knicks_boston_celtics_dec_27/cyddtyh?context=3
He also had a Knicks tag and was trolling our game thread in which he deleted his comments. Hes just trolling ass Knicks fan
Noah. I should hate him but he plays exactly how I played/play. Lots of shit talking and being an absolute annoying turd to opponents
Not sure where youre getting that info from. TSN has started broadcasting NBA and NHL games in 4K. It was a big thing last week about it
Andrew Wiggins revenge game
He doesnt need to be. There are 7 officials in football and this particular umpire sits in the middle and watches a specific position group for penalties and such
Yep. Not a Master Lock but another cheap model. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPtQ_rVSfSI
Is Lebron the equipment manager too?
depends if its fruit juice or fruit drink
oh cool
Every Raptor fan retweeted that guy. Why are Cavs fans acting like it was a bunch of random people responsible for those votes. I voted like everyday as well as retweeted him as I assume everyone in Toronto did as well
He does a series with Roosterteeth called Buff Buddies which he is equally as funny in
His hair is way better this season
He should replace Stephanie McMahon for the TV stuff
Fair enough
&gt; if Kyrie was healthy
Dirty fucking screen peeker I bet
JV has turned into Drummond this game. He is even Drummond at the FT line
These refs dont want to screw the Raps right now, Drake is taking notes. They dont want to be in a dis track
Im with you bro. I just think reddit's extreme hatred with reaction videos hit a head when one Reddit user took their idea of a community reaction channel and turned it into an *evil jewish takeover conspiracy*
A point guard for the Los Angeles Clippers and fellow reddit user started a conspiracy that a react channel was out start an evil monetizing empire. Since a majority of the users on here have a hatred of reaction videos as displayed and brought up and discussed in various GradeUnderA (who I love btw and agreed with) vids people hopped on board knowing nothing about their brand or format
Well no shit. Ellen made a video of kids reacting to type writer literally weeks after their video got popular. Judging by the tweet her skit was posted in early September while their video was posted on youtube in early August https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfxRfkZdiAQ
We shouldve done the same thing with Apple when they trademarked Apple
The people upset with them dont even watch their content and understand thy are trademarking their brand. Posts like these are ridiculous
They arent. This stupid movement happened because some guy on reddit created a conspiracy and people made parodies of their content (using their vids, which is still fair use but) that got flagged by Fullscreen's Youtube algorithm. There are so many reaction channels on YT, none of which had legal copyright issues with Finebros. They are just trademarking their brand not going after reactors for money
About the same chances as going to the Bucks or Jazz
I dont think you understand how the luxury tax works. The only player we can exceed luxury tax on is DeMar DeRozan. We cant go into the luxury tax on players we dont have the bird rights too
I wish 3 million was a negligible pay cut for me
Thats Masai's fault for not signing him for 3 years
The knuckleball is definitely dancing, hes just getting unlucky in his starts with errors not associated with passed balls and lack of run support
He definitely has one of the best changeups in the Majors
Im not from NYC but I found what the guy said was happening to Harlem to be very reminiscent of what happened to Brooklyn like word for word. Hipsters took it over and sky rocketed prices and pretty much kicked out the people that originally lived there
Depression Drinking Crying
Do people still not understand the Dalton line? Its not the line for most average, its considered the bottom line for the bare minimum to be a franchise qb. Id say Fitzpatrick or Tanny is the Dalton line here. Not good enough to win a whole lot but not bad enough to fire
Your trying to tell me Gorgui Dieng isnt better than those players???
When you have a 76 mph changeup that comes out of the same arm slot and has the same delivery as his fastball and drops 6 inches down and to the right
Its a Monty Python reference anyways. I found it funny
I just wish NASCAR got rid of some of the super small short tracks. Those can be very gimmicky
GS should use their bench players like Steph Curry more. Give them some time to show their stuff
Dwight is currently laughing to himself watching all these Cavs players drop passes. Stickum man
"Over in 3" /s
You cannot believe how satisfying this is after all the Raptors sweep comments made by Cavs fans
Kyrie might be more 'skilled' than those players but I dont believe he is the better player. In my opinion guys like Millsap or Lowry make a team better more so than Kyrie because of the value they add through things other than crossovers and fancy moves. Millsap is one of the most versatile players in the NBA and can do pretty much anything and everything on the basketball court which makes his team better around him Lowry can score, pass, defend, rebound and is sparkplug whenever hes on the floor. Where as Kyrie as a point guard doesnt add the same value to his team. He can score but hes so ball dominant it hurts the players around him and it seems to be the only thing he can provide a team. If you are a point guard you have to be able to pass and defend at a high level and be the court general on both ends. Being so ball oriented is not a positive for the team. We already saw what the Cavs looked like controlled by Kyrie before Lebron came back and it wasnt too pretty although he was still really young
Pretty much. The Raptors made it to the Conference Finals with their 2 best players not showing up to half the games
6x Finalist and multiple NBA Finals Champ James Jones is something to witness
By definition
Does the lil b curse extend to international ball?
-Hanigan
Do Mariners uniforms give pitchers the special ability to throw very fast?
What a goon. The goon squad is back even tho I love Salvy
Now I get where people were coming from about Bautista getting clocked
Bautista is a hothead, Ortiz is a hothead, Machodo is a hothead, McCann's a dick wad but none of those guys are as spineless douche nozzles and classless fucks like Ventura is.
He has a lot of potential and good stuff. A change of scenery could change him for the better and he could become a valuable piece to an organization. At the very least he has big arm where he could be throwing 100+ mph out of the pen in limited innings. Would be a good setup man or closer with that kinda stuff
Hes a 100mph+ reliever with the ceiling of an average starter. I'd be cool with it
What about coke and hookers?
Bennett
&gt; Ballsnapped to EJ who hands it off Is there any other way? EJ is the handoff king
Another channel based around 1 idea that lost its novelty
I mean if the Phins were in one of those shitty NFC divisions where 8-8 was a sure guarantee to win the division Id be scared
Lindsay is in charge of the day to day stuff but Geoff is still the man in charge. These big changes are under the direction of Geoff
I mandate that the NFL fucks right off
Youre saying an elite Olympian level track star would choose track over getting hit by NFL players and playing at the end of the bench? Im truly shocked
Id argue hed get more fame. Hes olympic medalist level in track. Hes close to being on the practise squad in the NFL. Im pretty sure he won silver at the Pan Am games and is the Gold favorite at Rio
The hate is for his character not his skill lvl
If you want to have the same success you had this past season than Charlotte is most definitely fucked. The core will be broken up due to not being able to retain valuable pieces to the team. I suspect the Hornets will also have an issue with cap holds this coming FA considering how many players want to be retained but might be non commital to coming back based on finances. Just remember Lin, Jefferson, Batum, Marvin, Lee are all FA's and their contracts will not come cheap. There will be a lot of unknown for the Hornets next season due to cap casualties
Which isnt even remotely true.
Andrew Nicholson too
Fuck that. He needs his rest. He played over 100 games this season including preseason and playoffs
Because Ortiz and Encarnacion are fun to watch hit
Most of the nba
FIBA Scola is a legend. Hes getting in the Hall just on his FIBA accolades
The changes in narratives amuses me. Had this had nothing to do with Lebron people praise SVG for building and coaching a great team with one of the top centers in the game in Drummond and having two great young players in KCP and Reggie Jackson. And the Hawks get praised for being Spurs East in being one of the better coached teams in the league under Coach Bud with THE best defender in the league imo in Millsap and having great players like Horford and one off the league's premier sharp shooters Kyle Korver. But when Lebron is involved, its the fucking Hawks and Pistons. They might not be as good as the Blazers but Bron showed why in sweeping them handedly. As for the Knicks, if you honestly think that...
You cant trade draft picks but you can trade drafted players which is what I meant
57, 64 whos counting?
Problem is the Trop is a really really bad Dome. Its more of a circus tent minus the atmosphere
Very appropriate flair. Citizen's Bank park was one of my favourite stadiums Ive been to because a lot of the concessions especially in the outfield, have sight lines to the field. You can grab bbq and walk to the counters that line the rear seating
Some stadiums without a roof do a good job of layering the bleachers in a way where the rain is kind of avoided. From my frame of reference and the ones Ive been to the Nats and Phillies have seating that are covered due to the layout
Ya, I meant multi purpose domes etc like the Trop, SkyDome, Colliseum
They'll be a luxury team, nothing wrong with that
The Warriors core are all bird agents so they'll definitely pay all that to keep the team together
They will and they should. Another Tristan Thompson type scenario
Honestly I dont think it proved much. Patterson was thrown into role he had no chemistry or prior training with. If you come into the/a season with him and the organization knowing he'll be the starter and build around that fact through pre-season planning etc he'd look a lot better. He has all the tools to succeed in the starting line-up the organization and coaching staff just need to take the chance and give him the reigns instead of throwing him in and prepping him for it the day before a big playoff game, throwing him into the fire mid playoffs
Dont forget to bring a towel!
Adam Silver hates the rest of the world apparently
He's stuck behind Vucevic in his defense
Forgot about him. Didnt he win the gold at the Pan-American games last summer?
Different strokes for different folks. Its an up and down pendulum between Mens and Womens popularity kind of like in Tennis. Theres been years in the 2000's when the Women's side was more popular and more competitive than the Mens side
I dont know, outside of Tiger girls like Annika Sorenstam, Michelle Wie, Cristie Kerr, Paula Creamer were the biggest names in the golf world
Air Canada is my hope as well. Couldnt care less for the airline but their logo is nice
It really isn't. Transmission rates for homosexual intercourse are at a different scale compared to heterosexual intercourse. There is a reason is affects the gay community far more.
Maybe you guys can pop through the bottom on the NL West graph
Purchasing in flight Internet and browsing reddit
"Run somebody over" -Antonio Davis
The curse of Guillermo will strike Lebron again
You thought that was a flop?
Theyre too used to a Microsoft Surface. I dont think they understand signs
IGGY BALLS
Fuck KD
Varejao bringing soccer from Brazil into the nba
Nope its just advert space. The jerseys they sell to the public wont have the ads on them
And Paul George
I havent looked at the numbers but Britton and Kimbrel have also been amazing
Machado should make it in as the enforcer
Theres 2 pitchers in there that pitch in weak hitting divisions and 1 that pitches in the best hitting division in the league /s
Vince McMahon is doing a terrible job with the direction hes taking the NBA these playoffs. The refs are the ultimate heel
Fix your game Dinnerbone
But Barnes hurts his team when hes on the floor. At least Love fouls himself out of playing
Make baseball fun again!
&gt; but he also plays multiple positions Hes not like a Lawrie however. Hes pretty bad at all of them. The Jays played him in LF last season and it was a disaster
I might watch
A little bit of column A and a little bit of column B
Western NY basically means Buffalo/Niagara regions of NY state http://ogs.ny.gov/Global/Images/BU/RE/RegionsMap.jpg
The Great One produce some great ass genes
I hate it so much. Kyrie's defficiencies as a pg are getting masked big time by Lebron.
What a flopping little bitch twig
Harrison Barnes is giving his agent PTSD
Klay is getting so unlucky with the rim outs these past games
Air bro
Literally only people that live in Cleveland like Cleveland.
Boston is actually a beautiful city tho.
Hey, the White Sox might be shopping James Shields if Wright and Jiminez dont float your boat...
PG-13
If someone averages 30 something points per game while playing First Team All level defense I will definitely consider acknowledging them as the GOAT
Im on mobile. You can see for yourself on basketball reference or any nba statistical website at how much more dominant a scorer and player Jordan was. You act like MJ wasnt a top 5 defender over a dozen seasons also 30 something points per game was MJ's prime years. On bball reference at work earlier I took a span of about 7 or 8 seasons and 33 ppg to be edact was what he averaged. Lebron's 27 is quite the dropoff One last thing, Im not a biased 'Lebron hater' or whatever youd like to think I am. Hes definitely the most dominant and best player in todays game. He just statistically doesnt match up with Jordan and what he accomplished in his career. Bron is still a Mt Rushmore player dont think I dont think that
&gt; Lebron as much as the next guy but he doesn't have the motor of a Westbrook Na he definitely does. Also if he shed that extra height and mass he'd definitely and probably have a lot more energy to zip around the court like a Westbrook
In 2014 the Cavs were ranked 23rd in attendance so get otta here with that BS. The Warriors in 2010 for comparisons sake were 14th
Wooo, offseason FA time!
Still had 1000+ yards
Doesnt help that he doesnt play a 'flashy' position like a wr or a qb and rb but he is considered to be the best left tackle in the game. He allowed 1 sack and a bit over a dozen qb distruptions all of last season with a scambling qb who holds onto the ball near the longest in the league
David West got burned pretty badly in that...damn. Guess he should have known nothing is guaranteed in this league. That was a massive paycut just to not even make it to the Conference finals
#F5 SEASON!!!!!
Dats crazy. I work like 50 hrs a week and it wears me down
Yep, also public high schools here really dont do their dudiligence on this sort of thing I had a friend go to a HS outside of the schools district/zone by lying about his address
I dont get the downvotes for this comment. Melo and Rose are easily enough to help the Knicks become contenders for the 2011 NBA Finals
Imagine Meyers Leonard and Hawes just camping around the perimeter. I dont think Ive seen a team where both big men can shoot the 3. Teams would be so screwed defending that seeing at how Channing Frye did in the playoffs
You'd be lucky to draft a solid starter with the 20th pick which is why Im shocked Thad went this low. Hes already polished and you get him in his prime. I would have thought he would garner a top 15 pick
Gordon Hayward is a great player despite the fact that you couldnt watch him in the playoffs last year. Thats just ignorance. Btw nobody thinks hes a top 5 player. Definitely a top 10 player however
Literally in the perfect position. They dont even need Dunn
Lol
Time constraints
He was a top 10 pick on many mock drafts. People are just hating because he was an international player that played for Utah
Dipo, Sabonis, Ilyasova. You should thank Masai for not giving up that much. Thats worse than giving up Cojo, Ross and our 9th let alone Ross, Ppat and a pick
Mixed feelings is because fans of the team he was drafted to (Raptors) were expecting someone else and he doesnt fill their main need. Talent wise hes a perfectly good player and drafted at the right spot
Hes a center but the best available. Perfect backup to JV. The 4's around our spot are overrated and cant hit the outside shot anyways
I dont think we'll carry 4 centers. Bebe is probably gone through trade
4 centers is a waste of a roster spots. We've just proven this draft we arent moving forward with developing Bebe to become the backup center so its best for both parties if we let him go to somewhere where he'll have a chance
Sabonis would clog up the front court. Doesnt have range. Poeltl doesnt either but hes a true center that will play the backup center position
Im expecting Patterson to start. Im sure he'll be a fine starter if we gameplan around that fact
Skal is a project who isnt that good at basketball just yet and Davis has problems shooting the ball in a shooting oriented league
People are more or less shitting on the Celtics not Jaylen. Jaylen is a good player and will be one in the nba imo but he was taken 3 where someone like Dunn should have gone and not 6-9 where he should have went
Im a big believer in best available. Dunn is the more valuable player imo. If anything you trade him after words
I was at a Mets game wearing a Raptors shirt. Then ended up talking with a Nets fan
Rubio Vucevic
That reminds me of a bit from Daniel Tosh's stand up where he proposed to give all the homeless clean non-distressed clothing and break them down for all the rich people
No team in the nba is perfect and Im sure Patterson would fill the role fine.
Im on mobile so I dont have all the info in front of me but I believe last time I looked into it Charlotte had like 40 mil in cap space. Which is a lot but you have to consider they have 4 key players from their core entering FA and Batum will likely be maxed
Kings gonna run with a backcourt of Courtney Lee and Austin Rivers
Gobert, Parker, and Fournier dropped out I thought?
pls bb
They were 2 games away from the Finals with a broken Demarre Carrol and hurt Lowry and Valanciunas. Seeing at how week the East is I think this is pretty unfair to say
Austin Rivers of course
James Johnson could succeed anywhere you put him (wr, te, linebacker, edge rusher). Dude is an undefeated multiple time mma and footboxing champ. Just an all around tremendous athlete with size, coordination and speed
If a 20-23 year old was fucking highschool students this might turn into a big deal
First triple doubles, then tweets, now old age
Go ask some teachers
&gt; kid
Yep, so he almost positively finished ESL there at 13 then went to Sydney to enroll in HS at 13 or 14. All this legally. The remaining theory which is attached to every African prospect is that his age was changed on entry to Australia which could still be plausible but nothing to do with his agent changing his age in Australia so that he could re-enroll in HS as a junior when he really isnt
Theyd have one of the best starting groups with KD and Russ and pretty much take one if the best bench groups in the league in those 3 guys + a Valentine or Sabonis
Primo would be an awesome name even tho its not directly Raptors related idk maybe K-low
:(
He should get offered more but there are a lot of reports saying he wants to be back and would take a discount to be back. If he gets offered 15 mil by the Nets I wouldnt be shocked if the Hornets countered with 12 and he took the Hornets offer
It logically makes sense however with what we're hearing from Miami
The Warriors are full of shit
