*** And also listen to the phone call
Don't get me wrong, last night's episode blew my tits off. It will have no problem maintaining a high score, but the first ratings are usually more emotional and we see these types of posts for most episodes of most shows
Yeah but if it is $5,000 for Wyoming or something, they might not pay. New York is incredibly important to be licensed, but it is worth much less in some other states
I don't fit into your chart I don't fit in anywhere :(
Well Jamie kind of has an excuse
Now THIS is a guy who knows how to sell real estate!
Hell, I screwed my hanging cabinets into the ceiling joists too.
"We're sorry, your currency will be unavailable between 3AM and 4AM for scheduled maintenance"
Haven't been to the theatres in a long time. Was excited for the movie and almost forgot why until that showed up
When did the dude on the far right side die?
I thought we just saw him as a judge at Petyr's trial for killing Liza Arryn
Jolly Rancher is my favorite daily show pun http://www.tv.com/shows/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart/jolly-rancher-1664058/
Reddit destroyed their habitat and this is the result
That's a cracked screen
#Six seasons and a movie!
Danger! Danger! Great Anthony Weiner Daily show throwback
All crows have these green umbrellas to keep their costumes in great condition. They are green so they can be digitally edited out
Amash's hometown? Does he need to be preaching to the choir?
I'm aware of the friction with Rand, but what issues with Amash are there?
Burns too cool to melt airplane engines. Burns too hot to light up your joint. Burns just right to melt steel beams...
That cameraman sounds exactly like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRItYDKSqpQ
Pain is generally an indication of injury and ignoring it is likely to set you back further than 1 incomplete workout The crossfit logo is the cherry on top
Most phones screens are made to be hard enough to resist scratches from keys in your pocket. Internet advice is snake oil at best. Anything that could affect the screen enough to 'fix it' will just make it worse
If you try to pull it down manually, does it move easily or is it obstructed? Adjusting the travel amount helps when the door closes and reopens, but this sounds different
Is this the servicenow bookings/reservation module? We just went through the same thing with users all over the world signing up reservations at events in every continent. I had to modify the client script to grab the user's timezone, add that to the GlideAjax that checks for open timeslots, and then modify the script include to adjust the display times for the user's timezone (in relation to the system time), and then adjust again for the venue they had selected. All times are still stored and worked with in the servicenow system time, but the display looks correct to the user. This method does fall short if system time zone is -5 for example and the venue is Japan. Then you can have reservations showing the wrong day.
Most QNAPs advertise power usage between 30-50 Watts while running
Financing his own campaign doesn't make him anti establishment
Love to put some money on elections, but not sure what sites are scams, what's legal, and how the taxes work
I tried that joke and "What year is your birthday? Every year" last time I had an EMS ride to the hospital. Nurses got no chill
They just write it off
23k readers doesn't seem small. How do traffic stats compare? Is there somewhere else to go for people unhappy with the moderation in r/videos
Yeah a transfer between my coinbase wallets took an hour, which their FAQ says is standard. Not sure what bitX is but speed isn't how I sell people on bitcoin
You can download a torrent of wikipedia for free
I've been told by several barbers/hairstylists that the different barbershops are due to the different hair types and styles between black people and other races. The time I went to one, they had different products (no hair gel) and said it was weird I was there Half the time I mention this, someone looks at me like I'm a hyper racist though
How much market penetration have we seen in india?
This is how some people think God works
did u not updoot the spooky skelly fast enough the 1st time he appeared to you
I never thought of it like that before
That article is so sad. Like their reality depends on proving the existence of unicorns and they try so hard
TruTV has been getting some really good shows these last few years
Their goal is to hurt the west in any way possible as revenge and to get rid of the west's occupation and influence in middle eastern countries. Given the extreme difference in soldiers and resources between the two sides, I'd say they have hurt the west much more than anyone could have expected. Economically speaking, just look at what was spent on the military, TSA, militarizing the police. How many hours of productivity lost in the security theatre that could otherwise be a productive part of the economy? How many soldiers have the been able to kill in their home countries? How many committed suicide when they went home?
an AV bot for links on reddit would be cool
&gt; fat is the worst thing you can be Pedophile nazi?
It's generally not a big deal unless you get electrocuted the *wrong* way
doot
If you come running every time they cry they'll just do it for attention. He's got the right idea
I think it is also a manifestation of the two extremes of establishment vs. antiestablishment
Isn't TN the worst Civil Forfeiture state in the US?
The plumbing P traps are for easy access to clean out solids in the drain and pool some water so the drain to the sewer isn't leaking septic gases into the home. Some of these P traps are cemented together and some don't have the dip to pool water
&gt; He might be a woman who pretends to be a man to escape misoginy. I don't think misogyny is as prevalent as you think it is. Also, women aren't that good with computers
paintball gun or spray paint would be more discreet
Community colleges cost less than a fraction of 140k and there are still many employers and fields of work that will take you. With licensing or certification you can put yourself ahead
Some factors can be dealbreakers. You could meet prince charming with $30B but find out he has been violent toward past girlfriends. Not sure what your last sentence means, but I think a partner's financial situation is a perfectly valid attribute to desire
I did see that and I find no fault with it. Everyone has to seek what makes them happy and determine what that is for themselves
+1 ಠ_ಠ
Does the router have a kill switch if connections fail though?
Oh shit I didn't think about also firewalling. Thanks chief
The following autohotkey script will strip formatting as well (almost always) #v:: ; Text–only paste from ClipBoard Clip0 = %ClipBoardAll% ClipBoard = %ClipBoard% ; Convert to text Send ^v ; For best compatibility: SendPlay Sleep 50 ; Don't change clipboard while it is pasted! (Sleep &gt; 0) ClipBoard = %Clip0% ; Restore original ClipBoard VarSetCapacity(Clip0, 0) ; Free memory Return
&gt; unless your dog is a Ph.D You never know https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDjV7W9bO10
I'm in full agreement with this
&gt; What if this is the only behavior that allows someone to be elected Then I suppose my candidate will never win, but I'll still sleep great at night. I still want to support the idea of integrity in politics I'm still forming an opinion on donation amounts, but I'm currently leaning toward a cap being the way to go. The argument for unilmited money in politics is freedom of speech, but wealth inequality means speech inequality, which is not good in politics
&gt;Rep from Gary Peters office: If someone loses their bitcoin in a nefarious situation, they'll be calling their congressional representative What the fuck?
^ ^came here to say this
Why would you hope for higher taxes?
Has Bernie discussed simplifying the tax code at all?
Pushing legislation through a fucked up congress is one thing, but the President has other functions like Judicial appointments, vetos, control of the military, international relations, and executive actions. Would you prefer an establishment candidate for their ability to efficiently and successfully propose shitty legislation like TPP, SOPA, the Patriot Act?
SFCave was the original
Gotta disagree here. Buying the equipment, having it so accessible, and saving on commute times took away all my excuses not to do it. Especially in winter, I know for god damn sure I'm not going out to the gym. Once I get into a good routine, I might like to join a gym for social aspects. However my home gym does everything I need for now
[World Politics|Deleted for uh... no political content]
This is an official DMCA takedown request regarding a trademark violation within your post. Her name is not to be used without express consent of her, her estate, and the National Football League
I was jogging by the Vegas sign when several groups of people asked me to take pics. Could have easily run off
Hey is there a good subreddit for someone unfamiliar with the block size situation to jump in and debate fervently?
2 weeks is a long time. Have you ventilated the areas?
TL;DR: Post up some dank memes before you can talk about VPNs
I updooted immediately so I would ensure a Doot time for myself
adjusts his shirt down before he gets out lol
I'm surprised we'd even hear about this. It's great blackmail for the FBI
Glad these are back. They DMCA'd the originals
For tall people, knee room is the issue. Obviously bulkhead seats do not have a place to stretch your legs
Shovel for a neighbor
Allow me to write "autistic" in the shape of a cube. Here I go: A U T I S T I C U I I T T T I S S S I I T T T I U U C I T S I T U A A I U U T T T S I I I S S T T T U I I A U T I S T I C FTFY
It's 2016 folks, what do we have on the roadmap? Well sir, as a priority item, I'd like to bring to your attention some data from the employment records. When calculating the number of employees we currently have, it told us that we have 'lots'. Shit! We'd need to hire another department for that! Start the layoffs
Autistic? I am a dynamic figure, often seen scaling walls and crushing ice. I have been known to remodel train stations on my lunch breaks, making them more efficient in the area of heat retention. I translate ethnic slurs for Cuban refugees, I write award-winning operas, I manage time efficiently. Occasionally, I tread water for three days in a row. I woo women with my sensuous and godlike trombone playing, I can pilot bicycles up severe inclines with unflagging speed, and I cook Thirty-Minute Brownies in twenty minutes. I am an expert in stucco, a veteran in love, and an outlaw in Peru. Using only a hoe and a large glass of water, I once single-handedly defended a small village in the Amazon Basin from a horde of ferocious army ants. I play bluegrass cello, I was scouted by the Yankees, I am the subject of numerous documentaries. When I'm bored, I build large suspension bridges in my yard. I enjoy urban hang gliding. On Wednesdays, after work, I repair electrical appliances free of charge. I am an abstract artist, a concrete analyst, and a ruthless bookie. Critics worldwide swoon over my original line of corduroy evening wear. I don't perspire. I am a private citizen, yet I receive fan mail. I have been caller number nine and have won the weekend passes. Last summer I toured New Jersey with a traveling centrifugal-force demonstration. I bat .400. My deft floral arrangements have earned me fame in international botany circles. Children trust me. I can hurl tennis rackets at small moving objects with deadly accuracy. I once read Paradise Lost, Moby Dick, and David Copperfield in one day and still had time to refurbish an entire dining room that evening. I know the exact location of every food item in the supermarket. I have performed several covert operations for the CIA. I sleep once a week; when I do sleep, I sleep in a chair. The laws of physics do not apply to me. I balance, I weave, I dodge, I frolic, and my bills are all paid. On weekends, to let off steam, I participate in full-contact origami. Years ago I discovered the meaning of life but forgot to write it down. I have made extraordinary four course meals using only a mouli and a toaster oven. I breed prizewinning clams. I have won bullfights in San Juan, cliff-diving competitions in Sri Lanka, and spelling bees at the Kremlin. I have played Hamlet, I have performed open-heart surgery, and I have spoken with Elvis.
0 And I'm sure my company would cut me a check for all the savings lol. When I didn't enroll in their health care do you know how much they gave me for their savings? $75/month
XP support is completely finished, so any XP box on any network is vulnerable
You missed blurring an instance of their username
Why slip in the fart joke and empty video at the end of an otherwise excellent video?
poor knees :(
There was a plot hole in the episode where Richard didn't break up with her at dinner when he found out she was a lowly space indenting hussy
Do you have kids? It looks like some of [this](http://www.orangeglo.com/) got on it
Any true member of tab indention master race knows you can't associate with spacers. Honestly it would have been safer if he even called off the dinner when his friends told him what she was
I was partial to this one https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/4m0x0v/this_is_the_best_sprinkler_design_ever/d3roz32
They look a lot like picks, so I was interested to see what people figured out they were
Coming to Win10. I'll have moved to linux by that point though
There's plenty of blame to go around with TV, browsers storing password insecurely, and the hackers themselves, but that doesn't absolve the user. Applications offer convenience over security because the user can accept the risk and responsibility for that tradeoff. There is a basic responsibility in understanding the technology you use. If someone handed you a 5 page legal document and offered to help you manage your finances, would it be your fault if you signed it without reading?
Jesus christ bee, it's righty tighty, lefty loosy
So NoScript *fixes* a site for once!
How do we know she's called the waif if they have no names?
Well you have to consider historical context
It could be your router isn't powerful enough to encrypt/decrypt any faster
&gt; All Cleganebowl hype aside No deal GET **HYYYYYYYYYYYPE**
Silverfish is nothing. Just wait for the [vashta Nerada](http://tardis.wikia.com/wiki/Vashta_Nerada)
&gt; WARNING, THERE IS A FOUL WORD IN THIS VIDEO. COVER YOUR EARS. fuck people who care about curse words
This is what I miss most about colbert. He did great segments showing how fucked up campaign finance systems worked, but doesn't do anything like that on the new show
Well most people in a fire are already warm
If they were about equality, they wouldn't call themselves feminists
https://imgur.com/DxT1s2h
At this stage of technology, is there a situation where we would need to put that many boots on the ground? It seems like any war requiring a draft would be fought much differently
I was kind of hoping for a screenshot lol best thing to do (have done) is dry it for at least a day in dry rice. Having put electricity through the system already, the damage may already be done. Things can always bounce back, so don't throw it in the trash yet, but I wouldn't want to give you false hope either. It looks like you've already pulled the panel out. You should be able to buy a replacement panel online for less than it would cost to repair/replace the whole laptop
I must have missed this episode of Sons of Anarchy
It always warms my heart and calciums my bones to see one of our nation's youth thank mr skeltal
Don't let your steel beams be memes!
&gt; Yep, it is pretty stunning. That's my picture, didn't retouch the colours. I took this in Cavendish. [I think so too](http://imgur.com/0D69qF1). That's my picture, retouched the colours. This is in Cavendish
This one is remote controlled. I got downvoted to -20 for pointing that out last time, but there's no way he could have turned right with just his left paw on top of the left side of the wheel
Or maybe national anthems are creepy to have in the first place
This is why you always kill the medic first
A month ago it required email and phone verification when I tried to create one
[When post-episode discussion has died down and shitposting can resume](https://imgur.com/S7DSjB1)
Shit, hopefully she's on Windows 7+. Vista had awful issues waking from sleep mode
except for those nimrods in congress
www.duckduckgo.com
LinkedIn Data Dump This breach dates back to 2012, but was only release in May 2016 as a sale on a "dark net" market. Allegedly it contains email addresses and passwords, which were stored as a SHA1 hash without salting. As always, use and enjoy responsibly as I make no claims over the data. Update 1: For those who have asked how they can help with server costs, see https://www.thecthulhu.com/donate/ thanks! Download SHA1: 8F17 1B24 EE31 8155 4C7A 2C3A 35B7 5BD4 979A BD93 SHA256: 3D45 C7DA BEBE CC32 39BD 1263 71C8 B77E D288 90B6 14C1 7157 3C85 4E56 D746 83D8 Torrent: Download LinkedIn.rar.torrent file Magnet: [Download the LinkedIn.rar file by magnet ](magnet:?xt=urn:btih:8904DA9F6556DF55867EFD77D98C70ABF2A3D840&amp;dn=LinkedIn.rar&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3a80%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.opentrackr.org%3a1337%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2f9.rarbg.com%3a2710%2fannounce&amp;tr=http%3a%2f%2fannounce.torrentsmd.com%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=http%3a%2f%2fbt.careland.com.cn%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2fexplodie.org%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=http%3a%2f%2fmgtracker.org%3a2710%2fannounce&amp;tr=http%3a%2f%2ftracker.tfile.me%2fannounce&amp;tr=http%3a%2f%2ftracker.torrenty.org%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.trackerfix.com%3a80%2fannounce&amp;tr=http%3a%2f%2fwww.mvgroup.org%3a2710%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2f9.rarbg.com%3a2710%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2f9.rarbg.me%3a2710%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2f9.rarbg.to%3a2710%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2fcoppersurfer.tk%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2fexodus.desync.com%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2fglotorrents.pw%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2fopen.demonii.com%3a1337%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.coppersurfer.tk%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.glotorrents.com%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.leechers-paradise.org%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3a80%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.opentrackr.org%3a1337%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.publicbt.com%3a80%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker4.piratux.com%3a6969%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.pomf.se%3a80%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.publicbt.com%3a80%2fannounce&amp;tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.ccc.de%3a80%2fannounce&amp;ws=http%3a%2f%2flinkedin.thecthulhu.com%2fLinkedIn.rar) Contact Form: https://www.thecthulhu.com/contact-me/ -Cthulhu (@CthulhuSec)
7.3GB, extracts to 21GB of 30 some text files
We use different rubber duckys https://hakshop.myshopify.com/products/usb-rubber-ducky-deluxe
She pretzeled when she should have known her limits
The cinematography reminds me of how they film the show, with the subject extremely off centered
&gt;If you have a VPS, and you need someone to set it up for you, I can offer to set it up for you. Are there instructions I could use instead?
I can't believe she luke skywalker ep7'd this episode
* Privacy concerns * for every new feature, there is loss of functionality/compatibility somewhere else * upgrade strategy is indefensibly aggressive * 2 versions of control panel and neither of them have all the options * auto updates are either unsanctioned or not easy enough for the user to configure properly * breaking support and development on old versions to encourage upgrades * begging for app reviews on built in programs like the calculator * unable to really disable things like onedrive and cortana It's been a great year to switch to linux
There's a few ways to run it, but for simplicity and a clean break from windows you'll likely overwrite windows with linux. If your ballsy, you could grab the linux iso below, use YUMI to make a USB install tool, boot your computer from the USB, and follow the installer prompts. I'd personally recommend grabbing VMWare player or virtualbox to run ubuntu in windows to make sure you can do everything you need on linux. You can use the ubuntu iso to install to the virtual machine. Once your comfortable, you would follow the USB instructions above to do the same install over Windows I'm happy to help you or anyone with questions and there are a ton of videos on youtube showing the install process too Ubuntu: http://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop VMWare player http://www.filehippo.com/download_vmware_player/ YUMI: http://www.pendrivelinux.com/yumi-multiboot-usb-creator/ Install on VMWare https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNXLe-uMjiQ
You've got a lot of points to cite. You could start with the statistics on civilian drone deaths. And no, the ones counting any 18+ male as a terrorist are not valid http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/nov/24/-sp-us-drone-strikes-kill-1147
So you would destroy a bus to kill one person, but it's ok because the russians were worse in WW2?
How do you think the survivors react to a foreign nation blowing up dozens of their neighbors and family members to hopefully kill 1 guy? A few posts up discussed drones as a fear factor for the bad guys, but it looms over civilians heads too. It's just a matter of blowback at that point. Are we creating more enemies than we destroy? At the current ratio of civilian deaths to actual targets, are drones a tactic we should employ?
Please provide statistics. In many areas, the news coverage has made things seem 10x worse while statistically things have been better.
If only it was a wafer lock
From an infosec perspective, fingerprints are a miracle. People at least protect their phones with something now, and it will keep the vast majority of people out. It's much better to provide good security to most people than excellent security to 2% and none to the rest.
Without fingerprint auth, most people wouldn't use any security. Fingerprint logins for phones are one of the greatest security improvements of this decade
IMEI blacklisting prevents the use of stolen phones on domestic networks, deterring the sale of stolen phones. Also iphones are generally locked to your appleID even after being wiped.
They don't offer the type of employment you'd prefer and they're upfront about it? I fail to see the issue
They don't have to work that job, so the defense doesn't apply. It's perfectly valid not to respect someone based on their job or what they do. They could be an oil pirate, payday loan person, or big pharma lobbyist. If he give a shit about privacy he wouldn't work at facebook in the first place
Everything I read makes me glad I switched from PIA to IVPN
Psh I'll make that back in no time with daytrading. I've been gettings some good intel from the BTC trollbox
Brand can still be a good indicator of build quality, longevity, and support
I didn't even the missing words the first time
Clinton deleting emails
Holy shit I didn't notice that
How do you deal with polluting the air and water?
What OS/VM host software?
In general, is there a good way to find out about the candidates that will be on my ballot?
&gt; Sam's happy at Old Town Wasn't that the citadel?
I thought the colors indicated the faces she would wear
She's not Gilfoyle
That's true. And maybe gaining some credibility to convince people they are real
Seems like all of Essos is out of the plot now
Weird lady in Qarth
i fuckin love synthesia
actually michael angelo was an artist not an art form
the Nimrods in congress would probably just vote for themselves
Motorbike step 1: Aim toward the nearest child step 2: Gun it
That might burn his fingers though
I'm so glad most people can tell. I maintain that good sarcasm should not need a /s
2FA should be done through an app like Authy. It's more secure and you don't have to give out your number
&gt; "Promise me, Ned" oh i didnt catch that line
Honestly every storyline in GOT is better than TWDs one storyline. They had their red wedding moment and fucked it up worse than dorne. A better analogy is TWD is the prom queen who got hooked on meth 4 years ago, while GOT is naked skydiving with the entire swedish gymnastics team
And didn't big head's dad promise to go mafia on bachman if he had further financial dealings with him?
Guyyyys, I can't believe you invaded westeros without meeee and he's probably got a sweet ass club hand by now
It's a miracle the blocksize debate, censorship, and mining centralization hasn't tanked the price by now. I haven't dumped my coins, but I have stopped buying
A lot of these rich addresses are probably businesses or exchanges
It's good to be skeptical. I can vouch for this site personally and professionally. I've been contacting my friends and family in the LinkedIn dump and so far they all use that password for everything
Damn, maybe we should leave the EU too
fuck jesus was my name in high school
&gt; Goggle gives us maps, Android, More, live Google does all that, whereas the Goggles do nothing
The update mentions a slowdown with nvidia gpus on maxwell chipsets. Is that where you're noticing it?
In my state, they say the dash cam doesn't activate until they flip their lights on
That's just a lie the other wizards tell to get all the bad pussay for themselves
Is the imbalance from rocking out that much weight with one hand dangerous to the spine?
It's not like he drove the prius off a cliff into the ocean. Someone else is now driving that prius and it's almost definitely more fuel efficient than their old car.
Nintendo's aim is to follow the Blue Ocean Strategy of creating new market space and owning it from a low price point that is accessible to more people. The high powered console space has competition already, producing thinner profit margins and focus on specs rather than game quality Creating new market products is usually riskier, but when it works it can be extremely profitable https://youtu.be/1Zcr0VdJGik?t=764
&gt; Except then that old car was also constructed for nothing. At the end of the chain is still a car that was inefficiently tossed away. There's no reason that should be the case. Person A was the hypothetical buying the new 'toy' car, but B, C, and D are likely buying because their car no longer suits their needs or they can't maintain it anymore. I almost never hear of someone buying a car because it was shiny. It's always because they to cart around more kids or it took a shit on the highway or some other utility related reason. Collective actions are made up of individual actions. Of course it doesn't end at being a good consumer, but helping to spread awareness, voting for environmental protections, and creating a culture that is conscious of its actions are all ways people can do their part. "the system" only exists because individuals create and support it. Individuals collectively are also the only way to change it
This is targeted. Yet another reason you never disclose your crypto holdings to anyone.
I was responding to someone else, but ok. I can fully appreciate the value of ethereum, but it has not supplanted bitcoin yet. Every week we hear about some new battery tech that charges in 2 seconds and lasts for 80 years, but my TV remote is still powered by AAs. Is every electrical grid on the planet obsolete because dyson spheres have been theorized? It's easy to criticize before having to face all the challenges the market leader had to. I'm very hopeful that ethereum beats out bitcoin, but a lot of it is unproven and hasn't really reached market yet.
Computing power is pretty much irrelevant to bitcoin tracking. It's all about having the info from 3rd parties like merchants and exchanges. If you can subpeona that, doing a lookup is easy
Math and market demand
It varies, but some things people like are: * Financial privacy * It aligns with their political ideology * It allows the unbanked population of the world a way to join the world market and store their money securely * Store of value * Market speculation * It's a much more natural online payment system * It's a borderless currency that can send money to another country without Western Union fees * It's cool tech an people want to support it * The government can't go into your account and take your money
"Sources indicate 80% of purchases are never played, but he just keeps buying them"
/r/titleporn
Is bullet #1 any less of an issue with threats to stop donating in place of threats to stop advertising?
I appreciate that the thread wasn't just locked instead
If you connected to both accounts from the same IP address (your home network is probably pretty unique), they know If you have a significant amount of friend overlap on both accounts, they know
+1 for WUC Also bias shouldn't really come into play for introductory guides. Anyone teaching beginners about block size implications, centralized development, or community censorship is doing it wrong anyway
It may be helpful to readers if you define the acronyms AD, EB, and EEB mean As I understand it, only nodes would set a preferred blocksize. Most users are moving to SPV wallets at this point anyway due to the size of the blockchain, so I don't think bullet #4 would be a worry. Any node operator should be capable of setting a blocksize
Yeah but without the picture he wouldn't have gotten enough Likes to feed his family
Also your privacy settings are useless against many social media concerns like this
No favela is actually the best level in COD MW2
They spend the majority of their time begging for money from special interests, not researching voter support for bills. Having representatives just means stupid people elect other stupid people and there's far fewer votes the corporations need to buy
I saw a video about it somewhere, but there's a lot of news articles too http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/08/call-time-congressional-fundraising_n_2427291.html
&gt; The data harvesting offline is the biggest concern. I don't care if they watch me while I use it. That is too be expected. What is scary is the tracking of webpages you read outside facebook. And the ip and location harvesting. Disconnect can block some webpage tracking, but facebook is everywhere. Even if you never had an account, they know much of your web history, who your contacts are, who's picture's you're in, where you probably live/work/study, what your interests probably are, and other things you may not expect. This is all based on data your friends are telling facebook about you Leaving facebook helps, but the only way to avoid this other tracking is to support privacy laws, make people aware of the issues, and remove facebook revenue streams (your data)
Bitcoin bubbles always pump up alts. The last ATH was accompanied by an almost perfect ratio of increase in all the top 5 coins A rising tide floats all boats
Computer hardware, cracking techniques, and sample password data is so advanced that 16 character passphrases are the new minimum. If you can remember 4 words, you can ditch the complexity bullshit https://www.xkcd.com/936/ I'm aware of the amount of 5-10 character password combos, I've cracked over a billion of them from leaked website password databases :)
Fun fact, the longest password I've seen cracked was a known phrase (song title) A Lap Dance Is So Much Better When the Stripper Is Crying
&gt; proprietary information that is being transferred through their phones isn't exfiltrated without some type of MDM MDM is not a proper DLP replacement
There's different levels of MDM. From plain inventory, to autoconfiguring things like mail, to enforcing security policies, to lost device wipe/recovery, to the privacy invading ones. Based on their description, this is a very conservative one that wouldn't really be an issue. If you don't trust them, you could keep this document and make friends with IT who will likely be happy to tell you what they can and can't see. If they've lied in this document, you may have standing for a lawsuit. There have already been some court cases that imply MDM may run afoul of wiretapping laws, even if the company owns the device
Are you trying to say I've slept with tons of dudes
When the time comes, does ethereum have plans to overcome the challenges bitcoin is currently facing?
I think the thought is that looking up that tracking number removes plausible deniability about your knowledge of the incoming package. Most people say it's fine to ship to your home because anybody could have shipped you a package with anything in it, but tracking that package shows that you knew it was coming. Then if you're caught you're left trying to lie about the seller and contents of the shipment rather then the shipment itself
Reaver is for getting access to the wifi network Network access is the most important outer layer for security and you're already past it. From your position on the network, you can sniff traffic of other wifi devices and interact with other hosts on the network (including the router probably).
Andreas Antonopopodopolis
This is a support, not bitcoin issue
The slavery argument was weak but overall big props to these kids for arguing an unpopular topic. Other fun parts: * The teacher not knowing what STEM was, and after hearing Science, Tech, Engineering, and Math he asked if those fields made more money * "You'll never get a girlfriend talking like that" -&gt; basically, we're oppressed and you have to agree or we'll all hate you
He could talk to bitpay or whoever their processor is, but this is a known aspect of bitcoin. It doesn't really make sense to blame the money when their support can be shitty with any currency
&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; If it's the latter, I agree that it's unethical. (Being the devil's advocate here) However if it's just them having access to what you do online, it may not necessarily be unethical. Keep in mind that anything you do on the Internet is recorded whether it's by your ISP or the website being used and this information is constantly shared and/or sold. What you search online or what you post online definitely impacts what you see online. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; For example I always go Incognito on Google Chrome to do vacation searches. Now Google says this information is not saved by them but then when I go on Facebook I get ads suggesting different destinations and fares and stuff. This is done with tracking cookies/pixels, Like buttons (even if you don't have a facebook, linkedIn, twitter), and browser fingerprinting. Some easy steps to start blocking this are installing chrome and firefox extensions: ublock origin, disconnect, and https everywhere.
I'm not a miner, but from what I understand of the people who haven't but want to, * the mining pools often have to do extensive QA before importing changes like segwit to their custom client code * Pools have their own internal and international politics to deal with. Some have held votes, some are still discussing * They may be waiting to see how much of the market agrees before they throw their hat in the ring. How much of the surrounding infrastructure like exchanges would be alienated if it activated, what do the users think?
And other shorts due to condensation
So like a bunch of 1 way streets for the stream?
If it's worth doing, it's worth overdoing
Shrem getting out of jail and coming back to bitcoin must have been like http://media.riffsy.com/images/8c38ca9a1ac1e57aa5e611b007141288/raw
&gt; I really think healthcare is one area where the laws of the free market start to break down That's exactly why I make an exception in my philosophy for healthcare. I'm not about the "shop around" for the best price on fixing my cannonball wound. Right now we've got the worst of both worlds with government mandated crony capitalism. I think a more free market solution would be somewhat less fucked, but something like single payer is more efficient
Segwit only activates at 95%. There's already 20% in active opposition to it and it expires in November. The community divide is not an issue that will just work itself out
Nobody is saying hard forks aren't more risky than doing nothing, but the questions to consider are: Will it have to happen eventually? If so, when is the best time to do it? What pains will avoiding the hard fork cause? Is it worse to fork now or let fees increase, transactions stall, and the have to fork anyway?
Miners are some of the most heavily invested people in bitcoin. They aren't just lazy or political or vindictive when they make their choices. You seem to be cheerleading a position that you've arrived at based mostly on views of authority figures. You may find a benefit from doing some objective research and it may either change your view or make you a more persuasive proponent.
Look at the price and reviews, this is a scam item. You could have picked a better USB to make your point
Doxxing is going to be off the charts with this one
Pruning is already a part of all major node clients
The bandwidth requirement is the same because it has to validate every block, but setting pruning will cause it to discard blocks as it works through the chain. Pruning isn't a way to magically speed it up, but it will set a maximum amount of HDD space used by the blockchain I'm sure you could make a backup of the files in the .bitcoin folder as a sort of snapshot
There's a bitcoin-cli command like getinfo that will show you the number of connections. As long as it's above 8, you're good. That may not happen until you're done verifying blocks
The most it could be is against their terms of service. They don't care to enforce region restrictions any more than they have to You might have issues with netflix since their proxy blacklisting includes most datacenters and therefore VPNs
Actually it was for the nickelodeons back in 1910 that they first invented backgrounds
Do you have at least 8 connections? Is it opened on the router or does it allow UPNP?
You just have to switch out the girl for a fleshlight at the 59 minute mark
Would anybody rather see them thank 1000 random people all night? They've guilted all these celebrities into participating, the least they can do is give them a minute of airtime If they don't want them to talk, just announce the winners and mail out trophies. That doesn't sell ad time though
Well you have to rip that band aid off at some point They already know your name, so it's best not to continue giving them PII
This is the only alert Signal ever produces, so we're very far from 'desensitizing people'. When it does happen, you can still accept the message and then ask "new phone?". *As mayniac182 says below, use an OTR communications channel to verify. Verifying through the app you're verifying is pointless*** Their reasoning is exceptionally weak
For all we know, the keys are switched out upon install. It's closed source software and facebook has every motivation to do this That also means this is unlikely to be the last hole found in the software. If you haven't tried signal, give it a shot. It's actually really good and you don't have to compromise
What do you mean doesn't have SMS support? It handles my SMS and signal messages flawlessly. Anything Signal is encrypted and anything SMS still works normally. It also keeps your SMS data in a more secure location on the phone (for android at least)
It's against their TOS because unless you've got a dedicated box, your VPS uses shared resources and would be hogging far more than your share. The expected usage of a server is typically below 50% of allocated resources because it needs to have some room to stretch its legs during peak hours. Running at balls to the wall 100% all the time is not good for hardware and not the type of resource usage a VPS provider budgets for. They can easily monitor resource usage and trends, monitor traffic and ports used, and check for your box's IP against the node testing tools
You're correct about everything, including the outrage, but additionally the Signal protocol underneath is secure. The vulnerability was deliberately introduced in the closed source layer on top of it that facebook built Everyone should skip the corrupt middleman and just use signal
I just started to decline to discuss certain things over insecure mediums like SMS. It gets the point across and they either continue having censored conversations, adopt secure practices, or stop talking over insecure services
Other than message alerts, there aren't really any other alerts to desensitize users. It's a terrible excuse
Gizmodo is still gawker trash Nothing they say addresses the actual finding. Nobody said the Signal protocol is broken. The closed source bullshit facebook wrapped around it implemented a security vulnerability *deliberately* in favor of They cite some twitter posts that it technically isn't a "backdoor" but it is still a vulnerability. They other post they cite says "of course it's a vulnerability because its a key validation issue". &gt;Not a "backdoor" but equally intolerable. Are they hoping they can link to sources and people won't check them? Shitty gizmodo article. People need to ditch facebook. Use pure Signal
Data mining, by nature, goes beyond individual consent. When you have all those dots and connect them, you find more information about other people. I specifically have never had a facebook and block them from my browsing in every way, but they still know my face, my contacts, my location, my job, my company, and can deduce my interests based on information shared by my contacts. I've done my share implementing technical controls in my life to regain privacy, but social and legislative protections are also needed.
People love security as long as it doesn't require money, effort, time, knowledge, or other resources
FUD is bad, but so is overconfidence. All you need to know about storage is "if you don't hold the private key, they are not your coins"
Comparing devs to rapists and subreddit squatting /r/bitcoinclassic and /r/btcclassic Very classy dude
Signal has been cryptographically audited, which is a big leg up on other messengers. One of the big issues with Signal adoption is the self fulfilling prophecy of "Nobody else is on it". I doubt this will get off the ground without an ios app
MS hasn't been keen on fixing UI issues for a while https://www.reddit.com/r/Windows10/comments/4xp77j/bug_uac_window_occasionally_appear_behind_the/
when is go1dfish going to fix their SSL cert?
He's a socially conservative authoritarian. The exact goddamn opposite of libertarian. It's been interesting to see how much of this sub is here because "fuck the system" more than any actual political stances
This is exactly what office life was like in '99
Top 10% average over 10 a day??? Like 1 in 10 adults?
Nobody cared about 'fake news' or russia until after the election. It's purely a way to distract from DNC and clinton corruption. It's a goddamn shame they were able to distract from the content of the leaks and never address them
Corruption by her and the DNC, being extremely fake, dishonest, and never forthcoming. She was the most establishment candidate in the most anti-establishment cycle to date. She pulled a lot of bullshit to ensure her nomination and alienated a lot of sanders and independant voters. Trump's unfavorables were higher, but the people voting for him didn't care if they liked him. They wanted to drive a freight train of stupid through washington
Is this unusual? It's not even like affect and effect
It's a great comparison because it's vague enough that everyone thinks they are the smart engineer and the other side is the stupid people, so everyone upvotes it without OP having to actually form an argument or take a side on anything
Doesn't work. My college bike literally fell apart in the 50 feet they tried to ride it away. I found a trail of parts that fell off The other fun part is they hacksawed through the lock, but they only needed to twist one of the numbers one digit
FYI, my reply to you was removed as expected. Not deleted so anyone would know, just hidden &gt;Some opinions aren't allowed here. I've had several posts removed that weren't pro-core or pro-1mb or pro-segwit. Even posts that were neutral or implying there's merits to both sides &gt;It's even been enshrined in the rules here that many of these subjects are banned as altcoin discussion, which is objectively wrong. &gt;There's supposed to be 4 comments here but I only see 2. I'll be surprised if my post stays up
He gave a defcon talk about it. Just like other hash cracking, it wasn't targeted. He just generated public/private key pairs from base phrases and checked the blockchain for the public key.
Nobody has ever said everyone supporting segwit is a paid shill, but this thread is filled with people claiming BU (20% of the network) are all paid shills. Did you try to think of a real argument and come up short?
And the people who think trump will are even more delusional. Somehow implying snowden should be killed is now pro-snowden
&gt; You could, but you have no evidence of it. Exactly, my point being that you also have no evidence. That video just says for a split second "BashCo says these users are targeted" and the video maker did nothing to target specific users. Did you watch the video or just read the title?
There was a 4,000+ point thread in a the_donald sub right after the election saying he'd pardon snowden and assange and make ron paul the fed chairman. I've seen it a few times in this sub too
Why do people make dumb investments and then get upset when it doesn't work out? Every few months theres another crowdfunded thing that collapses and everyone is in utter disbelief that this could possibly happen. They invest based on some flashy photoshop or marketing video and nothing showing the idea is even feasible. Has a single kickstarter type campaign actually worked? I can't think of any. Lockitron got off the ground somewhat, but they're still behind on orders and competitors have taken most of the market EDIT: People have pointed out Oculus and a few indie games were crowdsourced
I wasn't talking about only kickstarter in the first line. I hear "it should be illegal!" every time someone loses money on pyramid/MLM schemes, altcoin cryptocurrencies, stocks, and other bullshit they get swindled on. Kickstarter seems like the worst for the reasons you stated. Best case scenario they are locked in at a certain price for the product and get it first, but even that has the downsides of being a first run product.
I wasn't talking about only kickstarter in the first line. I hear "it should be illegal!" every time someone loses money on pyramid/MLM schemes, altcoin cryptocurrencies, stocks, and other bullshit they get swindled on. Kickstarter seems like the worst for the reasons you stated. Best case scenario they are locked in at a certain price for the product and get it first, but even that has the downsides of being a first run product.
I don't know if it was the_donald specifically, just one of their controlled subs. I'm not about to sort through that shit sub, so I'm unable find the post at this time
I've already been examined but I suppose an 86th opinion wouldn't hurt
I'm not sure what you mean. Are you saying coercion is morally irrelevant?
Not for Sector 8
I've had posts hidden just for saying "I've had posts on /r/bitcoin hidden"
He was on every side of every issue. Anyone with enough of a confirmation bias filter could find something to like as long as they hated government or other people enough to ignore reality
Mods shouldn't be deleting things, but can we also not be assholes? What does it accomplish to start the reply that way?
In a packet switched infrastructure, the black boxes would just collect copies for analysis and let the original through. Firewalls, IDS, and IPS systems already have to do this in real time and decide if they want to slow down or drop packets when they can't keep up
*triggered*
It can be interesting to recognize value landmarks from time to time, but it's important to have the space and freedom to talk about different ideas like ██████ the ████████████. Having an open and productive forum is foundational to progress and bitcoin's ability to stay as a market leader.
Following or unfollowing on facebook is basically the same as managing subreddit subscriptions. There are also dedicated places like facebook groups The only real difference is the site's target market and strategy
You average 1.2 games a day?
Obviously a private site can do as they like, but we can still discuss it
They don't want their sub to be overrun with posts about politics, news, animals, events, things, or videos
&gt; Do you feel the same about Bitcointalk, and by extension, ███████ who's allowed it to be what it is? FTFY
That hasn't been my experience, but even if that was the case I would prefer a subreddit like that to one where comments are hidden if they don't fit the right narrative
Your posts have stood out for weeks because the term 'numpty' is pretty unique. Everywhere I see you, you're just terribly unpleasant. You just call people names and contribute nothing yourself.
You do realize you're just adding fuel to the fire with this bullshit? It's like you want segwit to fail
I don't know the parameters of your hypothetical, but a checkup is valuable for finding the cause of known and unknown issues, giving people good and direct personal medical advice, and collecting patient history and population health statistics. As for coverage, if your leg fell off would you skip the checkup if there wasn't an absolute 100% chance it was covered?
Subs are kind of meaningless, but traffic stats show a 5:1 ratio of unique visitors to bitcoin vs. btc
Using this URL, you can modify the subreddit name https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/about/traffic/ https://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/about/traffic/
&gt; I've met the most anal inspectors. I've been to 9 professionals and a dozen amateurs, how about you?
Yep, $100-$300 part
&gt; The breaker box is completely mislabeled I'm not sure I've ever seen one labelled all correctly
Would you post a .zip of your web history?
You're both correct. They ran their systems on XT at one point and theymos threatened to ban coinbase accounts from /r/bitcoin for it
Honey doesn't fit either of these points, but they also refuse to eat that
Disconnect is the preferred one. Ghostery is run by an ad agency
They also know all your contacts, your location, probably your school/job, a lot of your web activity, your shopping habits, and more
I wish they showed it in the cart screen like they show paypal and credit cards. You can't see bitcoin is an option until you are halfway through checkout
He had plenty of time to do it himself in the debates, but he spent the whole time talking shit about other people and making vague "we'll beat isis" remarks. He never had any policies
Are we still on this "give him a chance" bullshit? He's just appointed the worst cabinet anyone could have imagined. People who are all the antithesis of their post. Drain the swamp, have the best people, small government, make things better. What a joke.
Redditors have deduced that the miners who have sunk hundreds, thousands, maybe millions into bitcoin are anti-bitcoin, ill informed, making political or emotional decisions, or otherwise invalid choices. You can tell the miners are wrong because they disagree with some reddit users
They're so not. Miners see better returns from higher volume and value. Limiting the amount of transactions they can collect fees on is not beneficial to them
Artificial meaning it's not a natural bottleneck like one caused by network speed or some other environmental situation. Why was there not a DOS attack in the time when blocks were relatively empty? Isn't a DOS much easier now that [we're pretty much at capacity](https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-block-size)? There have been several days where things were backed up by the thousands What would be your ideal volume to blocksize ratio? Given how long changing from 1mb has taken, can we be sure we can update next time it's needed?
Most transactions are not emergencies and fees don't scale that much. I'd rather gain 10 cent fees from 200 transactions than 15 cent fees from 100 transactions Besides, a high fee market will lower the value of bitcoin, which lowers the value of fees
She managed to lose to trump. I wouldn't know how to do that if I tried
Worked against clinton https://www.salon.com/2016/11/09/the-hillary-clinton-campaign-intentionally-created-donald-trump-with-its-pied-piper-strategy/
Wow you are super condescending. Agreeing with you and not understanding bitcoin are not the only two possibilities out there. That's a false dilemma. There's not really anything to say about your DOS claim because you've been so decidedly vague about your own prediction. I don't know where you're getting the unlimited block size figure from, I've only ever seen maybe 1 person suggest that.
Run for president? Just run for president??? Maybe I'll strap on my campaign helmet and hop into my campaign cannon and blast off into president land where nominations grow on trees!
How do you time the market? I've been watching 8tb drives for a month and it's been steady
99% of systems provided to you are monitored. At work, school, your email, your social media, everything. That's part of why companies have user agreements and login disclaimers that state this. It's obviously valid in a corporate environment where they need to track problems, block/remove malware, retain company data for litigation, and other day to day things
The coastal ones will get bluer when they're underwater
At least that's how we get movies about nick cage killing osama
&gt; So you're saying OP lied in the title just for karma? I've never seen such a thing. Welcome to trump's america
The googledocs link says they took down the list. I have space but the instructions are unclear
It's an issue if * You've purchased windows expecting similar support periods as previous versions * They haven't clearly communicated the shorter support plans This is an exceptionally short time for it to be ending.
&gt; You could win CA, NY, FL, TX, IL, PA, completely ignore the rest of the country and still win. In this hypothetical, you'd have to take 100% of those states with 100% voter turnout (including kids). Also another way to phrase your hypothetical is "you could win 51% of the country and win". For the opposite type of hypothetical, there is a scenario where the electoral college lets you win with only 21% of the vote https://youtu.be/7wC42HgLA4k?t=259 &gt;At that point you'd win by numbers but definitely not be a representative of most of the country. Maybe not by acre, but by people you literally have represented most of the country. &gt;A popular vote would lessen the amount of states candidates hit even more than they already do. Hell you'd never even have to see half the country. Actually it makes every vote count instead of forcing candidates to focus on swing states. there are a lot of people who don't bother to vote because they aren't in a purple state. Voting by state and giving people's votes different values violates "one person one vote" and is simply indefensible. &gt; Also the DNC needs to not make up their minds before primary season and sandbag their best candidate. Amen
&gt;Hillary won the popular vote by running up the score in a single state. That proves that Democrats can do so The geographic location of those voters shouldn't determine the value of their vote is lower than anyone elses. &gt;(in a state, I may add, with the highest concentration of illegal immigrants and the weakest voter laws in the country). That's an entirely different discussion. You've got some sources to cite if you want to propose that as an influencing factor. In the same vein, a popular vote system makes voter fraud more difficult. It's much easier and more discrete to swing some districts in a state with thin margins and then you get all the EC votes. Fraud on a national scale would have to be far more pervasive and obvious &gt; Those states have seen their economies disintegrate under Obama I saw the life expectancy article, but I don't know what stats you're referring to here
They have federal representation via their representatives in congress. Acreage and state lines are irrelevant when discussing representing the people. Population and total votes is the only way to adhere to "one person one vote" and give everyone's votes the same weight. You act like the cities are going to enslave the country folk or something, but those red areas have roughly 50% of the votes anyway. With the current system politicians only care about purple states. All those deep red or blue states on your map are ignored because the candidate could personally take a shit on your doorstep and it wouldn't change the outcome of the votes
Are you saying voting is bad? I'm super curious how you tie this scenario back to the EC
Their cup overfloweth
Are port control, SIEMs, or other protections realistically available for home networks? I know VLANs and firewalls are possible with things like ddwrt and pfsense. It's been good to learn how the enterprise handles these controls but I still feel like a given home network will not have implemented any security unless they just run off an airgapped DVR system
Even literally it can be true. The purchase itself doesn't have to appreciate to be an investment. It just has to provide some future benefit This is the 3rd time this month someone has been incorrectly pedantic about the meaning of "investment". It's like some econ 101 professor died mid-lecture and the class went on an internet crusade
They can suddenly point all their power to 1 pool
Shit, that hole in the middle can't be good
They could be trying to short the market by causing market panic just by setting up for an attack and not executing They could be a hostile entity like a bank or government
The ISP already has access to your data in transit. Unless it's a modem/router combo, what good would a backdoor in the modem do for the ISP? It sits on the same side of your router as the rest of the internet
Security is preventing a breach AND reducing the risk factors in the event of a breach. It may not be your biggest risk, but it is one commonly used for blackmail type attacks
Yeah and they would also like to extort $2000 or they'll send videos of you smacking the bishop to everyone on your facebook
simply put, your webcam is probably controlled by software and anyone who controls your cam can also bypass the software. Cheap cams are less secure if anything
Blackmail you for $2000 or they send the video to everyone on your facebook. It's actually pretty common
Also your checked bags will end up in C
The problem is that this isn't USB memory, it's a USB device impersonating a keyboard so the OS doesn't know any difference. It's kind of a 'dumb' script because it only knows what to type, but can't adjust based on anything happening on the computer. You might be able to pull hardware IDs for rubber duckys and blacklist them in group policy, but you'd have to do that for all duckys and arduinos
I run it on a tiny VM that reads from a network share and transcodes full 1080p. It's a ESXi 6 host on a skullcanyon NUC
I think there is an old version some people are still using from before it was controlled by the owner who poisoned the project. However it may be less secure and has less features like webUI and all that fun stuff The current projects are much better bits of software
Did she just mix up equality and equity?
Will copies without official checksums invalidate the data? It looks like the github project is meant for people with hosting capabilities, not just space. What can someone with just storage space grab for safekeeping?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYiOCctlPR0
And Fox called him King Obama for it
if the emails issue confuses you and that was the only democratic misstep you took away from this election, that's a recipe for 8 years of trump
https://www.amazon.com/Bullkey-3pcs-Locksmith-Tubular-Tools/dp/B01N20ID19/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1485447099&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=huk+tubular ?
He's been shot, drowned, and made in a rebar kebab, but just plz don't hurt his feelings
The default outcome is not magically exempt from being a decision
Except for their climate change research
It got moved to a subdomain, as it tradition with new administrations. The telling part is the pages that went up instead
Will it put Deluge at the tip?
/r/gatekeeping
Who among us could have possibly predicted 1mb blocks filling up?
Jesus, I wasn't sure where they could go after my 1200 How's the airflow in the bottom section
*A backwards J The negative pressure in the pipe should suck the liquid toward the pipe
Once you socialize health care costs, these nanny state things will tend to happen. Now that we're all paying for each others medical bills, people will support these measures
Based on leaked data, that's one of the most common PINs. Some 90% of PINs start with the number 1
Obesity also has tons of other costs along the way beyond health care. Decreased productivity, increased fuel usage, engineering/design costs from having to accommodate vastly different body types, increased production food requirements, etc
There's been tons of reports of utorrent bundling malware and other crap for years now. Try deluge or qbittorrent
You're lucky. Stay way while you still can. Don't give them any money
How far back was the purchase? What if you used a credit card through paypal?
There's fine print in a lot of these claims. Mine will "pay for pothole damage" but that turned out to mean "might pay 15% of costs not covered by an insurance claim". Yours looks a little better but most people are still not paid https://www.edmonton.ca/transportation/report_requests/pothole-damage-claims.aspx
You can also run a pruned node and keep the blockchain space to 1GB or so
Not to be confused with 7 proxies
Or maybe it was treating people like children who didn't know best? [Propping up trump](https://www.salon.com/2016/11/09/the-hillary-clinton-campaign-intentionally-created-donald-trump-with-its-pied-piper-strategy/), fixing the primary, supporting superdelegates, refusing to release speeches, etc.
That should be the metric that decides elections, but it wasn't. Accept that the dems lost and learn from it or it will be 8 years of trump If you can't do that, realize it was a narrow popular vote win. It should have been a fucking landslide against that jackass
I get that tying the election into it gives it more relevance and I fully agree with what he goes on to say, but that was not a primary reason the dems lost. Ever since they lost they've been pointing the finger at everyone and everything else but they refuse to recognize and fix the cancer in their own party. If nothing gets fixed, buckle up for 8 years of trump [Fake news wasn't even talked about until they lost](https://www.google.com/trends/explore?q=fake%20news) They can blame russia and wikileaks all they want for exposing them, but they never even acknowledged what was exposed They forced through a candidate because it was 'her turn', ignored the potential for the bernie movement, and alienated a large portion of their base and independents. She wasn't an inspiring candidate, she didn't indicate changing much of anything, she was the most establishment candidate running in the most anti establishment election in history
legal "guidelines"
Invest in security talent, tools, and training? Naaahhhhhhh
You're super early in the field which will be tough initially but a massive benefit in the long run. You can get a leg up with potential employers with the right attitude, knowledge, and projects you've worked on. You could build a homelab or a raspberry pi project or write a program
&gt;if you read the hong kong agreement, it is clear as day. Core needs to include a hardfork before miners will run SegWit. It is all spelled out crystal clear. Would you like to post it?
It bugs me, but I know MS doesn't give a shit as the desktop market leader. Linux wants a bigger slice of the pie and wants to claim they are better in every way, so be better. NTFS is also far more common than BTRFS Also Debian supports ntfs quite well.
People are of course responsible for voting and who their vote is for. However, a candidate's responsibility is to win those votes. If the candidate loses, it's on them, not the voters
Her FBI and wikileaks scandals would have had no basis without her reputation as a corrupt, lying politician. She was a weak candidate with many skeletons in the closet but they gave her the nomination anyway because she was so 'electable'. If you ignore the real issues, it will be 8 years of trump
If a fork happens, the unlimited chain needs more policies like these to sway people
Isn't it a real building someone could check?
Extensive collusion within the clinton camp, DNC, and media to control airtime for candidates in both parties. They specified giving trump more airtime because they thought he'd be a weaker general election candidate. mishandling of government emails Clinton having a private stance and a public one Collusion with the DNC to bury Sanders and attack him for being jewish. In the brainstorming of how to attack him, they wanted to call him an atheist Probably more i'm not remembering off the top of my head
How the gosh darn fuck did you swing that?
You're pretty good on the software side of things. You'd still need to use a VPN to keep your ISP from knowing your traffic and websites knowing who you are. Also use Signal on your phone for communicating with others
Nice, last time I took that gamble on a kitchen appliance in 'used - very good condition', it was all scraped up and 2/3 legs were snapped off
The GPO preventing the network selection UI is covered by most baseline recommendations (except MS)
Once ACLU accepts bitcoin like the EFF I can send them money too
This exactly. It felt weird giving slack to bigotry and trolls and whatever, but I've watched excess and selective moderation become -censorship in r/ bitcoin and divide the community and gridlock the project EDIT: Not that I've seen any indication of that here
Thanks, the md5 is from sabnzbd so I don't think much can be done there. I unfortunately can only run the latest version on this machine due to corporate policy. Has something changed in the last few versions? It used to work great but now all my network services with ssl are untrusted everytime the browser closes. I get the warning and 'confirm exception' steps, but no option to permanently store it? It's like my only option is to turn off cert validation globally
oh sorry, to clarify: this is a corporate machine the has windows and firefox updates centrally managed. The servers and services I'm having trouble accessing are in my home network
&gt; in the high tech industry what the shit is that
should he have used proper grammar? He should of course
We don't strip SSL or otherwise MITM on our corporate network, let alone on client machines, the VPN, or on private networks. This cert issue happens on personal computers so all of this is irrelevant anyway. It was only brought up because they ensure the latest version of firefox on client machines and the proposed workaround was not an option I'm glad firefox promotes better certs, but there's no reason I shouldn't be able to store an exception for future sessions.
Most AV, especially for home, is lazy signature based scanning. Anything sent or received is decrypted on the client, so client AV wouldn't have a need to MITM the connection like an IDS or IPS network appliance might.
How do you regulate that without banning normal users? Most people accessing from a school or business environment would be sharing IPs. Also afaik alts aren't against the rules except to circumvent a ban. Plenty of mods use alts.
A family member was in a spectrum merger recently. They called and spectrum could lower their bill for $5/month with no service decrease! Turns out the bill actually went up $15 because "their 12 month promo pricing was ending", which it had done for the last 3 decembers.
Unknown amounts of influence in development. Cryptonote can't be audited, so things like infinite coin generation bugs are invisible. If there's anyone that can be said the be the enemy of crypto, it's the banks. I consider it very suspicious
Not OP, but same situation. Making 55% more than original salary after 5 years. 2000 people company
&gt; Now thinking of hedging and buying a few ltc, decred and pivx as i think (for no real good reason) that one of theese might take over as new regular traceble btc for buying coffee etc Hey fellow privacy advocate! PIVX currently has Dash's built in obfuscation coinjoin "privatesend" and is working on replacing that with default zerocoin for every transaction. If the devs can do it, and I fully believe they can, it will be faster than Dash and litecoin, better governance than dash, better privacy than monero(opinion), more decentralized than bitcoin, and with PoS it is greener and less inflationary than PoW currencies It will be the most streamlined currency focused coin. The privacy cat is out of the bag and pseudonymous currencies will not be able to compete in the long run
Before I started, I almost moved out of state for a job paying 70% of what I got hired for. I have an HR director in the family and have compared my earnings with their market tools and raises have always been in line with what's out there.
I hold similar amounts of monero and pivx currently and don't work for either project. Any bias would be the opinion I've formed based on the information I've read. I put opinion because the privacy methods are different and not objective like transaction time. If you have a case you'd like to make, I'd be happy to read it.
&gt; so you need to live under someone else's rules to do what's right? I do the best I can and am always mindful of the environment. However other people and companies are not and free market forces do not prevent them from polluting the environment I have to live in &gt; The US doesn't need to further burden taxpayers by sending $100 Trillion to other countries, just to allegedly prevent a 1-2 degree change over the next 100 years. I feel like you've misunderstood every single facet of this topic &gt; It was a campaign promise, so it shouldn't be a surprise Don't mistake outrage for surprise. I'd only be surprised if he did something good or moderately intelligent for once
It's a bit of a chicken and egg issue where quality candidates won't bother running a race if nobody will vote 3rd party anyway
It's accurate, but perfectly misleading. Yeah the planet has endured it, the planet will be fine. However, the life on the planet is at massive risk. None of these events have happened during the time humans have been around and there have been mass extinctions of life on earth when they have happened. Hell, we've already created our own extinction event https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holocene_extinction The refugee migrations when we lose coastal cities, industrial disruption when we lose crops and infrastructure, and health affects from dirtier air and water will be magnitudes costlier than preventative measures
He says it's natural because it's happened before (and caused extinction events). No mention of how that was on timescales magnitudes larger and humans weren't around. Fun chart https://xkcd.com/1732/
He's a broken clock right twice a day (NSA spying) This is one of those many times when he's exceptionally wrong. He's just another GOP
It's an unusual angle, but climate change will impact everyone and in different ways. They want people to remember this when they vote. It's accurate even if you're not part of the target audience
Nobody said that Statistically it will affect certain races disproportionately. And call me an optimist, but I think you could have figured that out
Gesundheit
Can we let this shit die? Nobody is defending her, we're all on the same side on this one
The event was not some smoking gun. There's caller ID spoofing and voice changer apps out there, so really it could have been anybody
There's already coinjoin and tumbling solutions on the market, even built right into dash. There's also zerocoin in ZEC and soon to be PIVX
Golem doesn't even have a working network like gridcoin and is 20x bigger, that should give a good estimation of the potential of this space
Damn, it was 33% a week ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcdtVD8X1-A
Agreed, but I have to ask why Dash is useless? It seems to have addressed most of bitcoin's most immediate issues and has an interesting roadmap. As far as I know, instantsend is the only tried and tested point of sale ready method of immediate secure payments. And by extension, PIVX with their zerocoin implementation underway
Bitcoin's stay of execution doesn't give me much more long-term faith in the process. That's part of why I like Dash's governance to prevent such indecision. To me, Dash seems like the only other serious currency focused coin in the top 10. &gt;For better or worse the same will happen with Bitcoin and, when it does, coins like Dash which have built their recent reputation on being "Bitcoin 2.0" will begin to fade. I feel like maybe a sentence before this was left out? I'm not sure what you mean or why Dash is tied to bitcoin's success. If bitcoin fails because of current issues, Dash would benefit if anything for having addressed them. I respect monero for being first to market, but I don't think it will be a huge player in the market. DNMs and such will use it, but the 40x larger transactions will cause blockchain bloat quickly once adoption grows
You're probably better off posting a summary rather than getting people to watch a 25 minute video
As shitty as bitcoin's fees are, centrally controlled is not the solution
I thought it was going to be a volume icon and you had to use a marker to fill in or erase the amount of percentage volume
Malls were huge for culture. Who can forget this from the 90s? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY_bhVSGKEg
That's a red herring
Thanks, you are correct that the show search is a hit per season rather than show. It is grabbing new RSS episodes, but a lot of what I'm looking for are shows that already ended and missed episodes from earlier this year.
I'd be curious if anyone could justify voting for May after comments about regulating content and speech online
I really don't think that's true. I doubt that's true for even 10%. The birthday problem alone shows how much overlap there is and there's tons of people per zip code https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birthday_problem
I poisoned the well for 2 years before deleting but it still figured out where I worked. I never mentioned the company name, connected from their IP, loaded FB on my phone, searched for any coworkers, or allowed FB trackers of any kind. It must have connected the dots of coworkers searching for me?
no you wouldn't
Even if they end up being right, that doesn't mean this isn't a bubble. Long-term success allows for drastic short term corrections as we've seen in bitcoin several times before
I could absolutely see it winning over Dash or maybe they compete like apple and android. They had first to market advantage like bitcoin does, but as we've seen this past month that isn't everything. The future is multicoin vendors like CoinPayments that support 65+ coins and adoption doesn't care as much about first movers or network effects. To put PIVX in the top 10 would be around $10/PIV, which I could see happening when zerocoin is released. It would truly differentiate it from Dash and be a first to market implementation for a Proof of Stake coin. Bitcoin has lost sight of being an everyday currency and there's tons of value in that space up for grabs.
Debate Bernie's stance all you want, but Rand's position is an embarrassment. Slavery? Come on. You don't have to work for the government and you don't have to be a doctor at all. You could quit if you wanted to and nobody would keep you from leaving. You are paid for doing your job, regardless of if the person can pay their taxes for healthcare. This is the kind of thing that is an embarrassment to the party
I'm pretty sure in that situation it would be in everyone's best interest to quarantine and treat you. Forgetting about biohazard suits and all the precautions, if a doctor refused to treat me his boss may fire him, but I would not be within my rights to hold a gun to his head, nor would anyone else. The boss firing him also has nothing to do with my payment of the service. That's a Hippocratic oath thing that the field of medicine is built on
This is the answer. Bugs are simple creatures just reacting to stimuli. Their spatial intelligence is pretty much negligible.
That's some pretty rapid fire FUD that I've seen you/someone copy/paste elsewhere &gt;Pivx has no real team, they are a bunch of freelancers working parttime, its not run like a business but more like a social project They are active on the public and private githubs, frequent the slack, and are very involved. They are funded by the PIVX dev team proposals, not just volunteers. There is a proposal now to add to the devs for a multisig GUI project. The social project part is true in that they use swarm methodology for volunteerism in the community &gt;In early you could get for 70usd 10k pivx for a masternode, now it costs like 17000 Masternode cost is pretty much irrelevant. They are distributing governance, so they are only important for services and decentralization. The seesaw algorithm adjusts rewards to keep MN supply at a proper level Nobody has given or lied about a timeline for zerocoin. People ask the slack all day and are told there is no ETA. I don't really have time to keep correcting the rest. If anyone has any questions or wants my stance on anything, feel free to comment or PM
Encourage your merchants to use something like coinpayments that supports bitcoin and alts
Corrections happen after going parabolic. Hype and momentum pump up the price, then they get out leaving greedy people holding a loss
Historically, buying during the hype is far more likely to leave you holding the bag. Some people are more comfortable calling the bottom
Check out gridcoin then for an already working coin in this space. It's built on Berkeley's BOINC distributed computing tech and has been functional for years. It's up 70% today and 30 spaces in market cap.
I haven't heard anything on NEM in quite a while. Is there anything new or just working on catapult?
That's probably an issue with the app not identifying as a password field. I turn off learning on my keyboards anyway
It's about understanding that people are lemmings, especially during a bubble like this. They hop on whatever is green and panic at the first sight of red. With enough money you can create trends by yourself or in a group and be on the winning side of bull and bear runs
My money's on PIVX I don't think I've ever said that literally before
yeah what kind of barbarian just leaves screws like this
It wasn't all sunshine and rainbows. He prosecuted many whistleblowers and expanded domestic spying several times, including in January right before Trump took the reigns.
Long-term success has nothing to do with short-term bubbles. Parabolic rises are not healthy price discovery.
I don't care about karma, but it's a measure of community sentiment and can also collapse your post at a certain point
&gt; I suggested that ETH was probably a better investment. ETH has some massive correcting to do and is already running into scalability issues of its own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFB81hFs-Bg
Basilpop bans people for literally no stated reason and uses automod to ban posts based on keyword. They don't even list rules so it's entirely discretionary. I was shadowbanned, couldn't get a response from PMing the mods, couldn't get a response in posts on their sub, and so I posted to another sub. Finally I got a reply from basilpop and it was banning/muting me outright from dashpay. I continued to ask him publicly and privately for any reason a post of mine should have been deleted, let alone shadowban worthy, and he stopped replying. Later he unbanned me saying "tread carefully" and I asked what I should avoid doing, but no response. I haven't been back He's like a childish Theymos. The most disappointing thing is that I tagged the other mods to ask if they support this and they didn't even reply
Channel updates as part of another video. It's often out of place in a roleplay type video, outdated by the time you're watching it, and you never know when the real video starts. Why not just write it in the description?
If there's a hell, trying to explain graphical representation bias to trump voters will be a big part of it
This is awful, but what's even worse is that this kind of doesn't even matter in light of the seed being available by similar means. These vulns are bad and usually the saving grace is that all software has bugs but devs are usually quick to address them. Jaxx however has been dismissive, which is a huge red flag. I dumped everything out of Jaxx this weekend and will not be back. Coinomi has been working well instead. It supports more coins and passphrases instead of PINs. In fact, /r/btc should remove Jaxx from the sidebar Also you don't need rainbow tables for 4 digits and sha256. That's basically plaintext
&gt;If you want to bitch about Dash and promote competing coins you probably shouldn't do it in a Dash sub. Like going into a biker bar and screaming about how much bikers suck. Just not the place for it. &gt;Perhaps I have it wrong and your comments were something that shouldn't have been removed, but I don't know, because you didn't actually state what it was you got banned for. That's the thing, I was never told what I was shadowbanned for, even after offering to be publicly shamed for whatever it was. And when it happened I was huge on Dash promoting it everywhere, so I can't figure out if he mixed me up with someone else or what. At least /r/bitcoin shadowbanned me for supporting larger blocks.
I suppose just contacting Dash higher ups. I was banned for discussing my shadowban, so tread carefully
How do you feel about the zerocoin protocol? (ZCoin instead of ZCash)
I think there was about 1-3 weeks between that request and the shadowban, but that's the only theory so far. Also it would make me all the prouder to have been banned if that was the reason and way they run things https://np.reddit.com/r/dashpay/comments/5y43cg/would_rdashpay_mods_consider_supporting/
This subreddit was pretty much born out of /r/bitcoin censorship and dashpay has been marketing to us
It says they were added 11 months ago, but they've been here for all the years I've been here. They may have been shuffled around or something to reorder mods The RSS url is just a reddit feed. There's 3rd party parsers like g0ldf1sh, ceddit, and snew, but they usually have issues like cert errors. Anyone could dump that output to anywhere if they wanted.
In your view, what should I have done differently? I discovered I was shadowbanned, PMed the mods, made a post in dashpay after there was no response and tagged them, then made a post in cryptocurrency, then I was fully banned and muted from modmail. Then I was unbanned and told to "not do it again". I asked "what shouldn't I do again?" and got no response. I did not use dashpay again and told the story in another post. For that I was banned again, still without explanation for any of this.
A troublemaker by virtue of Dash not being my favorite coin anymore? That's very interesting and frankly seems kind of insecure. Should you be considered a troublemaker and possibly banned from all other crypto subreddits because dash is your favorite? I've never been anti-dash, in fact I hold a significant amount of dash. I've only ever said where I think PIVX improves upon it and that moderation in your sub sucks. And yes, I prefer PIVX and I will not try to hide it. I didn't mention it in this thread because I'm not here to promote it. I'm here for awareness of mod abuse and I will never be silent about that.
I know the PIVX team is open to helping polo when they do want to add PIVX, but it's an internal polo decision at the end of the day. They are struggling with volume on existing coins right now, so I don't expect it this month
Referral link, 6 day account with only history of linking to this site...
Instead of Golem, check out Gridcoin. It's already functional on Berkeley's BOINC system that has been running for years For a daily currency focused coin, check out PIVX. It's a POS fork of Dash, that is implementing Zerocoin and fully distributed governance. ETH seems overdue for a correction, i'm worried about my eth coins right now
PoC is creative as a low power alternative to PoW, but could someone let me know advantages over proof of stake? It seems like they already covered low power validation
It's the coin I most hope will succeed. I believe Dash improved on Bitcoin and PIVX improved upon Dash. They are implementing zerocoin as the default for transactions. Proof of stake allows easy staking rewards, lower inflation, no fee market, and fully distributed governance. They have just self-funded a support team, so people are standing by to help with troubleshooting and onboard new users. I've been in the community for a little while now and they have impressive devs. Just as important to me, they are holding on to the principals that I believe made crypto great like FOSS, privacy, and free speech. I respect and hold monero for being first to market with solid privacy and I hope PIVX is some healthy competition soon :) since competition ultimately benefits the users in the end
Support people are like intern level and easy and cheap. They don't need access to money and the can certainly press Verify buttons for people after reviewing documents. Contractor houses can have people to a company within a week. Tech issues? Sure, that's probably complicated. Support can scale very easily though I have no dog in this polo fight, I'm just saying people's expectations are not unrealistic and someday this market will be more mature so we'll have professional grade exchange experiences
There's like 3 posts about this on here already [didn't amanda tell you to stop shilling here](https://www.reddit.com/r/dashpay/comments/6haw08/forget_reaching_out_to_rbtc_users_focus_instead/)?
Don't worry, the keyspace is about 1,844,670,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
I understand the aversion to even tentative dates for a project like zero. It's first to market for a proof of stake coin and a big undertaking. They have provided an ETA for the wallets, which is a more predictable project. I haven't followed ETH as closely, but I hold some and I've been hearing about sharding and Raiden for upwards of a year. Now they are having capacity problems and Raiden was (I think) supposed to be out weeks or months ago. I think with software, especially in this market, there's no perfect way to do things. Also if you miss a date, you get blamed for false hype and people losing money if the price drops at any point.
The "gun grabber" shit is getting old. I'm pro-gun but nobody's ever talked about confiscating guns. Obama didn't do shit despite talking about it way more than sanders. When sanders was pressed in the primaries, he was roasted for being too weak on guns.
That just refers to the changes in wealth distribution, not any specific ways it happened.
I see this bullshit all over this sub. It's literally a content neutrality rule. There is literally no upside to removing it other than for the ISPs bottom line. You are arguing against your own interests. Internet freedom is content neutrality. Without it, your ISP can block reason.com or slow down all of your internet if you visit libertarian websites. It gives them effective control over what you can see and your ability to speak online. The neutrality rule does none of that. Is your world so black and white that you can't begin to consider if your philosophy actually applies to this situation?
USA tech is already distrusted by people who care about privacy and security because of our government and laws. In all likelyhood that will get even worse
In case anyone is unaware, ID protection is bullshit and just another place that collects your info that might be the source of a leak. The only way this stops is * Stop spreading your information everywhere. If radioshack wants to know your home address so you can buy batteries, they can kindly fuck off. 90% of the time someone asks for your email or whatever, you can decline, it's not awkward. 90% of the time you can't, you can give fake info. Give them Jenny's number 867-5309. Do you wonder why they give you a free sandwich for your info? They are monetizing your info for every last cent it's worth. Don't post info to social media if you don't need to. Don't install apps that require extra permissions. When you let an app harvest your contacts you're often selling out your friends and family's privacy too. * Hold companies responsible. If they were grossly negligible enough to let your shit get stolen before, they'll do it again. Especially if their business doesn't take a hit and insurance pays for it (like Sony). Security costs money for talent, resources, and training. If they will not see a financial penalty, they will continue to hold your data insecurely. * Support legislation for regulations and limits on data collection/storage and punitive measure for negligence. Most states don't even require you to be notified if your account on a website has been breached. * Promote privacy in culture. Don't be apathetic. If you don't care now, you'll care a lot more when a leak significantly impacts your life but things like that never go away. Once your data is out there, it's public. That's why point #1 is important
Is your computer's memory usage high when you run it? You could check with the #support or #development channels on slack
And the ISPs colluding so they divide up territory and never actually compete. This deliberate lack of competition was cited by the CEO as a reason why the largest merger in ISP history was "OK" But here we are without a free market or any of the protections competition brings. Net neutrality is needed to prevent all sorts of anti-consumer behavior and censorship.
Not really... But even if that were the case, are you saying we should steer into the crony capitalism? Go all out corrupt?
Jesus christ, awful video 1- "NN violations have never happened" Here's a quick short list of cases https://np.reddit.com/r/NeutralPolitics/comments/6cbckk/net_neutrality_john_oliver_vs_reasoncom_whos_right/dhtdwwi/ 2- "Data caps are valid" Data packets are not electricity. The cost of sending additional packets is negligible, certainly not enough for any extra dollar amount on your bill. 3- "NN gives power to the government and lobbyists" NN does not give the government any more power or control. It only prevents the ISPs from being able to control what you read or say online
Would that be your response if your family called to complain that your home's electric and water was shut off?
Nobody's happy with net neutrality and ISP monopolies, but NN should be kept until the market is fixed and competition restored. Removing NN right now is the worst of both worlds
I don't believe that's 100% true. There's overlap and middleground to be had. Even r/libertarian is split on net neutrality regulations Most people don't see the world so black and white, and would be for certain regulations like against dumping mercury in the water supply
You really bought into the lobbyists talking points hard on this one. Fast lanes are marketing bullshit. That will only be true in the sense that everything else will be slowed down or blocked. Exactly 0 sites will be faster than they were with NN. Censorship is them being selective about what traffic is slowed or blocked. They don't like reason.com, they block it. They don't like competing service HBO or the way John Oliver is pro-NN, they slow it down so it's no longer a competitive service. You visit Fox.com? Your internet is slower or goes down intermittently. You're in that latest political leak as supporting Bernie who supported NN? Guess who just got put on the GOP internet package?
Imagine being someone who actually faced religious discrimination somewhere like the middle east, then seeing how that term in america means the dominant religion complaining about having to provide health care and not having extra rights
Raspberry Pi is a tiny computer less than 10x10 centimeters https://www.raspberrypi.org/ and it has it's own version of linux streamlined for running on that hardware If you buy one (probably a kit with a memory card), it will come with the Raspbian OS preinstalled usually or you can download it online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFB81hFs-Bg
The coin value and storage costs are only somewhat connected and both determined by supply/demand. The coin value's change as it is adopted mostly depends on how much of the current price is based on hype and speculation. &gt;I imagine the price is calculated with regards to how many Terabytes in the SIA network are available. And that can't be that much, as SIA is only just starting, has almost no integration yet and is basically only a Token at this moment. There's way more hosting than renting. There's tons of storage, but only about 2% of the network's storage is utilized currently. That's why supply/demand is so out of whack
Marketing can be unethical. What were your thoughts on monero's fake announcement?
PIVX is the coin I think has the best foundation and philosophy, and the one I want most to succeed. They are doing a great job stepping out of Dash's shadow, which is the big hurdle on any code fork. They are implementing zerocoin as the default for transactions, so as to be one of the truly privacy focused coins. It will be as fast or faster than Dash, still focusing on point of sale level speeds. Dash (and now PIVX) are one of the few coins on the market with speeds that truly work for Point of Sale transactions, which is huge for real world adoption. As another development and great indicator of the community, the MNs have voted unanimously to give their voting rights to everyone. Proof of stake allows for a good way for this voting to happen. It also allows more for easy inflation resistance for holdings by staking, lower inflation by not having to incentivize expensive mining, decentralization by not giving China's manufacturing and subsidized electricity an advantage, and all around great ROI right now (average 15-18% annually for me). Their devs always underpromise and overdeliver. The community is great and the slack is actually fun. The excitement reminds me of bitcoin in 2013.
I hesitate to give investment advice, but I think the idea is worth researching either way. I put a few thousand in personally, for what that's worth. I think they have a lot of potential, but the market is very competitive. One of the places with good metrics to compare coins is here and I think it bodes well for pivx and sia https://www.coingecko.com/en?sort_by=developer_score
Yeah but sia has great fundamentals, so I'm long on it. I just think it's overhyped and there will be a better time to buy in Or maybe I'm wrong and I'll be drinking a hot cup of FOMO next year
Dropbox is incentivized to buy as little extra storage as they need. The better their utilization, generally the lower the price for the user. In that way it's opposite because higher demand/utilization for renters, the higher the market price for the storage on SIA
Political polling and scientific data is pretty apples and oranges
I almost got bumped from the flight because it was too hot for that much weight and they needed 12 people to volunteer. The first 2 people got vouchers and then when I got to the desk they said "meh, we're just going to go anyway" edit: did not die
Check out this link https://pivx.bitcoiner.me/am-i-forked/
Did you miss the update to your marching orders when amanda said it's not worth shilling Dash here because they tried to dangle public mod logs in front of /r/btc and we didn't take the bait because it shows a complete lack of understanding of the principal behind the transparency people want and it only came up because dashpay was outed as using the same abusive mod tactics as bitcoin and refusing modlogs in the first place, but you should know all that because you're one of those mods and shilled heavily in those threads. Also in that thread you said that people who like crypto other than dash are troublemakers and implied shadowbans were appropriate on that basis alone
No, they are using water which has 3 states
[Reminder that dashpay subreddit mods use the same tactics as Theymos and refused to add public mod logs.](https://www.reddit.com/r/dashpay/comments/6haw08/forget_reaching_out_to_rbtc_users_focus_instead/)
Hey basil, have you figured out why you shadowbanned me and then fully banned me several weeks ago?
haha someone woke up on the usual side of the bed
If these are different computers (or VMs) they will need to use their own blockchain data folders. If they are on the same machine and nothing weird has been done to the data folder location, they will use the same blockchain data folder. The blockchain data is only a local representation of the blockchain on the PIVX network, so you don't need to worry about multiple local copies being out of sync or anything like that
I don't think it's hardware, but rather a software/app interface that is compatible with existing tablet and card checkout devices (which is better imo) You can talk with kodaxx in the slack about it, he's there a lot and the PoC for that proposal
I prefer: &gt;Over the last 16 months, as I've debated this issue around the world, every single time somebody has said to me, "I don't really worry about invasions of privacy because I don't have anything to hide." I always say the same thing to them. I get out a pen, I write down my email address. I say, "Here's my email address. What I want you to do when you get home is email me the passwords to all of your email accounts, not just the nice, respectable work one in your name, but all of them, because I want to be able to just troll through what it is you're doing online, read what I want to read and publish whatever I find interesting. After all, if you're not a bad person, if you're doing nothing wrong, you should have nothing to hide." Not a single person has taken me up on that offer. Glenn Greenwald in Why privacy matters - TED Talk
but it's reasonable for the government to do without consent or reasonable cause?
I just outlined how it happens. We both know there are no news articles that say "NSA gets Joe Sixpack's password to ashley madison". If you don't understand how blackboxes and encryption work, that's a bit outside the scope of this discussion The other thing is, they don't need your password when they are already in the company's system or could get in if they wanted. And yet another thing, even I probably have your password. I have over 3 billion passwords that have been leaked online just by websites that stored your info carelessly. You better believe the NSA is scooping those up as well
For dragnet surveillance over the entire population? No, you should not accept that as reasonable
I tagged him and desertlynx in red and really never noticed how much it's just these few people shilling all over the place
It's interesting how you shadowban people from your sub if they aren't dash fanatics and call them shills, but then go on to shill your coin every day in other subs
Zerocoin coming to PIVX soon :)
It has been funded and is in progress. ETA is sometime soon
The proposal funding is public here http://178.254.23.111/~pub/DN/DN_masternode_payments_stats.html and the POS progress is from talking with the developer kodaxx in the slack
Says the trump supporter with a racist username, without a hint of irony
PIVX is built to be good for on-chain coffee money and every other kind of transaction. It stands for Private Instant Verified Transactions It has no fee market, fees are literally burned instead of awarded to miners. It has no PoW which has worries about centralized manufacturing/mining. It has very low fees and instant transactions, so it's perfect for buying your coffee. It's implementing zerocoin so it's actually private by default. It funds masternodes so the network stays decentralized and can scale easily. It's community designed, built, and focused so even if you haven't bought in it's a fun group to hang out with. It's a good break from the bitcoin civil war.
Link for people like me https://www.cryptocompare.com/
I'm getting about 11% annual ROI on staking
file contents: @echo off REM Administrative check from here: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4051883/batch-script-how-to-check-for-admin-rights REM Vaccination discovered by twitter.com/0xAmit/status/879778335286452224 REM Batch file created by Lawrence Abrams of BleepingComputer.com. @bleepincomputer @lawrenceabrams echo Administrative permissions required. Detecting permissions... echo. net session &gt;nul 2&gt;&amp;1 if %errorLevel% == 0 ( if exist C:\Windows\perfc ( echo Computer already vaccinated for NotPetya/Petya/Petna/SortaPetya. echo. ) else ( echo This is a NotPetya/Petya/Petna/SortaPetya Vaccination file. Do not remove as it protects you from being encrypted by Petya. &gt; C:\Windows\perfc echo This is a NotPetya/Petya/Petna/SortaPetya Vaccination file. Do not remove as it protects you from being encrypted by Petya. &gt; C:\Windows\perfc.dll echo This is a NotPetya/Petya/Petna/SortaPetya Vaccination file. Do not remove as it protects you from being encrypted by Petya. &gt; C:\Windows\perfc.dat attrib +R C:\Windows\perfc attrib +R C:\Windows\perfc.dll attrib +R C:\Windows\perfc.dat echo Computer vaccinated for current version of NotPetya/Petya/Petna/SortaPetya. echo. ) ) else ( echo Failure: You must run this batch file as Administrator. ) pause
"taxation is theft" may be part of your interpretation of libertarianism, but it's not written in some 10 commandments of the party or philosophy anywhere &gt; &gt;You can easily make more people "libertarian" if you change the definition of what a libertarian is, but you don't do anything to actually aid in increasing overall liberty. If anything, it would hurt liberty. Yes but on the other hand purity testing and bullshit like taxation being theft turns people away, which does have a negative real world effect in elections
A lot of people just reply from their inbox, which doesn't show other replies
