Just looks rusty, no?
Seriously? Where do you work a convent?
They look like people who are average Americans to me. Probably have jobs and such. Trash level not detected
That's a serious set of tits. Three thumbs up!
It's obviously rust and corrosion
Ewww
Damn that looks amazing
What's a R2? (R2D2)? And how old is this girl?
What this from Hustler magazine?
She's sounds a little lost. Trash level: low.
Ignorance level: **maximum.**
Á la Jurassic park
Too bad nowadays it probably has a pretty tame formula. Back when they started making it, it would have alcohol, chloroform and heroin. With a touch a aspirin.
Yes it's skin crawling gross, isn't it?
Haha well I don't know about there but Hamilton has a disproportionate amount of white trash scum bags to normal people. Kinda, really sucks.
I agree. I know it must be difficult going to your life is a man when mentally and emotionally inside you are a woman. But it's becoming easier in society now to become the person you think you are inside and also physically change your appearance to match what you were feeling mentally. I'm not saying it's as easy as going to the doctor and getting a mole removed, but this individual in the picture based on what I know about him definitely deserves the courage award. It takes so much courage to overcome what he has and accomplish everything he has done after losing two limbs. My apologies for any spelling mistakes I am using voice to text.
Oh I agree with you 100%. And I'm sure it does happen other places with the exception of countries that allow you to just buy the toy by itself. When I was 10 years old I would buy small bags of chips to get a sticker with a picture of my favorite wrestlers on it (Jake the snake, Andre the giant etc). And there came a point when I was throwing the chips in the garbage and just keeping the stickers.
Dude. You've got a booger in your nose.
The ripped up shred of paper for a price tag looks like something an idiot would make.
I wish I had some of that stuff. Wouldn't make my vegetarian girlfriend happy. I have an alligator head at home. Small one. I like the one you have standing up. Where did you get the elephant foot? I was guessing rhino btw.
Especially since they're all the same price you just gotta pick a blonde, brunette, big tits or ass. And youre good to go.
Are you talking about a specific movie? Hope so. Shia lebeouf is such a shitty actor. Wickwicky. Fuck he's terrible.
My ex-wife had to go through the same thing at your daughters age. I know how stressed out and afraid you must be but everything will go fine. This day and age with the medical technology and practices it we have you have nothing to worry about
Both of them being close to the same age if not the same age exactly makes it less infuriating. But I'd be very mad still.
So hot
You sure she's alive?
They look like they do not give a shit and that they wish he hadn't really done that. What a lame move.
Is that Zach Braff?
Wart!!
A filthy carpet?
Acne. Go to a doctor&gt;dermatologist and they can help hopefully.
Props for posting a brave photo btw
Ouch. Near your pussy?
That's all you need sometimes. Good luck with it all
Is this real at all? I've never seen the photo
They're both female. Just jumping on the other. Hardly a WTF moment. Lame!
Really? Wow. I never knew any while I was single. Would have liked to find out
I hear ya. Must have gotten to you and slowly felt like "you" we're hurting them, am i right? I'd last there a short while only.
Gross. Never!!
Awesome. Nice find.
Bad shop job
I find this very hot.
Should have just showed 3 pics from different angles on your arm to get a perspective of it. It's cool though.
Is that his skin or the "peel"?
Thanks for clearing that up. Is it his skin or the "peel"?
My girlfriend has at least one as well. Doesn't seem to go away. It's been there a few months at least. I'm convinced that it's a "pimple" or something similar. And if it was squeezed old keratin would come out. Like a blackhead etc
Do you have keratosis pilaris? I do and I have to squeeze the clogged hair follicles to get rid of the gross bumps they make on my arms and other areas. I hate it. Tanning is the only way that gets rid of them. Not sure why. If I go to a tanning bed a couple times a week for say 5 mins on medium strength it fixes me up.
I don't doubt that they might be uneducated and annoying but the idea of what's really trashy is being pushed a little to far. I mean a pregnant chick smoking is one thing but fat people with balloons and a few shitty tattoos isnt really the worst thing ever
How do you find the really good artists like you have here?
Text this big is kinda....too big. It looks good technically but it's just too large.
Sucks
She's very good. Super popular. This is on her Instagram
It's really cool
Probably unluckiest. That shitbox could have at least got a few hundred for its insurance claim. Now he's stuck with it still.
That was awesome! Ahahahahahaha
These two shouldn't be allowed to text. Their thumbs must be the size of carrots
Why the fuck do people add strangers to Facebook and then have these arguments with them? Why not just delete them instead of a three page argument or better yet don't add people you have zero interest in
Jeremy Wade was hunting for some really massive suckers on his show, when he was going after Alligator gar.
The difference between a dedicated rock musician, and a spoiled rapper who storms off stage when a fan says something offensive to him.
I'm so jealous. That's an amazing haul! Where do you live to get such great berries already?
He looks like a huge douche bag. My condolences OP. I have an idiot step brother also. Luckily I never have to see him. He's a stoner idiot too. Got arrested for having a grow-op in his rental house few years back. He's a total idiot so I feel your pain. http://imgur.com/b6wynTp http://imgur.com/RjSAlry
How many lengths of vagina lips does that tattoo have? I'm counting 3 flaps long.
I've been to jail for a short period a few years ago. I'm a recovering addict so it was inevitable. Anyway I would have never ever let me kids come see me that way. That being said it's a baby in this photo. So it wouldn't know what's going on per se.
It just looks like a black and grey blob with a scary face. Kind of sucks
Weak
Beautiful! I love the colour tech.
Germs. And poo on the handle.
Why's it green?
So no video or after pics?
Damn. Those are huge blackheads. I've never had one that big. Sadly I have almost perfect skin.
Why am I down voted? I know the guy
How do get so close to some one chasing the dragon with him seeing you?
He's not free basing. He chasing the dragon
Idiot
Holy crap. A blue whale?
Looks like a smiling crab- monster. Way to traumatize children.
I hope your last name is Rhodes.
He is a quote from one of the UK men that hired Louise Hunter for a "party". Make sure you're not eating as you read. "When I arrived I found the living room covered in plastic sheeting, and the two girls in the living room chatting and the rest of the guys drinking and chatting. Having got changed into my latex the party got underway, with both girls pissing on each other, and inviting us chaps to piss on them. French kissing Kira, covered in piss was a memory I'll keep for a while, as was licking piss off her amazing tits, all the while being encouraged to do more. I rimmed Kira's ass hole deeply while she rimmed another chap preparing to shit, she tasted great, with other peoples piss running down her back too. Once the shitting began, both girls were keen to stuff their faces, covering each other, sharing shit from numerous guys and asking for more! I had time constraints meaning I had to leave before emptying my arse, but really regret not doing so- these girls are the real deal! Looking forward to the next one."
What a rats nest.
Thanks. And yes it makes sense what you've said.
I first thought the guy on the ground was crawling under the guy taking a crap. I was like "these two into scat?" Until I saw he was passed out on his stomach.
Looks like they did a good job with that old Asian man though.
Obviously it is Photoshopped. It's a real kids toy but what would be the use for having a mouth like that?
Looking at the artwork on her wall, it's safe to say that she's definitely crazy. .....I'd still bang her.....
Then you have a boring life.
Ahhh sure. Why not.
Momentarily confused boner
I'm in Canada and that's also true here. It's fucking bullshit. No wonder so many dads that can afford support don't give it and would rather just buy the kids clothes and pay for hockey and camps etc
How?!? Show the foot before and after please
His breath is growing moss.
Somehow I doubt that very much
🎤call HG Wentworth. 877-CASH-NOW!🎶
not on video and then sell it
Sorry should have mentioned I recently went through the EXACT situation with my GF and her family etc
That's funny I did a project on the whales when I was in grade 3. And now I'm a marine biologist. .....actually I have no job :(
Because you're low class. Only reason I can think of.
Why does the skinny older guy go for it? When bald beefy man just stands there?
Honestly, I've seen this before. And without a doubt I'm 110% sure it's probably, most likely a velociraptor.
I think he found his cat. Btw tell him to mow his lawn more than once a year.
No pic of yard? Downvote! DOWNVOOOOTE!
Oh god that gross. Where on your body is that? Can you video it being squeezed?
I don't know how to get/check for mine. My tonsils are not very visible.
Chat agent? Wtf
Noo lol. Is u? Her caption....?
That suit is awesome. I'm wanting to get the right drawing of that diving suit for my next tattoo. If anyone can help....btw
He is banned for 7 days now! What gives? What did he do?
Oh did it? That's good. Yes could be the ones I take are different. I'm sure that they can't all be 100% the same I suppose.
Now that confusing!
Why would it? That's the most normal thing to want.
Wow she could be rich!
Yep. Definitely him. Source: fucked up human and monkey doll common bait van.
Oh I know. You're talking to a former punk rock boy. Oi!
Start at her balls and work your way up.
I have literally never smelled that bad in my life. And I'm a heroin addict in recovery who has at certain points in my life not washed for a couple days.
I gotta say...I am impressed. Biggest one I've ever seen. I'm a recovering heroin addict. So I've been seriously constipated in my life. And I've never EVER dropped a brown trout that big. 🙏🏻
Sorry if i missed it somewhere but have you decided what it was? Blackhead? Splinter? Alien implant?
Pore of winer? What's that?
As gross and painful as that sounds I'd like to have seen it.
good for you. That's usually not what gets people to quit. Not by a long shot. It often has to be jail, family stop speaking to them or overdosing multiple times. Even then that's not always enough. I've been using on and off literally my whole life starting at 13 and what finally did it for me was being thrown out of my house by my girlfriend and being on the streets for a week with no money, clothes etc. now she's being very very supportive and is proud of the progress Ive made since that relapse and its all been for the greater good.
This looks very good
Gin blossoms? Come oooooon
Yep. Pretty much what I thought they would.
Told her it said "tuna" wrote it upside down
She's very beautiful.
The "black" of his butthole? Whaaaaa?
Never seen one.
Looking for the name of this. Can't ever find it online. Looks like a dream
Says "porn queen" under the logo. Nice touch
This is the most cringeworthy selfish and stupid thing when people do this. There was one a girl posing giving some poor guy a bottle of water. Was just as bad.
Yep
I love how he wipes the gayness off his butt at the end.
I wish I was that thin
Googled it. Mostly pictures of memes saying not to google it with a few diseased vaginas. Gross but not what I thought.
Men are not allowed to form opinions anymore. Please take notice. That is all.
That's a wary virus though. Not a Groot virus.
I love how you guys describe this shit like you were ACTUALLY climbing the mountains somewhere. Or like you actually have gone outside in the last 6 months. I play games too. I have 2 GTX 970s but Jesus....I think you go a little too deep into this stuff.
Had the exact one from the gap 2 years ago. Wasn't too sure about it.
Was about to comment on the same thing. Darn it.
Your wife is quite the cutie. You better shape up or ship out you drunken hooligan!!
Fucking alcoholic. Guaranteed he lost his license and had to watch the kids for the afternoon. So he decides to shoot over to the LCBO before anyone notices. I hate that shit.
Oh man. Big Ang? I'd rather drag my nuts over broken glass.
She's hot. Bottom line.
Basically like I explained. There is a company that has a video of how they do it on their website. They are located in or near Milton, Ontario if you wanted to look it up.
Yep. That'll do it.
You foolish spice grinder
You mean you haven't called the police and done it yet? What's wrong with you? You could still get your stuff back.
When did it start being OK and social acceptable to use meth?
Jesus!!! I thought it was a duck with no beak!!
You look like a huge douche bag. Put a fucking shirt on. Not that it will help much.
You look like you hang out at middle schools Looking for dates.
Your douche bag level is off the charts. Seriously knock that "look" off. Those sunglasses are for WWE wrestlers.
The clothes. The face pubes. The fact that the best photo you can take has you next to a toilet like it's your best friend. Anything else?
Bi-curious you mean?
So you know you're good looking you just come her to validate yourself? That's fucking sad and makes you undatable
I hate that face. Makes me wanna smack him for some reason....
Why does everyone just speculate what camera and lens OP used. And what program he used to edit it post? Just let the guy freakin answer. Everyone know-it-all that answered has been wrong.
Oh man OP. You're not feeling well are you?
I could have sworn you were going to mention your English PHD, m'friend.
I love it. Something retro and super cool about it.
I'm on methadone and this happens to me. Not that bad of course. But it still happens. I was told it causes water retention but now I see that is what is happening, correct?
Toronto or Halton PS?
Skillet?? I thought it was supposed to say "Skrillex" but got spelled wrong.
What's the deal with that flag? I'm Canadian and haven't bothered to look in to it. All I know is that it's usually in the back window of shitty pickup trucks when ever I see it. It's from the civil war I know that much. Was it used on the side that was ok with slavery?
Glad to hear that you are clean. Keep it up. One day at a time is solid advice. And always kick yourself forward, not down my friend. I didn't have this water retention when I wasn't on methadone. I've read many places that it does cause that. Plus first hand I can say the weight gain is horrible. 60 lbs plus once I hit 80-85 mg! But ya my ankles do that same thing when I have socks on all day or so.
That's not semen...
Lemme guess. Water colour tattoos are trendy. Sloths are in 1/4 of the photos on the internet right now, so trendy also. And you decided you would be oh so on the bleeding edge of you combined both? You're a friggin' douche bag for that move, man. What a stupid idea. Why not get the words "Harlem Shake" tattooed on your chest. Will be just as relevant in 5 minutes from now.
You're leaving it this way? Man it's looks bad now. I'd fix it
Ya or batman or some Pokemon shit
Don't you have to be a member there to see pictures, OP?
Her face has expired.
Oh man. Sloppy cunt Joyce.
Jesus. I thought it was your bed with a meat coloured bed spread when I first clicked on it.
Well duh! Taste it, OP.
You're killing our trashy boners. Please stop!!
What?
I now pronounce you moustache and moustache. You may now moustache the moustache.
That's a really sweet message.
My uncle's. ~~chop~~ shop at closing time.
It is. Made me feel good that someone else became so happy about what happened in your country today.
Not very exciting.
Fixed it for ya..... "Can confirm, ~~/r/trashy~~ any guy will fuck anything that isn't fat."
These are getting harder and harder to understand in the slightest. But I agree it sounds trashy. Pussy ass faggot booty pampers momma bihh bitch ass dog.
Looks like maybe it is...
What!!?
You're a dude I'm assume?
Not to mention it's not a happy thing to be an addict. No one wakes up and thanks god that their an alcoholic or heroin addict ever morning. Being an addict is a very sad lonely place and sadly the only way to cope with that for most is to keep getting high or blackout drunk
Where's her child?
The words "badass" and "cosplay" don't belong together. Here I'll fix it. "Gayass cosplay". Fits with any photo.
Gonna go check if they are still super glued to that bar. To . ~~fuck them both~~. see if they're OK.
Keep going. Get all the dead skin off and you might get lucky.
It's a mole. Most pups have one or two
OP, I'm just going to go for it and ask you. Are you fucking stupid?
Never heard that one before. Wish I still hadn't.
Aren't there usual 80 people just hanging OFF the cars not to mention its jam packed inside? Why did one woman just hop off when it's stopped?
What a smug face he has. Dirty bastard.
Huh?
What were you doing in the sketchy neighbourhood to begin with OP? Buying drugs?! SELLING DRUGS?!
Yes....and?
The other guys. Will Farrell movie
I'll be honest. I edited the photo to see her butthole.
You five years ago. Means you're huge now.
I'm surprised reddit hasn't blow this up with upvotes because of the friggin Subaru
That's a serious load. I'll upvote.
Get on your computer and hack into Hackerman!! Stop waiting!!!!
Even from here, I can see they're not brand new. You got ripped off for $82 of some old sneakers. Even if they WERE new...not a great deal/price.
Ahh too bad. I'd like something interesting like that. I have a couple things like this; turtle shell And alligator skull/head.
The change room must have been full. Not really fair to ask the strippers to use the public ladies room.
Well he's got to be the trailer park weed dealer.
Who's this clown
Very nice. So bright and lively. 👍🏻
I guess you didn't even read what I said. If a woman doesn't need any money, says he makes $120,000 a year. And her ex makes $30,000. Why the fuck does she need to demand support when the guy is struggling to even pay rent and gas?
In Canada it's a big deal for a cop to draw their gun. It's obviously only when they may possibly have to kill someone. That's the only reason they would ever fire a gun. Police are trained to shoot at the largest mass area of a human body. No shooting people in the leg or the knife out of their hand like in the movies. So ya, if they see a drunk guy being a bastard they don't draw their gun for the hell of it.
Do people still wear kilts?
Ya your kinda right....what's next, a suit of armour for "traditional reasons"?
What edit? Some lines over a word? Looks like a 2 year old did it.
Those red PSU cables are sold out everywhere. Can't get them where are i am. Note: no need to link to a PC store in Norway that has them, by assuming I live where you do.
Only with the full "pro" paid version of the program I use.
Not wishful thinking. Don't remember loving that movie. Just reminded me of it.
"The game". Cringe right there.
More cringy that some tool would bother mentioning the joke was somewhere else first. Who cares.
Now i have to go look it up
At least you learn when and when not to try to for those affections. You should have a better understanding of when it truly is a possibility. And when it's just a ridiculous, impossible situation that you have no chance of anything except losing your pride. The worst time it happened to me ( and ONLY time) was when I was working with a pretty girl. I had her phone number for work reasons. We all had each other's. So I called her, no answer, but I left a message asking if she wanted to "grab a pint". Looking back it was a lame message I think. I never heard back from her but as soon as I saw her at work I could tell the excuse she was giving me was pre-rehearsed. It was a very uncomfortable 5-6 seconds while I just waved it off as no big deal; don't worry about it sort of thing. I never did such a thing again.
Fucking Morpheus is always complaining about something.
I'm waiting for someone to upload a porno money shot for the "love all over my face" joke.
My wife and I were talking about it and we don't follow American elections too closely. But there was always the possible thought that he could win and be your next president. Slim chance is a chance right.
You look amazing. Good job. Be proud of yourself!!
Is this a SSD? M.2?
For real or are you just being foolish?
She said you acted like a girl. That's not a success. News flash OP, straight women are into guys.
Looks like an AIDS patient
Please tell us you bought it. On eBay they go for $1 maybe $2 million.
This is the post? Someone accidentally posts a question on the wrong Facebook page? Where's the interest or even irony here?
Makeshift hat? Technically a leaf can be a makeshift hat.
I'm missing something I guess. Sorry.
She doesn't do anal. She's boring in my book.
My girlfriend's gonna kill me!
Guess I was poor.
It's got those "secret questions" in the installer like "set your default....to..." And most people just click "next" or even "yes" during an install so...it installs whatever. uTorrent has about 3 different bullshit programs along with it. Pays for the free program I guess.
I just started using Windows 10 and I thought "Edge" was IE so I tried browsing online with it and all sorts of pop ups and bullshit started bombarding me more than ever before. Even installed some browsers and other "fix my PC" stuff. Terrible. I had no idea how bad that was.
What a bitch!!
Same here, bro. It's amazing. I feel like it could use one more character though....
Looks tasty.
How could someone sell something for almost the full price mind you, that's covered in dirt?
No worries! Quite the disgusting display though
Nope. I figured it was part of a restaurant sign or something
No mystery. It's a photoshopped butthole.
I had one of these
I'd give her a call.
Bullshit OP. You could look a promo at anytime for any website and if it's not something the already advertise on that site then it doesn't work. Saved you thousands. More like thousands of karma points.
There's a trial going on right now in my home province of Ontario (the city of Toronto) regarding a youth who waved a knife around in an empty streetcar and ended up getting shot to death by police. The police constable is charged with murder. After reading about him personally in the newspaper, he sounds like a overdriven macho bully. Who was just waiting to shoot someone. That scares me a lot. Some police officers SHOULD NOT be police officers. But they don't get figured out until it's too late usually. Sadly they give some great, noble policemen a bad reputation.
Jesus Christ. Please say you said "no"
I don't know why this happened to me for the first time in my life last year from the stuff I was getting from my "usual" guy. It had to be the stuff in particular because it didn't happen again with different stuff. Really hated it though. Anyone here from Hamilton ontario? How would I go about finding someone in my area?
Bullshit! You're just saying this because you're an abusive asshole, who's looks will soon fade while my intelligence and intellect will dominate my new playground; "the Internet". You dare come here, to my domain, "Chad"?
Jesus Christ. These fucking cat photos. Reddit should just nuke this sub from orbit. Only way to sure.
Seriously? This title? Jesus christ on ice skates. Grow a pair of balls.
Canadian themed? Maple leaf? I love new balance. It's all I'm comfortable in. Where did you get these beauties?
As someone who doesn't have a good relationship with my parents also (barely speak to one, not at all to the other) I know how good little wins like this can feel. Enjoy. Take little steps of need be and you'll get there with her.
Not that realistic. They're not all staring down at their cell phones as they cross.
The point was it was the same thing that happened in the original. Same thing happened.
Damn I've been through that drunken hell more than once. I always secretly was pissed off at those "friends". And then you have the friend who's mother sets you up with a spare bed and nice fresh smelling blankets and sheets. Better than at home!
You're moving up in the world now! Please take me with you :)
If that's Gord Downy then I take issue with your statement.
What's flair?
By doing......?
Is it dead?
Why is he so dishevelled? Is he also keep jars of urine and shit under his bed?
I want to see him dressed as count Chocula
Me either. I mean it's not the worst thing I've seen. But I'm moving to Russia.
TIL your friend is a liar.
Agreed
"Package of 1cc insulin syringes please. The short ones".
Tank silencer.
I hear you. I'm lucky to have a place now.
He should have one the Oscar for this movie.
He's probably cheated on her. At least once. And been caught obviously. I'd never go through life that way. That's why cheating wrecks a relationship in a number of ways if the people stay together. Either she never trust him again and goes nuts herself. Or she never trusts him again and does things like this and drives him nuts. Either way one person will hit the breaking point and it will end.
So he must be a rich asshole if he can claim to afford one. But a bigger douche to lie about. Christ, why not just tell the truth about whatever Ferrari you actually own?
Seriously? I don't even know how to pay for porn. I goggle some dirty crap that pops into my head with "pornhub" after it and it comes up on my screen.
Where's his "scumbag ballcap"? The brown one.
"...he's the president of your anime club". Christ lol.
/r/cringepics
Looks like the restaurant from "Saved by the Bell".
A train
That's not how you pronounce that name. Ash-lee. Not A-sleigh. Even in Connery's voice it doesn't sound like that. You're a tool, OP.
If it didn't have that North Face badge, you wouldn't go within a mile of that thing.
Wow what a stupid thing to do regarding really anything at all.
That thing is awesome.
It's not a "fair" question! Despite what porn makes you think, an ass isn't just "vagina #2". Women don't just switch the two depending on convenience.
Lol lets hang out....lol really some time....lol Lol
I need an explanation for this.
Ohhh ok. Cool
200 bucks. Kinda steep
Fuck they are really hardcore. Asking for French Vanilla coffee creamer. Really used to roughing it.
Oh really. Well congrats then!
I thought it was "Oogie Boogie" from the nightmare before Christmas on the top
What's the job?
Organic too
God I thought I was looking at a giant tumor next to a baby for three minutes
That's disturbing. And disgusting.
Belladonna is the biggest whore out of all that are in that photo. 👍🏼
That truck isn't some old POS winter beater. Not sure if they're rednecks.
Shouldn't you out be getting laid or at least talking to girls? It's university man!
I gotta say Brad, you look insane.
That looks perfect.
Thank you for that.
I came here to say the same thing. They are brand new. Air gap. This guy is right 100%
What?
Are you sure this isn't the "Golden Globes"?
Anyone know where I could get those red top keycaps?
I don't frequent this sub so I'm not sure about this post. So it's a joke to think this guy doesn't take steroids or some other illegal supplements?
Have some Laffs...
I think you're going to hell for just owning whatever fucking book you just posted an exert from.
I wouldn't say this is trashy. If he said he refused to go to the dentist ever, well, that's one thing. If I managed to save $300 by doing that myself I'd be proud too.
My father owns those plates still. I think they're so ugly. But everyone owns a set.
Uhhgg that's lame. What is the cat tax?
He's now called Subcomandante Insurgente Galeano
My dick dun resurrected wit dat fat ass
My first though too. Why is there a bag of shit hanging from the ceiling.
Ya, I'm really going to believe that this dog has his gun license. This must be photoshopped.
Using "grindin'" in place of "working" is the trashiest of terms. Poor LaMarkus Jabroni Dillweed.
What an idiot.
Both parents white. Spanish looking kid. Someone's got some explaining to do.
Is creampie a new(ish) term? I didn't hear it in porn until the last few years. Never in my younger years.
They ruined this movie already by having Will Smith star. He's got, like, two acting modes. The emotional, hold back tears as he slowly jerks his around mode. And fresh prince mode.
It kills me how Will and Jada Smith have more than 99% of people in the whole world. Anything they could possible want. Any luxury that happens to pop in their head is theirs at a moments notice. But are still so entitled that they can whine and complain because no excellent movies featuring a black leading actor were made in time for this years Oscars, so no black actor is nominated. Somehow they personal feel marginalized for being black. I fucking hate crybabies like them.
How old are you?
Ass to ass?
Jesus... this one of worst situations I've seen on this sub so far.
That was pretty obvious. Not sure why someone else was confused.
Lol well I know you felt different but it's kinda that. What year did you buy it? I'm sure that factored in to the excitement
Will I ever have a girl this beautiful again? Nah doubt it
Hello my friend. Try to extinguish with cloth or water. Thank you please.
Well she's right. And not quite a burn when it's clearly not true
I love how these ghetto morons can't really define making it. But yet a part time job at Best Buy qualifies.
No way it's not a joke ad.
Sounds like a movie on pornhub. "Teen Night 2: Backdoor Entrance"
And saying "coal burner" is ok?
r/trashy
It's not real, hombre
Nice shelf system.
She looks awful.
Dude on the right looks just like his CGI counterpart
This is a guy. Label your titles asshole
I'm so sick of these " This is ..... Be like..." pics. Calm the fuck down with those everyone. On this sub alone I've seen 3 in a row with the same message but a different "name".
I always assume these people who post cash that really usually adds up to about $300 or so, must be really poor and just have gotten their welfare check.
Is your wife Mexican? If not, Juan just pulled in when you left for work. When she says she's found Jesus, check the pronunciation. Eh? Eh?
I don't think I've ever seen a post with over 9000 upvotes before.
Christ, at least say it was a gift. Or try the crazy approach of admitting you stole them.
I freaking love these neckbeard photos. Makes my day. But I can't help but think it's made as a joke, 100%, by some troll.
I agree. The think that rich people somehow are allowed to be rude and jerks to the people working in customer service or retail. When in fact people are well off know they don't need to act that way. There's really no need.
I love it.
Lick my Eastwood.
He actually took the time to fold some of his clothes and place them in front of his "pillow" to take the photo. What a tool.
Ahhh sadly I think this is fake.
Uh is one pony shitting into another pony's vagina? Or is lack of resolution on the picture misleading me?
Has your cousin sucked a lot of dick, and ripped a few guys off? Sounds like the Facebook for people that live in my small city.
This has been making the rounds on Reddit for literally years.
Not trashy. Just some 13 year old kid messing around. The stuff that shocks and some people find trashy makes me think they've had quite the sheltered life, insulated from the real world.
Maybe.
I'm glad you told me it's another persons face added on. Less creepy now
How do you know?
Ya I'm sure guys are just dying to line and buy tickets for this feminists shitty festival anyway.
What?
How is that brilliant marketing? It's only interesting to the nerds that have the "Green Lantern " poster memorized.
That's a horrible thing to do Hannah.
Yer gay, mate
Indie guitar
This gif is painfully slow
Fuck that didn't come out right. It was supposed to be Their hormones are going crazy or something
Not your making a mockery of the whole thing.
👌🏻
I'm using an app on my phone. Sometimes just randomly I cannot edit.
Piece of shirt http://imgur.com/yn9hUvE
He could screw her in the ass a few times here and there in between the 36 hours. Right? That makes sense.
It's not that unreasonable of a request really. A teenage girl need a a date to the prom because there's no one she likes at school. No Big deal.
Why does it look like her hair has fake extensions just taped to the back of her head?
I wouldn't buy a single thing for the sci-fi section, that's for sure.
You completely contradict yourself. What does anyone care if I say I don't like something.
Ya, and they're idiots for doing it.
The gfx look really good. I thought it was photo at first. On my phone granted but still.
"Then just hop in partner!"
How quiet does it make the rifle? I mean would it scare off a rabbit that was say, 10 feet away?
Pffft "dominated". There's still 2 slimers in there.
So why is everyone walking on the road? THAT'S how confused they are?
Thank you
Oh it is. It's treading on very dangerous ground.
Looks like a scene from one of the newer Resident Evil flicks.
She doesn't even have the shirt straight and properly visible. Just her giant head. Some people are so transparently narcissistic it's laughable. Fuck Debra Messing.
That sucks....they're really ugly. And on the Internet now. That sucks....
Can I get a source for that picture being used in the post? I'm a sick fucking sex pervert.
They claim that this sub is hateful and immature, their words. So I guess simply commenting here, no matter what it could be, even a reply slamming this subreddit will still get you banned. Sounds immature to me. Personally, not that it matters either way, I don't want to participate in a subreddit like that anyway. I'd probably get banned after my first post there, If banning me for commenting here is any indication.
Just to ruin more of the car. You'd probably need new rims if you care how nice they look.
These days with the Internet, with everything including tattoos, being critiqued and shamed so widespread, it blows my mind that they're people that would still be SO fucking stupid and try to pull this off.
Sweater meat? There's a new one I wish I'd never heard.
Jesus. Ya it's incredibly creepy.
That's actually very interesting. I find it amazing but it's nothing I'd bring up in a group if the conversation started to get stale.
Oh man. I should be mad at you, but.....thanks.
I'm not American.
These ones kill me. "Ain't looking for a booty call!" Photo is her naked with a lava lamp shoved up her anus.
Sounds messy. I'm out.
This is confusing
Have another drink, then sleep it off, man.
Flower pronouns? Can anyone explain this nonsense?
What a stupid bitch.
Whoa this chick looks 12. I'm out
So old people still bone in their 80's? Whoa. I never knew that. I'm 40 and we haven't done it in months. My life sucks.
I was going to scream "BULLSHIIIIT" until I saw I'm in r\thathappened
No. It doesn't seem like it. I don't know. I think it's due to things being stressful and he being self conscious about putting on a few pounds. Still, I feel like we are roommates
Oh god. BARF!!
New splinter cell
Ah gotcha
This was a joke
You're right. Most girls on there are average OR a bit bigger.
"Congratulations, it's a baby"
I dunno. But not skinny like a 12 year old
This is lame. And the water mark for the lame "guf" is worse.
OP's 11 years old.
Where do you work, OP? If you don't want to name the place, what industry, field etc?
Is there any clue of when they'll tell us details? Like what the hell it even is? Lol
Jeeeez what are you, six years old?
It's "Brick" from Anchor Man. "I like lamp."
Without the bag it would be better IMO
Ahhh you mean a wobbly woo, eh mate? A real kicka banga.
I can't find a link to this story. Do you have one?
No it's not. If they use strictly the torch they're not glassblowers
What's that things on the right side? Gives you your change after a purchase.?
If you can prove it that what paid for the property then that's how it works.
Are you 11?
Christ I got a thump in my throat. If you believe what you see on Reddit, more and more of this bullshit is becoming "acceptable".
Holy fuck man.
Fuck this guy is an unfunny moron.
I guess you haven't caught on that we not only rule the fucking universe when it comes to hockey. We also breed the best fucking hockey players like an alien race creating a new life for the rest of the planet. Fucking right, eh, bud.
No one tried to kill someone. They also don't sell heroin in place of cocaine on purpose. It's twice the price.
It's still a really nice looking ass. I've been staring at it.
Why would you even come to that conclusion? You sound like you have had a very insulated life.
I've adapted to the ghetto language here pretty well, but this one has me stumped.
Neither of my 8 kids has been to jail. Bless. Like for freedom. Ignore for jail in the future.
Whoa she looks so much different here. I mean, she's still ugly, but much different. Crazy.
No way. This was real.
A knife sharpener. They still come around in my old Toronto neighbourhood
I never said it was. But what I'm referring to is mass shooting with assault rifles. Not drug deals gone bad. And domestic bullshit that cause shootings like you're talking about. That happens EVERYWHERE.
Oh man. It wasn't an old guy with short, white hair, was it? My former father in law would do shit like this, thinking he was ahead of the game, and pulling the wool over the eyes of big business.
Whoa. You weren't kidsing
If it's a shit place to shop it's usually a shit place to work. So makes sense
Holy fuck
She was killed so she was being used or could have been used as a key witness. Once she was killed the charges were dropped.
It means it's running a PC that has the same specs as an Xbox. How hard is that to interpret?
"Taaakke on meeee, taaake meee ooonnn"
Holy fuck, man.
I love this one. Very northern and Canadianesque
"Studies"? Is that right...?
Why do you group project what your thinking on to others? Why would it hurt my feeling because I think he's wrong?
A messy bedroom?
You're annoying as fuck.
Fuck sakes. At least hers is under her hair when she grows it long. He's screwed and will have to always explain that he never had an ex boyfriend named "Clyde".
You'd be so edgy AND an intellectual because politics!
Not Africa? Where it's done with shitty unsterile tools on a dirt floor without anesthetic and god knows what else.
"Abusive" to a redditor would be only 2 whole rooms in the house were devoted to cat toys and climbing structures. He HAD to be rescued.
I've only been using this website for a year or so, but I've noticed now, after so many crazy "news worthy" world events, including the USA elections, that Reddit is extremely biased. The impression I had of this site when I first started using it was that it was just "for the users" and really run and generated by users. I can see now it's not at all like that. It's really, really a shitty feeling to see how biased and unfairly treated certain groups of people are that hold different interests than who is running this website.
That's funny.
Holy fuck. Soaked with so much diarrhea it's worn a brown hole in his pants crotch so his filthy dick hangs out like a cold, limp sardine. Fucking top shelf post! Nice, OP.
Timber and heroin.
Heck yes
What's the name of the "shop"?
Really? I'm not looking again so I'll believe you.
Please elaborate
Why?
Yeah nice try
I used to get those when I was a kid and it would burn them off with liquid nitrogen. My son had one a few years back and it went away from repeatedly wrapping duct tape around it. I know that sounds crazy but Google that remedy. I wouldn't of believed it but it actually worked.
It's bad.
He looks like a right piece of shit. What's that written on his head?
His note? From where? It looks like it was made with an iPhone app.
"Kiss my ........ Ass"? Any guesses?
I wish I had a nice home like you
This has been shown before as fake many times.
Turns around...call of duty shirt
This is such an old photo. Why the fuck would you say it's his dead sister he's "crying" about? It has to be at least 5 years old. And I'm pretty sure it's some lame teenage breakup shit. Where you got his dead sister from is beyond me.
That looks like sweet relieve my friend. I've suffered from ingrown toenail's on my big toe my whole life. I had to have surgery on one when I was about 11 and it was awful
Spot on description
That looks like SUCH relief.
Wow. She hasn't lost a pound.
You're using the peanut butter again I see.
That's really sad underneath it all.
Time for Robocop
Unless you're in the Success building on 42nd street and Main. The elevator works fine there. Hah!
Put it in your burger. Yum!
I always wonder why people post their pictures with the skinnier ones leading to the fatter ones. This post looks like you are saying you gained 100 lbs.
PlayStation users are white supremacists.
I meant a right. Not just "right"
You know, they put a stencil with regular ink down first and tattoo over that. So her spelling is just as shitty as the person who did this if she let that go.
Sadly I can say this is completely accurate.
Cool. I never knew that. So thanks for the insight into a whole other subculture. If you would kindly fuck off now, and never mention that creepy and weirdo shit you just told everyone in this thread ever again, I think everyone, and definitely you, would be much better off in the future.
Big deal. A spider? On an item stored in a back room? And it was still there after it left the store room?! What kind of world is this!!?!
What a bitch. She doesn't have to date the guy. Ever hear of minding your own business.
Do you get free T virus samples?
This has to be a troll account. Every black person knows what an AK-47 looks like. Source: I am racist.
Jesus. I'm from Toronto and I hadn't heard. I was surprised when I was it was a TO star article you linked.
Fuck. I bet he makes $400,000 a year for his stupid YouTube bullshit.
Those shoes though....nah
I didn't find the graphics particularly good at all.
M'jestic.
