Sorry I'm late getting back to this, but I haven't heard of anything to indicate that Avengers is in the Buffyverse.
I saw a picture of this in the wild quite a while ago. Don't recall if it was here, or on Opposite Lock.
The Guns N' Roses Appetite For Destruction cassette tape smells glorious. It's one of the greatest smells ever, a bit musky, but not overwhelming. I have no idea if that cassette was infused with this smell, or if it was a part of the manufacturing process or what, but I kept my copy just for the smell.
You might be surprised to learn that these are reasonably common in the Midwest and other parts of the US, where these kinds of vehicles can be classified as ATVs. Farmers and ranchers love them because they've got a vehicle that they can put hay into, a newborn calf, feed etc and still drive it on local roads and highways. Laws very from state to state, so check your DMV before purchasing one for yourself.
That's a pretty ballin' bike to be commuting on. Looks like a full carbon fiber Trek Madone.
Washburn Taurus T25 has a pretty narrow neck and plays nicely too. Source: I just bought my first 5 string. I played a bunch of other 5 strings, and actually wanted a really wide neck as I have big hands, but this one just felt perfect in my hands.
Yeah it is. It's OCLV carbon frame and fork. Notice the lack of welds around the head tube, that's because these are bonded carbon fiber tubes. Source: used to work at a bike shop and I'm familiar with lots of frames and frame materials.
Found a really nice used Washburn Taurus T25 in a guitar shop in Iowa over the weekend. http://i.imgur.com/iwdOHhf.jpg It's my first neck thru bass, and it's also my first 5 string, so there's a bit of adjustment going on, but I'm really liking it. Feels like a much more expensive guitar than it is. Very pleased.
Because they're easier to drive out on farms and small places on a farm or ranch.
I usually use a gravel grinder bike, or even a city style hybrid bike, as the geometries are usually a bit slacker, which means the bike is easier to handle. Flat handlebars usually give the rider better sightlines while riding too. There's nothing wrong with using a road bike as a commuter bike, but they tend to be a bit squirrely on rough roads and are also a target for thieves. Well, all bikes are for that matter. :(
I always put my hand out the window and hold onto objects stowed on the roof, because I know it will never fall off if I'm holding onto it.
I saw one like this when I was in London last year.
Replaced the heagaskets on my 2006 Impreza 2.5i at 61k miles. :( Subaru stepped up and replaced them under warranty, even though I was about 1k miles out. :) I've also heard that the EJ headgasket issue was finally solved in 2008, but I haven't heard anything definitive on this.
I kind of like how Farscape went from being an almost predictable "monster of the week" program in the first season to what it became in the seasons following it.
Most likely the Specialized ummagumma.
I enjoyed it even more on my second viewing.
I test drove a few of the 2005+ Tacoma trucks and just didn't care for how big they were. I scored a deal on a 2004 Tacoma that was in mint condition. I'll probably be driving it forever.
What's reserved seating? I haven't been to a movie theater in about a decade, so I don't know if this is a regional thing or what.
It's the Hellmouth, so all sorts of stuff like that can happen. I don't think his intents of summoning Sweet were malicious in any way. Aside from that, it could have been anybody from the gang that summoned him, but it just happened to be Xander. The consequences (or lack of) would have probably been the same if it was Dawn, or Giles or whomever.
Or a sink?
I didn't really care much for the Potentials either, and honestly I don't think Buffy really cared for them either, but she also understood the importance of giving the powers of the Slayer to all the potentials and taking away the power from the Watchers Council. There were so many things happening in season 7 that the message kind of got diluted a bit, but I think it's a really important one that many of us often forget about. On point however... my idea for a workable spinoff would be to have Buffy as Watcher, but not in the horrible and manipulative way that the old Watchers acted. Buffy could lend a lot of experience as a Slayer to all the Slayers. I'm sure Willow and Xander could find something to do in this world as well. Buffy &amp; The Slayers?
Looks like somebody is trying to make another Speedy Cop plane. http://blog.caranddriver.com/spirit-of-lemons-how-a-1956-cessna-airplane-became-a-road-racing-lemons-car-w-build-photosvideo/
Solid opening and guitar solo for sure. The rest of the song was somewhat by the numbers, but still ranks pretty good in my book.
It's PG-13 violence, so it's sorta like pretend violence. Your daughter is just a pretend serial killer. If she does happen to kill anybody in the future, there won't be any bloodshed.
I really liked them as presenters and some of the experiments that they did, so yeah, I miss them being on the show, but I like how the show is a little less silly now and a bit more science oriented.
Saw something like this on CBS the other day, but this market on boats has been going on for about a thousand years. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/change-coming-to-vietnams-floating-market/ Warning: You will be hungry for Pho after watching this video.
The speed wobble video you posted set off a chain reaction of "related" videos that totally burned up my boring afternoon. Thank you.
The age difference thing is always going to be a part of the narrative. Even if Angel had met Buffy when she was in her 20s or 30s, there'd still be a huge age difference. Their love is forbidden on many, many levels, not only the obvious age gap, but also because she's a vampire slayer and he's a vampire, which makes their relationship all the more compelling and intriguing to the viewer.
I can never think of anything to ask! Somebody come up with something clever for me.
Nightwish Ghost Love Score with Floor Jansen on vocals. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3brcfttchzA If there's a limit of how many times you can watch a video on Youtube, I am probably pretty close to reaching it.
Is it just the exhaust pipe, or does that also include a catalytic converter? Sometimes these are also one whole piece, especially if they're connected to the exhaust manifold of the vehicle. If you live in a state where they put salt on the roads, then a rusty exhaust system can happen around the decade mark. Ask a few more questions about what is actually being replaced and if they are aftermarket parts, or original Toyota parts. That too can make a big difference.
On a lot of front wheel drive vehicles, the exhaust manifold will have a catalytic converter built right onto it, mostly due to packaging reasons, but also for emissions as the catalytic converter heats up faster when it's closer to the engine. These kinds of systems usually meet at a collector, then a single exhaust goes out to the back of the vehicle. The OP wasn't specific enough about what part of his exhaust system was bad, so it's kind of difficult to gauge if that's too expensive or not. If it's just a muffler from the collector back, that should be a few hundred bucks tops to repair or replace. Catalytic converters can be extremely expensive as they contain rare earth metals.
I'm excited when a bot responds to one of my posts.
I'd say that it's mostly a space opera, but it certainly incorporates elements of horror, adventure and fantasy.
If you are afraid of getting the wrong cartridge filter, then you should probably buy an OEM filter from your dealership and get the correct part number, then buy one online or somewhere else, since you'll know for sure what filter you need.
I just started watching it a few days ago and wasn't sure what to think at first. I did like the basic premise of the show, but it felt a bit formulaic at first, but once things started chugging along about half way through the season I totally got on board with it.
Real gangstas go to Leaders Park and go down Suicide Hill. But seriously though, Suicide hill has claimed many a knee and broken many a leg. The last time I was there a few years ago, they had it fenced off.
I don't think the sledding hill is an official hill any longer, but the park itself is nestled between Leadale Ave and I-229. There are some decent mountain bike trails, and a community garden at Leaders Park that are worth mentioning.
Those are fun. I've ridden them a few times.
This song is the pinnacle of thrash metal -- tt checks all the boxes that makes a great song with solid lyrics, fantastic guitar playing and stunning drums. It's one of my favorite songs of this genre.
In the episode Once More With Feeling where Buffy looks up at the camera and sings the words "...and you can sing along" to the audience. It was really subtle and clever, like the rest of the show always is.
Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame. First of all, it wasn't very rock &amp; rolly, it was more like a pop culture museum, which would be cool if that's what it was, but they had things like a bra that Madonna wore one time and a bunch of other frilly shit. The building was weird and seemed like it had a ton of wasted space, and they wouldn't let you take a picture of something like Eddie Van Halen's guitar, because of copyright laws, which was infuriating. The whole thing was just kinda hokey.
There are still some pretty good slot car tracks like this still around. I got a chance to spend some time on a track like this in Boston a few years ago and the cars now are staggeringly fast, your eyes can barely follow the cars around the track they're going so fast. Some of the ads for the consumer level tracks were great too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdeDYAnMzzA
Good on your customer for having proper winter tires.
Next step: giant frozen wheel (un)balancers.
It's probably set up for TSD rally. They're usually held in rural areas, and lots of guys set up auxiliary lighting on their cars to run them. Seeing how this is in California and there's a lot of tumbleweeds and other debris on the roads in areas where these kinds of TSDs are held, then the brush guard would serve two purposes. Looks like a well made piece to me.
All the Washburn 5 string basses that I have played have really close string spacing, too close for me in fact.
There's a lot happening during the finale, actually during all of season 7. What the finale really needed was a two hour special, but apparently the network wasn't down for that, so they crammed a lot in. As for the loss of Anya, it was kind overshadowed by the loss of Spike. There wasn't anything said about Spike right away either, but I think everybody knew that not all of them would make it out alive.
Chislic. Lamb cubes cooked in olive oil. It's only known in South Dakota, but is totally delicious. I'd take them to Jono's to enjoy it.
Every time I have done this, I downtune all the strings, to take any undue stress off the neck.
Find other awkward people to meet.
Good advice. Thanks.
Happened to me in a bike crash actually. I got hit by a car and woke up in the trauma center, with my tongue bit in half. It was so bad, that I could barely talk. The surgeon who put my face back together told me not to worry about it, as my tongue would be healed by the time I came out of surgery. 12 hours later, it was healed! The rest of my face was a wreck, but I managed to survive a pretty horrific accident, so my botched face wasn't that big of a deal really.
Eh. Not bad really. There's some scarring on the end of my nose and underneath my nose where it meets my top lip. The other scars look sorta like pock marks from acne. The plastic surgeon that did the surgery said that I healed remarkably well. The worst thing to come from all of it was the nerve damage to my chin, which makes it slightly difficult to talk, as my lower lip and chin feel numb all the time.
I have no idea what happened to the driver of the car, as I was found on the side of the road by another motorist who saw me laying there.
From the time of the accident to when my tongue healed back well enough to talk was ~20 hours. Even then my tongue was extremely sore, but so was the rest of my body. EDIT: missed a word.
I'm only here because I was wearing my helmet.
"Hey, fowwy, but I ave ew fanfel ewonigh" "I bii my ewnge!"
Where did this happen and how did you get out of the ditch?
Glad to hear you got pulled out, even if it required a tug from a tow truck. How are you liking your MT tires for driving on snow? I've found that AT tires work better for me for driving on snowy and icy conditions, as there are more sipes in the treads.
Some of our more creative endeavors have been in an effort to destroy each other.
I swear, they keep getting better and better all the time. Can't wait to see them next month!
I liked season 4 better than I did season 6. Still, the first 3 seasons of Community were perfect.
I think the driver eventually switched to an Open Light Subaru.
Thanks for the correction.
He's the perfect anti-hero. The show hadn't really one until Spike came along, which added another layer of complexity to the balance of the main characters. Ultimately, I think Spike was a great addition, although I do think he takes up just a bit too much screen time in season 7.
I just think of each singer as part of a different era of recorded music from Nightwish. I appreciate what all of them have contributed towards the band, but I do contend that Floor is the most versatile in a live setting.
JDM gold plated drums yo.
It was a juvenile crush for Willow and to some extent Xander. I thought the way the show explored their relationship was covered nicely. Had their been anymore time spent on it, it could have gotten a bit tedious. Spending more time on their budding relationship may also have closed the door on Willow meeting Oz or Xander seeing Cordelia. That being said, I'm glad that Xander and Willow remained good friends, even if they eventually grew apart throughout the years.
OEM wheels for just about any brand are about $600.00 to $1000.00 a piece, so that sounds about right actually. Do you have a part number on the replacement wheel that you're looking for?
He made Die Hard work. The balance and the chemistry between him and Bruce Willis was fantastic.
Are you doing this drive right now? Road trip? Something else?
I can't ride anymore either, but because of concussions. I could still ride, and I was up until a few years ago, but it just isn't worth it if I want to live the rest of my life in a reasonable state of coherency.
KNAC.com still has an option to use Real as a way to stream music on their site. They even have an option for Quicktime, which begs the question, does Apple even support Quicktime these days? http://www.knac.com/listen.asp
That was the previous gen Corolla that had the All-Trac option. This appears to be a regular FWD Corolla.
Is is streaming anywhere on IFC? Otherwise I'll just wait for it to hit Netflix, which is how I watched it the first time.
I finally threw my parallel port Zip drive and all my 100 meg discs out a few months ago. I don't think I had used them since 1999. They were great for moving large data (for the time) back and forth from home to school. 3D Stuido Max files were huge, and there was no other way to work on it at home, without a Zip drive.
The music sounded like engine revs, which was kind of confusing.
I liked how that guy called out everything that was happening during his apprehension and subsequent arrest. "THEY'RE PUTTING ME ON A STRETCHER!" "I'M IN AN AMBULANCE!" "I'M IN A HOSPITAL!"
Or r/mildlysatisfying
I love everything about my current first gen Tacoma, save for its somewhat wonky 4 speed automatic. Had I not found the truck I have in such great condition with such low miles, I would have waited and found one with a 5 speed manual. Other than that, I can see myself driving my first gen for another 10 years easily. It's such a great truck.
I think so. I'm a notorious noodler on the bass. It's not until I sit down to learn a song, or a section of a song that I start finding patterns on the neck that I wouldn't thought of on my own.
That's the only way to eat terrible pizza from Pizza Hut. I'd imagine it'd work with terrible burgers too.
I'm happy to see you stuck with it on your project. Every time I start a project like this, I get frustrated and impatient, especially when I have to borrow tools and a garage from friends to work on my rolling projects. I guess that's why I never finished the SAS on my '92 Toyota. :(
What other things does she have a tendency to fall off of?
I used to have one, but it rusted into nothing. I even went so far as to rivet in new floorboards, after I put my foot through mine.
I just did my second rewatch, and I'm already thinking about watching it again!
I'll check it out when it's on Netflix or Hulu. Glad to see that SyFy is committed to programming like this and other shows like Dark Matter, which enjoyed quite a bit.
David always has interesting guitar riffs. This is good stuff.
Sold the '92 years ago, then moved onto a very dilapidated '85 4Runner that I thought I would be able to salvage, but it was too rusted out. :(
It's futuristic and follows the design language of the Mirai, which is also a rather polarizing design. In a few years, this Prius will look normal.
It really creates some great dissonance.
I've never watched the show, but I grew up during a time in which these kinds of songs were popular. Even for a parody, this song is great.
Truck appears to be an early '90s Hilux.
It gets confusing in the US, because the trucks were on a Hilux chassis, but the model name never got the Hilux moniker for the US market.
Even if this isn't true, it's a really clever meme.
About the same size as the current Tacoma, but even by Toyota standards, the T-100 was ridiculously overbuilt. Toyota had Hino, their heavy duty truck division design most of the truck. The T-100 came in at a weird time and at was a weird size for American buyers, so it never really caught on, even though it was good truck for what it was.
Well, slavery and genocide is condoned in the bible.
Those are vent tubes for the tool box!
I liked the arc that Andrew had, and I liked how he became a part of the group, but it also made season 7 feel like it was trying to do too much. Still, I'm glad he was there. As much hate as Kennedy gets from fandom, I still think she's an interesting character with a lot of traits that would eventually make a great slayer in battle. She was brash and arrogant, but also extremely brave and was certainly willing to fight alongside Buffy and Faith. I guess if I had to pick a favorite, I'd say Amanda or Vi. For all the chaos and clutter that made season 7 a bit unsteady, I still liked the message that got lost in the shuffle, Buffy changed everything. She changed the Slayer lineage forever and gave her powers to any potential slayer. That was beautiful.
It's legal to ride an ATV on the street here, so long as it has front and rear lights and is licensed. I see lots of ATVs like this now, mostly kitted up with stupid looking wheels and tires like the OP posted.
Is it a Toyota TRD charger?
I read the install on the TRD charger was pretty easy. This might be something that I'll do in the future, especially after having driven my truck over the Rockies twice, where a supercharger would be beneficial at high altitudes.
What would the mechanism of sap crystallizing more have an impact on how the wood resonates? Is there that much sap in "new" or "old" wood? Isn't most wood that's used for guitars dried out for a long time before it's made intro an instrument? It's not that I'm not a fan of vintage instruments, because I am, but I'm kind of perplexed by the sap part of your equation.
I hated morphine. Once I was coherent about what was going on after my accident, I stopped using it. I only took a few of the Oxycodone that they sent me home with as well, as they made me feel like a zombie.
I could see where that might be a tonal difference in an acoustic, but an electric guitar or bass relies more on the nut, the bridge, the pickups and wring to produce its overall tone. For me, it's build quality. The guitars an basses that came out of Japan in the '70s, '80s and early '90s was incredible. I had an early '70s Ibanez artist guitar that was one of the nicest instruments that I've ever seen. I eventually ended up trading it for a drum set, but now I regret it. One of the nicest bass guitars I've played was a friends 1984 Ibanez Blazer. The build quality of those were both outstanding.
It actually scared me. I would be watching something on TV and my brain couldn't register of something was supposed to be funny, or sad or whatever. That was crazy. I just put up with the pain for a few weeks.
Was she named after a character from the show Dollhouse?
&gt; Ssangyong Acyton That's exactly what it is. Thank you!
You should have chained up for this.
I like the commitment that season 6 shows. They could have made an episode or two about the consequences of bringing Buffy back from the dead, but they didn't. They totally owned it and made the actions of Willow and the rest seem real and tangible. EDIT: The practical reason for Giles not being in season 6 was Anthony Head wanted to spend more time with his family in England, so they wrote him out for most of the season.
They're almost identical.
Had to look that up on Urban Dictionary.
Does the slope that the titanium is sitting at make any difference?
I just found it on the FAQ page, about a half a dozen clicks on on their page well hidden. It says that their drivers do accept tips, so I'll be sure to leave him a bit extra next time.
Looks like they were trying to accomplish what Minneapolis Moline did in the '50s and '60s. http://i.imgur.com/CwKTdU8.jpg
I agree. I'm a generous tipper when it comes to wait staff, pizza delivery person etc. For me, this was kind of a new era of tipping etiquette as I used to use Pea Pod home delivery service when I lived in Minneapolis, and they specifically told you that the drivers don't accept tips.
I've made a lot of these while winter camping, but I didn't have a full bar or fancy hardwood floors.
He just gnaws at the grass a bit, then either guards it like he's doing here, or pretends that he's hiding behind the grass, like it's a bush or something.
He plays it with his fingers live. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_KJMPkAGwk
Have a web based application on our corporate network that we waited almost 5 years to be developed by our vendor. It relies exclusively on Java *and* Flash to function properly. Every time either Flash or Java gets updated, a toolbar inevitability gets installed and renders the program totally inoperable. The vendor said that reprogramming the program in HTML5 would take a few years and would too costly, so I guess we're stuck with a program that is already obsolete.
After seeing Bucky spectating at LSPR last year, I was wondering if we would see him behind the wheel at a stage rally. Sure enough, he's on for Sno* Drift. I wonder if Bucky Lasek and David Higgins will eventually be doing stage rally for SRT full time.
You live in Minnesota and it hasn't rotted into oblivion?
Fans react to Fine Bros trying to copyright "reaction videos" by not watching Fine Bros videos.
The SVX existed in an automotive realm that's often confusing to a North American audience, as it was a GT, or Grand Touring car. Not really a sports car, not really a muscle car, it slots somewhere between a sporty car and a luxury car -- not a vehicle that has ever been very popular or understood stateside.
Yes, this was really a thing, but only in Canada eh. Sorry. http://i.imgur.com/Ym2ZpmZ.jpg
Can you upload another version of the video without the background music? I wanna hear me some boxer rumble.
That's awesome, and total music to my ears.
Some of these are pretty stupid, but they're also kind of funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYLzJGNunGk
Don't label yourself anything then. I'm just a non believer who likes science and isn't hung up on what society labels me as. As far as this sub is concerned, it was always better a year ago, like any sub on Reddit.
I really did like the first few seasons of this show, when the formula actually worked, but now it's like watching New Coke and I just don't care for it.
This is awesome! Now that I have access to a 3D printer, I've started sketching out my ideas for a headless bass. I made the initial sketches on paper, then drew it out in Inkscape. After that I brought in a few of the .svg files into Tinkercad to get comfortable working in a 3D environment again. What I plan on doing is printing out the body in 4 sections, with a section in the middle of the pieces hollowed out so I can use a piece of wood to mount the neck to. I got the idea from this build. https://3dprint.com/93958/3d-printed-polymax-guitar/ Here's where I started, and how it looks in Tinkercad. (nothing is to scale yet) http://imgur.com/a/tCWCJ This has been really fun thus far, and I'll post a build of it once I start getting things measured and when it has been printed and built.
Rattles, it's what makes a Subaru a Subaru.
Couldn't the same be said of King Arthur? There were many accounts of him, but he's never known to have existed.
Was this taken a bro convention?
Have a shiny birthday tomorrow!
Are you going to retune the 3.8 to run on lower quality fuel that you may find in Africa? Also, you like about 10 years younger sans beard.
I'd like to point out that the original Sherlock Holmes books and later variations of movies and TV shows were all procedurals. Even the highly regarded ITV series that Jeremy Brett starred in was by all accounts, a standard procedural. It wasn't until the BBC came along with the series Sherlock, where it became more about the character, not the way in which crimes were solved. Sure, the deduction was there, but it takes a back seat to him being a "ridiculous man." I think Elementary stays more true to the original formula that Doyle created than Sherlock does. It's not to say that Sherlock isn't a great show, because it certainly has a large following, and is entertaining in its own way, but it gets a little tedious sometimes. So yeah, take Elementary for what it is, a modern version of the classic character that has been a pop culture phenomenon for many years. The formula is familiar, but modern and the show maintains a very consistent atmosphere in every episode. I think you'll enjoy it.
I've been to 3 provinces in Canada and knew them while I was there travelling, but forgot them soon after I left. :(
I'll add to your list! Both characters are from Texas. Both characters have their origin story in a library. Both characters had their story arc interrupted/changed by the real life pregnancy of an actress in the 4th season of the show. Their arcs aren't just similar, they are the same character. Fred is Root, that's all there is to it. My head cannon puts both shows in the same 'verse because it makes total sense to me.
I would agree with that statement. I've been half way through an episode and it'll suddenly dawn on me that it's a take on The Blue Carbuncle. I'd say Elementary pays homage to Doyle, as it rarely makes a direct adaptation of his stories.
It's kind of beautiful in its own way.
With Elementary, you have a super detective formula that's been copied a million times over. Basically any super sleuth like Luther, Tony Hill, (Wire in the Blood) Robert Goren (Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent) just to name a few, are basically a variation of Sherlock Holmes. They make for compelling characters, but it's something we've seen so many times that it feels a bit contrived when the character that spawned all of these copies feels like a copy of himself in his own series. :P The show obviously has to fit neatly into the confines of a 45 minute episode with room for commercial breaks, which doesn't give it as much room to control the narrative. Still, I think the show does a great job of staying on track with how the characters are portrayed and keeping the feel of the show very consistent.
It's kind of a by the numbers metal song, but I think that's the point of the song isn't it?
My '04 is still looking good, but it's only been in the rustbelt for 3 years. I'm going to reinforce it this summer, then rustproof the hell out of it.
In the Midwest, it's pronounced "sherbert" Nobody knows how or why the r got in there.
That'd be like pronouncing Worcester as Wista. "I'm eating sherbert in Wista!"
The book was really good too.
I like the fact that it has 4 matching wheels now.
Maybe you could try to find a good picture of him dressed as Scopy playing drums in the episode Won't Get Fooled Again and have him autograph it or something. http://farscape.wikia.com/wiki/Won't_Get_Fooled_Again http://i.imgur.com/672XntQ.jpg
I don't know why they would. I was reading parts of Corinthians this weekend, and it doesn't explain how this is going to work very well. It's not a debate for me, but an explanation. There's no /r/askachristian sub, so I asked here.
Go figure. Reddit search didn't turn up anything. I just searched with google and it was there. That sub doesn't appear to be very active at all. EDIT: haha. I'm getting downvoted, but nobody is answering my questions. Thanks.
You shouldn't. u/Shorts28 just gave a really in depth and interesting reply.
Thanks for your well thought out reply. It sounds as though this is going to be removed, so I'll refrain from asking the many more questions I have about how the practical aspects of this would work out.
I was hoping for a followup to that too.
&gt; Christianity Thank you. https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAChristian/comments/4mzqzd/how_many_people_will_rise_from_the_dead_during/
Thank you for doing your best to answer all of my questions. This really does paint a more accurate picture of how the rapture would take place in our modern times. With issue of modernity, will there be any kind of provisions made for the advances made in science? If it were to happen tomorrow would everything we have learned about the human genome, DNA, splitting the atom, metallurgy etc., be a part of civilization, or would it revert back to when the bible was written and when Trephination was still common practice? What if it happens thousands of years from now when many people have left earth and colonized other planets or solar systems? Does the reach of God extend to those planets?
OP you are totally overselling this. Oh wait, you're not.
I started reading Leviticus on my own when I was younger, so I brought it up to my Sunday school teach at church and asked him why we didn't cover it and many other books of the bible. His basic response was that the holy spirit guides us through our journey and that we would be taught what the church deemed to be important. Leviticus was the first book of the bible that made me question its contents. There was so much of it that was straight up bonkers and made me question even further what was being taught to me, and what wasn't.
The juxtaposition from studying select parts of the gospels in Sunday school, to diving in head first into Leviticus was pretty jarring.
I worked for a dot com in the early 2000s that spent over 700k on these servers. They bought these servers to run a splash page to show investors how much potential this dot com had. Seriously. 700 thousand freakin' dollars to run a splash page that they hired a Cold Fusion developer to code, and it didn't even do a damn thing. The dot-com era was fucking crazy.
More info on the DC-3 that crashed in Iceland. https://guidetoiceland.is/connect-with-locals/jorunnsg/the-abandoned-dc-plane-on-solheimasandur
Pylea was one of my favorite arcs in the 'verse too. I loved how they just threw everything out the window and said "Meh, screw it, let's take a broody vampire detective show and send it to some middle ages type fantasy place!" did it, and totally owned it.
Southern people take their college sports very seriously.
I lived in the panhandle of Florida for a few years, where everybody had a favorite college team. I have never known anything about sports or college football, which totally betrayed my northern heritage when I lived there.
That's my perfect idea of a build right there. Not too tall, not too showy. It's just right.
The local Subaru club I'm a part of has had a rash of WRX/STI drivers with wheels that have fallen off due to their aluminum lugnuts stripping. They still contend that they're worth it, for the few ounces of unsprung weight savings.
I've never heard of the stuff before. I think I'm going to order some tonight!
Even though this show was critically acclaimed and loved by fans, it has been largely forgotten. I don't really know what that is either. Maybe it's because it's a sometimes weird show that isn't as palatable as something like Firefly. Maybe it's because there was a mass exodus of this format of show when "reality" TV became so popular. I really can 't figure it out.
There are no rules to how a material will sound. Just because we've been using wood for stringed instruments for a few hundred years doesn't mean that other materials won't sound good. This is especially true for an electric guitar where the pickups account for most of the tone generated by the instrument. This subject has been the topic for much debate on the internet for well over a decade, so I'm sure you'll find a different opinion on a very subjective subject. Willseasyguitar goes into great detail about this if you want to watch his videos on Youtube.
It's a solid season. I think it's a bit jarring because the gang feels a bit broken up after high school, which I think was intentional, so yeah, it feels really different right away. Adam, the big bad of the season isn't my favorite, but it does bring up interesting ideas of humanity. I did like the The Initiative and thought Riley was a good addition as a potential "normal" boyfriend/love interest.
If you're looking for Star Trek lite, then Farscape is not for you. As far as the show being depressing is concerned, have you seen the 6th season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer? Now that is depressing television.
There are Scooby Doo movies to make!
I understand your passion for woods and their potential tones. Wood has a romance to it that other materials don't, but again, there are no scientific rules to indicate how a material will sound when there are pickups mounted to it. As far as your anecdote, you also have to consider every other part of your guitar in the signal chain. Even the quality of your tone and volume knobs, to how your pickups were wrapped will make a difference in how your guitar will sound when ran through an amp. The tonewood debate makes more sense when you're talking about acoustic guitars, but even then there are materials out there that have their own unique tonal properties. Have you played a Rainsong acoustic guitar before? They're very throaty, nice sustain and the body and neck never go haywire due to the weather. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NlZrmaH3T4 Here's a well done comparison between the two: (with adorable Canadian accents eh) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJ6iyWSEzIs Ask one of the many people who use carbon fiber violins and cellos now, as they're much easier to travel with and sound fantastic. As far as the OP and his hollow Trek Y bike/Flying V monstrosity are concerned, it'd be no different than mounting a set of pickups to a hollow piece of wood. Of course it's going to need some bolstering internally to take the strain of the tension of the strings on the body. Basswood might be a good choice, in keeping with the theme of lightness. :) Well known Luthier Will, form WillsEasyGuitar knows his stuff and has done a lot of research on the topic, so I would encourage you to check out the myriad of videos that he has posted about the subject. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svmOQuNC1Uw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ehgl-AeDPkQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9idyOaelfUs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJfeFe4CKEk
The 7th season of Buffy suffers from trying to cover too much ground. I say that actually actually having liked a lot of the concepts that they came up with. I thought the idea of The Potentials was really cool, especially the cold open where nothing is explained, however, things get bogged down in the details, and a last minute relationship that seems kind of thrown together. I actually liked Kennedy and liked her and Willow together, but it seems sometimes like the writers were going out of their way to prove that Willow has moved on. I think it could have been a much more organic relationship if it had a full season or two to blossom. I think the 7th season put a lot of emphasis on Spike. I like Spike well enough and think he's a great character, but he became sort of the Fonzie of the show in the 6th and 7th season. The emphasis on Spike would have been more rewarding if his death would have been permanent, which would have made his sacrifice worth something. An Andrew-centric episode, while solid was kind of a waste of story telling time, as there was still a lot of ground to cover to wrap up the Slayer lineage arc and all The First. So yeah, there were great things about the 7th season that I liked, but everything felt really rushed and sloppy during the final episode. Maybe a 2 hour finale would have allowed for more breathing room, or less shenanigans with the potentials and Buffy calling Chloe an idiot for committing suicide during one of her tedious speeches, one of the cringeworthy moments of the series ever. Overall though, I still liked it and it find it more satisfying to watch in conjunction with Angel.
Is it a white shirts vs other colored shirts chair fight?
I watch/use Hulu way more now that I have the ad free version. I still lean towards Netflix more as I like the content there better and it doesn't feel like a total afterthought like Hulu does.
I like Spike too, but the potentials ultimately had a more significant role in the transfer of power of the Slayer lineage than Spike did. Honestly, they could have handled the potentials in away that worked better with the story that would have been more compelling. I think they kind of scratched the surface with Amanda, but obviously they didn't have an entire season to devote to each potential. With Spike, he did seem to get a lot of unnecessary, or at least not very rewarding screen time, especially considering Dawn and Xander just kind of petered out. Xander was always a huge part of the group and nothing really happened with him at all.
Somebody is probably designing a USB to 3.5 adapter as we speak.
This is when Honda was at its prime.
Transmissions are spec series, meaning that all teams have to use the same transmission. If the seals had been changed, then it means that they could have possibly modified it in some way, which they probably didn't.
Honda was really caught off guard by the Koreans. Nobody, including German and American car companies could anticipate how quickly they would start building competitive high quality cars. For a while, the best car Honda was making was the Fit/Jazz, but the new Civic and even the new Ridgeline shows that Honda has found their way again.
I don't know how the protest rules work in WRC, but you'd think there would be provisions for something like that to take place.
I love Dawn too! I'm less enthusiastic about Connor, but I don't hate him the rest of the way most fandom does. I think there's a lot more that the writers could have done with both Dawn and Connor. Season 7 of Buffy was supposed to be the return to Sunnydale. With Dawn at the helm, even as a normal person, there could have been a ton of things they could have done with it, but instead her character just sat in limbo and never really grew or went anywhere. I thought what they did with Connor was kind of meh in terms of his sendoff. It was painful for Angel to basically give him up for adoption, but it was also kind of a free pass for writing the character off the show for a while. Both Dawn and Connor could have been real assets to the show, but were never fully utilized.
I'd love to see the turbo 1.5 in a Fit, something like a Fit SI perhaps?
Most pickup truck owners don't rotate their spare with the rest of their tires, as the spare is usually mounted on a different wheel than the rest of the truck. The spare tire on my Tacoma is mounted on a steel wheel, while the rest of my wheels are the factory alloy wheels. As far as your spare is concerned, you didn't say what year or generation your Tacoma is, so I'm not sure how much room you will have between the frame rails to fit your spare tire.
Yamaha RBX-A2 Washburn T-25 Washburn CB-14 Washburn Bantam (headless)
How unbelievably heavy it is. For the money though, it's a great single cut bass for the money.
I dropped my hockey puck into my poutine when I realized the OP was full of beavershit.
These usually fade into a dull silver luster after 20+ years.
Honestly, I'm probably going to sell it or trade it in. I already bought the aforementioned Yamaha RBX-A2 which weighs just a few pounds. I'm thinking about picking up an Ibanez Ergodyne EDA905, which is made of Luthie and is very light, at least compared to this Washburn boat anchor.
Go out to the Sandhills of Nebraska some time, especially during the summer. It has its own unique, desolate beauty and offers the opportunity to see all sorts of weather patterns unfold.
This is mostly due to how high the frame rails are and how the body is mounted in the frame rails. If you look at something comparable like a Colorado, its frame rails are lower to the ground, and the cab sits lower, which gives the driver more leg room. So yeah, it's always a compromise of ground clearance and ergonomics and in the case of the Tacoma, ground clearance wins out.
The first season of Angel is decent. It hasn't really found its identity yet, but it does by the second season and starts moving along nicely. The 5th season of Angel is probably one of the best in the Buffyverse.
/r/adorableanimalhybrids
What's the difference between an F and B? Diesel engine?
Dawn and Connor needed their own episode. I know that wouldn't have been possible since they were both on separate shows, but the potential was there. Think about it. They both had similar mystical genesis arcs, were rather disliked by fandom and both went on to pretty much wither away in their respective shows. I think they would have had a lot to talk about and could both wallow in how unfair their lives are. I say that being a big fan of Dawn, and with a mild appreciation of Connor. I haven't really put together any wacky ideas for their paring, but it seems to me that it could be fun, or really depressing. That'd fit well with atmosphere of both shows nicely
Well, at least it wasn't another funeral for Buffy. :)
I wonder if there's going to be a senate panel on this.
The power of a 4 cylinder with the fuel economy of a V8! If you keep headgaskets in these things, they are quite reliable.
Sometimes when a singer goes solo and comes up with a new backing band, the chemistry just isn't the same as it was with the original band. I've seen this a lot with other singers as well. When Rob Halford left Judas Priest and went out on his own, he still performed old Judas Priest songs, but it just wasn't the same. I've seen Anette Olzon do some Nightwish songs with her various backing bands, and it kind of comes across as being rather flat. It just isn't the same with the original band performing the song together. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHGXSlOGEx8
As somebody living in the rustbelt, I am very envious of how rust free your Forester is. Nice build BTW.
I have to say, being in religious purgatory was a strange and rather difficult state for me to be in. I had always questioned Christianity and always thought it was fraught with problems, but I was too scared to do anything about it. Growing up, I lived in a household where if you didn't believe in god and go to church on Sunday then you were out on the streets, no questions asked. Even when I was out on my own, I still felt scared about not being tethered to religion and Christianity somehow, so I pretty much forced myself to continue to sort of believe in it. I did this for years, not really knowing what I was trying to accomplish by doing it, but I didn't really know how to not be a Christian either... if that makes any sense. I don't know what it was, but this sub gave me the courage and the foresight to just drop the confusing feelings I had been harboring about religion for so many years. I think it was the balance of comedy memes about religion (seriously, those were really helpful) great videos by Christoper Hitchens and Sam Harris among many others. It just feels normal now, and this is how I should have been and felt my entire life. I'm glad you've found peace too OP.
I've seen Manson play with many iterations of his band over the years, and he's always put on a good show. The best show I've ever seen from him was in '95 when he and KoЯn opened for Danzig at a small club here in a some terrible flyover state. Manson was phenomenal, Danzig paled in comparison to the show openers. Anyway, I'm getting a bit off topic here, but it can be done with a different backing band, but not always for singers who were famous for being in other bands, where the rest of that band made their sound so unique and wonderful. I certainly think that's the case with the former singers of Nightwish. Best of luck to them either way.
I didn't care much for the styling of the first gen, but I really like this new Ridgeline a lot. I might keep my Tacoma and turn it into a stupid off-road truck and get a Ridgeline for commuting and light towing etc.
The new Ridgeline is a variation of the Pilot, which is also based on the Odyssey, platfom -- heavily bolstered for use on the Ridegline obviously.
Question. Why not embed all images in the post, instead of just the first image in the thread?
It's my favorite place on earth!
Ted Kennedy was never on the no fly list. He happened to have the same name as a "T Kennedy" who *was* on the no fly list. Besides, that was a DHS list -- now the TSA is responsible for identifying people on the no fly list. That was also a decade ago, and things have changed significantly in that time.
The department that handles the list has changed, as has the war on terror and lone wolves etc. That wasn't a ringing endorsement for DHS, or the TSA either, just a more detailed version of the events what transpired with Kennedy. I don't really think it is relevant to the situation, as there are never going to be any changes to gun control in this country ever. Not ever.
Which Phil Anselmo thing are you referring to? The accusations of him being a white supremacist? You didn't provide a link, so it's difficult to ascertain what you are talking about specifically.
It's a pretty cool Photoshop. The camo looks great, but the cargo tray looks kind of goofy mounted to the rear wing.
I think she likes the songs, but I don't think she was happy with how her tenure as a singer ended.
Crazy to think that this happens thousands of times per minute in your engine while you're driving, but you'll never be able to see it.
I thought Different Destinations was a really solid episode with great writing, but Eat Me was the only Farscape episode that left me feeling nauseous while watching it. This episode is very Farscape in that the writers are willing to take an idea that another show might play around with for an episode, then have some kind of reset switch turn things back to normal at the end. Nope. Not Farscape. They just run with it, and take things to such great lengths. It's super ambitious and often borders on sheer lunacy, but that's what I love about this show.
Maybe she's itching for you to take the Christmas decorations down?
What's wrong with the Bongo? I really like the ergonomics of them and how they play.
It was a heavy handed approach by the writers to show that Buffy is grown up now and can handle this kind of rejection by her loved ones. While the execution was a bit clunky, it did illustrate that Buffy was able to brush off how badly she was disrespected by the group and get back to fighting the first. It's also worth noting that Kennedy was the only person to apologize to Buffy about it.
That's a mind bender of a picture. Your dog can see you and I can see him looking at your arm in the reflection, but I still don't know what vantage point you took the picture from.
The MKII has always been my favorite Supra.
I was talking to the owner of Nicks a few months ago, and the producers of Diners, driveins and Dives, or whatever the hell it's called stopped by and wanted to feature Nicks on the show, but they wouldn't because he didn't make his own pita bread. I think Nicks has seriously good gyros. I've tried a lot of other gyro joints, including the world famous Mad Greek in Baker California, but Nicks was still better. Looks like they went to The Mad Greek instead of Nicks! http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/ca/baker/mad-greeks-diner-restaurant.html
No Esty jokes? Estonia is a favorite of /r/polandball for inexplicably being a part of the EU.
It was a joke. I realize why Estonia is in the EU.
I don't think this was a short tow either. He had out of state plates and had just got off the interstate. I can't image what the transmission in that poor BMW went through towing this much weight over long distance.
I never see 2 door XJs anymore. I love it!
Did he really know who Sweet was before he met him at The Bronze? Those kinds of details are a bit sketchy, as we don't even know how or when he summoned him. Did he know what Sweet was going to look like or what he would do when he arrived in this dimension? Probably not. I do agree that his actions were reckless and pretty stupid, but they've all made mistakes like that before. It's the same thing as Buffy not killing Angel when she had the chance. We know for sure that Jenny Calendar wouldn't have been killed if Buffy would have killed him when she had the chance but hesitated and let him go. How many other people died at the hands of Angel/Angelus before she sent him off? Those kinds of things happen because people make mistakes, not because they want people to be killed because of their actions or inaction. I'd say that both Xander and Buffy were indirectly responsible for the death of others, but through very different circumstances. There's also the last variable in this, that Dawn summoned Sweet, but Xander was covering for her. Either way, to me, it was a great episode regardless of the seemingly light consequences.
You make very good points. I wasn't trying to pick on Buffy either, I was just trying to find a somewhat comparable situation where the actions of any of them lead to somebody being killed. As far as the lack of consequences for Xander, there was one that could have happened. Sweet was going to take Dawn with him, as he thought she had summoned him and he (Sweet) had the option of taking Xander instead but choose not to. The episode ends quickly shifting gears to Buffy and Spike, which changed the mood significantly and took the focus off of Xander and any implications of his actions that may have caused the whole thing to transpire. Xander being taken to another dimension with Sweet as his bride certainly would have been a punishment for his summoning, but Sweet wasn't interested, so maybe he got off free for the most part? The ending was a bit vague, and there were certainly some moral gray areas that were ignored, but now we've got Spuffy and all of dysfunction that season 6 can handle. Oh wait, there's still more seeing what happens to Anya and Xander. :)
The picture I took from a slightly different angle shows how stressed the tires are on the trailer. http://i.imgur.com/8prq5bI.jpg This is towing gore if I've ever seen it.
I thought the first couple of episodes were kind of meh, but it really picked up its stride about half way through. I'm looking forward to see what they're going to do with the 2nd season.
I was really into Floor Jansen's band ReVamp when I found out that she was going to be filling in for the band after Anette was let go. I decided to check out the music of Nightwish and fell in love with the music instantly.
I've found that people who don't integrate tapping into their playing don't care much for tapping. Same goes for string skipping, sweeping etc. I think a lot of shred players ruined tapping for others, as it was overdone for quite a few years, but now you have players like Tosin Abasi who have taken tapping, double thumb slapping, (!) sweeping and string skipping and other "flashy" kinds of techniques to the next level. Personally, I enjoy all kinds and varieties of playing and I don't really care what techniques players employ, so long as they enjoy playing and I enjoy listening to it. Enjoy, or not. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmfzWpp0hMc
Find a different 'verse to immerse yourself in. If you like the feels and in depth story telling and great character development, check out shows like Buffy The Vampire Slayer (seriously, it's amazing) Breaking Bad, Angel (Amy Acker!) The West Wing, House of Cards... there are lots of great shows that are very different from Person of Interest, but are also great at telling a story and have characters that you can latch onto.
Your eyes have seen real life people walking up and down stairs your entire life. Your eyes know the kinematics of a bipedal person and what to expect with each step up or down the stairs. These movements are very subtle, but they are all there. With a computerized, or digital version of a bipedal person traversing stairs, much of that subtlety is lost and your eye knows it.
Post war Europe brought forth a lot of unique designs like this.
I got a negative feedback on eBay when the buyer didn't receive his package. This was after the UPS driver attempted to deliver his package 3 times and had called the customer 3 times and left notes with the apartment complex manager. I tried calling him a few times to let him know that UPS was having difficulties finding his apartment and I also sent him messages through eBay as well. The package got sent back to me and I gave him a full refund, but he still gave me a negative feedback. I hate eBay with an unending passion.
I did something like this with my Taco, but I put them towards the top of the topper. Really makes digging around in the back of the bed at night a lot easier. http://i.imgur.com/ajfXm8y.jpg
Plastidip would be way cheaper, and you can peel it off if you don't like it.
Any reason you'd do a wrap over a dip?
It could also be that the cat is upset with something. It could be the placement of its litterbox. It's best to keep it away from food and water, better yet keep two boxes in different places in the house. Another pet in the house could be upsetting the cat, and the cat is letting you know with a way that will get your attention. Cat's do not like to pee outside of their litterbox, so your cat is trying to tell you something.
Yep, there were a few sold here. I talked a friend of mine into buying one about a decade ago. He got a good deal on a really nice one that had been taken care of. He drove it for a month and the engine went south. He ordered a full front clip from Japan that had a "new" engine and a bunch of interior parts etc. We pulled the engine apart to make sure everything looked okay, and the JDM engine had the worst oil sludging I have ever seen in my entire life. It only had like 30k miles on it, but I don't think the oil had ever been changed before. He ended up selling it for way less than he bought it for. Man, it was such a great car for the few weeks that it ran. Felt so solid and planted.
This was his first car, and his first experience trying to keep a finicky rare car on the road. I think the guy he sold it to got it running again.
I kind of like the truck better how he had it before. :(
Their inability to complete a word. It's kind of cute sometimes, but then there are other times where I'll be watching an Aussie police show and the police officer will be like "Yea, so we got a bikie hea, who we suspect is a drugs runna.' Bikie? The officer was pointing out this giant biker gang dude riding a fire breathing Harley, and he called him a bikie! Tradie is another one they use to call tradesmen, like carpenters and other skilled laborers, which sounds hilarious when the pull over a Ute full of tradies.
The dent will come out, but the paint will still be creased and cracked. It'll need a respray for sure.
It depends a lot on the shape of the plastic and the durometer of the plastic itself. I popped some gray plastic end pieces of a Jeep Liberty back into place warming it up and massaging it back into shape. Since it was unpainted gray plastic, there were some white crease marks where it had folded over. With painted fascias, it's typically a lot more difficult to get one back into place without the paint chipping, peeling or cracking a bit. The one in the .gif appears to be pretty thin and on an economy car of some sort, which usually has a thinner fascia and less mounting brackets to contend with.
Lots of white paints have metallic speckles in them, so it actually can be difficult to match!
Haha. That's perfect mate! Can an American call an Aussie "mate" if they watch enough Australian television? I think I've earned it!
There's a company that does those conversions. Sans bro wheels and murdered out paint, I could see where this could be a somewhat useful large family rig. This is the one I've heard of: http://premiumandexotic.com/premium/?page_id=434
I'd hate to drive it anywhere in the city that would require the ability to parallel park. Out on the highway, I bet this would be a smooth runner.
I'm a total purist when it comes to watching TV shows in their entirety. I like taking the bad with the good, as it makes the good even better. Besides, there's some good stuff that they suggested to skip over. It's just not worth it.
I wrote a post about that here a few months ago!
Suburbans and Tahoes are pretty notorious for having those long A/C lines go bad too, but you can usually replace those for less than 2k with parts and labor. The operating costs on a Nissan Armada are pretty eye watering, even if the A/C doesn't go bad, because the rest of the truck will.
There isn't an official place in Sioux Falls, but there is a lady who works at the Outdoor Campus at Sertoma Park that sometimes takes in hurt or abandoned birds. Stop by in person and ask around. EDIT: There is one in Minnesota, but I don't know how far you are willing to travel. https://www.wrcmn.org/
Scorpius, Groofus. References: http://farscape.wikia.com/wiki/Scorpius http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Groofus
Isn't this a byproduct of most singers/performers singing along with a track of themselves? Even small time musicians use good in ear monitors these days, so it seems to reason that she doesn't sing her own music and doesn't perform live very often. Anyway, it made for a memorable performance that I'm sure Ashley Simpson would approve it.
That was Ott Tanak and it happened in 2015, but on a different stage. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPnjMhXNQ3Y
The whole quote for context: “The way it worked was that people would borrow 100 dollars and basically owe us seven dollars at the end of a week. Under the new rate, they would owe us 69 cents, and that’s an industry killer when you factor in staff, rent, processing and everything else. No one is going to stick around and keep lending at 36 percent. There are banks and credit unions on every corner, and that’s what they do.”
I had that body on my SC-10. It sure looked nice, but proved to be too top heavy.
People were probably well meaning when they voted for this law with the intention of helping people from making bad financial decisions. Either that they thought Chuclkes was being boastful when he came back to South Dakota with his overflowing bags of money and said "Look what I'm going to build, don't you love me?" and thought his pawn shop was kind of gauche and hoped that he would leave if they voted his unsavory business model out of the state. Now that they ran him out of town, maybe banks and credit unions will pick up the slack from payday loans and offer short term loans to desperate people at a reasonable interest rate. TCF, Twin Cities Federal, a Minnesota based bank who has a headquarters here for tax purposes could be the first to step up, since this is, or was a very friendly lending institution state.
More like, you're going to be off time. Bad um tish.
I really loved The Pack. Overall, I really enjoyed the first season, especially on rewatches, as it's fun to see characters grow up already knowing what the future has in store for them. Sure, some of it is kind of uneven and a bit hokey, but it was a mid-season replacement show on a rinky dink network with a shoestring budget, which honestly worked in the shows favor. If it had been on NBC or another big network, you can guarantee the show wouldn't have gotten away with some of the things that it did. I'm sure it would have had better special effects, but probably a lot more predictable writing and wouldn't have taken such big risks with its audience. Now I'm looking forward to another rewatch!
This one was kind of a stinker. The mystery wasn't that great and it had more of a James Bond meets Doctor Who feel to it. The whole thing with Mary and the affair didn't really mesh very well either.
Is that an old Parker Fly neck?
I know the Connor arc is a bit uneven, but there's still some great content in season 4.
Honestly, the race for technology thinness isn't really that impressive any longer. I'm not sure if it ever was, it seemed like it was more of a bragging rights thing to get you in the door to check it out because it was 2 mm thinner than your current phone which was working just fine.
Don't most baddies have a goatee? I love it!
Of all the music videos in this thread, this one is by far the best.
I wonder how much time the writers actually had to re-write season 4. I know her pregnancy announcement was pretty late, as she had suffered miscarriages before and didn't want to tell everybody if that happened again. From a practical perspective, I'm sure she was contracted to be in a certain amount of episodes before she could be written off, or before she could leave. Either way, I like your idea better, but who knows what their reality was really like when the whole thing unfolded.
Am I the only person who would rather hear the whir of the motors from the drone instead of music? Aside from my gripes about the music, the footage is brilliant!
Even with a change in their driver roster, Subaru still faces a daunting task of getting their engine program up to snuff with Ford in GRC. Hopefully they'll be somewhat competitive, but I don't see that happening. As for stage rally, it'll be interesting to see if anybody else competes with Subaru, or if Subaru competes in both Rally America and American Rally Association. You'd think Subaru would still want to be at 100 Acre Wood.
Seems like a guy who would wear a backwards baseball cap.
A front drive shaft would make it 4WD! Pretty cool though.
I kind of enjoyed the lousy service in London. It's like, people were realistic about how not interested they were in serving you fish and chips and a pint.
I loved these skits when they ran on MTV, and I loved the movie too.
I loved the twined quad engines.
NASIOC had a sticky thread petitioning Subaru to add Recaro seats for nearly a decade. Now that Recaro seats can be had, this is one of the first things I saw on NASIOC about it: "The Recaros don't look any much better than the current seats in terms of thigh bolstering." user kenshinxl
Billions already bought that huge warehouse on 12th street out by Cubbys gas station.
WRX and STIs make more sense to buy new. You get a factory warranty, haven't been vaped in and they cost about the same as used.
There are lots of these "ghost cars" on H 169 right around St. Peter, where the speed limit goes from 55, back to 65, back to 55. It's a speed trap, and you cannot tell these SUVs from the hoard of other SUVs on the road. Obey they speed limit when you're driving to Minneapolis.
It is when the police department is a revenue department.
Or the Dollhouse DVD box set. If you haven't seen the show yet, it's some of the best work Joss Whedon has produced.
I've done this outside when it's windy and the bubbles fly away, then shatter when they hit the ground. It'd be cool if the Slow Mo Guys did a video of bubbles shattering in the cold.
I still can't figure out for the life of me how the subscription is supposed to work, so I just stopped listening to it. :(
How are you liking your Laufenn tires?
During the war, most of the Kates were mounted on American made Studebaker trucks.
I thought the movies were really underwhelming, they weren't bad, but they weren't great either. First of all, I haven't read the books, so seeing the characters come to life on the screen didn't feel very special to me. The characters themselves were kind of one dimensional and they never developed to the point where I cared about them at all. Everything about them and the movies felt kind of surfacey, like it wasn't very deep at all. The movies also suffered from really obvious timing, where the conflict and resolution never felt very satisfying, because you just knew when it was going to happen. The dialog was always pretty solid, as was the acting and the special effects, but all the quidditch stuff felt kind of forced and was never really that exciting. So yeah, this 'verse had seemingly endless amounts of potential for greatness, but it was neutered a bit to appeal to a global audience. I bet Harry Potter would be excellent as a 5 season television series.
Getting high centered on railroad tracks sounds like something out of a horror movie, or a slapstick comedy. Glad to hear your friend and his girlfriend are okay. Wow.
What's it like in the winter? I've only been there in the summer when it's well into the 100s.
Now I feel bad that I kind of blew off last weeks episode, thinking it was just kind of a dud, but what it was really doing was building up what this episode needed to succeed. I was really happy with how this one turned out. A few minor gripes was the silly car drifting, which is odd, because I like that sort of thing, but it felt just a little out of place here and the fact that this wasn't a mystery at all, but it was still excellent well crafted drama.
Starting up my next rewatch shortly, so I'll be using your guide. Thanks.
How on earth is she so unflappable? I mean, I've watched a lot of interviews with Conway, and she never falters for a second. It's like she anticipates what she's going to be asked and has an answer for anything that people ask her, no matter how insane of a thing that Trump did or said. It's remarkable in a really fucked up sort of way.
What's the difference then? They both use the media to express their opinions.
Or when all the Californians show up. Oh wait, they're already there.
According to Donald Trump, computers make our lives complicated and that it's difficult to verify this kind of hacking, so it's totally okay.
They freeze faster if you make them in the air -- then they plummet to the ground and shatter.
Sherlock Holmes is a palimpsest. There are literally thousands of interpretations of this character, many of which would not be recognizable by Doyle himself, but I find that a lot of Sherlock fans believe that this was the first time that Sherlock Holmes has ever appeared on screen before and that there is no more room for interpretation, especially one based in the US. They're obviously wrong, as the Elementary version of Holmes is very well done and carves its own unique niche of the character. That being said, I do enjoy both versions, but I have to say that Elementary might be more true to the roots of what Doyle originally wrote, as the show is a detective procedural, something BBC Sherlock has only managed to do a few times. I know Cumberbatch is really popular with fans, and I like the fact that he comes back and does the show, even though he doesn't have to and probably doesn't get paid much for doing it -- compared to what he's presumably making in Hollywood. Rumor has it that next week will probably be the last episode of BBC Sherlock in its current form, but you can bet that there's going to be another one just around the corner, which has been the history of this character since Doyle initially penned him.
Backpacking the Outback might be more arduous than your friend realizes.
Illyria and Dark Willow getting together and taking out Caleb would have been awesome. I know the timeline doesn't match up, but I don't care.
I hope you understand how difficult this is going to be for me, but I'm going to have to confiscate your truck to determine why it hasn't rusted to the ground. It's for science, I promise. I'll be there on Friday to pick it up!
Your acting on Farscape was unbelievably good, especially in scenes where you were losing your mind and starting to go crazy. How did you prepare for a scene like this? Wasn't it exhausting? Also, do you ever have nightmares about Harvey/Scorpius?
/r/automotivehacks
Is he still sitting on summer tires?
The most dangerous thing to do would be to underestimate Trump. It's a mistake we all made during the election, thinking that his campaign was a circus sideshow doing nothing more than tarnishing the image of the GOP, surely he'd never become president, so big deal right? Trump will never quit. Trump will never back down. Trump will stop at nothing because he's never had to and never will. I don't think this will bode well for the first amendment or our liberties in general.
Those are good points, but he's right on the cusp of being the most powerful person in the world. I think he wants a taste of that power.
Thank you for the proper Canadian title eh. Sorry.
I found him as a viewing buddy during my second watch of the show. I have to say, as a pretty normal straight white guy living in the Midwest, it was nice to see the Buffyverse through the eyes of somebody like Mark, who sees the world very differently than I do. His viewing of Farscape prompted me to watch that show a third time through, with him as a viewing companion as well. Now I need to watch Buffy and Farscape again!
Hey, some of us in flyover states aren't Trump voters/supporters. There aren't many of us though.
Minneapolis felt more liberal when I lived there than Chicago did. It's anecdotal evidence, but lots of people moved to Minneapolis from Chicago, because Minneapolis was less segregated. The times that I've been to Chicago, it was interesting, because everywhere you went it was like "oh yeah, that's the Polish part of Chicago, or that's where all the Italians live over there..." There are a few Hmong communities in Minneapolis where lots of them live near each other, but other than that, it's pretty open.
I made the mistake of moving to a state with beaches and a coast, but I chose Florida. Whoops. I *think* a flyover state might be better than that shithole.
You'd think so, and I'd like to agree to that logic of thinking, but even if we all lived in our own physical social bubbles, we'd still have to come together as a country and elect a congress and a president. Maybe gerrymandering would be less effective, but we'd still have very different ideas for governance and I'm sure elections would be very different from how they are today.
People on Twitter are speculating that Midco was hacked and that they had to pay a ransom to get back online. Midco isn't confirming this or denying it either.
Mine currently has a Japanese made 4 string BTB bass that they've been sitting on for at least 3 years. I can only describe the condition of the bass as poor to very well traveled. The neck is black with cigarette tar, the body clearly has marks on it from being dropped, yet they still want $550.00 for it. With no case. Seriously. Either they gave the guy who pawned it or sold it way too much money, or they think they're sitting on a goldmine. I do want it though, mostly to refurbish it and bring it back to playable condition. I offered them $250.00 cash for it, but the least they said they would take for it is $500.00! Unreal.
Their short lived show on IFC was pretty funny.
I don't believe it, but Midco hasn't given a reason for the outage either. That's something that they would normally do. Either way, my internets are back online, so I'm happy.
&gt; Jeff Porcaro That poor guy died while gardening. :(
There might have been more of a character arc for Oz if Seth Green hand't bailed on the show.
There's lots of room for innovation, just look at a player like Tosin Abasi, then read the comments from here or YouTube. "This is just wankery bullshit." "There's no soul to this, just a bunch of notes." "I could play this too if all I did was practice." Actually, the comments I just paraphrased are pretty friendly in comparison to what I actually see and read online -- which is frustrating. I like all sorts of playing, but there are many people who are convinced that if you're not playing a Strat through a Marshall then your playing is shit and you're a fucking wanker. So yeah, there are lots of innovative players out there, but you probably won't like their playing, no matter what their style is.
Is that the sound of the blades spinning so fast that they're breaking the sound barrier? It can happen with full sized prop planes.
When they were on tour in '91 they stayed at my friends house for a few days, as they didn't have any where to go and no money to get there. They went out to the Empire Mall a few times to meet girls and hung out at Fryn' Pan on 12th street. I was around at the time, but didn't think any thing of it, other than they were dirty and smelled bad.
Ha! I've seen your playing on Youtube before in this Dream Theater bass playthrough. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1pXS4zuEYM Nice playing on both songs.
The Spinal Tap movie came out in 1984 and Jeff Porcaro died in 1992. It's just a weird coincidence.
I'm more concerned that he's going to gut the first amendment.
The millennials in my IT department are capable of fixing computers, but not showing up for work on time. What's up with that millennials?
I haven't even cracked 100k in my '04 yet.
It's the same in other departments. They're all nice people and do decent work when they're in the office, but they're always 10 to 30 minutes late to work every single day.
The legitimate purpose for fog lights is for use during inclement weather, like snow and rain. Yellow bulbs give a higher contrast than the whiter colored bulbs from the headlights.
Or Nuno Bettencourt.
We just covered this subject the other day, so I'll repost what I said in there. Sherlock Holmes is a palimpsest. There are literally thousands of interpretations of this character, many of which would not be recognizable by Doyle himself, but I find that a lot of Sherlock fans believe that this was the first time that Sherlock Holmes has ever appeared on screen before and that there is no more room for interpretation, especially one based in the US. They're obviously wrong, as the Elementary version of Holmes is very well done and carves its own unique niche of the character. That being said, I do enjoy both versions, but I have to say that Elementary might be more true to the roots of what Doyle originally wrote, as the show is a detective procedural, something BBC Sherlock has only managed to do a few times. I know Cumberbatch is really popular with fans, and I like the fact that he comes back and does the show, even though he doesn't have to and probably doesn't get paid much for doing it -- compared to what he's presumably making in Hollywood. Rumor has it that next week will probably be the last episode of BBC Sherlock in its current form, but you can bet that there's going to be another one just around the corner, which has been the history of this character since Doyle initially penned him.
That happened to me as well.
Lots of their korma dishes have peanuts in them, but I don't know how they prepare their food -- it's something to consider though.
I'd say the Jeremy Brett version is loads different than Elementary. While the Brett version is by far my favorite version of Sherlock Holmes, Elementary is a realistic take on a 21st century version of the character. The show itself is quite consistent in how it's written, acted and directed. It's a procedural, which turns fans of BBC Sherlock off, but that's what the character has always been about -- solving mysteries through meticulous deduction and other procedures.
You're half way there to making a brick pattern! Your brick could really be a brick now. :P
The takeaway I got from season 4 is that women can't be as deductive and genius as men, without being a crazed bitch. Also, that airplane red herring was one of the dumbest mind palace concepts ever. Sherlock would have known that a plane even a few miles over the ocean wouldn't have had a cell phone signal and that once a non responsive airplane reached the coast the RAF would have shot it down. Basically the end of the show gave license for Sherlock and Watson to be the kinds of blokes that they want to be, now that any stupid women are out of their lives -- save for Mrs. Hudson.
I use MSR EVOs with the attachments. I've actually stopped and took them off while trudging through fresh powder and sunk past my knees in the snow. When I put them back on, I sank in about 6 inches, but was still able to move forward. I was almost impossible without my snowshoes on.
Probably heavily subsidized American cotton.
Do you wear a cap to cover your baldness?
It's the last show listed on their web page.
I'm not bald, and I don't wear baseball caps. It's just an observation when I notice bald guys taking off their caps.
Try Crow Peak. I liked their beers a lot until I became an insufferable Surly beer advocate.
Could you introduce some kind of WYSIWYG editor like a lot of VBulletin forums have? I've been on here a few years now and I still find the formatting markup to be extremely counterintuitive.
Would a drone going through the engine cause similar damage?
Haha. I remember reading these stories in the late 1990s.
These books are a life lesson of things to come, like mysterious things like a $5,000 closing fee on a house that's probably automated by computers. Enjoy your cheap books.
I like that idea better. While I like Leonardo Dicaprio as an actor, it always feels like he's a 40 year old teenager when he's on screen. I don't know why that is.
I was thinking Baltimore, but that's only because I've watched The Wire so much.
Try finding a used 4Runner with the 4.7 V8 that has less than 200k miles on it. It's impossible and I don't know how people put so many miles on these trucks.
Did you paint the spot where you are parked?
I didn't know people were doing that again. It's like neon underglow from the '90s, but with LEDs.
Filming in portrait mode kind of works here.
I don't think Cordy would have made it. Not sure if you have watched Angel or not.
A good example of this is the Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode Double Meat Palace. Basically Buffy has to get a fast food job to pay the bills and fast food sponsors of the show freaked out about it. It was one of the most controversial things the show had done. http://www.nytimes.com/2003/05/16/readersopinions/joss-whedon-2003051692624509740.html "The only thing that we’ve ever actually been stopped or asked to stop doing was the fast food run. When Buffy worked at the fast food joint it made the advertisers very twitchy. So apparently the most controversial thing we ever had on Buffy was a hamburger and chicken sandwich." - Joss Whedon.
Lot's of people that live in the country and other rural areas use these for spotting deer at night.
I bought a few cars from the codriver.
See most bro dozers.
A true unicorn! Also, people still want bigly money for the V8 4Runners, even when they have 200k miles on them. This one has 185k miles on it, and they want $11,450 for it! I still want one though. https://minneapolis.craigslist.org/dak/ctd/5957848451.html
The episode was a metaphor for life reaching rock bottom, which was working at a fast food joint slingin' burgers. The ingredients were also highly suspect, but I don't want to post any spoilers. Basically Burger King, or whatever company didn't want their product looking bad on TV.
The video has been taken down, due to a copyright infringement by WRC promoter. So, the FIA gets to control the narrative and have anything they don't see fit to be on YouTube taken down? Did anybody make these into a gif?
Here's a gif if the Youtube video gets taken down https://giphy.com/gifs/XF96s4g5o61hK
The very worst was Where the Wild Things Are.
Nearly ever used WRX or STI I see for sale has a salvaged title. What's up with that?
The other way around, but yes.
I've been a course marshall at Sno* Drift a half a dozen times and I can't tell you how many times crowds were unmanageable, mostly due to how drunk they were. Travis Pastrana had to cancel a hot stage a few years ago when snowmobile riders were trying to race him on the course. Unfucking believable.
Nobody except for Frontline scratched the surface of Trump during the election. We still don't know a whole lot about him, compared to what we knew about other presidents before they were sworn in.
I remember when the WRX first got to the US and now NASIOC was pretty much a torrent of people posting their wrecked WRXes.
The FIA needs to stop taking down videos of the crash off YouTube under bogus copyright infringement claims. People need to see the real dangers of spectating in non marshalled areas.
Sno* Drift seems to be the worst for some reason. I've been a marshal at Ojibwe and LSPR quite a few times and didn't have nearly the problems with crowds that I did with Sno* Drift. Spectator issues are obviously a global problem, but luckily there hasn't been a spectator death in the US at a stage rally since 2003 in Pennsylvania.
I've always been a marshal. I haven't been to a stage rally in a few years now, as life and work have been in the way.
I finally got my wife to watch it, and she loved it! I lent my whole box set of Buffy and Angel DVDs to a friend so she could watch it, but she hasn't yet, and she won't give them back to me. :(
Not as fun as Sherlock's insane sister. But seriously, if he's great at deduction, he would have known that in seconds. The whole thing was just a big red herring that went nowhere.
At an SCCA event. http://www.motorsport.com/scca/news/rally-fatal-accident-at-ski-sawmill-event/ SCCA got out of stage rally after that, which is when Rally America took over.
I bought a gorgeous Ibanez BTB 5 string bass, but I mostly play my shitty old basses, because I don't have to worry about scratching them or whatever. It gives you a different feeling of freedom when playing a clapped out old instrument.
I had fun bashing mine, even without chains. Looks good!
All of our vacations have been without kids, because we never had any, and it's glorious.
I'll always rock out with my raised white letters out.
They were expecting about 1000 people, but more than double that showed up. That's impressive numbers for such a conservative state.
Ah, the good old days when your insurance company would replace a cracked windshield. State Farm doesn't doesn't cover shit anymore.
The bottom one is how my friends all built their skateboard ramps to break their arms on.
How do I get a job in yachting industry where I get to hang out with cool beach pigs?
I still listen to Portrait Of An American Family. Love that album.
It was almost as boring as the Peter Jackson version of King Kong.
Not in most flyover states. We don't have vehicle inspections, emissions laws/compliance tests -- pretty much nothing. I guess that's good for deathtrap enthusiasts.
No officer, I wasn't speeding, I am using "alternative facts" speeds.
Didn't know who she was. Always appreciate a good bass player to follow, male or female.
Most virtuoso bass players know when to hold back when they're in another band. Billy Shehan can do all this wacky shit, but he also knows when to lay down a simple lick and lock in with the drummer.
Swiping your idea for discarded windshield wipers.
It doesn't really matter. As long as there is gerrymandering, republicans can continue to win the electoral college and lose the popular vote. This just annoys him because he wants the admiration of everybody.
You're talking about an entire brand, not just overpriced used WRX/STIs. The company has been on an upward trajectory for nearly a decade now, as they've made a seamless transition from selling freakish niche vehicles, to mainstream crossovers and sedans that the mainstream can't buy fast enough. As for the used WRX/STI market, it may eventually cool down a bit, just as the used muscle car market did, but as long as there are people willing to pay the prices people are asking for, prices will remain high.
Hey, I like rebuilding my IFS every 3 years or so.
Riki Lindhome was Cheryl on the episode Him. It was a total bit part, but I instantly recognized her as I'm a huge Garfunkel and Oates fan.
I don't mean me personally, I mean the press as a whole. Frontline had a good piece on Trump, much of which was about him personally, but I'm talking about the meat and potatoes of his business empire -- where his money is, who he owes money to. Not much of that is known, and probably never will be since he refuses to release his tax returns.
I'm scared of cops and dogs. I'm also scared of goals.
Well, there was certainly plenty of dirt on him from his own actions that didn't stick during the election. Every time he did something like, mocked a disabled reporter, saying "grab women by the pussy" on tape and the like, it didn't matter to supporters at all. I don't know what kind of information it would have taken to derail his campaign.
It's a really fun park. If you have some extra time and you're good with a map, take some of the back roads and enjoy the scenery and the prairie dog towns.
All these old dudes made me think there was going to be a lemon party.
I'm trying to figure out the time signature.
As a person, Riley is probably a better person than Xander, but Xander is a more interesting and better sorted out character.
Consumer level 3D printing is still in its infancy. Just imagine how good this equipment is going to be in a few years -- the possibilities are endless. I'm still working on my design in CAD, but I aim to get a printer in the next few months and start my own project.
If we only knew which companies he was invested in. He won't release his tax returns, because on the press cares about that.
Could you elaborate on the axle breather bit? I've got an '04 and I'm wondering if I should be doing something to it.
Riley was a plot device more than he was a fully fleshed out character.
I'd give her a solid 8.5 on the landing.
What does shot gunning a beer do?
Oh man, '90s alt rock sung by women, I love all of it! One of my favorite songs from this era is Whip-Smart by Liz Phair. Earworm warning: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAqPG1a0uz0
Innovation moves at a very slow pace in the music industry. It's not that there isn't room for it, but because musicians tend to be very conservative about equipment and fear that changing the color of turning pegs is going to change the tone of their guitar. There has been some innovation with regards to guitar shapes, especially in the early '80s when Steinberger headless guitars and basses took off. Even Eddie Van Halen played one for a few years, but he eventually went back to a more traditional guitar shape. Now you're seeing some innovation with regards to ergonomic styles and shapes. .strandberg* makes some extremely ergonomic guitar bodies, that many traditionalists scream bloody murder about when they see one. Personally, I love cutting edge designs and ideas, and I hope to one day own this beauty: http://i.imgur.com/C0i2SMl.jpg
One of my favorite Belly songs ever - Super Connected. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRWC5YueHnM
I had no idea there was a video for this song.
I don't think he's playing with a full can of worms.
Do hackers really cloak themselves in a hoodie when they're hacking the gibson? The news sure make it seem like they do.
My days would be so much better if I could walk around with kittens in my pocket. I'd be sure not to sit on them and everything.
I read the whole bible, then I became an atheist.
I saw that once on MTVs 120 minutes. What a great song.
My parents made me be a Christian, otherwise I couldn't live in their house.
Is that a Fiero GT wheel?
When Angelus snapped her neck, is when this show stamped its mark of greatness on me. As callus as that sounds, it's true, because the show was never the same after that. Buffy's indecision to kill Angel when she had the chance meant that there were true consequences for her actions -- which happened to other characters on the show as well. I loved it, and hated it at the same time.
Are you watching it in conjunction with Angel? Season 7 of Buffy pairs really well with season 4 as it balances both seasons out nicely.
Has anybody kept a running total of how many times he's spun out?
Charles Gunn from the TV show Angel has made a vehicle like this. http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/buffy/images/b/b8/Gunn's_truck.png More info: http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Gunn's_Truck
I had a customer with 4th gen Ford Explorer that had significant rear suspension issues, so bad that it had somehow tore out both rear brake lines. The customer didn't want to pony up for OEM rear control arms, nor did he want to pay to have new brake lines installed, so he said he would drive it 50 miles away to his farm in Iowa. The Explorer was completely undriveable, so I told him he wouldn't be able to drive it out of our service bay and that he would have to call a tow truck to get it out of our bay -- so that's exactly what he did. A flatbed shows up and loads the Explorer on the back, pulls it out into the parking lot 10 feet away unloads it, then the customer gets out and drives away in the squatting Explorer with no rear brakes whatsoever.
THAT MAZDA IS ON FIRE!
I volunteer at stage rally races in the US where Ken Block the owner of DC shoes used to race quite often. He always handed out discount coupons for DC shoes to course marshals and other volunteers. I'd go home and log onto the DC shoes website to try and find a jacket or shoes that I could get at cost, but I was never able find anything that didn't rate at a 10+ on the bro scale. I should have given the coupon to my nephews, who love their flatbills and energy drink stickers. Also, Ken Block was a really nice guy who would talk to anybody.
There are other races too. There's one in the summer at the Road America course. http://www.roadamerica.com/buy-tickets/continental-tire-road-race-showcase.html
The first season of Veronica Mars is absolute television perfection.
Going to races can be expensive, but you can do it on the cheap if you don't mind camping. https://www.roadamerica.com/camping-info.html
It's about a 6 hour drive for me, which is pretty short considering I've driven 15+ hours to go to rally races and F-1 races.
I made the customer pay for this tow, and sign a release form knowing that his vehicle is not safe for the road in the condition he had it towed out in.
Lots of flyover states don't have vehicle inspections. You can drive whatever you can put on the road.
This thing was nearly 20 years ahead of its time.
I tried to to find that book at Target in Canada, but it wasn't on the shelf.
There's lots of great endurance racing, even at the amateur level. I have friends who race WRC and Lemons. http://racewrl.com/
That engine would later serve duty in the Jaguar XJ220.
I thought by the title that it was a cue for a bunch of shitty trance music -- it wasn't! For whatever reason, I think natural sounds work so much better for these kinds of videos, as you can hear the terror in your voice and breathing as you're bombing down the trail. Well done man.
And hopefully another 100 hp (or more) to their engine package -- at least for their rallycross program.
This was probably in May or June. Yeah, it's that cold in Duluth Minnesota.
What's going on with Winona Beaver?
Looks like a little payback for the aggressive pass Taylor made. Also, did the pink PC car spin out during a cool down lap? What's that make, about 30 spinouts for the entire race?
I liked Jool. She was there as baseline of sanity, as John Crichton had pretty much lost his mind and we needed a character that was still relatively sane. Stark on the other hand was always insane, which was kind of annoying, but has its place.
Farscape and Buffy are the only shows that I can watch multiple times and get huge amounts of enjoyment out of each time. I also like that there are Buffy references on Farscape!
I gotta go here when you don't have to wait in a line for an hour to get onto a bus just to ride into the park.
The coldest temp in June in northern Minnesota in June was 15 F in Canby and 24 F in July in Tower MN. So yeah, I was in Duluth in August during one of the hottest days on record, so its safe to say that the weather up north can fluctuate wildly.
This looks safer than broomball. Broomball was fun, but I broke my nose when I fell down flat on my face on the ice.
I'm a pretty good faller actually. Feller? Fall guy? Good at falling? Anyway, I've learned how to manage the momentum of falling during a bike crash. I've mostly minimized damage to my arms and face by falling towards my back and rolling into a fall. With broomball, you don't have as many ways to manage your fall to the ice, as we didn't have any protective gear at all, so when you did take a spill on the ice, it was usually sudden and with a broom in your hand, which made the fall even less predictable and manageable.
This is Christianity showing its last great push back as it begins to fizzle out. Those on the outer margins will promote the crazy shit that Bannon is promoting here, while the rest of the world will continue its trend of not giving a shit about Christianity whatsoever.
I've often thought that The Onion should write their one and only real story about fake news.
They rarely leaked oil, but they sure burned or used a lot of it. Where'd it all go?
The twin cam engines went through crazy amounts of oil. I don't know if anybody ever figured out what caused it or not.
The relentless intensity is something that I really love and appreciate about the show. Yes, it can be a bit fatiguing at times, but it also sucks you in, as when you finish the series you miss it. I just finished my third viewing of it, but I kind of want to watch it again -- which I might do when I'm done with Buffy/Angel. I'm with you on keeping the series ended where it was. The story was great, and it would have to be really special to ever expand on the 'verse. Even though they crammed a full season into the Peacekeeper Wars, I thought they did a nice job of wrapping up all the story arcs and I'd like to see it left that way. Always glad to see another convert to this show. :)
Sauce be upon him.
I thought this was going to be a setup for an ice pun. Well done OP.
Ford? What about General Motors? Were it not for GM executives agreeing to build Opel Blitz trucks for the Nazis, then Germany wouldn't have been able to invade Europe and Russia. Here's a pretty in depth article about it: http://www.sfgate.com/opinion/article/Nazis-rode-to-war-on-GM-wheels-2659006.php
Who is Faith standing next to? It almost looks like Echo standing next to Alpha from the Dollhouse 'verse.
I've been bitten by dogs at least a half a dozen times over the years while riding a bike, I'm very afraid of dogs now. It was always my legs and ankles that took the hits, but I still hate people who don't keep their dogs on a leash. What was the scenario for you getting bit?
Every time I've been bit by a dog while cycling, it was always the same refrain "Oh man, he's never done anything like that before!" Maybe that's true, but your dog just took a good chunk out of my ankle thanks.
Sounds like they're going to play songs that they've never played live before.
They appear to be a lowrider truck couple. Apparently that's a thing.
I'm sure there will be some kind of heart rate monitor, pulse activity sensor or other kinds of sensors that would contact emergency services if the passenger became ill or died.
Diana has really weird lips. What's going on there?
This is why I have to wait a few months for the whole season to be finished, so I can stream it on Netflix.
The one flip-flip fell off. R.I.P. :(
It's a brilliant idea. Also much better than having Xander be an idle character for the last season -- his death could have really meant something, unlike the death of Spike, which felt kind of unremarkable knowing that he was going over to Angel.
There's a great BBC documentary about him that came out a few years ago. It's excellent. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIzApqzlP3Q&amp;
The girl or the dog?
The one pictured is a -25. I've seen myodisc lenses start at -15.00 -- the few times that I see them.
All I got was this: "Select your TV provider to watch live Syfy shows and to unlock full episodes." I don't have cable, which is why I went to your shitty website to watch the show. Guess I'll wait a few more months until it's on Netflix. Argh.
I'm liking their UCI mountain bike racing coverage too.
It also helps if you tuck in your tee shirt. Khaki cargo shorts, tan belt + black tucked in tee shirt = win. It helps if the tee shirt is your favorite prog rock band. If you want to go for the obscure, I'd suggest Spocks Beard or maybe even Earthwise.
Are I beams really that weak? How would a solid I beam be any weaker than a hollow tube front axle? Aren't these kinds of steer axles set up to handle 12,500 lbs of load? I'm not trying to be pedantic here, I've just never heard of anything like that before. The only thing I can think of is how low this style of I beam axle droops for engine packaging reasons, which might cause some clearance issues, but you'd think it would be pretty strong right?
Pretty much the same thing that happened to imageshack.
http://i.imgur.com/av66FuR.jpg
His fish origin makes sense when you watch Go Fish.
Why is it asking me to log in? What is this video about?
Haha. That last part is so damn true. I wonder what the correlation is there?
What did Dru do to earn her ensoulment? Was it ever explained in the comics?
I really wanted this "new" Tacoma to be my next truck, but the Camry derived V6 has to run at full boil all the time to make any torque, and it really isn't much of an update to be honest. The Colorado ZR-2 handily beat the Tacoma off-road, but this Wrangler pickup is going to mop the floor with the Tacoma and Colorado sales wise. So yeah, a 2 door JL Wrangler pickup will probably replace my '04 Tacoma which has served me very well -- unless Toyota can do something about their Tacoma in the next few years.
The first season of Veronica Mars was television perfection, totally stunning. Season two picked up on some of that steam, but started to slow down a bit and kind of got caught up in some clunky interpersonal relationship things -- which kind of bogged down most of season three. The Veronica/Logan pairing had good on screen chemistry, but realistically, it just doesn't make any sense. Veronica is too practical for a hot mess/fixer upper like Logan. It was a hindrance much of the time, and I couldn't see her sticking by somebody like him over and over again. Logan was an intriguing character, and a blast to watch, but felt a bit forced paired with Veronica sometimes. Mac and Wallace were kind of abandoned in the movie, which was a shame as they could have brought a lot to the table. Overall the movie was kind of a waste as it didn't really go anywhere, and I hated how Veronica had to swoop in and save Logan again and then ended up with him? I don't know, it just kind of fell a bit flat.
What's the leveling kit supposed to do? Is it just cosmetic?
I would have gone to visit this thing if he had actually made a boat that floats on water and had two of every single species on board. What he made was literally a facade that proved nothing, other than he's full of shit.
As an American, I use both Imperial and Metric for every day life and I'm fine with using both. The only thing I don't like about the metric system is speed and distance. It's not that there's anything wrong with it, but it just isn't as intuitive to me to figure out how long it will take me to get to a destination 560 kilometers away, travelling at 80 kph. It's like I have these predetermined segments built in my head to tell me how long that kind of trip would take in mph.
When I was driving through Canada a few years ago, I'd simply convert everything to imperial by looking down at my dash, as cars in North America have both mph and kph on the gauge cluster. It was somehow easier for me to convert everything to miles from meters, then I could figure out how long it would take me to get to my destination. I realize this is wholly impractical, and rather counterintuitive, but it somehow works in my brain. Also, Canada is just as weird as the UK when it comes to their measuring systems. Much of the time things were metric, but there were other times were it was both. "Yeah, so go down that highway for a few clicks, then you'll see this barn, so turn there and go down that road a few miles, where you'll see a lake a few miles off to your left, drive another few k, then you'll see the airport hanger on your right." "Fill up before you get there, as the price per gallon goes up the farther out you are." Fuel was sold by the liter, but at the airport, airplane fuel was sold in UK gallons!
It's always tomorrow in Australia. That's gotta be weird.
Same here! After seeing how good Prong and Testament were live, I don't think I'll ever want to see Metallica and their slopfest live ever again.
I learned Photoshop in college in 1996, so yeah, it was around back then. I learned on 4.0!
It's a niche vehicle that's supposed to look futuristic. I don't think its aesthetics are visually appealing, but apparently buyers for this kind of vehicle don't care.
They were essentially farm vehicles, complete with an optional PTO. They also served as light duty fire trucks, ambulances and other service vehicles.
Toyota certainly had the pace, just not the reliability. As usual, the GT classes provided some of the best racing of the series. A good race overall though.
He's endorsed by CoverGirl cosmetics? EDIT: now there's a notice in the middle of the page that says the story might be false. Hmm.
I don't really hang out with many people. I'm kind of going by YouTube comments, which might be a worse metric in determining musical feedback than listening to friends' talk about their musical interests.
Lots of people working in fast food these days are adults, as many teenagers are too busy with extracurricular activities to hold down a part time burger flippin' job.
If Bob Lutz could have had it his way, it would have rolled out of the factory like this. The guy loves him some huge rimz.
Holy shit. That was an amazing and well thought out reply. I should have owned this post, but I didn't think I was going to get a proper response, so I deleted myself as the OP. To put things in a historical perspective makes a lot sense, and it helps me to understand why some people may not have an appreciation for musical virtuosity and how our musical tastes could change collectively. Thanks again for your excellent reply, I really learned a lot today.
I don't know about that. Eliza was playing Echo, and whatever character she was imprinted with, along with Caroline Farrell also creeping out. It's not like she could have a consistent character, when she was never really a character -- if that makes sense. They're both incredibly gifted actors, but SMG does have a lot of range. I even liked her comedy chops in Beer Bad.
Tell the X5 owner to get rid of those shitty Chinese Land Sail tires.
I haven't had a chance to see any of season 3 yet, so this is great news.
I'll be sure to stay out of abandoned buildings the next time I go back to Moab. Wow.
The fuzzy Willow sweater is a nice touch.
The potentials were the most important part of season 7. I loved the cold intro of them being chased through cities and killed with no explanation. As they began to make their way to Sunnydale, things got a little clunky and never really recover -- which is really unfortunate as I think it's one of the most powerful messages of the entire series.
I still buy CDs. I buy them so I can rip them to whatever format I want, and put them on SD card on my phone and whatever other devices I want. This also gives me a hard copy of the original, and I have a CD player in my truck, so I get multiple uses out of one CD.
Happened to me while driving through the Colorado Rockies last year. When it happened, I thought something blew up in my truck, so I pulled over to the side of the highway and checked out everything that I could. All the tires were fine, including the spare tire, nothing under the hood had popped(?) so I dug through the cabin, only to find a bag of chips had exploded all over the back of the truck. It was pretty funny, but it still scared the hell out of me.
I like this idea too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xljWvl4tg1k
He should have leaned back a bit more and applied the brake to the rear wheel after leaving the ramp. Gyroscopic force from the spinning rear wheel from the throttle being applied whilst airborne is what caused the rear of the bike to flip. Motocross riders routinely make these kinds of corrections while airborne through the application of brake or throttle to the bike. EDIT: as others pointed out, I got this backwards. Sorry.
41st and Louise Ave is total shitshow, but as others have pointed out there are lots of great bad examples of poor traffic engineering in Sioux Falls. What Sioux Falls really needs is an expressway like what Omaha did with Dodge Street. For Sioux Falls to do this, it'd have to be 26th street. It could probably be done with either a double decker roadway, or a massive widening of the road from where it bottlenecks by 229 by South Yeager Road. Doing so would cause the loss of hundreds of homes along the corridor, so I don't see that happening to folks living in the McKennan Park neighborhood. So yeah, Sioux Falls has some serious growing pains, and nobody has yet do do anything about it, nor do they plan on doing anything significant about it in the future.
