That makes the grinner.. Interesting.
No. You should give the prosecutors those things. -SMACK- -KABOOM-
To switch warframes (tenno, from what you written), you must craft the warframe using it's component blueprints dropped by a boss. You can also purchase a warframe from the market for platinum, the premium currency of warframe. Also, don't worry about mag, she's fine.
&gt; A: This is called a polarity, weapons and warframes can come with slots with these same signs on them, if you put a mod in a slot with matching polarity then it only takes up half as much mod capacity, if you mismatch them then the mod will take up twice as much mod capacity. Correction: They take 20% more space if you mismatch a polarity.
Tips: * If you can get your hands on effiency mods, like streamline and a rank 4 fleeting expertise, use those and forget duration, as duration only effects the interval at which energy drains. * In case, always make energy restores, because if you don't have essential mods, finding energy can be a bit hard. I suggest medium, which can be obtained from a clan dojo's energy lab (has the jackal boss in it). * Try to be the damage absorber of the team if you are in one, but don't hesitate moving away if you're not in hysteria.
Oculysts have 0.0x damage multiplier and don't damage you. They are there to be scanned and scan things or scan you and call in a battle squad.
Lua, Earth is generally agreed to be the best location to farm T2 keys. Triton, Neptune can drop T2's too, but you'd rather go for the easier one.
This can't be real.
Shoot me a PM in reddit, and I'll assist you by tomarrow. (Sleepy time)
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY.
That sadly is not the case. Maxing it would bring it to 8m, as OP just converted meters to feet.
Are you able to provide where the colors go? (The UI showing the color selection)
If you have loki/ivara (preferrably ivara, as your slow speeds gives time for spawns), do a ceres deception mission and just get that 500% multiplier and always keep it up while murdering everything in a room. Clear a room, go to next, go back to first room or another, repeat.
The defense mission tile on Uranus has a unique feature and that it rotates around several different pods located around the tile. The interval is different with each mission, but following /u/doomsdayforte's advice of looking at the objective marker once a wave is completed is what I would do.
I want fanged fusilade so bad.. How much forma does this take, by the way?
I've knew this for an eternity, as just stuck with dervish all the time. The only reason I'd want revenant is because the stance moves look cool.
Why would they be less happy when their life is restored?
The secret is revealed! ^^^^^Plz ^^^^^no ^^^^^spam.
I found this a long time ago, but procrastinated to post it. Using the artemis bow makes the unique animation to notify you what the arrows are going to shoot in. Once you uncast, I think the game still thinks you're holding artemis bow, and still does the unique animation. This only applies to bows, of course. It sucks, but the dread or other non-bulky bows don't cover as much as the paris prime does.
Plastids. Currently at this phase where mastery is all that matters, so crafting a ton of weapons is a huge investment, and plastids are the bane of me.
The crouching one is intentional, as you can't hold it the same way as you're standing.
No worries, I can give one.
I'm sorry. If you have you time, I'll give it tomorrow.
I only recently just saw this. I did two 2000 cryotic missions today to get the sufficient cryotic for trinity prime systems. Other than that, you can disreguard my data if they are too vague or inaccurate. I have plans for today to do more of these runs. Hieracon, Pluto: Time: 31:46; Frames: Equinox, Equinox, Vauban; Excavators Destroyed: 1 Tactics: Did a camping style mission, activating no more than two excavators at a time. Hieracon Pluto: Time:30:22; Frames: Vauban, Frost, Equinox; Excavators Destroyed: 0 Tactics: Camp style play with Vauban and frost, activated only one excavator at a time.
Pretty sure you can see sorties before mastery rank four.
Although that may make it out of whack, as the description for polymer bundles said it was a corpus design.
11/10 because clem.
It uses melee mods too, doesn't it?
School, plz. (\._.(\
Surprisingly, xbox has almost no people playing triton. It's mostly hieracon getting played.
She currently doesn't have augments yet, since she was released very recently. Red Veil is probably going to be your best bet when it comes to syndicates as they have bow-type weapons. I heard the Synoid Simulor, the weapon from Cephalon Suda, works well with Ivara's navigator. You should also note that the Rakta Cernos and Synoid Simulor require mastery rank 12 to use.
Not sure how it is on PC, but xbone just has loud and obnoxious people once a while. Unless you're above mastery rank, you'll have a lot of doubts.
They're arguably the most powerful hitsquad out of the syndicates. Don't worry, though, as they come just every once and a long while.
That's correct.
Not sure where the first original source came from, many others and myself came up with it, but color schemes are just dependant on the first of a gender pair. Since the previous data shows that every gender pair has a black and a white.
Some corrections: 1. Gnathos is a Corpus spy with, Corpus of course. 2. There are no grineer spy missions with infested. 3. Cyath, Eris is a corpus spy layout with infested.
Nekros Terrify Augment, Tennogen on Consoles with platinum, PCGamer may be at TennoCon.
Oh hey, /u/foxboy93 's video. I fucking love it.
Not talking about you in specifically, but more or less the whole fucking sub uses PSA for things on the level of stupid as "clicking the play button launches warframe."
I'd argue it should be expanded. Perhaps not to a degree that I just mentioned, but in a more narrower degree. As said before, I can't take it seriously for anything having a tag of PSA. It's only in this subreddit as well.
Perhaps I am childish. I have been ignoring such, but seeing as it is the only subreddit I've seen have this, I decided to speak out.
I am confused?
&gt; Cephalon Me-La-Suda ("I don't give a fuck" in Spanish) This gives me more reason to stay with Suda for some damn reason.
References all over the place.
&gt; Also side question, been trying to hold off on investing money into this til I figured if it better to play on Xbox one or on PC ( which I'll be building in a few months), any recommendation? I'd personally say to play on both. I found that playing different platforms adds more spice to it, otherwise, pros and cons are: #Xbox **Pros**: Easily predictable upcoming changes. It's xbox, so you can play with the friends that you already have there. Subjective, but easier to preform mobilty tasks. Less buggier build. **Cons**: Raid-type missions can be extremely laggy. Lengthy time to catch up with PC. Smaller community population that is slightly more aggresive than PC's. #PC **Pros**: First to experience new content. If PC is built right, better proformance overall. Aiming is easier. Larger community population this is very friendly (don't get me wrong, xbox is too). Frequent updates, the update rate is weekly. **Cons**: Buggier build overall, seeing as DE's beta testers is the PC. Slightly harder to move (personal experience).
The Globe is in a nice spot already, no need to buff it.
I decided to ask Bliznub to post this here, and was allowed to do so. I wanted to post it here because I share a similar concern when it comes to build diversity (which DE is aware of such). I also wanted to know everyone else's opinion as well.
I had two Kubrow eggs before, I bought them, though.
I assume it would, but using the Vectis would save a slot for more damage would be a better bet.
Many players, including myself, and likely you will have to build their melee weapons to preform sortie missions without failing the mission. The combo is extremely useful in killing enemies to prevent mission failure. The BR + BC, is of course, not required. The problem is that even using that combo is not diverse, since the optimal build for non BR + BC is just slightly more diverse (1 more open slot). It's just this that is the big one that restricts build diversity to the maximum.
&gt; ~~him~~ her DE didn't really think this through, since Rathuum is borderline fustrating for the level Kela is at.
Fire rate does not affect Peacemaker, so no. I don't myself, but precision works, I believe?
Quick! Hide the evidence!
If it doesn't work, it doesn't or it's bugged. Power Strength has no effect.
I didn't even notice this. The orange button was as obvious as a neon pink light in a pitch black room.
There already is one.
It's 18.13.X, With Rathuum, nerfs, and reworks.
Chroma, Limbo, Mirage, Inaros, and Atlas. To be honest, you shouldn't sell a single warframe unless you have the prime version.
It depends on usefulness and rarity. Things like primed mods (forget slip magazine), and multishot mods are good to keep.
Corrosive is basically the element required for anything. Blast isn't really.
Ah. I just took a few seconds to find it out and never bothered.
The Stradavar is MR8, so by the time you established a good weapon.
Coincidence? I think not.
Yeah. So much potential platinum I lost due to people not know this. ^^^Also, ^^^thanks ^^^for ^^^not ^^^using ^^^PSA.
Frame/Archwing ability kills is 100% toward the Frame/Archwing.
You might fall off somewhere in the 100's level. Because bypassing armor is just not enough.
/r/Wartrade
What would be the advantage of leveling multiple syndicates when you can focus on two? (Leveling one aggresively while the other allied one is gained passively)
You also didn't specify platform.
&gt; all 3 pieces in 3 runs. Now for the 3 day wait for him to be done. That's it, you're coming with us to farm in the void (and use your luck to get me an Ash blueprint..).
Slots, slots, slots, and slots. Oh, and Vauban. ^^With ^^a ^^hint ^^of ^^fashionframe ^^(cosmetics)
You might've missed my edit, by the regular Vauban Warframe should save you trouble as well.
Try to get at a decent level for all of your mods (except things like damage resistance mods) to use. Do not rank your damaged mods either.
..shit.
The game is not in beta. DE can say all they want, but having a game released for three years with a sustained trading economy and high quality content is not beta anymore. It's likely beta to be an excuse if they fuck up on some things. This doesn't stop DE from having the game change constantly, however.
[Replace](http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mejnpu26Rm1rqfhi2o1_500.gif) you with me.
&gt; insert here a joke about consoles and low fps Ours consoles don't get this low unless it's a raid, and that happens very rarely. The best part was that he is on PC.
You think DE would give up on their cash cow?!^^/s
You got it all wrong, it's because the 'derelict' doesn't exist. The handles can't drop anywhere because of that. ^/s
7-20 oxium. Nitain can be farmed in ship sabotage missions as well, but is unreliable.
Don't forget that grineer vaults are Ivara's bane if it has an arc trap.
1. Tesla Replacement is fine with me. The ability will never be good and will simply be a stationary Volt shock if it had higher status chance, but how would the augment be replaced? 2. The idea would not really work. DE wants to have it so it can be friendly across all platforms, and the controller is already filled to the brim of controls. The inverted control (tap to throw, hold to change) would work much better. You also forgot about the mines themselves. Bounce should have the ragdoll effect of Shred for enemies, while tripled velocity and height for players. Trip laser is an okay ability, but perhaps extended duration to improve upon it. Shred's ragdoll needs to be removed, however, since it is counter-intuitive. Increase the effect duration to around 10 seconds, and increase the armor reduction's base to 60%. Concuss is a perfect ability as is. The mines should be able to activate immediately upon impact on an enemy is something that I can agree. 3. To be honest, Vauban doesn't really fit a turret theme (something else can be better for that), however a Drone Swarm that has some unique mechanic can work on Vauban if an ability should be replaced (which should be Vortex, really).
Although DE may think differently, I personally would like to keep the game as consistent as possible across all platforms. Even then, for many multiplatformers like myself, it would be weird to go from one such control to another because a system has more control buttons to use. Keeping it consistent across platforms saves effort for the developer and the player.
Even then, what is the problem is having the same control as a console from a PC view?
What happens if someone doesn't like that as a console player? I know PC has more advantages just due to how PC naturally is, but making it so we get the short end of the stick isn't something that should happen. Don't get me wrong, a second hotkey is not something I'm against, but you have to think about the big picture.
I fully understand the original suggestion, but I feel like they should be the same across platforms because giving us the short-end of the stick is just plain terrible seeing how it is already. If you wanted a compromise, make it so the settings can modify it for all I care.
&gt; Who buys boosters? **Not veterans**,and certainly not new players. I'm unsure where you got this information, since I buy boosters all the time. Even then, the suggested boosters are powerful as fuck. Like removing caps is just insane and getting to two possible drops from a mission with the same amount of time is just terrible design.
Lemme try to find which Synthesis entry it is and I'll show you what Ancients are.
Yes, as long as you have the planet.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
Instantly puts the player to the revive screen.
You're testing it by multiplying from the base shields (not the rank 30 value), right? Because that might be it.
I am now curious if I should buy this or Vauban accessory pack. I have no idea if Targis Prime is PBR'd.
Some lore to spice it up, but then you have a trade market and shit.
It says it right there..?
Probably U19?
XB1 will have it June 10th as well. You beat me, by the way.
I use 8 out of 13.
Ivara.
With the augment, crit chance means nothing since the critical chance cannot exceed 100%. Meaning you build for attack speed, crit damage, and everything else is damage. Shadow Debt mods do not affect Primal Fury.
It was always like that.
I don't recall the patch, but if that is a bug, then they likely didn't transfer the bug to the console build anyway if it was the 18.13 patch.
&gt; Shirne
Nothing is wrong. The market discount only applies for one non-bundled purchase only. I believed I misinterpreted the question, but if that's the answer, there it is. Did you use the second button to purchase with the discount? If you don't you will be charged full platinum price.
&gt; Rift Torrent for Limbo How would you build Limbo around this?
Try something like: 40%/50%/70%/80%
To be honest, those are deserved on your end. Not really what I'd say here or the forums. However, 'devbashing' on the otherhand..
I know it is, but what the you provided as evidence is not something I would post here or the forums. It's just plain rude.
It doesn't give damage to the weapon, since there is no damage to multiply, but I believe it gives the status procs from what I've heard a few months ago. That could've been a bug and probably is patch by now if it is so.
Thank you!
&gt; Okay, but what does devbashing have to to with the post? Nobody here mentioned or said anything involving devbashing, so I'm just confused about this part. There is nothing related to devbashing to this post. I brought it up since that is an actual thing that is ridiculous in the forums. I don't know how you would call someone a gorilla in a different, non-offensive way, but I'll leave you to your own opinion. And yes, while it doesn't offend me or you, I definitely know some people who would be offended by being called such, since it's usage can be interpreted as racist. I'm not really hating on him, I'm just supporting the fact that the warning points issued were valid and that it's not as ridiculous as other forum warnings such as devbashing, which was brought up in the first place.
You use the bot's link to stop spam :P. It says "X others have clicked this link."
I sent you a message on xbox.
Holy shit, it's all over the place. I'm dying..
I swore it didn't a few months ago. Though, that's fucking weird in a sense of logic, but screw it.
There's a notice at the top of the subreddit..
Then someone makes a ~~goat~~ donkey emblem to have someone say 'Nice Ass.'
Well shit.
While I can't give it to you today, I can give you one for free if you don't mind waiting.
Absolutely scannable.
So you're saying we can do [this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=db5rRtOExbA) to the grineer? I approve!
Are your regions far away? That can have some problems.
If you don't like an idea, you could at least make an effort to give feedback as to why you don't like it. 'Hysteria for Ash? Nah' isn't really too helpful so I can make adjustments. The only thing I could really get out of it is that it has a similar invincibility feeling, so I brought the resistance down all the way to 60%. It's a mode that draws agro, allows for finishers despite enemy status, while providing some resistance as a counter measure. At the cost is restricted movement, and high energy cost.
Was sleepy, going to delete it and repost it in a more detailed way.
What about it? If you touch the enemy with the actual blade, you'll be doing double the damage it was previously. I don't know how else you can mod him. ^^Edit: without going into the meta.
Not really what I am saying. Typically, you only use the waves to damage enemies before the nerf, but the nerf encourages you to get close. When you are close, the actual blade does damage, combined with the wave damage, it's essentially doubling your damage output at the risk of being close to units.
By choosing to use the meta to make a mission smoother, you're making it boring for yourself and there is no one to blame. It removes any fun of challenge and turns it into a waiting game--how interception was before the Mirage nerf. It's a players fault that they don't have freedom. They have no skill and just turn a mission into an automated borefest. Players are allowed full freedom, the mod system allows it, the starchart does, the frames they play. It's just simply how they choose to go along on their freedom. I believe Damage 3.0 is going to fix it as well, but the game in certainly not balanced around the meta.
If T3 Interception existed, though..
In it's current state, yes. However, I have faith in DE that they can fix their shit if it will drop in Archwing.
Chroma is Technically Correct Man.
&gt; ~~sometimes~~ always.
Anything, as long as it contains primed stretch.
Anything, as long as it contains primed stretch.
Anything, as long as it contains primed stretch.
*Lawsuits intensifies*
Anything, just as long as primed stretch exists.
Your starter platinum and any purchased platinum that says so beforehand is not tradable.
^^F
Not the boob helmet.
I have a feeling THAT post made Space Church happen.
The rift's color is very unnoticable with energy colors, only seeing a very^^very faint tint of the color selected.
I can't find it right now (sleep), but it is in the more recent prime times.
Perfectly said.
5*, a level 85 one was added.
'Tenno, you're having too much fun.'
The reason I said it's highly likely is the fact that I believe the original intent of alternating schedules is to keep the salt of Baro's stock away from the devstreams. I would assume DE would like to keep that.
Done. https://deathsnacks.com/wfxb1/
Using the windows 10 xbox app, you can stream your xbox to your PC/Laptop.
Ah. Someone will find it. Because I forgot where it is.
I don't really think it is a bug. If you have negative capacity it turns off some mods to compensate (You have radiation instead of corrosive and heat).
The ancients' auras can fuck with you, since they can go through walls.
Yeah, don't be too hopeful. I'm always assuming it's War Within, but earlier is a pleasant surprise.
I can't even read this.
They are converted into projections.
Found it when re-watching the devstream. https://youtu.be/PP_Zk8aU2Xc?t=46m38s /u/daoneandonly747
&gt; I already beat her once and I didn't get anything I have Uranus, but I didn't get a single nav segment besides that.
^^^^^^^^^Nothing ^^^^^^^^^to ^^^^^^^^^see ^^^^^^^^^here.
There's no h.. ^^^you ^^^stole ^^^my ^^^line ^^^/u/Personaer.
29 days. Because console and missed 4 days.
Use the reply button to make it more clear to who you're talking to. Else it's really weird.
&gt; Though... getting everything required to make it would be a major pain in the ass.
Why is this marked as NSFW?
Rebecca is most notable for viewing and posting on the subreddit, but Rebecca confirmed in a PC Gamer Stream that all of DE has their reddit tab open.
Heykkas need to be tanky low damagers. Give a shitty unranked tonkor instead.
You're welcome.
I already redeemed one, but you (and everyone else before this) are really kind to give these away.
What exactly do you mean by scamming? The game's trading system is as scam-proof as possible as it is.
I'm gonna assume you're using an Atomos? You should use something that suits the Peacemaker, such as the Lex Prime, seeing as the Peacemaker is a critical based weapon. The Lex Prime uses the same exact modding of a Peacemaker's optimal build, so it's a nice bonus either way. You'd use: Hornet Strike, Lethal Torrent, Barrel Diffusion, (Primed) Pistol Gambit, (Primed) Target Cracker, Elemental (combined), Elemental (combined), Elemental (single, so something like heat or cold).
With that in mind, your build is basically mine. Some tweaks: Drop Narrow Minded and Coaction Drift for Vitality and Stretch. It becomes mine exactly, but I find that sacrificing too much range for that much duration can be put off for more range, seeing as Shooting Gallery is another way to keep you alive (affected by range). Though, don't take mine for granted, I had Mesa for less than a week, but it works for me rather nicely.
https://github.com/VoiDGlitch/WarframeData/blob/master/Languages.txt Control + F, Umbra.
I honestly tried remember to remember Regulators, hut I couldn't.
Y̢O͒ͦŮ̱̳ͫ ҉̀Č̦̎Ä́ͪNN͎̿O̜ͮ͑͡T͘ ͍̈͝N̉̈ͣ̀̄E̙͕͇ͧͮR̡̤̿̊F̅͢ ̡̀̕̕C̗̣̰̭͞ÕRR̸͉ͮ̕ͅỦ̅̔̊Ṗ̙̟̖͒TÈ̥͋ͣḌ͜͜͏͛ ̍ͫV̻̏ͣ͑͛O̢͋̈̽͝R̞ͯ̇
Latrob Prime, Secura Penta, and Obex.
Not exactly the same, but Mesa's Shooting Gallery renders gunned units to unarmed people on the battlefield. Shooting Gallery basically turns them into 90% jammed, 10% shooting.
&gt; Woah, there's so many! I laughed at this. If you thought that was a lot, then you better run.
There goes everyone's energy pads.
&gt; Have you completed the Second Dream? If you didn't, Akkad, Eris.
Inb4 DE posts a TIFU in /r/tifu.
¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
EV was unaffected whatsoever, so you can use that with no change. Bless, however needs 150% powerstrength instead of 125(130)% power strength due to the cap. Otherwise, when that's done, just build for duration when your 150% strength is there. Range means nothing, but pop some efficiency if you need it.
&gt; The prime stuff (slots included) end up around £4, meaning most of the money spent actually goes towards the plat. I'm sorry. But DE why.
Just wait for the resident dataminer to do his Magic. Whenever he can.
Oh yeah, haven't played too much with the reworked warframes on consoles. We currently don't have that type of trinity PC has on console, but we will have it next update Realizing that, currently it's just 130% strength, some efficiency, and all duration until next update (Lunaro). Just follow what I said in the original post when it's live.
Fuck me. I was not expecting that ever when I clicked that.
I only view the warframe family, /r/tifu, /r/xboxone, and /r/theydidthemath. Gonewild is not what it seems to me.
If you are having a hard time figuring what some warframe slangs/abbreviations are, [this](http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/Glossary) should help a lot.
Am not a smart person.
A mixed message is being sent to us, saying that Part II will be delayed by a few weeks but today were revealed with news about Part II of U19.
I've been playing for 7 months now and I'm still here to reach my goal that I had from the begining while having fun. I always enjoyed getting a new warframe, since I always spend at lesast a week expirementing with it for as long as my peak interest goes, and revisit them when I get bored. This has kept me hooked for a while ever since getting the syndicate primaries and will keep me hooked for a good 6 months at least while the game continues to update. Beyond that is something I'll figure out myself.
Assmunch intrigues me.
This is the only reason.
Shhh, it's space logic.
If you're going to suggest something, at least be in more detail. Drop from what?
Nopenopenope get out suggestion, I need forma but not in a diluted way, but I'll take the diluted.
That isn't what I am asking. I know what purple drops are, but where the hell are the drops going to drop from?
Why do you give a fuck to downvotes. And no, I didn't give a downvote.
Yes, I know it isn't explained. However, it is easily assumed it is a percent.
It is.
I feel like Banish and Rift Walk should just merged into each other and be activated via hold. They are essentially the same and merging it means another spot for another ability.
I'm gonna have to have a shot glass in a shot glass in a shot glass.
Mirage and Mesa, ~~first two for Mirage~~ 1 and 3 from Mirage, last two fom Mesa.
80 at the most for a set.
The method behind using Ivara to solo interception missions.
Always, if I am not mistaken. Just has no purpose.
You aren't. I started actually playing a week ago and if you have a good amount of experience it won't take long to get to about your level on console. Even better to do so because of what /u/Blissful_Altruism said, some updates are coming out pretty soon and it's best experienced fresh off the oven.
Only thing that I question is what damage does it give. Does it give damage based on the weapon's current spread?
There is no correct way to play survival. There may or may not be the most efficient way to do a survival mission, but there is no correct way whatsoever. The key owner has the ability to set a rule for how they're playing as it is just an unspoken rule that seems to get into about nearly everyone. If (s)he doesn't want to play a certain way, they don't and the team will usually abide. Not the higher mastery rank.
You also have the fact that the game is practically made for multiplayer.
I think lower mastery ≈ higher mastery is more appropriate. Just because we have some mastery elitists in the game doesn't mean I should trust the lower ones more often.
Unless I'm missing something out (as in an actual conversation, but I am thinking it isn't), why does the specter's voice sound so inconsistent as you get louder? Not to make fun of your voice but it gets really inconsistent as you get louder in the video.
If you have Volt Prime and the colors, you can display the colors yourself when you select the helmet.
The joke doesn't come to me.
Huh, I suspected it would be you.
Oh. I read that wrong.
They're a quest reward and cannot be re-obtained.
Get away from my Ordis.
She is current vaulted (unobtainable) meaning that the supply is completely cut-off.
Makes me wonder why the Kela profile picture has been there so long.
For a melee, definetely the Redeemer. It's actually the most powerful shotgun in the game, but more shotguns = better. For a secondary, things like the Atomos, Akstilleto Prime (if you have a lot of plat, money, or time to grind), or Staticor are exceptional secondaries. Lex Prime is a cheap high-damage pocket sniper, though. Vauban can accomplish a lot of tasks in the game when it comes to the void. I'd get the prime but only if you have the resources or money to get him. His chasis has a ridiculously high oxium requirement.
In addition, can we have a 'recently chatted with' or something?
Find something purchasable with platinum you want to gift and press the gift box when you click on the item.
If you sleep how do you make money?
Then you realize that one random person in Tenno-con will recieve 100,000 platinum.
Still not worth spending the grand on it. It's useful, but not $1000 useful.
Of course. If it was tradable, then Warframe's trading economy just broke.
Foxboy coined it.
Heh, I don't mind having to cap it or something. Can you manage to find a link? And out of curiosity, do you get something like 60fps in the liset, too?
I really think Dakra Prime is in most need. You just have an inferior weapon to something that can be obtained for free. Perhaps change Dakra into a slow, crit based sword? Little insane, but lower it's damage to 50 (4I, 4P, 42S), increase it's critical stats to 30% and 2.0x, and lower the attack speed to .750 (maybe .800). It's a wild idea, but changing it to play completely differently from B-War is something I want. ~~As for Boar Prime, I would increase it's damage to 200 (125I, 35P, 40S), reduce it's reload time to 2 seconds, increase pellets to 10, increase status to 35%, and reduce it's fire-rate to 4.0.~~ ~~I only played with just regular Boar so it may or may not be out of wack.~~ Actually, I'll take /u/TheSnowglobeFromHell's credit, since this is better and not overly complicated. &gt; Undo the nerfs that were done to Boar Prime during the 'shotgun buffs' update: Restore it's old base damage and status chance. And well, increase the magazine capacity to 25.
If you can RJ in Draco, you can cap your focus with a normal lens in 2-3 runs easily (I think this is with a affinity booster, according to the RJ I asked).
I don't really know how to read computer specs efficiently to know the power behind them but I did find [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00OOD0IHE/sr=8-2/qid=1467044767/ref=olp_product_details?_encoding=UTF8&amp;me=&amp;qid=1467044767&amp;sr=8-2). Would you say it's a good one to get if I get the used one? Otherwise, depending on your opinion I'll go to that subreddit and see if I can manage.
I found a better subreddit at /r/buildmeapc, so hopefully that's better because I have extremely little knowledge in building a PC.
Trust me, I've bought plenty. Anyways, thank you for providing me with a build. Going to order it soon when I can.
The Truth just makes it escape being a band-aid mod by that close. Even then, I'm not really interested in having such a mod.
I came in when this post was 3 minutes old :P.
To be honest, you should probably add a copy-over for anything requiring you to go to the forums for easier conveinence.
What do you mean, that is the same fucking thing. Also, happy cake day.
They haven't really done any of the past reworks to be honest.
Yes, so you know now.
Excalibur is already rule 63'd in the game.
[Insert Shitty Redtext](http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/259337077210814385/C06F0146D3269DFA599A16410E688F86EEA9CF2F/).
https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/4qaxp0/mag_prime_dakra_prime_boar_prime_drop_locations/ VoiD_Glitch is still datamining it currently, I assume he'll post it when it is mined, but look in GitHub.com/VoiDGlitch
This is PSA worthy.
&gt; Mag BP: T4 Survival Rot C Much better.
To be honest, nullifiers are fine in my book. What grinds my gears is the fact that they spawn in arctic eximi and spawn in high frequencies.
Yes, it has been for a while.
I would assume you lost your votes from the majority, just repost it.
The passive way of reacting when you fuck up on a big-ish level.
Really, I want to see if the game marked me for inactivity. Anyways, you have to move and/or shoot to be considered active by the game. Casting abilities doesn't count you off as being inactive.
It depends how much you moved. You have to move a certain threshold every two minutes to be consider by the game as active.
I was that close from buying a Mag blueprint because I want to get Boar and Dakra too.
^^^Prepares ^^^for ^^^downvotes. For me, I've ~~hated~~ disliked the Twin Grakatas for a while. It sounds extremely annoying and I've hated the ridiculous ammo economy, even with pistol mutation. And yes, I know that the SGammacor has a ridiculous economy, but it isn't as bad as the Twin Grakata. Edit: Hate is a strong word.
Don't get one is my advice, but if you insist, Saryn is the more difficult one.
Would it hurt to ask to do the same exact thing with every prime frame (if possible, and no shit excluding Excal) + Ivara and Oberon?
Correct.
To be honest, I wouldn't go there myself unless I have an idea that. i really want to get out to DE. Otherwise, DE inputs too much censorship for it to be useful.
The best planet? Europa has a nice mixture of man-made structures (be it wrecked) and natural formations. I go to Europa all the time because of that. A close tie is Uranus. I love the underwater locations there (areas with water in general). The worst? I fucking hate Eris' infested ship tile-set. It's a fucking nightmare for me to go in that nightmare of a place.
Good. The changes are legitimately fair and not stupid like the Boar Prime Barrel.
Reward: Secura Penta.
Seems like I missed it when creating it. And well, I don't really use search often.
The 2 energy per melee hit will add up due the fact that the Redeemer is a shotgun, hitting multiple times in one shot. Running 175% efficiency for Prowl is how you do it, though you should really always be running 175% efficiency. Just note that it'll still be somewhat costly, so if you have zenurik, occasionally place a stealth arrow and deactivate prowl so you regenerate energy when low.
~~Can you link a source?~~ /u/Forma_Addict &gt; We’re adding a 3 Forma pack for 35 Platinum
Yeah, I agree. They are still awful.
What an odd way to spell Banshee Prime.
Tell him to buy a lottery ticket.
~~We don't know, and I'd rather not know until they have a good idea when it'll be released so we don't get another TWW.~~ On second thought, I completely forgot about Umbra. Though, I still don't want it to be released until they sure fire know that it will be released smoothly.
K
Why would you sell such a goddess?
Okay..?
Like DE usually does, most likely not so. Index only got more mods because it's first incarnation was not complete, so it only got a little more after it's completion.
How, I forgot about Dhurnam. It was really quick afterwards, so I believe my argument still applies.
Inaros
Earth tile set was my most hated tileset, I think this will become favorite.
Tysis
Seaweed in my eyes.
All this was added in 19.5. Nidus or a fully matured helminth cyst warfrme will open the infested room.
Zephyr is after Frost, so that's how it'll go.
The problem is hat you can just take Ivara or Loki and just stay invisible for little or not effort. The idea of kill based rewards is good, though.
I would say go for Corrosive, Viral, and Heat. That would take an 8th forma to do so, however. ~~Switch PHC and Pathogen Rounds and replace convulsion with a dual stat that isn't electric for more damage.~~ Mod order is a bit weird due to the riven. Switch polarities accordingly. Also, fucking hell that riven is a god.
Expect the worst in public matches.
You just post the tweet link.
I think people are aware how ads work. However, if a website is overloading a webpage with obnoxious ads as well as crippling site performance (and sometimes I am forced to reload the site due to how bad it is), I really don't think they deserve the money. Wikia is probably the only site I'll use Adblock on.
Status is not ideal on beam weapons (where status should be applied more than once in a second), and is even worse due to shotgun status' wonky mechanics. Also, status duration is probably the most useless stat as status should just be reapplied instead of making it longer. The riven is not even worth one thousand plat, either.
It's already used for changing orientation.
Wat
Pretty decently sized rock there, it's been teased for before Nidus but was delayed due to it's (hopefully) awesome step-sequencer.
I'm excited about her animation and overall design. I like the more petite female frames like Ivara and the Bard so it's just me being excited to have some more Warframes to show off with.
Thanks for bringing up that cringe that I thought was dead.
Note taken.
I was thinking 'hey this looks like the Rota Syandana' and Lo' and behold, same dude. But man, this is a really nice syandana.
They come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity.
They come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity.
They come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity.
Does console have a completely different drop rate? I get the exact same amount in only 4 minutes doing only 10 waves per with only a booster, and this is rather consistent.
You're frame, generally, usually a kill-frame.
I can fire the Lanka pretty fucking fast. I have muscle memory to spam fire it, but sometimes I need a break from charge weapons.
Bah. 4 minutes to do 5 waves. More like 120-200 mutagen samples every 10 wave run that takes 9 minutes.
I mean, being a frequent name in the sub is going to have you be known. Everyone's just confused because there wasn't any announcement this recent mod recruitment.
When Volt was shown without Odanata. That was back in the day, though.
You can type out the build.
Broken-war is an easy to get an extremely efficient melee weapon that is affected by Excalibur's passive. And surprisingly, not many weapons past MR5 are affected by Excalibur's passive, but I strongly recommend the Deztreza at MR7.
&gt; Long story short - if we don't get the cure update, and if I understand correctly that the cyst gets transferred between infected warframes, prepare for a bit of solo play! It shouldn't be like that or it'll be hell. Also: this basically disables me from trading, raiding, and conclave. As well as Baro. All of which I frequent. Yes, it's a harmless little pink cyst, but everyone reason is just as valid as the other.
Definitely not. Seeker is pretty heft in price, and since Peacemaker is unlimited in ammo, firing another shot is enough to suffice. That slot can input more damage or fire rate.
More info. https://forums.warframe.com/topic/750789-ps4-the-glast-gambit-update-1957-status-in-development/?do=findComment&amp;comment=8310418 Rejoice!
New light. https://forums.warframe.com/topic/750789-ps4-the-glast-gambit-update-1957-status-in-development/?do=findComment&amp;comment=8310418
Yup; edited. https://forums.warframe.com/topic/750789-ps4-the-glast-gambit-update-1957-status-in-development/?do=findComment&amp;comment=8310418 Tried scrounging up any updates before posting, but since I am XB1 I naturally get my information from Megan.
&gt; Hopefully they change Hema resource for console? My sweet, sweet child. Why would they do that? You should've farmed your ass out so you don't have to suffer.
I assume you mean under the impression of theme.
I have around 327,000 endo in sculptures stocked up. If you're dedicated to a goal, it'll stack up. I've been doing all my syndicate missions and have enough medallions to buy 170 relic packs to buy for Banshee Prime (even conclave standing is stocked!).
Sadly, not likely to happen. It incentivizes you to buy the whole frame, meaning profit.
Have you played her or did you believe all the BS inexperienced players said?
It's designed so you aren't forced to use a 50% off on let's say a blueprint. You can choose which item you buy is discounted. Also, go on digitalextremes.zendesk.com to get a refund.
Why the flair change /:
Since it isn't her own animation set, it's of no concern to DE.
Sybaris is all you need to wait for 2 months for the Dex. Alternatives that I wouldn't say are better are Grinlok and Latron.
1) Spy drop tables are server side now (meaning inaccessible at all), but I recall something like 5% for system and chassis and 7% each for blueprint and neuroptics. 2) Mission doesn't matter for drop rate, just the mission tier affects what parts you get. (1-15 spy is Systems, 16-25 is Chasis, 25+ is BP and Neuroptics)
Typo slipped in, I meant or. Latron Wraith or Latron Prime.
That seems to be an oversight. Make a suggestion on the forum and/or Reddit and maybe it'll be implemented!
Still need archwing sorties. Yes, fixes should be in place, but I think it should be there to incentivize players and (hopefully) give feedback.
Bard frame idle animations are at 11:35.
Had a similar mod to it. The answer would be no for level 100 or so enemies. It can have +1000% more damage for all I care, it simply will not be able to kill enemies effectively. If you want to dick around with level 60 or less enemies, then it's fine. The Tetra simply doesn't have enough power behind it to be that viable with basically any riven.
Duration abilities can have duration drained twice as fast. Toggles can have increased cost.
Multishot contributes to the grenade limit. You can fire 3 grenades and if all had multishot, it will be at maximum grenade limit. Tether grenades is just about the same.
The lore is pretty damn hidden (synth target imprints), but Corpus lore is pretty low.
From a different view, there can only be so much time and effort into a frame or anything before it becomes not even worth developing in the first place. They have to keep developing frames to get that good chunk of money running in. I'm not saying I disagree, but only so much can be done before it's not worth the effort. Though: * If DE wants to include sound packs, fine. I just hope the default sounds is pretty diverse to work with. * DE, allow me to play my music in the ship.
His Nova Prime gets out of the oven.
It has been talked about Tennogen creators getting contracts to have their accepted work get into console ASAP. Though, this will allow more Tennogen in console, I have a feeling that either DE has some restrictions, or a Tennogen creator being stingy about their work (which is alright). The answer is more to be on around the likely not all of them, but close, and it won't be immediately.
War Within Mountain Pass (1st time) music and the derelict/Lua music.
As you progress, it will get more diverse. The starting planets have a little lackluster tile sets (hopefully Corpus Outpost, Corpus Gas City, Grineer Settlement, and Grineer Asteroid get remastered looks!).
Maximum Power Strength Loki, no efficiency. No duration, nothing. Lanka with Critical Delay and Eagle Eye (whatever the hell the zoom mod is). Has to be used with maximum zoom. No secondary, melee, or companion.
Which is like 20 people on this subreddit. I'd gladly try to sell there, but no one's going to buy anything since XB1 and possibly PS4 is just oblivious or ignorant to use Warframe.market. I've even tried promoting the damn site quite a few times in game and on the sub and it still hasn't changed. It's not like I've given up, either, I'm still trying and probably will try more when Warframe.market gets that site update. I'm just saying that we're not at fault for having a stubborn community.
It's called nothing. Even the silencer mods don't change the sound. The closest you'll get is the muffled sound so rom A Loki's invisibility and Banshee's silence.
Kesheg. I mean, it's a Kuva weapon. The Zarr is great, the Roggas are what I'd say above average, and then we have the Kesheg. It just didn't do anything. It's stats just scream that dreadful maiming strike build and it's size doesn't compensate. Even more so when it's researched unlike the Zarr and Rogga.
Probably not, I think the shortest they'll keep it is 16 notes to make the UI look nice with it.
The reward list is a bit alright in it's current state. When they add the anti-reward streak system it'll be better (definitely not perfect). Sorties get repetitive real quick, so I'd rather have the extra gamemodes.
Seems you're a new-ish player. The Derelict is a great place, try doing ODS or ODD.
Move toward Pluto then Sedna. You'll get The War Within. As for difficulty, fix your builds and level up your mods.
Napalms, Sapping Ospreys, and Tar-Mutalist Moas.
Even then, if you glitch it, the room is located completely on the opposite side of the ship.
Magically all of a sudden when someone is downed in the JV nerves Tar-Mutalist Moas start spawning like crazy when I'm reviving.
Wut
My problem with the sortie drop table is how the only thing going for it is the riven mods. I feel like 4000 endo and the regular lenses should be removed. The Sculpture is fine and the slight loss of endo is worth it. Lenses should be moon rewards as what has been suggested in the subreddit. Greater Lenses are just there to fill it. The percentage to fill from what was removed can have some more appealing content. I don't know what exactly, but it needs some other incentive.
Sold quite a bit of primed mods, so I actually say that.
I believe it is 80%, not 60%.
I believe that was already there when the junctions were first released (on XB1 and PS4 it was).
Still wouldn't help Limbo.
We pretty much do know how it spreads, though. There's a script in the game that activates to spread the cyst when contact onto another player has been made. There's no other spread cases.
TIL That Shotgun Rivens have a fucking 1.62% chance to drop. Anyways, I looked around and noticed you're on PS4. I looked through any bugs relating to missing riven mods upon Glast Gambit's release and found nothing. That means it's only you or no one who also experienced this bug has reported the bug (unlikely). DE would obviously tend to this, but there doesn't seem to be anything showing an actual bug and who knows, maybe it's too big of a bug the DE can patch out without needing a whole new update. Just note that even console support still takes a bit like PC. I suggest waiting another week and a half before complaining.
&gt; Its not just for me. Its for everyone that does sorties I mean, that's really anecdotal. My friends and I on XB1 all successfully obtained a shotgun riven mod a few days ago. To this day, no alarms have been set in region or the forums. You're teammates have also successfully obtained the riven mod (I assume) in both occasions. All that, plus the already mentioned fact that no bug report has been sent leads to a problem on you or a really fucking rare bug that you just got unpeccably (un)lucky at. I get you want to raise attention, but the information you provide might not even be a bug. Till then, wait for that support reply until bullshit happens or gets resolved. Then you can the alarms if shit goes south. Or at least, that's what I suggest.
This game is definitely not your PVP you see anywhere. It's updated frequently, but it's execution of a Warframe Style just doesn't work. That's my personal opinion. Queue times vary heavily as less than 1% of the game's population play conclave. Your region and time your playing varies heavily and can range from fairly quick to no game to play conclave. Competition. I'll try to speak for others that play conclave and just say that it's something you do when you got nothing else to do in the game, so it isn't that competitive. There are religious and competitive players, but they are a special minority.
What are the triggers is what I'm curious about.
Ideally, it should be a pure damage build, but a crit-build is actually still rather viable. Status has no hope on beam weapons as the amount of statuses applied is simply not enough to be viable.
it's proof lets go riot like what red text told us to do
My suggestion is to keep him. It isn't hard to get 20 platinum needed for an additional slot and you'll never know if Ash gets better or something happens in the future.
*sigh in relief*
Nothing special.
It's been bugged for almost a month right now. Mistakes are made (like Vaykor Marelok being removed from the game entirely accidentally a few months ago on PS4) on platforms, and it just happens. You're condradicting yourself by asking DE not to fix this as its on Reddit, where DE checks for bugs. They're probably already aware, though. You should still report bugs regardless.
I really think you should get slots with every mastery rank increase. Maybe Warframe slot, Weapon Slots, Weapon Slots, Warframe Slot, Weapon Slots, Weapon Slots, and so forth. It doesn't supply every single slot you need and still gotta work for it.
Ember is your lazy frame for trash mobs. She can have a bit of CC with her augment. Ivara is a much more slower kind of frame to use. You lean more to solo gameplay instead, but can still play multiplayer. She can do just about everything you need to do if you play tactically. Mag, while being called shittier than she actually is, is not a good choice. Where she shines are a bit too niche and is not ideal for most of your gameplay. I would need to know how your playstyle is to suggest other frames, though.
Can do with Xbone
TennoCon Baro is all platforms. They aren't singling anyone out.
I never noticed it either. How..
Technically, Suda's room is probably just an instant portal to her datascape. It's just that DE was lazy at the time and is just a void background.
It's more obvious with the Daikyu paired with a fire rate mod. I mean, it's so minor that people probably didn't give a fuck and never reported it, so it just went under the radar to DE. It's not game-breaking, as you said, so you really don't have to worry about it.
_sigh_ Seeing that was pretty depressing to hear, seeing that he never even experienced the Second Dream. Gave me a different perspective about DE when they acknowledged it. Shows how much DE cares.
I may or may not have found this thread again to see if you did anything.
[Vull is Carin Gilfry](https://www.voices.com/people/carin.gilfry)
Accolades have to be manually put in by DE, I believe. No other way to get Accolades.
Not the only one who thought it was only a guy's name. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
The datamined drop rate is 19.9% as a collective total for rivens. Pistols are 9.66%, Rifles are 8.62%, and Shotguns are 1.62%. My experience gets me 5 a month.
If you sold it on accident, you might be able to ask support to get it back. If you've never received it, no.
I love archwing, and while it still has a lot to go, the biggest problem O have with is the lack of missions with it. There's like 20x more normal missions than archwing missions and much less that rewarding. I only actively play one archwing mission (if you call it) and that is the Jordas Verdict.
Yo!
https://www.imgur.com/t/funny/73SL1o7
He just said that he knows that.
No, I'm saying there is no relation between the weapon you put it on and the weapon stats you get from the riven. You can get a god Soma riven using the Karak or get a trash Braton riven using the same Karak.
1. No. Each imprint is a 50% chance to carry the trait, and two of the same makes it a 100% chance to carry the trait. 2. No. Height is completely independent from the imprint and is always random, it is not classified as a trait. Same goes for gender, but there's little to care about in that. Omega is just a load of bullshit for extra platinum.
They'll probably just keep it how it is currently. DE is kind of obligated to do a Ballas-narrated trailer for every Prime release, and doing two at a time would be hell. Even if they did do two at time, they'll eventually get to a point where they actually run out of Prime Accesses to release. That's a big no-no. --- Though, where are you getting that normal Warframes have been releasing faster? Ever since Inaros, they've actually been *slower*. Inaros released sometime in March 2016, Titania in August 2016, Nidus in late December 2016, and Octavia mid March 2017. Harrow is expected sometime mid-to-late June 2017 and that would just match the Prime release times.
I know it's random and all, but might I ask what the hell is flow supposed to depict?
You just answered your own question. e: Well, more like half of it. The other is that Microsoft/Sony don't want to lose potential profit.
I never knew I needed this bot.
Start (or whatever you have for menu button) &gt; Communication &gt; Clan &gt; Clan Level Box &gt; Research
I mean, that's a given reason. It's just this has happened multiple times (Banshee Prime Access Leak is another one) that you'd think they'd learn.
I think you went posted on the wrong subreddit.. Even got the wrong video.
Was always heavy gunners for me too.
Unless they have AoE..
I forgot to ask last post, but are you able to gift Tennogen items to console players? On console, Tennogen is purchased with platinum instead, so I'm curious if you are able to do that.
It'll be a single use coupon only usable on anything that isn't a bundle like it is on console. Be happy with what you got, we get jackshit.
CUM
Okay, I made a mistake and used the edit my response button. I have no idea if that creates an entirely new response, but if it did would you ignore that.
I never used the Tonkor. Always was Zarr for me. If you ignored the self-damage, I'm pretty sure the Zarr was superior in damage anyway. I love my Secura Penta, though.
Holy fuck this better make it in. Hopefully the top hat doesn't kill its chance. ~~Do you have any sample color schemes?~~ ~~e: What does the name mean?~~
To be fair, finding a perfect balance between 'waste of plat' and 'pay to not play' for all levels of players is difficult. I admit, mine is absurd.
Yes, only a month. They can be farmed with the new relics they'll release with them during that month. Their respective weapons will also join the unvaulting as well.
When a new player has help from a veteran, they're sure as hell going to be able to progress much faster than the normal player. And when you're going for mastery, you're sure as hell going to need a fuckton of polymer. Where do you go for polymer? Uranus. What is in Uranus (no, not that one)? Drekar Butchers.
Never was intended to be a fight, nor was it ever. I get that RNG is an absolute bitch, but what I described happens often and thus, is a pretty realisitic situation. I know it is in fact Condition Overload as well.
&gt; One absolute madman stated that they put potatoes and Forma into *all* of their Archwing equipment Hilariously, I am that absolute madman. I did it for the fucking Corvas. Fuck that gun. Some guy gave me a fuckton of catalysts as a gift, so as a response, I put it on all my Archwing Gear.
I did have a little trouble submitting the form, perhaps mine wasn't sent?
I'm being technical there. I'm aware of Infested Salvage.
Because apparently the Sentient Resistance was enough to balance out his ability dispel spam. Seriously, though, Normal Stalker is actually harder than Shadow Stalker.
Hopefully it'll be in on the 20th to be considered for round 9.
Like I said in the OP. They mentioned that they wanted to do this about a month before Mag's unvaulting and nothing came out of it. Same for Frost and Ember's. It's not likely they are going to go with that idea.
They a rough structure of the story planned out after the Second Dream's launch. Since they did actually have a planned story, some things were ret-conned to fit into the universe.
Baro has an icon next to the relay he is at. Just look at the Starchart. He stays there for 48 hours, starting at Friday 9AM PST.
My sarcasm isn't one that goes through the screen. They joked about the Gift of The Lotus contain Metroid Prime.
Rebecca's face in the corner. Look at her.
I mean, I'm alright with it. If they say "U20.5" or U21 is as big as they say it is, go ahead DE.
That's the point. Rhino was before Loki and it goes old unvaulted frame and new unvaulted frame with the unvaultings. If things continue, it'll be Loki and Ember this winter.
I ain't even mad. Pirates with a scarf? Seems badass to me.
They're pre-built.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Everyone was predicting Rhino and Mag for a good while. Nothing was a surprise.
The idea to make every mission have different relics instead of the same. The problem (sadly) persists, but it is much slower than the current vault system.
It might be. Take it with a grain of salt. Devstream 94 had Rebecca on an Earth Exterminate. The enemies were level 25-40.
There are about 220 something missions in the game? If there let's say 150 different mission drop tables, you can fit a crapton of relics in the game while keeping minimal dilution. Like I said earlier, the problem still persists but is much, much slower. Even slower if we ever leave the Origin systems into Tau. Let's be honest, while some of us wish the game lasts forever, the game will probably last another 10 years, tops. The suggestion is to last the game's lifetime.
There is no specific date. Expect late June - Early July to start, though. It'll last a month.
It actually could be less. Almost every single mission will drop relics and have a unique droptable. It's just that you can't effectively farm multiple relics you want in a single mission (really depends).
That wasn't as cheesy as I expected it to be.. Good job! It even made some sense of the story.
It's possible. Vay Hek has a MR5 cap.
Scott has about 8 more Warframes themes after Harrow, currently. That's enough for at least another 2 years.
A month or two.
If you think rivens are going to help you have fun, you're setting yourself up for disappointment. A 'God' roll riven will get boring after a few missions. Steamrolling everything in the game is not as fun as you think it is. Even genuinely fun rivens that have weird interactions will get dull over time quick. All you're doing yourself is setting yourself up for burnout.
I kind of did the same? I never really had a decent PC but I did start on PC. A console has this weird console-feel that drew me in consistently. I don't know what it is, but being inferior is the least of my concerns.
Probably means riven challenges resetting to no progress.
Fun is a pretty universal term. While you might have fun at first, you aren't likely to for long.
Got mine first try. I think this belongs to you. *hands both of you a salt shaker*
RNG.
I guarantee you it's a melee riven mod.
That's where DE can come in and bump such weapons to a good place (but not requiring a riven).
yes
There was a thread stating that a riven will come with the quest if you purchased Harrow. In there, they referred the quest and the riven as 'a cut above.' When asked, [DE]Aidan replied with gifs of Warframes using melee weapons. It was already confirmed that melee rivens will come sometime before that.
We're missing arch-gun rivens! ^/s
There's a Banshee in your squad (as if the white spots on Kela wasn't obvious enough). Combined with Magentize's absurd ricochet on projectiles, it's a no wonder.
The question has been asked multiple times with mixed feelings. Like I said in my comment, it's not going to happen.
Makes me wonder what kind of shield gate it's going to be. Multiple shield gates depending on shield value, cooldown upon shield gate activation, both, or neither? If it has a cooldown (like even one second) then Mag will actually be pretty hard to kill if you have decent reaction time. Though, that can be pretty shitty for rage builds..
Okay, a random thought here. I have a feeling that this is going to be the 'the game is ready to play' sound effect that replaces the Hunhow's theme remix. Boy is it going to be fucking annoying.
#FREEVoiD
I suggest posting more drop tables. Because I am not convinced that I can trust you when you only show a spy mission. A drop table that cannot be verified using archived repositories. If you are going such a route, I suggest you keep the repository up for a bit after the public drop tables are posted. The community just can't trust you guys right now. To me, it still seems like DE is trying to creating absurdly rare items despite your denial. e: Also, /u/Khuon, could you pin a comment up mentioning this?
1) Perhaps to be unbiased against DE. VoiD hasn't really actively played Warframe in a while and it can't really affect him. That's more of the community's job to decide what is unjust. 2) That's where I can't defend it because VoiD_Glitch is inconsistent (or maybe just my little understanding of how it was done). I recall recently that VoiD_Glitch said he doesn't know how Excalibur Umbra got onto those accounts, but what is mentioned on the OP says otherwise.
Looked. Couldn't find anything specifically mentioning Harrow next week.
First time Warframe has (a non-hidden) swear word is in a comic.
Then forget about the key and get rekt as Mag. ^(I fucking did that)
Don't really have any builds, but you're really just going to have to get good at modding. Understand how everything works and what are your ability preferences. You're going to have to deal with sub-par builds (if you're a min-maxer, it definitely is not an option). Instead of using for as, you're going to have to farm a variety of duplicates and have a stockpile Endo at your disposal. That's how I do it. I can't stand leveling Warframes and have about 4 duplicates of every mod I actively use.
It was 19.9%. That hasn't changed but I call bullshit on increasing the chance. It'll probably stay 19.9% and shaft the other riven chances.
Holy fuck I'd buy it in a heartbeat if that was on XB1. We have 350-450 Maiming Strike and usually you'll get an instant buy if it's 300.
Mag being meta? Nope, never happening.
Why stop at multishot? You have Amp to give you 400% more damage!
VoiD didn't handle it as well as he should have. He worded his statements weird (which causes confusion) and left out a lot of information, which constantly changed perspectives.
I would log out and in if you haven't. If that doesn't work, contact Warframe support.
VoiD hasn't had any recent interest in playing. He was just doing it because he knew he was doing a community service.
I can't check right now, but I believe you are taking into account weapon variants. That skews the numbers.
While bugs and exploits are not exactly the same thing, the Warframe community as a whole is guilty for not reporting certain things to DE. I don't recall specific ones, but some players don't report bugs to DE.
It's a form of optimization. No point is having objects move if they aren't even seen.
Infested Speargun? We don't have one coming.
It does.
We don't.
I actually accidentally farmed three sets of Octavia. She is not hard to farm.
I was thinking Nova and Excalibur's drop locations should be switched. Europa is decently far, but not as extreme as Pluto. Except, switching any frame with Excalibur will fuck over the switched frame into being a hell to obtain. At least he's only 75 platinum.
Like I said, it's not that she isn't fitting, it's just that obtaining her will be hell to farm. Excalibur's got it easy because he's only 75 platinum.
Major patch? The unvaulting? Unless it's coming the same day as Harrow's update it's barely an update.
Oh, I know about that. Just that I expected something like 175 or maybe even 200 shields base.
I like the idea of an offensive Trinity. Obviously the profile has a certain build, but 16 energy per kill (64 per headshot kill), that's fucking great! Also Penance heals per damage instead of kill, so it'd pretty fucking nice.
Probably nothing, I'm tempted to think that the Famorian destroying the relay is rigged.
No, let's deploy a whole room full of them.
Just for bragging rights other than the catalyst reward.
Just make it easier on DE and just make a new Xbox account to restart Warframe on.
The last panel ends with "Fin," indicating the end. It's meant to serve as an introduction to the quest.
Get an imprint. ^(btw I gotta say this: smeetas are overrated)
Well.. shit.
Well, I'm going back to sleep.
Four relics: Axi R1, Lith B1, Meso M1, and Neo B3. Rhino Prime Blueprint: Axi R1 Rare Rhino Prime Chassis: Meso M1 Uncommon Rhino Prime Neuroptics: Lith B1 Uncommon Rhino Prime Systems: Neo B3 Common Boltor Prime Blueprint: Neo B3 Rare Boltor Prime Barrel: Meso M1 Common Boltor Prime Receiver: Lith B1 Uncommon Boltor Prime Stock: Axi R1 Common Ankyros Prime Blueprint: Lith B1 Common Ankyros Prime Gauntlet: Meso M1 Common Ankyros Prime Blade: Axi R1 Uncommon Mag Prime Blueprint: Meso M1 Rare Mag Prime Chassis: Neo B3 Uncommon Mag Prime Neuroptics: Lith B1 Common Mag Prime Systems: Axi R1 Common Boar Prime Blueprint: Neo B3 Common Boar Prime Barrel: Meso M1 Uncommon Boar Prime Receiver: Axi R1 Common Boar Prime Stock: Lith B1 Common Dakra Prime Blueprint: Axi R1 Uncommon Dakra Prime Blade: Neo B3 Uncommon Dakra Prime Handle: Meso M1 Common
I'm on console, so yeah.
Seems like a Sony Problem if anything. Xbox has it in there.
[Spoiler:](#s "[DE]Glenn")
Making up some lore bullshit, but maybe both alphabets existed, just that the Orokin alphabet was kept exclusive to the Orokin to keep messages secret?
We really don't know. Could be Rell, could be Stalker, could be both, could be someone else.
So I copied it. Primary: Orokin C1R1 (like very very slightly off). Secondary: Valentine C3R12 Tertiary: Twilight C2R3 Accents: Twilight C3R1 Energy: Orokin C5R18
2 months from now.
Didn't Berehnyia/Xini have like 13 relics making it like 7.74% chance to get the relic you wanted? That's an interception, so you really can't make it go faster than something like 5 minutes per relic. This is pretty generous.
If they don't Delay it, then barely. DE usually releases updates around 11:00 PM (UTC+1), but War Within did release pretty late at night.
Implying Chains of Harrow isn't Delayed today, you can expect 3-4 weeks.
What release? ^^^we ^^^don't ^^^talk ^^^about ^^^that ^^^update
AGGP will stop whining? Nah, he'll find a way to bullshit an argument.
Anything can be prime if you have enough gold.
Nooooooo! Darvo! ^(No ban pls)
The alt-fire is shit.
edited, apparently my copy wasn't saved when I pasted.
I use it anyway because the riven puts in the place where it should be and because it looks sexy.
no
I'm finally fucking done. I am laughing that I can't fit bug fixes in, though.
I still can't get Limbo being a bad frame out of my head.
Systems are in Defection missions. The other parts are from Kuva Fortress Spy and Corrupted Enemies from fissures.
If they didn't change the datamines, there's also combo duration and weeping wounds/blood rush stats too.
That quick?
For me, it's the priceless reaction I'll get when I sell Frost Prime and show it to everyone who missed out. I'm an asshole at heart.
This is DE we are talking about.
*Incoming downvotes* I never really did find The Second Dream as good as people make it out to be. Maybe it was Alad sponging up the experience but it never felt connecting. Still good, but I connect better with Chains of Harrow and Sands of Inaros.
/r/Wartrade
You use something like a Visa gift card to do it. Oh, and no.
Cyclone Kraken doesn't exist in the sabotage drop tables.. By the way, I [archived](https://web.archive.org/web/20170630205039/https://n8k6e2y6.ssl.hwcdn.net/repos/hnfvc0o3jnfvc873njb03enrf56.html) the site. If anyone has a way of automating a way to see if anything has been changed, that'd be great..
You sure you didn't?
