If aui taught me anything is that even as a 2k scrub i buy my shit fast and go do stuff quick
I was not aware we were using Somalians for wine now
the bad thing is that they can blindside you pretty hard, I had a very shy gf for some years, she cheated on me for some months without me knowing, I never saw it coming as she was so shy
Do people evento know whata fuckboy is this days?
I fucking hate Mexicans speaking in English, its not their fault but damn! (I'm Mexican BTW)
His accent makes his cast even better for me, and the guy is hilarious, but yeah when you come from the same place I can see how it might be cringeworthy
Midnas lament from Twilight Princess, the titles song for skullgirls and the intro son for final fantasy christal chronicles... Also I'm pretty sure xenoblade is pretty good soundtrack
I honestly think their first 2 albums were fantastic, much better than all of the other "emo" bands from back in the day
Silent alarm - bloc party That album was simply perfect IMO top 3 of that decade and I'll fight whomever doesn't agree.
I have a couple of dogs se picked up from a shelter, not only did the people threw them away they tried to buen them un an empty lot, luckyly they were rescued and got to the shelter, some of those didnt survive, some others live with me now
5 reasons we hate... Is my reason to live
I started drinking some craft beers after a new bar that specializes in them opened very close to my work, the variety is amazing and the taste is much stronger in a lot of those beers, so much so that most regular beers like corona taste like water to me, I'll still drink normal beer (because I'm poor) but at least I know now that there is a world out there
But to be fair shes a terrible wife who doesnt hold to any expectations in the bedroom, she fucking jacks him off without even taking eyes away from her computer, he's dying and has a horrible sexlife he didn't even think of cheating but I don't see how she could blame him if he did.
But I really don't see why he was thrown off about it, we are supposed to love the antihero, and Skylar many times acts against him or makes things harder for him, why wouldn't we not hate her? Sure she doesn't know and its not her fault but she's still a huge bitch all series, her and her bitch sister Marie! The only likeable one is hank and even he is am asshole a lot
I agree completely she's set to be a horrible person from episode one, she only gets redemption for being the lesser evil person but she stopped out of fear not out of goodness, the only truly decent people in that show are hank and the kid
This is not my story personally but I saw it happen pretty close to me, basically my gf's brother was a pretty hardcore atheist, his parents always claimed to be catholic but mexican light catholic, never went to church in their life and they are only baptized but not any of the other stuff, so basically completely away from church... Anyway, he turned to christianity because some shitty things happened that turned the family upside down and he started dating this christian girl, now to me it was predatorial but he totally fell for the girls and her fathers (who was a pastor) oportunistic presentation of god as a way to make his shitty life less shitty, he fell in love with the whole thing and he turned into full crazy devout christian in what seems practically overnight for me, to me it was completely confusing because he used to be a hardcore skeptic and in general a really smart dude, he got the highest gradein his major and masters degrees in engineering and next day he's praying for everything and pestering his family to turn to christianity.
I was amazed too at how religious people were, my family was atheist and always called themselves that, also both of them were biologists, in middle school I attended a christian school because it was pretty high quality, I was befudled the first time I argued with a young earth creationist idiot kid, I literally couldn't wrap my mind around someone believing in god with that fervor. I was also amazed the first time people asked me to pray before eating, I just told my friends parents I didnt know how because I was an atheist, I was like 10 and I'll never forget the look of disbelief in their faces.
Once a teacher I really liked that was a christian told me she was always going to try and convert me because if she didn't I'd go to hell and she liked me too much for that to happen, I guess you'll miss your parents when you are contemplating god in the afterlife OP.
/s
That's true, but if you are gay and have a kid they way to get your kid to be accepted is not by hidding the fact that you are gay, its to make a statement to others, to show others that its ok to be gay, bigots die when ignorance and taboos die, the way to help those kids is by showing off, not the other way around, don't get confused.
Hacking... I don't feel any need to explain.
Im mexican and eat them a lot too
GO HUMAN BEINGS!!
I'm fucking sure I was in that game and was lina, any dotabuff?
Not only was he an idiot, I'm pretty sure the np was a racist cunt, I was there I promise http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1548623207 just 2k USE things
Ironic, also fuck you, I'm not a native speaker, yeah it's lose, sue me
Me too, those aren't cycling shorts
I would say most people making the chance should be mid 2k i got a friend who played gold 1 and got 3k, right n now he sits at upper 2k
If not climbing out of 1k and 2k trench is really ez, pick a hero you like and has big team fight spells, learn to last hit really well with bots and win, for me phoenix and leshrac are really good climbers
Really? Actually the games I come back from is when people use the mic to plan and encourage each other
When you are comfortable with mechanics just random... Who picks heroes anyways?
I was there it gets better, if you are in NA I'll play message me
Not just any meat tho, tacos are incredibly varied, sour cream on most is an insult, also its not any grilled meat, and its actually mostly not grilled, masiza tongue, bone marrow, brains, Nana buche, nenepil and most tacos the meat is cooked on big casseroles with oil, basquet tacos are steamed and have different meat and beans and other stuff on them, there are chorizo tacos, chicharron tacos, there are a shit ton of different taco kinds and all of them are better than burritos
But if any of those things hadn't happened you'd just be facing that reality thinking the exact same thing, you basically say, since good random things happened then God must have helped..
So basically if you pray and get nothing you get a free pass for something after you die... That sounds convenient, is there like a system for how he picks, like if you don't get a job then you are excused from stealing bread or is it random?
"Will likely fail" like you know what we can do in another thousand years of research... Also agnosticism is atheism for pussies, yes the argument is technically correct but then you would have to claim that for every non falsifiable theory out there which proves how silly agnosticism is.
Well it surely can disprove things
It's true, the gf is always complaining because she's 32F here I'm Mexico you need to pay over 80usd for a bra that size and up to a 100, and when I met her she used worst bras and she really suffered for it
It constantly is about disproving hypothesis so if you make a wrong one and the data you aquire trough experimentation is not consistent with it you reject it... So it can surely disprove things its basically part of the method to reject wrong ideas and notions we have about how the world works
I meant because you said you had voices and it sounded a bit worrying, im glad counceling helped, i hope you get better
Yes it does if you have a silly hypothesis and you apply the scientific method to it and it concludes it doesn't fit with our model of the world it means that hypothesis was disproved.
Lol haven't seen any buzzfeed articles but my hair girl suggested one, as long as you have your sides, and part of the back shaved it does get the girls thirsty or at least it did do the trick for me... I think that the theory behind it is that if you have an already handsome face to begin with the bun just takes all of the hair you used to have away from it so people can see you better... It also works if you just have short hair but that wasn't so cool before the man buns so many people didn't have short hair
Some do, there are ones with really tight crotch and a tinny ass zipper, the ones that aren't like that have plenty of room and hold nicely to the legs.
Yeah but its not like every silly thing gets its 15 minutes, most things are done for good after we discard them.
I dunno, if you buy ones make sure the zipper área is big enough, works for me
Do you have any vid of a pro doing it or something, it seems that whenever I play against dark seer I can't zone them for my life and I'm actually competent zoning others.
OK will do, BTW any heroes you recommend? is getting boots as a support right out of the gate worth to keep him off (especially in a trilane scenario) or do I just get regular items and maybe am extra clarity to spam at him to zone better?
Not to brag but spotify is so desperate to pull mexican costumers we get 3 months for 9 Mexican pesos, so less than 1 dollar for 3 month
Tuskar is strong as fuck in this patch, and its a great pick against heros who can get affected by Break
Imo phoenix should always be a 3 or 2, at worst a 4 because it still works well without farm but never a 5, phoenix does so much with levels/gold that its always worth it to give it some... Also I'd recomend always picking that veil before shivas, its much less expensive and it'll help you a lot in the early-midgame and lategame the shivas will be great. Some have said that mango might be a great pick for phoenix early but I havent tried, in paper it gives you much needed health regen and since phoenix has mana problems it might help you land a clutch ult after your spirits took a little too much mana, this might be really good if you are getting zoned and your tranqs are being delayed. Another thing you might consider is getting that bottle, that way you farm a bit, kill with ult, bottle up, pick a rune and repeat, you play basically like how you would play a clock and it'll create massive space for your team and free a lane for someone else to farm while you roam.
how do you use it offensively tho? I've always seen it as a counter initiation... Also I hardly ever play her but how does it work? is it like you need to stare at medusa for X time to get to stone or is it, if after X time of medusa turned the ult you look at her you instantly get stoned?
I thought you could always pirate/buy guitar pro...
That honestly sounds awesome
There are two kinds of people, the ones who think old tarantino was the best and the ones who think new tarantino is the best... Imo if you think the newer stuff is better you need to reconsider your life choices.
I honestly think Her was a masterpiece, not only is the story charming and a refreshing take on AI, it has a huge amount of things going for it, the dialogue is cute and hilarious and endearing and Arcade Fire pulled one of the best soundtracks of that year, Joaquin Phoenix acting is on point and Scarlet Johanson has one of the best voice acting ever, she has an incredibly wide range of emotion, but the best thing is how it captures our zeitgeist and its natural evolution perfectly, its a future movie that captures what the future will actually probably be, the costumes, the house design, the outdoor spaces, and the design of computers and phones and other things, never before had I seen such an honest reflection of our society in terms of design
My favorite is a tie between reservoir dogs and pulp fiction, imo it should be pulp, reservoir, kill bill, I really don't think inglorious basterds holds up to the rest
Really?? It's been ages since I used it but I got some OK stuff from it, in paper it should be a good replacement to tab books tho
I will never understand
Surely sleep paralysis also probably don't tell the gf because she'll think silly things about it
Are you young? Is there any way you can get into medical research, it would seem fair to me that you pursued that carreer if you still can, if not, think of it like this, in 50 years the percentage of people who survive what you just went through will be much higher and it will just rise with the years, you got lucky, we all do sometimes, and more people will get the same luck that's all there is to it, move on
If it went away once it will go away twice, I know this is a bit silly but eat and sleep well and hang outside in the sun more, I do a lot of work in a lab and I don't get much sunlight as I sit there all day, I force myself to go outside every once in a while because I was getting depressed again, it really does help, I wish you good luck, also maybe get checked go to a doctor a lot of times depression is physiological and a simple supplement can help you (not mind numbing pills or anything)
Be a man and keep your so, don't cheat. Its not worth it
Well if you want to talk... Or maybe play some dota/games send a message
Reckless tortuga is amazing, the racism in America ones are hilarious
They are all masturbators tho if anything they have their minds around fapping more than the average fapper
Maybe with rice
Religious people, but not all religious people, the kind that vulture around their loved ones or people they know it times of need to get them into their religion instead of helping, your mom died, god can help, you can't find a job, god, you broke up with your long time SO, god, its like they are happy when shitty things happen just to be able to preach their shit. One thing is to believe but this people are literally vultures.
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
It's not at all about that, I love eating that pussy the pubes make it not ideal but also shaving can be bad for bjs, either you wax or depilate or leave it really short, a 1 or 2 day shave is like eating snadpaper covered pussy
Guys if you are going to manscape, and you should, consider wax or other form of depilation, it hurts, but its worth it, shaving itches and leaves pimples and ingrown hairs, wax is much cleaner like that and you get smooth skin for quite a while
I am sorry if I have ever offended anyone, I'm Mexican so the US are foreign to me, anyway I can speak in perfect English, I always attended bilingual schools with great teachers and lived a few months in Canada as a kid, the thing is everyone talked "white" in my school and all of the recordings were British people (I took lessons to apply for Cambridge English qualifications) and the black people in the movies talk in a way that's far more understandable, so every time I visit the states I dread asking for directions or talking to black people in general because I feel unbelievably racist asking them to repeat themselves 10 times in perfect English because I can't understand what they say.
Thats pretty racist of you to think that is Mexicans who get access to pretty much the same culture than you wouldn't know who fuckomg Capitan America is
Yeah I guess it's more dumb than racist
Ohh surely, i dont think anyone expects you to not have feelings for other people, no one is invulnerable to that, how you act on those feelings does define you, the only condition to you keeping the SO is if you have feelings for your SO
Still, it always makes me feel awkward
So much this! But now i love spamming that sweet lightning
I have a friend who was about to hit diamon, switched to dota and never came back, come over its more fun
HOHO HAHA
Yeah I love two tongues
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
True, a lot of people is still people
I've never lived in America bit ya'll is a perfect word.
That's easy, the real problem comes when genders in languages you try to learn don't match with your mother language.
Imo that makes you sound uneducated and racist... We fucking devote ourselves to learning your shitty language, you might as well try to return the favour
Yes, but it's different, gendering words is easy, people in lower classes will say vistes instead of viste for example in general.adding an S after verbs, like saying did you sees that? did you dos something? Some words are mispronounced, particularly anglicisms but not exclusively. Fuiste becomes juiste with a hard J sound or sandwiches becomes changüices and stuff like that. A very particular one, the word Mira or Look often looses the M and turns into Ira. Rich people and people who want to seem higher class often don't get free, their anglicisms and other foreign words are often tried to be pronounced as accurately as possible and are used more often which imo makes it sound silly as fuck. Another problem is that they are often still mispronounced or spoken with weird inflections and as a decent English speaker it's silly as fuck. Another big problem with richer people is their accent, we too have ghetto accents and rich accents and rich people speak like a California girl speaking Spanish, that's the best way I can describe it.
This is my favorite, congrats.
Alcoholism! *drinks more beer*
That's so horrible, I'd hate fuck you if I could because of how horrible it is.
Imo warlock with fatal bonds could be really good but you still need a few seconds and great position
Add ebola spirit, just for fun
Ok so, here goes, my parents are atheists and I grew up in an atheist household so I think I can help. First of all for a few years don't tell them, when they get into kindergarden and they ask what the cross is or a kid tells them about God explain it simply to them and tell them you don't believe in it. If they ask why just say it everyone has the right to believe bit you don't see how it could be true. When they are older you can introduce them to cooler concepts like evolution and other sciences, also kids love dinosaurs and so they'll dig evolution, if you raise a science loving kid they kid will just go, God? Nah. Do tell them that if they want to believe you won't judge but do give them critical thinking skills. Every time they ask you can give more and better examples of why you don't believe. If you are into politics talk politics with your kids and maybe talk about how the church influences politics in an undemocratic way. Also if you want to talk about other religions do, but imo talk about the cool historical significance they have, their cool myths, I'm sure all kids would love bedtime stories about how texcatlipoca created the world, or how Norse gods fought ice giants, or how Odin turned into a Swan and fucked a chick. I don't think you should treat religion as equal as atheism, it's not like "here is everything, pick what you want" because fundamentally atheism IS different from religion.
I agree that that's a cool experience I also have a friend who had about the same thing happen to him... He became kind of am ashole preachy Christian tho but thats a story for another time. I think secularism does lack that sense of community and practicality. There is this guy allain debotton who is an atheist who is very influenced by this communities and has some very interesting ideas. I don't agree a lot with him but he is worth listening too imo, maybe Google him you might consider it interesting.
That's so fucking cool TIL
If anything that's why we should! Ez wins!
You did say OUR emotions.
I hear that one and the scientology one are pretty accurate.
I'm glad! And I'm even more glad at least it was an experience that made you better.
What are you talking about? You tell the kid to stop and his dad to stop him of you'll get them kicked out.
Lmao that has never happened to me but I'm sure that will be the first and only time I kick a kid
Op never said the issue was rough play, get out of here if you can't admit you are wrong.
I thought it was really funny, you brought a little justice to this world
I was out on a conference and this really hot chick came really strong on me, we ended up making out on my hotel room, at the time I had a girlfriend and we had considered strongly opening up our relationship but since I didn't have a complete confirmation I told this chick I wouldn't do it and so I didn't, to my dismay it turned out the gf had been cheating on me for months and it would have been very ok for me to do it... You win some you lose some I guess, at least I can humblebrag about how this girl told me I was fantastic at fingering her.
You da real MVP
The name "Aniv de la rev" is banned in my country because it's short for Aniversario de la Revolucion AND that's how calendars shorten it.
Holy shit, I bought a shirt that had plastic ones and took them out because I had no idea what they were, luckily I didnt threw them away and just put them back on.
Ey bby
My sister does that, she's pretty smart but hanging with her and her boyfriend makes me physically cringe.
Fuck out of here, people with completely uninteresting interests exist, yeah sure maybe this chick is really into reality TV, do I give a shit about it tho? Hell no.
But just the ones who over do it, naturally tomboyish girls can be cool.
That's like a whole other level, Jesus.
Public forum, also because you were being a huge asshole
I'm sick I don't get enough pizza
Yukio Mishima made one short called Rite of love and Death. A young man in the military decides to kill himself after his friends attempt a failed coup. This 30 minute film covers all the way from him getting home, telling his wife, setting everything up, making love and both of them committing seppuku. A truly beautiful film based on his most famous short story. The story is also a window into the mind of a man who would later commit seppuku himself after his own failed coup. Mishimas wife burnt all the copies after his death but luckily one was found a few years ago and you can watch it on youtube.
No, not quite, it's a little like "nerdgirls" if the tomboyish woman legit likes whatever sport or team or "manly activity" whatever that means it's really cool, but if she does it to be "omg such one of the guys" then it's not
All the jabs at sony
I asked a couple of friends who are working and they told me they wouldn't answer and it's rude... I don't work with them... Shit I don't even work, I'm still in uni.
It'd be really funny if he was an art teacher... "Rachel your dick technique is horrible! But the way the light hits the shaft is really good, keep working"
Thank you for this, I really thought it was 9 year Olds too.
I bought Metric-fantasies without listening to any songs and loved it just because it looked cool. Bought Wolf parades - second album (who's name I can't recall) without listening to it because the artwork was cool as fuck, found it buried in a record store, only copy I could find, Googled quickly, saw that Isaac brook produced it and it's the best 10 bucks I've spent in my life. I first listened to unknown mortal Orchestra was in a small secret concert in a small venue near Mexico city when they were touring the first album without knowing them, been a fan ever since.
I am Mexican, like I can "see" where people are coming from bit I think it's bullshit, personally it's a visually cool add and see nothing wrong with it.
Yeah, that's true and the characters are really cool, but still.I think they will start adding up, especially if the dlc characters turn out to be a decent tier in competitive, then the pay2win rants will start.
Yeah lol I know, still think it's a bit too much, but yeah I agree it's really common sense to not let that one out in America.
Pokemon + dota2 much better, we already have moltres and artícuno lol
Yeah, girls with really high pitched ones are annoying as fuck.
I wish I could catch severe ginger and die with it.
There is this girl in my uni, she has like a skin condition that makes her have really white spots all over her face and arms (I assume everywhere else too I just haven't looked) like vitiligo or something and Ive had a crush on her since forever, she's really cute too but I'm sure most people wouldn't like it.
Sometimes you need to catch a tight connection and you want to get your shit asap so you can get out the second you are allowed, every second counts! I've had to run trough DallasFW many times because the first time I didn't I was stuck there 8 hours and it's a huge ass place.
Not only Europeans the best colleges in Mexico are ran by the state
But there IS an old dune movie isn't it?
Toe- two moons
Honk Kong best song.
It's funny to think Isaac brock probably doesn't love float on.
Feels like a blink or like sleep depending on how suddenly you go out/wake up I guess.
Weak ass Americans.
Ok yeah I see a lot of people not liking that.
And when Aui was there AUI WAS THERE! How can you not like EG
No love for Universe
Rank ass pussy.
Dan "The Man With a Plan (to rape)" Shneider Lmao.
I think he's into guys doe... Good luck I am guy!
Yes, this is it! Annie is perfect.
The art scene in Canada is fucking great, your music moves me.
I'd take a slap to the face during sex... Different strokes I guess
I'm on both sides of this situation right now, it's weird as fuck, on one hand I'm dying to be with one girl which I have a very slim chance of getting with. And on the other one of.my best friends at uni came really strong at me and asked me to date but I just really don't see her like that. Life is weird
We were in a rather long relationship 4 years, we split and honestly I think we both realized it was the wrong call, but still we are still getting a feel of how things are and she doesn't want to rush anything. Also we both realized it's kinda fun being single. We are in a weird moment both of us.
I'm sorry man
I'm guessing the media isn't huge on strapons, and the pics are quite good, I think most people would just go "ohh erotic art, nothing to see here" and thats how it'd end.
Really? Dat ass? Dem titties??? Those eyes staring up as the suck a dick??? What are you talking about man??
Jennifer Lawrence and Upton are hot as fuck.
There were a couple nudes from the fappening
Who cares about exploring the Galaxy? young people were born in this age to feel smooth pussy.
But James franco was in them too I think, please don't tell me it's not her
Ohh, well I guess I'll have to keep waiting
Or if it's just shaven... Wax lasts at least a week being really smooth.
Or if wisp has dd
No Ragrets FTFY
I as non american cant understand it either, in my country political parties are assigned a part of the national budget for their campaigns and spending rules are set, also its ilegal to advertise with years in advance... I think all countries were mindblown finding out Trump isnt even a candidate and the election is in over a year.
Well, what did you do? did you say yes?
I don't know if anyone has told you this but THERE ARE OTHER WAYS TO CHECK YOUR PROSTATE. Now, some doctors are used to the old method, and touch is a really good way for them to be sure, also its a medical profesional, you shouldn't feel insecure, for them its just another day at the job. Just google prostate scan, its there, but getting a finger up your butt for a second is way faster and cheaper.
I wonder how this stupid rationalizations come out in gay couples, like what if a dude cheats on his bf? was one boyfriend not man enough? what if they are lesbians? There is no logic on this things. Sexism is weird man.
When love is gone, where does it go? and where do we go?
How??
There is a YouTube channel called Art of Photography and it's explained, it's easy to find, it should be in an art playlist or something (cant link because mobile). Basically it's shady how it's very much not regulated like other investments.
Keep strong
I'm sorry, that sounds really messed up.
All is truly well when you can stop for a beer with friends
3 is get picked up by secret.
Implying not having all heroes from the get go doesn't allow ptw when you can use cash for heroes.
Dat credits song for skullgirls doe, love to hear it everytime I play it casually
More like "I have to shit" if shit was a noun, like saying "I have to chair"
I was sat at home watching G3 when Toph ring
I actually wanted Toph and scar to keep casting the finals but some good laughs were had... Hype as fuck too.
Meh amazing atheist is pretty good, yeah he is an angry fuck but overall hes helped kids realize it's ok to be am atheist and many people like him for that, also he's a pretty decent dude outside of his youtube persona and likes to help up and coming youtubers
I honestly don't see a lot of mysoginism in his discourse, he's all up for equality and freedom of sex and sexuality. I just think it's bad pr.
Vod? That sounds like fun
Ive never seen Ronaldo ignore a kid, I've seen Messi do it tho.
Victor is great too.
Are you jack white?
What if your gf wants to give you a rimjob or peg you, it's straight to do that shit and I wouldn't want a hairy asshole if I was on the receiving end of those.
I don't have a lot bit I do try to shave or wax often, I hate hair
It's not as great as you think it is, if you love the job, you fucking LOVE the job but it's really hard and really underpaid, my dad is a marine biologist, when he was younger he spent time watching whales and seals, out in the ocean for hours hoping to see a stream of water many kms away, if you see one it's fantastic because you can get so close to the whales that you can touch them, if you don't, which was very likely you could spend days and days doing fuck all while looking at the horizon hoping, it was a common thing to be out for 8 hours or so at the time in small boats. This days he says they stay in hotels, back then they camped, which is OK for a while not months. Also stayed in deserted islands looking at seals for months, a boat brought water, cigarettes and food every few days, really not fun when you smoked all the cigs before the boat came, that's why he quit, he and his friends had to collect the butts from the sand and try to make new ones, he said once he realized how fucking miserable he was, shaking with anxiety looking for butts in the cold night in the fucking sand he just couldn't smoke anymore, he also got bitten in the ass by a baby seal. It was hard bathing as there were a lot of sharks near the island and they got really close to the shore so you couldn't get very deep into the sea. Once he was left alone in the sea swimming because his asshole friend got afraid and swam to the shore, they had a lot of sharks around. It's really boring to be alone in an island with no electricity for days, also the islands in California are shit they are really barren. Also cancer risk is real, spending all that time under the sun really can fuck you up, a paleontologist that my mom worked with got fucked up pretty bad by the sun. A lot of cool stories too, he saw orcas once, people can try to find them for years and he was lucky enough to find them in the wild. His sight is also amazing, when on vacations my mother and him grab beers and stare into the horizon until they find dolphins, it usually doesn't take them too long. Since they are kind of easy to find I'm pretty good at it too. He can also see a fin or a tail for half a second and know which whale he is looking at. Many stories with dolphins kind of swimming by ships and getting to hang out with military and riding on big military ships, good times overall. My mom once shut a bunch of sailors mouths with her fishing skills. Overall the job is a lot of work and a lot of fun and amazing experiences, the sad reality is that the pay is shit and you can't settle down. Ultimately my dad left to work in pharma and my mom rejected a masters in geology to work and settle down. Even if they pursued their careers it would have been impossible to start a family and earning a lead research role is impossible unless you are second on command when the lead dies. He was approached by some people to come back but the pay is really bad, he will likely wait till me and my sister finish college to really consider it, I think he'd love it
Mexico
Looking at some toilets at uni I often wonder if my body is fucked up because I only have one single hole for peeing, im certain that many guys just have dicks made of swiss cheese since pee seems to spray the entire cubicle.
I was introduced to Strange Fruit when kanye used it for a song in Yeezus and honestly, he cant be that bad when his samples are so good.
Their music is so fucking silly, like I get their aesthetic is kind of fucked up but the music is a really silly time.
The first time I listened to Death Grips I listened to No Love, and watched the video with headphones really high volume, it wasn't scary but their music is unsettling, I couldn't look away it was such a strange feeling. 1000% I used to give a fuck!
The huge economic disparity between the wealthy and the extremely poor people in Mexico, how they coexist and still no one seems to give a fuck, I'm right at the middle and how the system is set up really fucks with me.
You know, you could do a lot of things and dinosaurs aren't all, you can dig up all kinds of animals, how mammals evolved is really cool too. Tiny horses for example. Also Parasaurolophus ftw!
It is, my parents loved their work as biologists, but it really it's a hard job to sustain if you plan on settling down. Another thing is that you need to study so so much, and still not be bookish in the sense that you get really dirty and tired, not many nerdish people can do that. If you love to sit on your ass all day the job is not for you, and if you are afraid to grab all kinds of animals too.
Not necessarily well read but overall a cultured person or at least interested in learning new things, a person that is excited about the awesome artistic and natural world that we live in.
I feel like our generation places real value in art, similar artistic tastes should be similar in a couple I feel.
Very true, a friend of mine got his big ass screen because kids would just throw them away after uni because it was easier for them to just get new ones later.
I think that's the whole deal, she had it suppressed until him and his wife started using transvesticism as a fetish, and exploring that side of his sexuality kind of allowed him to explore his gender identity too... If anything the gripe you should have is that lily was a pretty big jerk to her wife.
Trying to talk in the obviously blocked adult chat in AOL as a kid and thinking no one was there... I really wanted to know what adults talked about.
it really depends at what pressure, are farts compresible?
Dota, could play that game forever, maybe CS:GO I just started but it looks so deep.
Sheik, Marth, Fox, Falco. Are you counting Jigglypuff as the fifth? Peach? if so IceClimbers should probably count, and maaybe pikachu right? that guy who played yoshi was really good too.
I dont know, I think yeah the 4 are the highest tier, but you could play vs gods or even be one with lesser characters, much like armada and Hbox are, and wobbles was amazing, I think mango played IC too right?... right now amsa and axe really bring lesser tier characters and take games out of really high skilled players. I'd say the viable high level pool is much larger than 4.
Yes, this wins.
You need to try for like a year before doctors consider checking you for infertility and then you have this poor bastards that get a kid the first try right after loosing their virginity, wtf.
You know what I hate tho? That people think just because you listen to them you'll be on their side and then call you close minded if you didn't change your mind. Yeah sure, I'll listen to you, I'll understand where you are coming from, empathy isn't hard, but I won't change my mind just out of empathy if I still think you are wrong.
This is the number one reason I hate Americans, I'm sorry to change the subject but who would think that 5'10 would be different than 6???!!!!!! How does that system make any sense?!! Why would you have more than ten anything without changing units???
Maybe it's like calling someone mamacita, it's supposed to be a good thing but you usually only use it when you are exasperated.
The other day I had an argument with a girl about where a restaurant that I see every day was. I was not arguing, I was informing her she was wrong and still she wouldn't take it. Honestly 3g phones are the best solution to this things, I'd die if they disappeared.
Octopus Op pls nerf
I love beer but don't remember it either, I guess I started drinking from my father's beer much too young and they would let me drink one with them every so often as a teen.
One day the right ass will come.
Prog rock is not an acquired taste, first time I listened to that I heard the sound of freedom, how could I not love it?
Saw avatar like 6 times at the theatre and I regret nothing the visuals in that movie could kick any modern movies ass any day. Also my first 3d experience, I was truly blown away.
Just figured out today how to make it work on mobile, just press it and swipe without taking the finger off the screen
Imo solo support omni is awful, you can't zone for shit.
Same 1.6 no previous mobas and calibrated right away, I have a friend who I'm sure will calibrate below 1k it's like a Stoner sloth playing other Stoner sloths.
3k Is hell, I'm not even there but all the friends I play with are. The skill level is all over the place, I don't even know if it's worth the effort to git gud so that I can play with not retarded people. I think I like to watch the game more than playing it.
Yeah I guess you are right, should I say Mediterraneans?
Yes, I plan to study abroad in the US or Canada and I'm afraid of missing that. Especially saying hi with a kiss and hug it's almost mechanical at this point.
1.80 and yeah.
1.80 and yeah.
1.80 and yeah.
Honestly it depends on the beer, some just taste like shitty bitter water, others it tastes sweet, refreshing, some you can feel a little chocolatey or cofee. I think I'm going to sound douchey but good beer (not necessarily craft) can taste like a great variety of things, and the darker beers like the ones I enjoy the most have this bitter and sweet, strong flavor that kind of hangs with you after you drink them. It's a strange flavour to pin down, you do need to drink a lot of it and after you get used to it you find an entire world in different beers. I have a trick for you, this is how my ex started, in Mexico we like to put lime in our beers, sometimes maggy sauce, and hot sauce, I'm guessing you could use a little buffalo or Tabasco, salt, pepper, we have this thing called English sauce (I don't know how Americans know it) and sometimes clamato with it, search for the recipe as Michelada or Chelada or Michelada with clamato. Make yourself a drink with it, it takes a minute and it'll taste much better than plain beer, you can get shitty beer in it too after all the flavor fades out. And I bet you'll love it, when making it take a zip every now and then of the plain beer and you'll start getting used to it in no time, then drink a single beer, then two then more and like that you'll start getting a better grasp of how beer tastes like. When you start liking it get some nice craft beers, sadly I can't recommend my favorites because they are Mexican and not so well known all around, but I'm sure you'll love it. If all the things I said don't work out you now have a nice party drink at least. TL;DR: beer tastes great to me, to start you can make yourself some Micheladas and then drink some nice plain beers.
He kind of does but I think he did make sourcefed pretty Pc, his news are way better.
How do you unlock them??? I NEED IT!!!
Yes, after Frankfurt I was determined to not buy anything else, and here they give me phoenix wards, a fucking axolotl and play to unlock stuff... WP VOLVO
After a long and strange year, I finally broke it off for good with my girlfriend of 5 years, I was pretty bummed out honestly, and Volvo gives me this, based volvo caring for my happiness.
I'd love to do that, but im in my last year of uni, honestly I'll try to save this year to get away, it sounds like an awesome idea.
I feel this ultimately caused my last relationship to end, she wanted to try new things, I was perfectly comfortable enjoying her company. Milenials suck man.
FROM MY POINT OF VIEW YODA IS EVIL
Salud!
Mexico
I once got out of a fight like this, I pissed someone off in traffic and the guy got down off his car and went to my door to try and kick my ass, what this fucker wasn't counting on is that I didn't gave a shit about pissing him off and I thought he was trying to clean my windshield, I just looked at him with dead eyes and yelled "no thanks not now man" and shook my finger at him. He got confused cursed at me and left. I had no idea why a street person would be so rude until I realized who he was.
To the person that said run away, yeah that's how you get shot.
No, he was pretty young, he really seemed like the fighting type but he did look confused as fuck.
That was such a stupid death, he could have just ran away but nah, lets go back and get fucked.
To be fair uni's tide was kind of underwhelming, I guess he wanted that blink ravage so bad, but this is not a Shaker, there is a castpoint to that shit, bkbs can be used, burning fucked him up hard with his reaction time.
I saw uni and ppd top once, I was like WTF... BTS pls.
Draft too tho.
In Mexico we have this thing we call fresa, and honestly the best way to put it is speaking like a valley girl. Like Ohhh my gaaawd.
I'm sure someone has a gungan fetish.
That's the fanciest Paloma ever, a real Paloma is, grapefruit soda + tequila, kind of like rum + coke but whit the aforementioned ingredients.
What a bunch of cunts, honestly beer is like pizza good beer is good, normal beer is still beer, what do they complain about?
Trust me Im an engineer pics in their Facebook, motherfucker, I've taken classes with you, I get it you are proud to be here but you ain't even good at what we do.
It's because in America they are the same, I'm Mexican and Mexican coke is well famous even, and Pepsi in here is like American Pepsi, the difference still exists and I think the divide happened when all coke had natural sugar and people kept thinking like that.
Even the shitty pros have been playing at least half a decade at top level.
I dunno, been drinking grapefruit palomas since like 16 and they'll get you hammered just fine. Also they are very common since tequila and grapefruit soda is really cheap, so it's very common, I think your drink deserves a better name.
Lmao, it's ok bby
I mean, they do look similar, but I have literally never in my life seen a paloma with juice, I would really say its akin to rum &amp; coke. Yours should just be called Fancy Paloma or something like that lol.
I broke up with a girlfriend with which I'm sure I was going to have a threesome with since she made out with a friend of hers on occasion (I knew of course and it seemed like it was happening soon when we broke up). She also had promised she was buying a sexy nurse costume but again we broke it off before we could get to that, ohh well.
Shouldn't this thread be "Et tu, Brutus?"
Cool, thanks
Facebook is the only way emotionally estranged parents can say stuff to their kids now, the silly thing is they'll write a bunch of overemotional bullshit while barely addressing their kids in real ways that show support. It's much easier to write how special your pride and joy is than taking care of them.
For a second I thought Microsoft Megahard was another shitty Microsoft product.
I have a theory that most atheists have this phase (intensity varies depending in when they become atheists) because the church did and still does some fucked up things and it takes a while for the idea that not all Christians are evil to settle in.
I do agree with you, but sometimes you do know, and it is a stupid reason and it's hard to not mock them for their shitty desicion making and poor artistic taste. Not all shitty tattoos deserve tons of respect
That I agree with, if you don't know it's dumb to judge. Now I ain't a tattoo artist myself so I don't know how much "artistic integrity" I'd have, when you got bills to pay who gives a fuck about 10 shitty tattoos
Does she? Not American, but for all I've heard she fails to commit to any stance on anything.
Perhaps mock was not the correct word, but criticism of others tastes is very valid, like all of a sudden if someone makes a shitty style choice I'm not allowed to think of it as such?
People are allowed to think other people's decisions are shitty or in poor taste, perhaps mock is not the word I intended but I sure as hell get to have an opinion on the stuff I see. Like I'll judge the fuck out of a dick with a swastika tattooed and I'll think you are basic if you got an infinity.
Hey, me too! Good day indeed
Hit them!! Ohh, for the child...
My type is the type that'll fuck me up hard
Yeah man, one day you'll probably be on the other end, it'll all be fine, I was in an almost 5 year relationship like that, shit happens, your friends are good people.
I don't even wanna talk about it
Some are actors tho, there is a market for that stuff after all.
Watch the original Spanish movie, can't remember the name but it's much better.
You either ate a chimp or fucked a chimp, which is it?
It's really not a lot of pain, it's the least painful of any body mods and honestly it's not even bothersome. I do agree with the whole you should let people choose, but most people have and want ear piercings.
Yeah, but do you even think about them? I spent like a year without earrings and I didn't even think about my holes
The movie is called Thesis
I have a teacher like this but with cats, one of them died and she got a tattoo and made a lot of fuzz about it like she actually lost someone. They are kind of weird.
I've got eight rescued dogs at the moment, my parents are biologists and they love to rescue animals, me too, right now I got a little dog that got hit by a car and lost an eye, I'm taking care of him right now, strong little guy, we picked him up two weeks ago. I've been very close to animals all my life and yeah, I get its really sad to lose one, but animals aren't someone, I'd much rather all my dogs die than say, my dad or my best friend die. It's bad, but it's not THAT bad.
I've got eight rescued dogs at the moment, my parents are biologists and they love to rescue animals, me too, right now I got a little dog that got hit by a car and lost an eye, I'm taking care of him right now, strong little guy, we picked him up two weeks ago. I've been very close to animals all my life and yeah, I get its really sad to lose one, but animals aren't someone, I'd much rather all my dogs die than say, my dad or my best friend die. It's bad, but it's not THAT bad.
Not really, and if you think that your empathy is fucking messed up, I'd have any of my pets die before a stranger did. What is your value of human life?
Geese are dicks without comparison.
Like you care about being productive, stop redditing at work!
Wtf, it's a human life man. Also I live in a third world country, so there is that, and I do help.
If I can speak from experience, pigs make horrible dying sounds for pretty much anything, you feed them and dying sounds, annoying fucks. Probably not dead pigs what you heard.
His clock is what won them that series imo, it's just the echo that sealed the deal.
I said bagel like Britta for a long time because the ex liked community and she'd giggle, now I can't stop and people think I Britta'd the word bagel.
So kind of like the comic Saga, but less spacey.
BEEEES!!!! NOT THE BEEEEEEEES!!!!!!
But there are magical contracts that do kill you if you don't go trough, malfoy had one and it's mentioned that the twins wanted Ron to make one at some point.
Rules of magic are more important than rules of wizardry I suppose.
Yeah, it is, it traumatized my sister a bit... This days we laugh about it because we have a fucked up sense of humor.
I had to check if it was actually OP, or someone trolling, how fucking stupid is that? also socks are mostly made of cotton right? At least leave the cat in your fur coats, Jesus, unless you are in fact a bit sick and feel a cruel need to even wear fur in your socks.
So according to this thread my ex aint crazy because she wouldn't kill my pets... Well at least I got no dead pets.
All this X's and I keep missing you.
This person is doing God's work, but come on, second one is not even close to the rest, he looks so stupid.
Unless you LOOK pregnant. FTFY
I'm a hacker guys!
I think for most non Americans this is just regular driving.
It doesn't matter how you look without them, everyone looks cool with the right pair of shades.
I think it has to do with where the guitar sits on the body, the lower the guitar the cooler the player, everyone knows it.
What if they just like really bad smells, I've seen tons of dogs smell butthole and surprisingly few dogs smelling roses.
A system that auto delivers alcohol to my system so I can always have two beers in me.
You know you can just not go right?
What do you mean? Do priests get except from drafts?
Probably keep living, I didn't even attend the compulsory military service and no one seemed to give a fuck. I don't think they'd come get me.
That is true. But I think it's still an indication of the character of the person regarding appearance and problem solving. Because being fat is a significantly larger problem (pun intended) than say not wearing makeup, also caring for your weight is significantly harder than other things. To me this says that you care about things but not the underlying problems, or if that something is to big or troublesome, you'd rather ignore it. I'd like someone who cares for their entire appearance, not just the easy parts. EDIT: also, yes, I'm saying being fat is not caring for your appearance, even if you take care of other aspects of it. Because being fat is objectively unhealthy and unhealthy is not generally accepted as having good appearance.
Really they denied it? I thought from day one he was intended to be am Aspie
Well but that just speaks of how bad your hability to read is, a 200 page book you can read in an afternoon easily. But it's true, the rape thing is just a theory, but with all of the other horrible shit happening in universe, why couldn't rape exist too?
Sometimes, when my janitor says he'll clean everything, he means it.
A lot of people called fake in it, still a very exciting few days.
I really miss jumper cable guy. I hope wherever he is, his dad is beating the shit out of him with cables.
I really don't want to click this but the curiosity is killing me. EDIT: ok this is pretty fucked up, but its still a lot less horrible than what I thought, so ok...
He's fucking what I assume is the snakes cloaca, I honestly thought he was facefucking a snake, which imo is much worse.
It could have been so much worse.
Hey, maybe try playing or watching a pro game with him, honestly I get more hype from esports particularly Dota and smash than most sports, unless it's football.
My friend plays pudge like this, he roams mid and finds ez kills, enemy team rages hard 10/10
Please tell me America is the name of a sassy cute twink
Because the meta shifted and the mid really shouldn't be going safelane, no more.
I agree 100% venge is my waifu
The hardest thing you'll ever do, it's so much fun.
&gt;my children aren't vaccinated That's not the most privileged that's the most retarded. You can be a middle class moron antivaxer
Should have straight up answered "ohh you have no filter" and walked away.
If we were lazy we wouldn't be stealing your jobs, being not lazy is the exact problem.
Wtf
That does sound like hell of a party, I think the only better party would be some Mexican-East European one, tequila and vodka for all!
I wanted to poke fun at you ironically, honestly don't even get a kid till your 30s, enjoy your life.
I said a human life is worth more than any and all my pets. People really like their pets apparently, also don't care much for the value of human life.
37 Gil
"ohh it's not what you think, just having a posh wank"
True, sometimes they are huge jerks because people have that capacity, not because they are women.
Then he gets tits.
Same
This is one of those cases when I legitimately can't tell if sarcasm.
I mean, at what point if enough people share an experience it stops being misogynistic it becomes "people can be shitty?" A lot of the shit in this thread is common human experience mislabeled.
I don't get what you mean. I deal with a lot of freshmen in engineering and I constantly need to say this to people, men and women, more often than not men actually. Women are way more assertive in stem imo.
This is one I actually believe, a lot of my teachers do this. Guys, we are in engineering, I've heard this chick curse like a sailor, it's whatever.
I completely get what you are saying, but it's misdirection, I just think some of this cases aren't at all like this, in your example it'd be someone claiming they got a broken back when they actually they just got a sore one just like you. Edit, to clarify, I think misoginy is a very real thing, shit I live in Mexico, I see it every day, I'm just saying sometimes people get the whole concept wrong.
Is there some space type D&amp;D? I generally like the idea but I'm more into sci-fi than fantasy, you know.
He just wants that sweet sweet karma.
It's because some of it is written by kids and it's so hilariously bad, like a month ago someone linked to a fanfiction that had me in tears for how bad it was. I suppose people think it's that, or all the smut and crossovers which are in fact horny tween porn.
I feel like this is so much better for Europeans and Americans, us Latinos are kind of expected to just dance, your girls get excited if you teach them, ours kind of disappointed if you can't take her out dancing.
If it makes you feel better fight Club is a joke of this nihilistic and anarchist types.
Should have watched the cornetto trilogy later as soul bleach.
Got an eight a couple of weeks ago, dogs are fun.
Shaun of the dead, hot fuzz and world's end
I really need that Argentina man, Messi is hard to get.
Really didn't expect a Grimes story, so cool.
Tell them the entire spanish speaking community is grateful to him for one of our dankest memes, about Boots making fun of a dickless train. In spanish dick and whistle are both "pito"
Hey man, thanks, I can totally imagine Grimes goth phase.
That metal as fuck.
I don't know if they were trolling you but I've never heard this in my life.
Ni pedo means shit happens, and also no fart. Some others can be 'esta en su pedo' meaning he is doing his thing, fooling around, a funny one is 'esta tragando camote' he is swallowing camote, which is the same.
Spaniards are a funny bunch man, I love your curses.
My father would always say "there are birds in the wire" when he wanted to tell my mom something sensible and us kids were there. Also " go ask for some tenmeaca", in spanish tenmeaca is like a short way of saying keep me here, kids don't know this and they go ask their grannies or whatever for the mysterious tenmeaca.
I think you are gross and wrong, firm banana masterrace.
My mom said the same! And I don't know, it's just that the words together and fast sound like a different word and yeah, Mexican.
Always love the hyperbole and a half references, hope Allie is ok.
I mean you do are fat, I go to America probably once a year, it's always surprising that you'll be shopping or whatever and people will talk to you randomly, it's kind of cool, but also it's crazy for me how big you all are too, bot only are you much taller than the average Mexican, but the fat ones completely outclass our fat ones.
Probably because I was feeling shitty and I could prove to myself that all you need to sleep with people is wanting to sleep with people, I was right but I didnt feel much better after.
But why cant sex be just a fun thing to do when you are bored? It's pretty cool if you can manage that kind of thing.
Yeah, I'm not saying we aren't I actually thought the same TIL, what I meant is that american fat is waaaaay fatter than mexican fat.
I honestly wonder how many ironic no ragrets are after the meme.
Fucking LOVE how cringy the NYAA video is.
Also there are probably a lot of lower level filters that make species not able to get smart at all.
I mean, if you live long enough the rate needs to diminish, after all you don't have infinite friends.
Same as dicks get so big.
I'm a connoisseur, had 32 triple D, if I could have I would have married that. It's never too much.
That kills the pens.
The neck one made me physically cringe, Jesus christ, please if I can ever do anything for you man, do tell.
Fuckswithducks is grill? Wow til.
Cancer, what the fuck man, debug your shit before launch.
A friend of mine is actually afraid of mushrooms, she won't eat them at all, she even hates seeing them.
That, I'm not sure, I would guess not, since nothing really can come out of the vagina after you ded.
The eyelids so that you don't look creepy as fuck. Ass, so that nothing comes out, you do get cleaned, but to make sure, Also corpses can get gassy.
Don't do it on the streets, but it's fairly easy and fun, go for it!
Thanks for the correction, at least I was right that eyes do need to be secured. Am I wrong tho that corpses do get shitty and something needs to be done about that?
You are fucking joking, please tell me you are joking
To be fair in spanish we call you Estadounidenses, which roughly translates to unitedstateians, which imo in English sounds stupid but is the most accurate, since all in the continent have the right to call themselves Americans.
No, and this attitude is what demonstrates why most Latins don't really like the US and Americans. You guys are seen as entitled and oppressive, as warmongers and people who have put us in states of political and economic hardship for your own advantage, while living comfortable and entitled lives, you don't even speak or care for our language and there is a strong sense of Latin American community throughout the continent and you are the outsiders. Many Latins consider themselves true Americans and the US the out of touch neighbors, and then you have the nerve to claim yourselves as Americans, when you don't know or understand the hardships of the rest of your brothers and their cultures, shit even causing them. I'm not completely sold on the idea, but it's like all other things you appropriate that everyone else doesn't like and that's why it's annoying when Americans refer to themselves as Americans, we don't feel you truly are. You are very different from the rest of the continent.
Well everybody does call you Estadounidenses (unitedstateians) the only ones to call Americans that are yourselves.
Same sex too if you know who you are hitting on. But also in straight relationships with the same sex people will treat you better if you look good I find.
It very much is true, but I take it you haven't spoken or lived in Latin America so how would you know.
That was hilarious, the magpie wasn't even doing anything to her, she had a helmet.
I feel like if a bird attacked you, you could punch said bird, imagine how badass it'd be to punch a flying bird.
As a nine year old kid visiting my family I'm Canada I was super excited to see the swans, until one chased me and tried to fuck me up. Fuck you majestic cunts.
3 am birds are my signal that I spent way too much time playing video games and redditing and should probably sleep.
Funny thing about turkeys, when they are babies the stress can kill them, so if you make turkey sounds to baby turkeys expecting them to do it back, you probably are a baby turkey murderer.
I believe you, sorry for your loss but that was great.
For whatever reason the uni my ex gf attended had peacocks, they are rude and annoying as fuck, there are a lot of places you can eat outside and the campus is fairly pretty, but asshole peacocks steal your food, you can't even try to scare them away because the uni protects them, cunts.
Only if you follow rules 1 and 2.
I just say fuck the haters, many guys that think are super macho end up loving girly shit when you show them how fun it can be.
I asked my mom to take me to a therapist for depression, she said you are bummed out about a breakup, I told her I had been like this for over a year and she didn't believe me, I know what you feel brother.
A guy I know killed a girl because he was drunk driving, then bribed a bunch of people and didn't end up in jail, he got really fucked up tho. Still fuck that guy and I'll say it any time, but since he was friends with most of my friends I get called out on being rude "he made a mistake they say" he is a murderer I say back, fuck this irresponsible cunts, I hope he was dead instead.
A bunch of friends of friends literally hate me because I don't speak a lot to them, I just feel more comfortable doing my own thing and it should be cool if I don't want to be best friends with everyone, but I guess that makes me an asshole.
You got downvoted but I agree, if it's legal who cares, it's a job, for all I care.
Look at cool content on tumblr and laugh at the crazy sjw/otherkins/random fanboys in there.
Pretty much, also I like tumblr format of endless content.
I've started smoking for a while and while I'm surely not a pack a day guy I'll easily do 10 in a day if I feel like it but I found that I can stop whenever I want to and feel pretty much the same, I just don't understand this withdrawal people speak of, sure I feel like smoking sometimes but if I don't have a cigarette handy I just don't stress and keep going.
Everywhere should be like that man. And it's cool, I like that you support us, it doesn't matter what you like.
Don't use kapitalist see.
Again, in my city, in here people wouldn't be caught dead holding hands, I know that's why a friend of mine broke up with a girl she loved, and I know that's why I hardly try to date guys, because I'm tired of hiding.
I agree, no one should hit anyone, but I really think the difference between weak male and strong male is probably less than male female.
You are, you should stop right now, become spiritual, give your possessions away, preferably to me.
Had to check, holy shit how do you even get so much karma
I have a seat too, the menu changes every day but not my spot, I even have one outside for when it's sunny.
I usually get a uni package (two large tacos) with lemon and cucumber water with an extra taco.
But even if it was just for recreation, people get to have fun, why is selling alcohol right but pot wrong. As long as it's safe.
Holy shit man, I feel for you, I was in a similar situation. Talk to her, hope it get better brother, but remember it's a part of a relationship and an important one, let her know you care.
Imma give you an international one. Anita lava la tina (Anita cleans the bathtub)
The Greeks sound like a fun bunch, having a demon dedicated to orgies
No but I'm sure the rock wouldn't beat the shit out of the kid in retaliation.
The sun, we be dead.
lmao, did date a gay bottom that loved it
Not me but friends parents, they'll check them constantly, keep them in the house unless they have school or something related and won't let them stay the night and drink or whatever. We are 23 years old, we are fucking adults and this people keep thinking their sons and daughters are kids ffs, drives me nuts.
Dinosaurs spend all day smoking pot and promising me they'll get a job, its been six months dinosaurs! I can't take this anymore!
Honestly use this experience for making smarter decisions
No, he is the zodiac killer.
Came here to say this. For regular films it's pretty but it's glorious with all the fight scenes beautifully coordinated in it.
Her probably won't get as many upvotes as it deserves, but all the attention to detail in that movie makes it one of the most beautiful movies I've seen, it's like Sci fi magical realism
I'm not super sure if it's crazy, at least to me, but for sure we are going to have Butler robots and nurse robots fairly soon.
That sounds like shitty pizza that got her ill and her confirmation bias making her go "it was the meat"
I don't think it's hypocritical, after all its pretty normal for an animal so that another one can eat it.
You should consider before making that decision that pastures are significantly less harmful to local fauna than farmlands where fruits and vegetables are grown because of the great incentive for farmers to kill animals like bats and birds that might mess with the crops, also a lot of vegetables use pesticides that are very harmful to the environment, perhaps more so than what having a bunch of cows would do.
This rule 34 is getting way to dark for me.
Yeah, I really don't think power bottom means what he thinks it means.
I for one love it, you really have to know your partner.
I had this girl, not long ago, that thought it was hot to instead of stroking the dick she just kind of squeezed it, at first I didn't quite even notice the problem, I thought she was for whatever reason just grabbing it, but when I noticed the squeezing it took everything in me to not laugh out loud.
Mexican here, your parents probably made the right desicion.
Yeah, I did tell her afterwards.
I've never been to a strip club where you couldn't fondle the girls. Come to Mexico for a great time friend!
God's Not Dead 2: Electric Boogaloo
I went out with this girl that asked my friend for a date with me, I went out with her and my buddy and his SO in a double date, it went ok, she was funny, not super hot but whatever. My friends leave and we drive to her house, we make out outside in the car, I'm like "ok this is going places" and after it gets kind of hot I say lets take this inside. Her reply was something along the lines of "you'll have to want this more, maybe next time" like she wanted to make it more tense, idk, I literally laughed because it was so ridiculous, since she had made it very clear she wanted it. Never really spoke to her again.
The basic bitch filter, or the passive twink filter.
True, I wish I was a little more like Cristiano and a little less than me, and shit, I ain't even that bad.
This is kind of about my city and country but I don't even try to date guys anymore because they are so afraid of being in public as a couple, they wont even hold your hands or kiss you, if I'm dating a girl I don't even think when doing this things, but for guys its such a taboo.
It's shit, I've been called greedy for being bisexual by pretty much every gender/sexual orientation except for other bisexuals, at least you'd expect some support from your own community but they are afraid too you'll drop them for (in my case) a girl.
Puebla México, a 2 hour drive from Mexico city.
cool, I'll check it out.
Sharktopus vs MegaLobster!
Asian ladies have this power until one day it fades away and they instantly turn into old Asian ladies, then the power comes back until they die.
Anyone that ever hit a wall in frustration or leaned against a wall or came in contact with walls at all would know this.
Honestly Midnas Lament is one of the most memorable Zelda songs to me apart from the typical iconic ones.
I feel like non athletic people tend to make athletic people look douchey, but honestly the people that work out are usually so high on endorphins they are always super nice and encouraging.
A friend of mine mocks me for loving avatar since it's kind of a shitty movie full of clichés, but when I saw it I was so blown away by the 3D I couldn't do anything but love it, one of the best cinematic experiences of my life.
Tbh it's about how good the anime is, it's like any other medium it's got some low quality, some high, some honestly amazing works of art.
That just looks like you want to eat some pussy
You know you can take it out and leave it next to the stick.
That's because we just said "fuck it" and got up when evolving, we really shouldn't do this and our backs would work well.
You are wrong tho. Edit: /s Jesus people it's a fucking joke on the thread.
For what I've seen it looks like a shit ton of fun.
New question, dont SEAsians believe in psychotherapy? Get her help.man
&gt;to cure things such as hypertension and tornadoes I don't know if you meant that but it's hilarious. Also I don't get what the problem is with owls, in my country Mexico there is a saying, "when the owl sings the Indian dies". People should leave owls out of superstition man.
Well they are right beneath Europe, if Europe is western then by orientation they should be too right? Someone else said north America and Europe is western, so what is south America then? It's not eastern. Like I said, I like that Africans are sharing their ghost stories but in my mind non westerners are Asians and Oceanians, westerners are Americans and Europeans and Africans but some people think not.
Then what is south America? Is Mexico the west or not? We are north America but we are much more culturally related to the south.
Lol not doubting you, still the wording is funny. Maybe dispels tornadoes? Also yeah, it seems like everyone hates them but the west, an Indian here said they hate them too. Poor owls
Lmao that's true, it sounds so cool, people shouldn't hate.
Yes, if anything this myths harm humans since owls are good for us.
Ohh I meant like "native american" indian, we don't really have such a word. You probably are safe.
"Cuando el tecolote canta, el indio muere"
That's really cool to know, its funny you guys consider them dumb when a lot of people think they are symbols of wisdom.
My autocorrect is a horribly nasty djin!
Seguro, yo soy del centro y mi abuelo del sur, buen tino.
Cuando el tecolote canta, el indio muere. Significa literalmente que cuando escuchas un tecolote alguien se va a morir, es del centro sur por lo que entiendo, igual y es por eso que no lo has escuchado.
Bread
I don't know, I remember the last awesome games done quick had a night segment on shitty games, there was an animorphs game that was broken as fuck, obviously the game wasn't close to completion but it was some of the most fun I've had watching speed runs, I was laughing my ass of at like 3am.
No more carpal tunnel and a fucking proper spine that won't hurt ad much as you age.
You can come around! The best of luck, in no time.life will look better.
Fellow Mexican here, fuck this shit, the economic disparity is retarded. In Puebla you have in the same 1km radius one of the most expensive universities in the country literally full of rich kids surrounded by clay houses where 5+ people sleep in a room. You literally see the poorest of the poor living among rich kids, no one gives a fuck tho, they just occasionally take land from poor people of course.
Want to hear a funny thing? Proper religious people are afraid too, because for them heaven is not this sweet sumer house to hang out, their soul just surrounds God and feels awe forever, so God is so good you forget all else, effectively making it nothing. A good Christian friend told me after I confessed my atheist fears.
No, we all know they sent young men to die in Vietnam, we know they didn't want to and their country made them. If a war broke out and everyone was drafted it'd be tons of people sent to die, not just women.
Meatboy
I love the feature where upon completing a level you see all the dead meatboys trying and failing, the hard levels are especially amusing for this.
Timber also played really well, secret didnt really have answers for him early, and later it was pretty much just kill everybody and let timber go.
Drug dealer in North Mexico, you'll live the life, fuck the hottest chicks, do the hardest drugs, drive the fastest cars and live life to the max, you'll be dead in less than five years tho so better enjoy it while you have it.
Makes you wish they would just die alredy to not have to deal with them but also want to keep them alive so they can see the consequences of their shitty actions
Not really ageism, people arent angry at this old fucks just because, they are angry because this old fucks screwed their children over and over again and keep doing so.
Pissing on the fucking toilet lid, how many holes does your dick has that you can't control it? fucking morons.
TIL: I'm poor as fuck.
He could be doing laps around his house
Why is it so hot and oh shit waddup
Good luck man!
Cougartown
Real talk, because tbh as a guy it would never even occur to me that this shit happens, what happens later, like, how do you find out he feels entitled? Does he throw a fit? A backhanded comment? Or he just goes for the sex regardless of how the date went anyway? I'm legit curious because honestly it sounds childish as fuck.
Could probably get a nicer looking girl too for all you care, seems like a better transaction for this douchebags.
Did you still get sunburnt? Or are those the Irish?
Only the Welsh... Or the kiwis for that matter.
This is a very big false dichotomy you are stating here.
This is very interesting and people who disagree or not even understand what you say should probably read up on the movement a bit more, third wave light feminists kind of just want to turn the movement into this sort of feel good "you go girl" type of thing while ignoring the theory completely.
Is there a way that as a guy in engineering can steal some ideas? It literally never happens.
That's a logical conclusion, but the numbers of male vs female rapists might be different considering I would expect female on male rape is the least reported of all, also females tend to get lighter and less sentences than men so numbers do vary because of so called "female privilege"
In my mind everyone online is a guy, but I thought statistically reddit was 50 50
A lot of feminist arguments discuss semantics as a means of oppression, yet here you say "just go for the real argument instead of the apparent meaning of the expression" at best it's an unintended inconsistency but at worse it's a very shitty hypocrisy isn't it?
Privilege is not a real thing, there are so many factors that affect how life goes for any individual privilege either isn't real or its offset by other circumstances, the only real privilege I'd recognize is wealth and that affects both genders equally.
Really, who?
But if they earn less than white women it's really a race issue, not a gender one right?
Haters downvoting you, you are right, even if you share ideals you shouldn't have to brand yourself anything you don't want to.
A large portion of the movement shares this concerns. It's not just a section.
&gt;Third-wave feminists often focus on "micro-politics" and challenge the second wave's paradigm as to what is, or is not, good for women I agree I was generalizing, but don't you think the "feel goody" ones kind of fit this description?
A good friend and teacher of mine constantly preached to me even if I told her I was an atheist countless times and mocked religion to spite her sometimes (got laughs not anger luckily she'd mock me too) once I asked why she was so insistent and she said she liked me too much to not try with all her might to save me from hell, regardless of how I was I was headed there if I didn't believed according to her brand of religion. I told her it was annoying but at least I respected her integrity. I don't think I could be religious and intellectually consistent if I didn't proselytize.
Hey, I want to go to our friends house too!
Chicks with dicks.
Have Mexican mother, can confirm.
Also Charlie is savage af
NOOOO!!!
Not so long ago I decided to drink with my mates, I decided too rather early that I had drank to much and was going to sleep, I striped down and went to sleep in my mates bed in my drunkenness, I hate clothes when I sleep. Meanwhile my mates decided to go to a party nearby where they find this rather fat chick who has a huge crush on me, now as good friends they decide to bring her back to the apartment so she can talk to me, she couldn't really because I was sleeping drunk, I bet she got a good look tho, they go back to the party, the girl asks to go back and being the really nice guys they are they oblige. Upon their arrival I wake up only to see two of my friends grinning like the cunts they are and the fat chick in the middle. At this point it hits me that I'm really drunk but it seems I'm keeping it cool. I returned to sleep shortly after, never left the bed that's all I remember. Next day I wake up, go home, and return to uni, as soon as a friend that wasn't even there sees me and asks about my future date with fatty and I'm completely confused. Apparently in my drunkenness I agreed to a date but luckily that was all I did, my friends are jerks but not that badly.
I like to imagine radiation tastes like cheap ketchup. Heinz forever.
Tell us how it was!
