I've legit had a tan since end of February/early March. Vancouver what! ;)
Title makes it. Bravo.
Looks like my bedsheets in a pile. What a shit sculpture.
Brilliant
My galaxy s6 Lifeproof case fell apart in multiple areas within a couple weeks. Rubber around camera peeling, screen cover really marked up, rubber around sides peeling, audio jack cover kept on falling off (eventually lost), mini USB cover chipped twice and no longer closes, back cover completely scratched up - Do not waste your money on them!!!
They're all over he world. Seriously, go outside.
5pm
Fuck, really need to get this octoclick spasm checked out eh.
Chantelle is one lucky woman.
You think more people being born is a good thing?
Cananida
Hmm, a gas station coffee, or a yard of ham? Decisions.
Maybe she should of picked a better place to take him then?
Ah, thought the same!
Asshole is the new pussy
I don't understand how you could be T-boned on a single-laned rode unless you were blocking an intersection.
Repost
We live in the future. This is awesome.
What did they say?
This was mandatory in the Canadian curriculum when I was growing up.
I came here to say this sub is always Mt Ranier /Mt Hood.
Wow that's ridiculously cheap. Average house price in Vancouver, BC is now $1-million.
Subscribe
Lol. I only seem to date taller long-legged women, but this is pretty funny.
Fuckin Steve
Even though they're going to decemate half their countryside (including the largest fresh water lake in Central America) building the world's largest canal?
Looks like Gaudi
Best
It really seems at this point, from am international perspective, that this state is really saying FU to the rest of the "republic", and just doing what they want. Hell yeh.
This is actually the legit fact.
Seems like 100% whining in the industry though. Source: 1) just finished construction on a software company office. 2) this thread
Found the American
- Woof! - Damn straight!
Wait, SK doesn't have daylight savings?
Well in this time, China industrialized rapidly, and Canada developed techniques to extract oil from the tarsands, so you do the math. Otherwise they would be on par with the States.
Ketchup Maine lmao
It triggers me seeing this buffoon have more money than me, someone trying to make an honest living.
I have been there 3x and therefore have never questioned it's existence. I have never met a Belgiumist, but am intrigued. When are the meetings?
Or speak.
The irony here is that I pay my rent via my internets
Pretty sure you would of been fine with safe n sound and regular drywall.
I'd say in the next year or two you literally won't be able to buy any property for &lt;$1MM in Vancouver. Edit: Less than
They said the same when George W Bush got elected the first time.
I was throwing a roll of tape up into the air repeatedly yesterday whilst talking to my boss until I missed it and hit the work truck. He did not look impressed. I've been interested to know if these things work.
I find this extremely interesting.
Ah, the American education system at its finest.
A lot of American chains Canadianize their logos.
Rest In Peace in piece?
Also first thought.
Hopefully statements like this will deter religious extremists from committing such violent acts.
Blat blat with a cat
This reminds me of the "newest STL superfan" that went viral. "This sport is awesome and insane! What's happening?!"
Great response.
But if they end up getting a pens goalie....
Canucks trade their first round pick.
As I said earlier, Canucks trade their first round pick...
I'm not going to add fuel to the fire, because I've never met the guy personally, but I know his old classmates, and people in WPG... I wouldn't pay anything more than a prove-it deal.
As a Habs fan, I endorse this comment.
This is why we buy Kovy.
This post is so incredibly accurate. I commend the poster for an obviously experienced, but also well-formulated two-cents. Great post.
I mean, the real question here, is what sort of box do you opt for when you international-ship a prize horse.
*drones FIFY
Yikes. They probably will. Martyrdom-an-all.... That's a real scary thought.
Terriby written, this article is.
Womp womp
Face palm. You don't literally eat the bud.
Don't worry, teens suck. You're about to enter the prime of your life. Be excited!
People are so judgmental.
I've read that a rough NHL:KHL ratio is 1:0.80. Edit: corrected auto-correct
Sounds more like the AWESOME train if you ask me.
A handful of protesters picket on Saturday's up by the chicken factory at Commercial and W Georgia.
THIS is peak Vancouver
70% of people on the trails in the city. Another 20% opt for flip flops instead.
Yes, we totally do: Sydney Funnel Web Spider: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_funnel-web_spider Redback Spider: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redback_spider Tiger Snake Bite Melbourne: https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jan/06/tiger-snake-bites-father-and-son-in-their-melbourne-home Is Venomous: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_snake Not to mention the sharks, crocodiles, really scary jellyfish, and the most dangerous of all, dropbears. At this point, I'm either failing to see your sarcasm, or convinced you really ARE the Tourism Board of Australia.
Oops I just posted something similar. Kudos! :)
Death by snoo snoo
This comment applies to m-BOOOM
Yeh, they got it from the French, who are still the masters. The rest of the English (for America, "English")-speaking world has already implemented said sense of humour. If you are unaware, you should check out American political comedy by the LEGENDARY John Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Bill Maher, Seth Meyers, British ex-pat John Oliver, Canadian ex-pat Samantha Bee, etc, etc. Some great stuff. I'm sure others can add. Case in point, he's getting hammered at home, comedy-wise, too. He's seriously done-gone fucked up international relations with Europe to the point that he's not welcome. THAT is no joke. Unless you're not American. I personally find the empire-to-ashes scenario fucking #hilarious
It's the only special of his I actually find slightly funny at some parts, and this is specifically one of those moments. Otherwise, I'm not a dad (that I know of), nor balding and rounding 50 (that I know of), ,and find his material completely unrelatable. I honestly have no idea why he's considered an icon. On the flip, he's dope as for nulling scalped ticket numbers in Vancouver, cuz, fuck scalpers. What a boss. Full support.
Will admit I haven't watched wrastling since about 1991, once I was 9 and found out it was fake, along with Santa. Is wrastling a 3hr tv show now?! I zone out for actually sports. Can't imagine watching the Ultimate Warrior v André the Giant for 3 hours! Edit: jk, I know they're gone and it's really sad cuz they were as awesome to me at 9 as monster trucks and the ninja turtles were.
Chapter 34: Don't fuck up the promotion you've been waiting for the last decade.
That is going to be a really long poop
Brilliant
... #Feminism
Meanwhile in Poland, the Domesday Accord led to a Spanish inquisition.
Close enough
#drugzrbad Edit: hashtag, not bold text
I don't get this one. Please enlighten me? Edit: NM, sorted it out
Anyone can get that degree online these days anyway
Hypnotisk.
We're gonna need one of those Costco-sized jars here compadrés.
We wash our ziplocks.
Let me introduce you to the concept of spending all your money on alcohol.
Jar of peanut butter + spoon = you
Wow so cheap! Source: Ex Toronto, current Vancouver (we feel your pain).
If you enjoy beer, we have a tonne of craft breweries in the city. Check out East Van, the subculture hub. Walk north up commercial from Broadway, do a brewery tour at the end (Parallel 49, Bomber, Off the Rail, Strange Fellows &amp; more are all in close vacinity to each other).
Found the kiwi.
I don't get it
I do! I never got any swag on either of my buses this morning :(
Plot twist: Those weren't Translink employees
The last couple times I've applied for jobs some companies haven't even bothered to call or email a decline. How times have changed indeed.
They do a GIANT corn maze every fall outside Vancouver with craft breweries serving beer at bars in within the maze. Even our corn maze is max hipster.
I tried 7 different services for my Galaxy S6 (locked to Fido) when I went overseas. None of them could provide me with a code, and had horrible horrible customer service, if any at all. Most of the sites kept my money for several days/weeks until I threatened reporting them to the authorities. Several of the websites were run by the same person - I consider it to be a scam.
ZEPPELIN RUUUUULLLEEESSS!
DICK-tation. I wanted to be DICK-tator but this bloke in year 12... Became DICK-tator
Because they didn't want their personal info compromised?
Nunchuck skills, axe throwing skills....
Hi, male here, this is exactly what I wrote, but deleted in fear of sounding like a horrible person. Thank you for being a voice of reason. Unless she explicitly (literally my words too) told or motioned for you to stop, how are you to know? Of course "no means no". But you have to say "no" in some sort of way first. Not sure if it's a good idea, but have you tried reaching out to her to talk about it? Tough break. Just don't ever make advances towards women. That's my solution. Let them make the first move.
That's all teachers do. Source: dating(ish) one.
I can video chat with someone half way across the world for free on my touch screen pocket computer.
Can't tell if really dumb or really witty (craft beer doesn't come in "30-packs").
As I said in the beginning, this was all planned with the shake up. Didn't Bettman even use the excuse that "The conferences are uneven as is" to deny QC a team? Such bull...
Bettman asked teams not to leak
Still a stupid name
The amount of complaining I've heard about it being hot in Phx... It's almost like it's a stupid idea to live in the desert!
Really? I find it the same as other political capitals I've been to (Ottawa, Canberra, etc) in that it is fairly boring. Night life is ok I guess.
Because malls are doing so well these days...
Who cares?! Especially considering the Aquilini's are notorious assholes.
It's the racism I disagree with.
Yeh the city really deserved it in comparison.
Haha great stuff
I've never ever seen that.
(CLB)
I mean but seriously it looks rigged. Didn't see that happening for QC or WPG ...
And then Roy came along and goalies learned how to goaltend.
I feel like they will be trying to now.
It's so good, but I can never watch any more than the first verse.
The best case scenario is that they move back to Quebec where the owners would care....
I feel like the Habs would take a gamble on him. Also need scoring. Have wanted to reunite him with former teammate Galchenyuk the last couple years as they had mad chemistry in junior.
And he would of gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you meddling kids!
Thanks, TIL about deferred contracts!
I'd imagine at least 90% of the younger NHLers are bro's... "jock" is pretty synonymous with "bro" IMO.
Yes, definitely will take all the help we can get.
We have. Open your eyes.
Please no.
Well it was in the USSR, which was a different country.
Came for the hockey news, still turns into a rant about how high housing prices are here. Touché.
Me too. CLASSIC.
Thanks for sharing! Great idea. I would send gold-for-coasters, personally.
Yes. Beard power.
Wait, was going to make an NSW joke... But your Newtown comment... So this hockey themed beer is in Australia?!
It is. The French (France) gave taken a shine to it too.
Coming from a Torontonian?
Brilliant.
Or used M. Knife Shamaylan. Alright I'll see myself out.
I was waiting for them to interact. I have no idea how you keep your train of thought with someone talking right next to you for that long!
FINALLY. I'VE FOUND YOU SOULMATE.
Pitchforks?
That's some Chuck Norris level shit right there.
I watched the first episode and it screamed Indy. It was a bizarre interview format. I wasn't a fan, but in all fairness maybe I didn't give it a chance.
Nailed it.
I'll add one nobody will probably suggest: F-Zero 64. Great racing game.
Jesus. I'm starting to believe the conspiracies that he IS immortal...
Fuck being "cool". Just be you. That's "cool" to me. And I'm cool.
showerthoughts
"If we vacuum less, nobody will want to come visit" *-The aliens, probably*
That's very sweet of you. I love playing gift tricks on people! I once came home for Christmas after travelling for many years, and I almost killed my mother via heart attack. Still worth it.
Contact the band. Relay your gripe. They'll prolly hook you up.
Goddamned you. Make me upvote a Leafs fan and everything?!
Story Czech's oot.
Definitely Germanic. Not Swedish by any means, as it didn't follow the traditional Scandinavian naming structure of "*_son", or "son of _". But, European nonetheless. So close enough. Not being a dick, just saying. :) Edit: wordssons
IF I HEAR ANOTHER LEAFS FAN SAY THAT THEY WERE A LIFER, I'M GOING TO SMACK THEM WITH THEIR CROSBY/OILERS JERSEY SO HARD, THEY'LL ADMIT TO BEING A LEAFS FAN
SEE YOU IN QUEBEC CITY IN FIVE YEARS
ONE TAVARES SIGNING RIGHTS FOR A SLIGHTLY USED PACIORETTY PLEASE
NOT SORRY
Uh no. Atlantic by far.
Wouldn't be the first time I've heard it's popular amongst the biker crowd.
This guy repeats second grade
Is anyone?!
Have you checked yamkipedia?
Depends on one's definition of "shithole" really, doesn't it?
Sorry about that. Was a life goal.
Amazing.
I mean, they were, you just haven't got to that time yet.
Toronto is the centre of the universe. Half of the regional media don't even know Dallas has a hockey team.
Classic. I can never get past the *wipe the equipment off after use* part though.
I have travelled fairly extensively, giving up most of my material possessions along the way - but this makes me miss my old systems! And don't listen to the jerks, it's not the size of the tv that matters, but what you do with it! ;D
Hey, you gotta stay one step ahead of the game.
I flew them last year, everyone spoke English.
If anything, hopefully this makes the lineup go faster therefore creating a higher demand for burger flippers. Probably not though.
LPT: Save money for a car. BONUS LPT: Save money.
DJ on the peak speculated he'd run for Premier.......
*taps nose in affirmation
The logo is a broken jpg symbol
They'll prolly cele more tbh. This could actually be an exciting tourney.
No Doan either.
I see your point. But, these athletes generate billions in revenue. They could of maybe split the insurance costs and then the players could represent their countries, the NHL could get international attention, and the Olympics would of probably generated far more revenue.
And the Swedes, Fins and Russians... What are we looking at here?
I not gonna lie... This one wooshed me for a minute. I'm now left questioning my reading comprehension skills.
Thank god I'm already on the toilet.
Very sad. Mental illness is very real. I wish him the best of luck, and hope he finds inner peace.
That duck pond just be deeper that it looks...
Lol @ oilers comment
I think Friedman deserves it. He's very professional. I can't comment on Marek as I'm not too familiar with him.
It looks like a VERY happy (male) rabbit
Yeh this is why this wasn't an accident. They were testing you.
I don't use the term "hero" very often...
I paid $65CAD at the game store 😐
Seconded. I will go out of my way to buy this coffee.
Do any of those teams have decent puck-moving LHD prospects?
Reddit's man of the hour. What a boss.
Haha beat me to the punch
I would like to offer up my services for the Montreal Canadiens. Where are you ridiculous Leafs fans at?
I would like to offer up my services for the Montreal Canadiens. Where are you ridiculous Leafs fans at?
It's a simple question.
When the tables are too close together.
That's great advice.
Something I'm still trying to teach my parents
Probably mirror what a million people have said here, don't move in with a partner at a young age. God I was young and dumb.
The real LPT is in the comments.
It's because you pushed him down the stairs, isn't it?
Yes, it is my fav board game. It's the only game I can get my non-gaming friend's to play. It's easy, short, and can be vicious. Sidenote: I lost mine in a sticky breakup (so heartbroken!). I hear there is a newer version with space kitty, no kraken. Can anyone advise me on which version I should (re)buy?
I think the internet won the internet today
*misfires banana
I don't get it
I would say delicious.
!redditsilver
Micro machines commercial https://youtu.be/TzbUPfoveok I think he must of been related to the scatman.
ShittyLPT: Keep 'em waiting just to let them know who the important one is.
Curry to scrambled eggs is next level Credit: old roommate
It looks like the one is a hawk.
Hey I live in those places!
I'll show you mine if you show me yours
MIND. BLOWN. Why weren't you in my grade 4 class?
Why do I feel like I'm witnessing the beginning of a copy pasta if it isn't already? Edit: a word
Towely, you're the worst character ever
Great repost. Still re-read it.
Cool.
!RedditGarlic
Horrifying story. But that guy is the grooviest dude to ever exist.
Nobody was still naming their kids Donald *before* Trump made America great again... That's a baby boomer name
Here here
CLASSIC TABLE FLIP (It's an Aussie thing)
Me too! Was 4. Saw it from Perth Australia. My kindergarten backpack was a Halley's comet with a smiling face.
And Canada
Moby?
Rats because they would outnumber, and Hawks so they don't pick off my rat army (plus don't eff with raptors).
Underrated post
RIP Sketch Corner. I hope cannibals ate culture-killer Mega-City Mel from the toes UP.
Well, if we simply raise more cows, they'll produce more manure, which will produce more rain forest. Foolproof.
I'm just here to kill time until my bacon is done cooking, honestly.
Badass. I think I can see the flux capacitor.
I think the logic is "Fuck the rest, as long as we gain a personal advantage". Confucianism at its finest.
There's some panda in the back too hey
If I recall, it wasn't a family poop knife, didn't he hide it from the family?
Fuck that blanket!
As someone who has been well over 100 times, this is 100% accurate.
Insane?! Sunset clauses are good in my eyes. It allows one to back out of a deal if they feel they're being screwed over. Not happy with Trudeau this week at all. Edit: on second thought fuck NAFTA anyway, so, meh.
Weird, TM popped into my head yesterday! Hive mind shit.
Cheese curds are fairly hard to find in other provinces.
To be patient enough to wait for the 10/10 girl instead of settling.
What sort of odds we talkin' here?
Thank god Hartford doesn't have a team any more. *(not really, I miss them, baby come back)*
Torontonians pronounce "Toronto" as "Toronno". The second "T" is very soft. Source: lived there for years.
Canada is directly blaming "this administration"
This is exactly the moment that came to mind for myself
Really?! Man, it's like $6+ for a loaf here.
Wow, I had the same pair, barely lasted 6 months. Really shitty brand.
What would Edm realistically give the habs to snag Zadina at #3?
I'd like to know what sort of asset we could get for trading down and drafting coke can.
I think we should trade our first for 3x 2nds. (kidding)
If we snagged Domi I really feel like Patches would move.
The season is too long for my A.D.D. honestly.
Domi &amp; 5th
We are not drafting based on how NHL-ready a player is.
All of this. He actively Americanizes the sport, which, like all things, ruins it.
Lol. This guy regresses.
Baddum tssh
Gary Bettman
1000% Pittsburgh.
He was a wild one with the travel bug, not unlike myself. I don't watch much tv, but I would always binge his shows on airplanes. RIP
Pass.
Oh shit, we're fucking doing it for realsies? I love you fam.
But Better 😉
Nailed it.
The Jasonville Jason's?
I've never seen that show Real Housewives, but I imagine it's like this dramatic episode.
My absolute most favourite punk song ever. I like you.
Ah, you mean the mattress district.
But then you wake up to a stolen porch.
And I was gonna just suggest jerseying them. This redditor trade wars.
Ah, the old rage boner
I would do patches for ROR in a fucking heartbeat.
Aww don't say that. We'll prolly trade the #3 for Toews. That'll help them out.
One ROR please.
Please stop playing with my heart. I'll fucking streak if this is our offseason.
It's sad that I didn't even baulk at this.
Should of packaged the GMs
Lol. That guy sounds pleasant.
Coat Man the Emmy
No, dig up, stupid
GET OOT
Big if True
It's alright, we'll credit you under your artist name on the billboard.
Agreed
Hahaha I would die if I saw that.
Who do you think could be a great (available) centre the Habs could possibly target at pick 35?
Fucking fade me
I'm almost there
Or kill them...
YOWZERS! ALL THE WAY TO PAST HIS PRIME?!
Habs need C and LHD, and a winger has been the consensus #3 since they were awarded the pick. It's actually a tough spot.
Well put. What would the Rangers be looking for in return?
The Giants have moved a bit further outside of Vancouver. They get decent coverage. Victoria gets a lot of coverage. The Winterhawks are huge.
As a Habs fan I'd entertain the idea of sending the 38th and your 56th back for that 25th. How's that sound?
It's the equivalent of wearing a bag over my head
You're getting the band back together!
Unsubscribe
Looks like Philly to me
Shades of Alfredsson
We are our own worst enemy. We'll, after the Leafs and Bruins that is...
Fucking fade me
*rolls down window* *makes circling pointing gesture* "G-GO AROUND! A-ROUUNNDD"
"Well golly gee, I sure am I a doozie of a pickle now".
Fuck Joel is the worst kind of facepunch.
Holy shit this guy is gonna end up going nuclear. Somebody stop him.
Guess it's back to Blackberry and Nokia. Gonna be funny when we turn the lights out on New York state though.
Apparently we're not you allies any more?
Not with us here in Canada. We've been allies for a very long time. The US really needs to stop being so bro and cut this shit out.
In north America we pronounce it day-tuh. In the UK/Aus/NZ we pronounce it da-ta.
Now close your eyes and whisper to a magical carpenter in the sky
Found the Christian.
"Ricky the Raptor Raps the Rapture"
Hello Future People! (I hope you haven't made it suck!)
Nice.
Me too. Dave's not here man.
Cool now let's all die prematurely of unnecessary cancer after mistreating both each other and our home.
I've always loved them. Best ones in the world. And they're so rare to see on the roads that it's neat to see one.
Always so charming...
Yes it would.
Just one? It's Sunday. High.
Lime greenish
Yeh but being able to fly around the world to music festivals and smash super hot 20-something tail in my mid-30s is way more fun for me. Plus I'm not destroying the planet by contributing to the population crisis. Just my view on life though, I respect yours as long as you have had less than 3 children.
Whot
It always fucks me up as my family live in Canada.
I thought they were a fob
Definitely a beautiful sounding instrument
Toronto is not the centre of the universe. You think they're shipping $2 frozen muffins from Toronto to Vancouver? Doesn't seem like an intelligent business plan to me.
I like the term "cannabis". It has a nice ring to it. "Pot" is so 1990/white trash.
Well that's what I assumed. I have never heard of genital mutilation being popular in Greek culture (?)
Yehhhhhhhh
I'd be ok with KingKongNummy or Hughes at this point. In any case, we're getting a good player. Would be terrific if Domi could play C...
I'm just as shocked as you are.
Oof
This is my dream.
As it is written.
Fucking fade me
Literally said this today. Darkest timeline.
As a Vancouverite, I lol'd.
You're with the Jets, right?
Cuz they're a realistic fan.
We're burning it down, apparently.
Two teams, one arena
Subscribe
Yeh, at least you're not us (insert hidden Habs flair)
Oh I totally agree. We have solid pieces detrimental to winning the cup. Develope all that you can whilst still losing, then last minute find the last couple cogs you need with mad cap space, in order to win it all; then lay down the hammer. We're going to go from mediocre to extremely good in a season or two. Just being snarky about the bad times.
I feel like we're not losing the Patches trade honestly. Surely we're getting better out of this sending the best goal scorer/Mr. Bean impersonator to ever grace the ice?!
Oi no buds, its the hair. Plus once I saw Patches driving down the street on the top of a mini.
Brought to you by potcoin
Nail-in-the-coffin'd it!
Any chance this mug first depicted the original inventor?
Goddammit, I'm going cicada mode then. Wake me in umpteenish years, if the earth isn't totally nuked by then. Fuck, that's next week isn't it?
Yeh. Plus he could put up hella goals at the same time. Kind of a legend, really.
If we trade that 3rd for ROR I think there will be riots
I thought Ottawa was taking them for sure. Then when Ari passed on him I actually started feeling bad for the guy.
I like to imagine that no scouts *actually* scout, spend all their travel allowance on fun nights, then are all pressed for time and just check reddit hockey before mailing it in to their GMs.
For the first time, I think MB made the right choice. Risky move by a man treading water. That speaks droves about confidence in this kid. Plus the fact that Zadina fell to 6th speaks A LOT about what happens behind closed doors. No knock to Zadina, he's prolly going to be great. But I am confident that even our idiot management got their man. I'm stoked to see a Finnish centre come back home. Me boy, Saku 2.0 is here. We won today. I'm squeee. Hopefully the gamble works!
Quit harshing on my Finnish centre party bruhz
Whoa did he actually say that. Gulp. Boy wants to play in Canada and wanted to play for us. Dang I feel bad for the homie.
Links?
I think it speaks folds about you as a person to leave that comment. Either grow up, find friends, or seek help mate. I love this sub because it is full of highly intelligent individuals. Stats analysts and GoFundMe billboard creators, and, just to dumb it down enough, snarky idiots like me who come here simply to find sollace in our beloved franchises mismanagement. To say you hate this sub, really, just speaks about your own lack of inner peace. So either get the fuck out, or stop hating. I'm here if you need to vent. DM me if ya want to bitch about anything. And feel free to throw shade. I really don't care. I know who I am. I encourage you to learn who you are too! :)
&lt;3 &lt;3 Ps, we got a centre Pps, &lt;3
Nah. We picked him for a reason, and I think it's past organisational fulfilment. I believe we drafted the best player possible, and he just happened to be C. We could of taken GRIT like the Sens did. But we drafted the best player possible. Seeing zadina drop to 6 makes me feel better about our scouting.
I mean, wings do, so he's still gonna play us 5x/yr ftr. But at least if it burns us, it's not the Sens. Bonus: how great was it hearing OTT mgmt get boo'd like Bettman.
Fuck, mine's just full of jelly beans.
And with a mighty roar, the "awoooga" was introduced to the world.
Logo cool. Arms not.
4-1
Sweet, thanks for the info.
Excellent. Let's hope he can be a top-4 and solve some problems!
I legit thought we would do this. Wings with 2 steals.
Surely by sheer numbers something will pan out. Just throwing shit at the wall and see what sticks. Not a bad strategy.
Nice.
I'm happy we drafted Coke Can. Especially after seeing Zadina drop to 6th (but still in our division unfortunately). I'm glad we didn't draft Thachuk, as he may just end up being a LW. I'm happy we drafted 80 centres. Surely something will work there. I wish we drafted a higher LD though. But it seems like Timmons values high IQ, which is great. Work smart, not hard!
That mugshot kind.
*broken heart *FTFY*
I'm actually very surprised. They clearly learned from the Stamkos saga. I think this is proof they're pretty happy with their rebuild.
I can't believe we didn't at least try this towards the end. But c'est la vie
Yeh Carr isn't the answer
Would be the first reality tv show I watch
I think it's a good deal.
As a Habs fan, I have never seen this.
Most of us are in the rebuild train. It's just price and weber...
Lol how's your goaltending?
I get your point, but we lost the PK, Shaw, Drouin, and Chucky trades by a mile. The Alzner contract is ridiculous. The only thing that makes these trades somewhat acceptable is that they are possibly based on personality/locker room dynamics, in which case, I can understand the reasoning. But on paper, you can't possibly think this is good asset management. Drafting is a different story. Timmons is a legend. I'm happy with our draft (would of preferred one more LHD over a C though).
Swedes contacting Johan Tavaresson shortly...
Quality
Ok, poor choice of words. I actually liked the Eller trade. It was time for him to have a change of scenery and I feel we got a good haul for him. The others, I don't feel quite as positive about. Weber was obviously going to age, and as such, came in on a worse contract. We traded away a prime LHD prospect that we desperately needed for someone who is realistically, was never the answer from the get-go. Domi is a project, I hope he pans out, but I remain reserved - we traded away someone who potted a tonne of goals on a team desperate for it. I'm not going to get into heavy detail about each trade, nor do I necessarily disagree, based on the personal issues rumors. But c'mon. You can call it rhetoric. But these aren't winning on paper.
Just booked a ticket to Hungary. Building (an interactive sphinx/cat temple) at an electronic music festival for the first time. Both so excited and so nervous. Gotta get from blip on the map to smaller blip on the map at night. Any advice on hitchhiking through rural Hungary at night would be appreciated. Pre-emptive *I know this is crazy*, but this is what stories are made of and why life is worth living. Side-note: I've fought gypsies before; but I'd rather avoid this again. Edit: I am genuinely not bragging, but anxious AF. Legit asking for tips.
Fluffers
I was admittedly on the JT hype train, but fuck it. Let's rebuild. He's only gonna keep us just good enough to bow out first round. This is a good thing. We got stacks of centres now, and something will pan out.
Me too. We have lots of pieces, just not the final pieces. Just be shit one more year, then plug in the final pieces.
Just stay away from that Molson garbage eh buds.
I'll keep my poor analysis of the state of this team to this sub, thank you very much.
Wait wtf. Gilmour played for us? This must of been in my dankest chasing tail years....
Ouch. Harsh.
Hey, gotta aim for the fences. Don't blame him. Surely he knows he's not getting that. Fuck, what I'd do with $64MM....I'd be dead within the week.....
We trade him at the deadline to the highest bidder.
For a win-now team, it's not bad.
I agree with most of what you've said, but Weber is already not the fastest on the ice. I see him aging profusely. But PK plays a bit of bang-and-crash too, so, you're right. He may age at the same rate eventually. Obv chucky is a project too. That's why he was traded. I just think he is less of an output project, but may be more of a personality project. I guess I just expect more of a haul for a 3OA pick than a dude who didn't score 10 goals last year. But c'est la vie I suppose. I'll take IQ and effort any day. Gally is a great example of that, so if Domi is the same, great! After the draft, my opinion of MB has changed slightly, I'll fully admit. The thing is, he came in expecting to rebuild, but we crushed. So he had to role with it. Now it's his time to actually forge his vision. I just really think we should of kept that D. But let's go with it. Should get a prime draft spot next year too. A couple of good picks, and with Price and Weber (no matter his age), this ship is prolly gonna turn around quick-time. Thanks for the level-headed convo. You're great!
Hey, you're the catalyst, I'm just here for the cultural lolz. Feel free, mi amigo.
I don't think I want him. Tank another year. Rebuild.
Speaking of which, is there a season pass to watch Laval games? I might as well get that instead this year.
*baddies Best. show. ever.
If the money is right?
Yeh true. You'd have to think of Tavares lands in SJ nobody is going to want to leave.
Is patches really worth all that? He's a rental for the time being.
Pass.
Good point. But what Stanley Cup finalist has $10MM in cap spa- oh wait...
Falkin brilliant save
YOU'RE a blugar
I legit saw a man in a brand new Nissan SUV filled to the brim with bags of cans yesterday here in Vancouver. Anything is possible.
As a Habs fan, I feel bad for you :(
Lol best line.
Lol. A year or two ago, Dudes got pulled over crossing the border between Cali and another state (New Mexico or Nevada perhaps?) with a semi FULL of cans they were planning to cash in for the extra 5¢. Apparently it's a federal charge and they were looking at serving a couple years in jail. But sorry for the tangeant. Case in point, Melnyk def collects cans.
Thanks anyway. Just gonna keep my head on a swivel and prolly pony up for access to google translate.
Drive it like you stole it. Don't tell anyone in Vancouver though. Our all-time, North American record-setting prices just jumped another 10¢/L this week (due to Canada day I figure). $1.60/L, currently.
After the last CBA, The max length of a contract is now 8 years.
Lol, I'm guessing that's not Canada... People will stop in the middle of the street for pedestrians to cross here. I watched a homeless guy push a shopping cart and pull a suit case across one of the busiest 4-lane roads (Broadway) in Vancouver today.... It's kind of dangerous that people just stop, but case in point, I've never seen someone lay on the horn at the person in front of them letting someone cross at a crosswalk.
Ew. It was 14C here in Vancouver this week.
Wait, if you're all here, then whose plowing the roads?
I was expecting "... The driver asked the dog to pay the fare, then kicked him off for not having any money"
Oh... I was going to move there. It does not look like I imagined. Second guessing myself now. Looks exactly like the [Fraser Valley](https://goo.gl/maps/jEXcAs1hMVN2). Edit: Not that there's anything wrong with that, I just live near a similar-looking landscape already.
Hahaha snap. But seriously I moved here because I can't stand how cold it is everywhere else in Canada. I can barely do 0C. I'm a wuss!
"Lemonade"
Is this a common scenario?! Asking for a friend whose never been in this situation.
It *should* be! *FTFY*
Haha. I'll pass it on!
I get your point Fam, you are literally correct. However, as an Aussie-Canadian 4x4 enthusiast, if I may add my two cents, I think of a ute more like a car with a tray. They are small and have low clearance. I could see the use in using both terms to differentiate the vehicles, should trucks successfully penetrate the Australia market.
"Buzzer number?" "...guess"
I was about to say the exact same thing. Love a good 'Murca razzing, but this isn't cool at all.
I am currently living in BC, Canada. I also live in Victoria on and off. Admittedly, I haven't lived in/been to WA since 1989, so perhaps it is different there. I don't want to start an argument - I'm just shooting the shit - but this is a common example of one of the smallest trucks (frame-wise) on the market in North America [lifted](https://twstatic.net/attachments/img_0780-jpg.1478425/). I know it looks like a toy, but something like this, or much larger is a common site here on the West Coast. Trucks can come with hitches to pull 18-wheeler trailers. I have never seen that for a ute (but maybe that is a reality out in WA). Victoria and NSW also have tire size limits for street, I know that much. The Landcruisers are sweet (they are my fav vehicle in Australia, now that I think about it), and rugged - so you are right not all ute's are cars with trays. But I think my point still stands that utes aren't trucks, and I think that distinction is important.
I just realized I'm better in relationships with those I don't fall hard for. I get stupid if I really like them. It's a problem.
It would be awesome if they went through a green light and there was another group waiting at a red light doing the same thing. You know, puddle traffic.
NO ANDTHEN!
Maybe the jogger mistook you for someone else?!
See, I like to mess with people. This is a good one.
It is very regional. It's trendy for Parisian youth to be fluent in English, whereas areas of rural France won't speak English at all. Berliners all speak English, whereas Swabians tend to struggle in my experience. Most continental Europeans under, say 40, can at least communicate roughly in a second language. A surprising number of my European friends can speak 3-5.
Gendarmerie are military police for those wondering. I've heard of the Brabant Killers, but never this conspiracy theory. Looks pretty suspicious.
Wow crazy.
You should check out this guy named Bernie Sanders. Sound economics for the lower and middle classes. Less preachy regarding those things you mentioned didn't effect you.
I wonder how my diseases were manufactured in labs and released in the public? *"they'll give you a disease so they can sell you the cure"*
Sounds rough
Dunno if this joke is "stupid", but... How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.
You don't think Reddit be like it is but it do.
Same here. I think I got a 6ft (2m) for about $40...
Yeh that's what I figured. Quite a ridiculous waste of paper. The cashiers must have to change those roles every hour.
Great link. Great show. Just threw on an episode the other day funny enough.
Interesting to note the British English version stuck in the States but not Canada (at least all the regions I have lived in). I also didn't realize they were called [Woodlice](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woodlouse) until recently either.
This is the actual answer.
Thanks for your input. Stay safe!
This is peak intertnetting for myself. Fucking hats off, good sir. Hats off.
Doze lips. Rawr.
Same. Funniest post in a while.
Seattle Risky Click of the Day's
I vote [The Salmon Dance](https://youtu.be/dDj7DuHVV9E) for goal song.
This is classic r/bettereveryloop. I watched it like 10x. Just gangster shit.
He probably just ate a different turkey tho...
What the fuck is salad cream?
Word. Realize I'm late, but thanks for this post.
Holy shit that's a lot of money just to deliver some packages. I wouldn't be complaining about work load AT All. I'm a 5th year Carpenter and get paid half that.
I'm out of the loop. What are we all offended about today?
Maybe we should build a wall, eh.
I don't understand. If you explain to the customer it will be a charcoal hockey puck, what the frig did he expect?! People boggle my mind. Making sure he saw the timer here was key!
I'm surprised a forklift can handle the weight of a vehicle.
I've seen forklifts tip. I've driven them sporadically. I just thought a car would be too heavy of a load, and that the forklift would not have enough weight to stay upright. Edit: I'm speaking of the average-sized forklift
Telehandlers have 4 wheels and a much larger base. I feel like they probably have a much lower centre of gravity. But point taken. Edit: 4 large wheels, spread out over a larger distance.
Yeh, I just didn't think a forklift battery or engine would be enough to counterweight. That hyster is a beast. Thanks for taking the time to explain! TIL!
Lol! Burst out laughing reading this comment.
This redditor sciences.
This redditor geographies.
Fuck, I hate the back-9, eh.
This is so depressing and true.
Have you considered getting a bigger desk?
The Americans love bourbon. I would never touch that sugary garbage with a 10m pole.
Supporting a country that is committing the largest genocide since WW2, good?
Pura Vida
I don't understand why this isn't done way more often. It's essentially rugby....
Yeh I get the rules, it's also live in rugby. The speed of the DBs is the difference here, which I had never considered. Thanks for the great explanation! I've wondered this for like 25 years since moving to North America! Edit: now that I think about it, I don't believe you are allowed to block a player not carrying the ball in rugby either (?), where you can in grid iron, leading to more open lanes.
Lol! Is it law to have to provide a reference letter?
That's pretty funny.
Whoa weird. Only the second one I've caught myself in (jet engines on airplanes being the first).
I believe you're referring to the 7 NATURAL wonders of the world...
It's almost like the company updated their logo?! We're *through* the looking glass people.
Of course. There is no evidence of an afterlife. I'd rather be a Skeleton than not exist at all.
I... Did not expect that....
Milk crate in dumpster.
Yeh fake. Who puts their tv on the fucking floor instead of the milk crate RIGHT NEXT TO IT.
Lucky you. It's gonna need an epic fire pit...
This may explain the lack of functioning air conditioning on the Sydney ones.
