You could live just about any lifestyle you liked and still have plenty left over to do lots of philanthropy. That or leave it all to your kids so you can ruin their lives. :)
http://youtu.be/wGdhc9k07Ms
Powerball tickets are $2 each, not $1. So at best you'd break even.
I thought I read somewhere that sharks don't get cancer either.
As sci-fi as many of the comments are, I think you all have it wrong. Yes, humans will travel to the stars and not by uploading our minds into robots or building space arks that would take centuries to travel the distance. We will get there by finding a way to travel across the great distances quickly. I don't yet know what form that will take but we know so little about the universe and physics at this point (or to put it another way, I'm quite certain there is a LOT left to be discovered). It will also likely take far longer than you realize. I'm thinking 200 to 300 years at least before the technology is created and matures to the point where we can use it.
I think we will find a way. The best candidate technology at this point is warping space as they do in Star Trek.
But it won't matter because of the time scale involved. No one is going to be willing to pay for a mission that will take 100 years or more. The only realistic solution is to find a way to travel quickly. I don't know what that way is but there was a time when traveling across the ocean wasn't possible. There was a time when traveling through the air wasn't possible. There was a time when we had never been to the moon. In the next 20 years we may visit Mars. Just because we don't know today HOW we will do it, doesn't mean we won't.
In defense of Peter Jackson, he wasn't allowed to make his own movie. The original director, Guierrmo del Toro, had done all the pre-production while negotiations with UA (I believe) continued for the movie rights. When that was delayed, Del Toro could no longer wait as he had other projects planned and had to bow out. Jackson had to take over as director and asked the studio for a year to go back and do his own version of the movie. Remember that he was the Executive Producer. The studio declined so he had to start shooting what was essentially del Toro's movie. I'm quite sure that if del Toro had made the movie, it would have been different. Had Jackson been given the time he requested, it would have been a different movie. Unfortunately, that didn't happen and what we got is the result. LOTR is my all time favorite set of movies. I was really hoping The Hobbit would be more of the same. Alas, it was not meant to be.
NASA is in the experimental stages of a warp drive not unlike the concept used in Star Trek. I don't know what will come of it but NASA seems to think they are on to something worth some effort. It's a mistake to say "FTL travel is impossible so there's no point in working on that type of solution." Better to think about a way around it. Our history is filled with things once thought impossible. http://spaceref.com/nasa-hack-space/propulsion/clarifying-nasas-warp-drive-program.html
Nevertheless they are indeed doing at least conceptual research on it. Around the turn of the last century, students interested in going into physics were told not to bother because pretty much all that would ever be known about physics had already been discovered. We can look back now at just how arrogant and ignorant that thinking truly was. When Einstein wrote his paper on Special Relativity, it was an idea whose time had come. If he hadn't thought of it, someone else would have within 10 years or so. General Relativity, on the other hand, was such an extraordinary idea that without Einstein's discovery of it, we might still not know of it today. Considering how much technology upon which we depend wouldn't be here without it, imagine where we would otherwise be. Using words like "impossible", IMHO, are a bad idea when it comes to realms of knowledge for which we have only scratched the surface. They put ones mind in a box. I don't want us to make the mistake that our ancestors did of ignorantly assuming we have it all figured out. You could say that with knowledge we have today, we don't know how to travel quickly across that vast distances between stars. Conventional travel appears to be limited by the inconvenient equality of mass and energy but that doesn't mean we won't find some other way. Imagine living at the time of the American Revolution. Getting a message from England to America involved sailing across the Atlantic for many weeks. If your goal was to get the message to millions of people, you could just forget it as it would be prohibitively expensive. Now imagine bringing such a person forward a few hundred years and showing them modern television or video conferencing via the internet from a cell phone with people all over the world. This would seem impossible to them and unbelievable if they weren't seeing it for themselves. As Arthur C. Clarke famously said, it would be "indistinguishable from magic." Is today's technology the end of the road? Is there no more to learn? Of course not. 200 years from now, we will have technology and capabilities that to us today living in 2016 would be indistinguishable from magic.
No good deed goes unpunished.
It was going to be our first time (together - neither of us were virgins) and she was really pushing it. Problem was, we didn't have any protection and even if we had a condom, I wasn't going to risk it. We were engaged and if she got pregnant before the wedding, her parents would have been really pissed. So I told her we weren't having actual sex until she got on the pill. Then and only then, would we be having sex. It was one of those situations I thought would never happen where I would be the one having to do the right thing and say no to sex.
What has size got to do with it? Explain to me how we have government-provided social services now but somehow couldn't have others because we have too many people? How do economies of scale somehow go into reverse for social services?
Isn't this a little pointless since there's very little evidence he ever actually existed at all? If he did, he would have certainly looked middle eastern. If you think he was white, blame the Catholic Church would recast him as white centuries ago.
There are some pretty big assumptions in that logic. Just because the universe being a simulation is possible given an infinite timeline doesn't mean that it is one.
Not in dispute? There's no evidence outside of the Bible itself that Jesus ever existed. It's absolutely in dispute.
Right, but that's a HUGE given. Perhaps we have not yet reached the future yet where universes can be simulated. In any case, I wouldn't bet on it.
What "other secular sources?" There are only two outside of the Bible itself who mentioned Jesus. Tacitus mentioned Jesus by name and Josephus mentioned someone named Christus being executed by Pontius Pilate. However, neither Tacitus nor Josephus were contemporaries of Jesus. Both were born after the supposed death of Jesus (Josephus about 5 years after and Tacitus about 20) so they can't be considered evidence of his existence since they are clearly only writing from what they themselves heard or read elsewhere and not from their own eyewitness accounts. Josephus claimed God spoke to him directly so his credibility is highly suspect without even considering that he wasn't even alive while Jesus was. The debate regarding the existence of Jesus may be settled amongst Biblical scholars but they have an obvious bias. Scientists don't debate it because they see nothing to debate. Science deals in evidence. There is essentially no evidence whatsoever that Jesus ever really existed. However, there is considerable evidence that many of the stories from the Bible were essentially plagiarized from earlier religious mythologies. The debate over the existence of Jesus is only "settled" for those who don't require evidence.
You're describing a pure democracy which is not what how any western nations operate. We have a representative democracy. We have nationalized social services already such as Medicare which is more efficient than smaller private healthcare providers according to the CBO. Bigger doesn't automatically mean less efficient. Apple is the biggest company in the world (by market cap) and they are incredibly profitable.
The profit of any company is the difference between its revenue and expenses. Apple both had desirable products but also spends wisely. It's marketing is effective. It's product development is effective. It runs a very tight ship. There are plenty of examples of companies with lots of revenue but not much profit. Profit comes from both growing sales and managing expenses. As the CEO of a company for more than 20 years, this is something I know a lot about. Socialized medicine, just as one example, is not perfect a pseudo-free market healthcare system like the one in the US is also very inefficient due to entrenched profit interests. Not everything should be provided by the government but there are some areas (such as healthcare and prisons) where a free market runs counter to the best interests of the populous.
A MacBook Pro is the overall best choice if choice is what you care about. On it you can run MacOS, Windows and Linux as well as use it for iOS and Android development. If you buy a Windows Laptop, you lose the ability to code for macOS and iOS. PC laptops can be less expensive but not for the equivalent hardware. Most PC magazines have stated that if you buy a PC laptop with the equivalent quality hardware as a Mac, the cost will be similar.
Your behavior should be about who you wish to be, not how others will treat you.
Here's one of many. They are not hard to find. http://www.howtogeek.com/219478/surprise-macs-aren%e2%80%99t-necessarily-more-expensive-than-windows-pcs/
The MacBook Air has only 8GB of memory. If that's enough for you, great. It also doesn't have that great of a graphics card relative to the Pro. Just depends on what you need.
I recently bought one and I'm quite happy with it. Apple is somewhat limited in terms of what they can do in terms of processors and memory while maintaining good battery life. It's all a balancing act. For me, I'm digging Touch ID and the Touch Bar as well. I wasn't sure how much value the Touch Bar would really add but I've started using it and it's actually quite nice. Makes me realize just how underutilized the function keys have been all these years. It's not BS. If you compare Mac laptops to the equivalent PC hardware, they are similar in price. The difference is that Apple doesn't have an extreme low end the way the PC does.
That's true but that's not the whole problem. Healthcare companies know they have the customer by the shorthairs when it comes to their health whereas in a single payer system, the customer is the government.
I know a lot of programmers that would disagree but you're right that it really depends. RAM is cheap so it's not something to short yourself on.
While I see your point, Apple has said they will never add a touch screen because for a computer, it's a poor interface. I agree. No one wants to hold their arm out towards their screen. It works for a tablet because the tablet is already at arms length and touch is the primary interface. The Touch Bar to me is a good interface. It adds quick access to important functions. Like you, I want to see Apple innovate even more especially with the MacBook Pro. I'm not sure what that would be exactly though.
Correct. When Steve Jobs returned to Apple the first thing he did was simplify their entire line to four categories: Pro desktop, pro laptop, consumer desktop , consumer laptop. They got away from that a bit with the MacBook Air but it wouldn't surprise me if that goes away and the features of that end up in the MacBook.
Anything unethical is likely to be a lie. Relationships are based upon trust. Once the lie is revealed, the other party will realize their trust has been betrayed, possibly beyond repair. Not a good way to start or conduct a relationship. Honesty is the best policy.
"Ugly" is highly subjective and being rich only goes so far. Look at Rick Ocasek form the 1980's band, "The Cars." Not an attractive guy and yet he married a super model. Sure he was a rock star at the time but again with anyone partner of substance, any partner worth having a relationship with, being rich or famous is just bonus. FWIW, I dated a few women that I didn't find attractive initially. Once I got to know them, they became more attractive. I've also met women who were physically very attractive but became ugly once I got to know them due to their personalities. Just be yourself. The right person is out there but like being successful at anything, it rarely comes easy. Thomas Jefferson once said, "The harder I work the luckier I seem to get."
My wife. :). No one is perfect in reality but I can't imagine being married to anyone else.
It's the same thing. It's a lie. Someone who likes you under deceptive pretenses doesn't actually like you at all. Don't you get that? And when they find out they have been deceived, they are going to hate you. Get it?
Perhaps but I think Apple has a very good idea about who the average customer is. That might not be you or me but I'll bet the average customer doesn't need to add much that can't be added via USB. They probably never upgrade the machine. Or to put it another way, they value the trade-offs more (lighter, more battery life, better screen, etc.). Just a guess but I think it's probably right.
For some yes but when the new MacBooks came out and the most ram you could get was 16GB, there were a lot of people complaining. Apple said that more ram would shorten the battery life so they made a choice.
In a single payer system, the healthcare provider is being paid not by the patient but by the government. Whoever pays the bill is the customer.
I realize that the government is spending money that was provided to it in the form of taxes but in a single payer system the government is the one who is negotiating with healthcare providers. Ideally, a free market will drive efficency. However, when people are in pain they can't negotiate rationally. They want the pain to stop no matter what the cost. They've also gotten used to ignoring their health and expecting a quick fix via a pill or surgery rather than making the lifestyle changes they should have made years ago. When given a terminal cancer diagnosis, many will OK a treatment plan that will extend their life for 3 months but has a cost of over $100,000. I think the best we can likely do is a system that puts the patient in the driver's seat when it comes to cost. This means that everyone has a high deductible insurance plan so they won't go broke if they are hospitalized and a health savings account to pay for doctor visits, prescriptions, etc. Healthcare providers should be required to provide price lists that are simple and concise which would lead to price competition that really doesn't exist in healthcare today. There's no reason they can't do this today. This puts the patient in the position of deciding how to spend their money. Such a system can be socialized in that it's subsidized by the government based upon income. If the individual wants to contribute to it to get a better plan, they can do so. What I'm suggesting would be a truly free market plan which we don't have today because costs aren't generally discussed until after the fact. Most people don't even realize how much they can negotiate down their hospital bills either. However, we do need everyone to be insured because hospitals are required to treat anyone who comes in. Such a system, IMHO, provides the best of both worlds and is simpler than the Affordable Care Act. It's not perfect. The healthcare providers still have you by the shorthairs but at least published price lists would bring the cost of service front and center where it belongs and hopefully some downward price pressure as well. We also need to find a way to get doctors out of CYA mode where they order far more tests than necessary just to decrease the likelihood of being sued.
17 years ago on Matchmaker.com.
I don't like Trump but I'm pretty sure that Kim Jung Un is a blowhard like his father. He knows that if he EVER sets off a nuke outside of a cave in North Korea, it will bring about the end of his rein and country. NATO forces will immediately move in and remove his regime, followed by the reunification of South and North Korea.
I'm going to say no, he never said that.
No, that was for Syrian refugees. Trump has been asked repeatedly about a Muslim registry and he has said we should have one. Of course he's backing away from that now but apparently it's still on his website. Let's just all accept that Trump just says whatever he's thinking at the moment without regard to the truth or any semblance of consistency. He's the bullshitter to end all bullshitters.
Hey, I didn't vote for him and the fact that he's going to be President is both embarrassing and terrifying at the same time. Having said that, you know that Trump feels like other countries need to pull their weight more (which is yet another indicator that he doesn't have a clue about US foreign policy). He would almost certainly demand NATO handle North Korea should it need handling.
Gus wouldn't do business with Walt if Jessie was in the picture. Walt reluctantly agreed. When Walt found out that Gus had hired him an assistant who would clearly eventually be capable of replacing him, Walt stopped trusting Gus. Breaking Bad is the story of a good man going bad in an attempt to do good (by his family) and in the process, causing a bad man to become good.
An important difference between Hitler and Trump is that Hitler had a well-thought out (and of course evil) plan. Trump has no plan. Everything he does is entirely off the cuff.
The US is the most influential member of NATO. If North Korea set off a nuke against another nation, Trump wouldn't even need to ask.
Any rogue nation that nuked another would immediately be the subject of invasion by NATO. If you think NATO otherwise you don't understand NATO. What do you think would happen if Pakistan nuked India?
Trump has made some noises about healthcare but, like everything else, he has no plan.
You're asking too much of him. The man isn't capable of that. His ego is such that the only mode it can handle is one where he just does and says whatever he wants: truth, logic, morality, honor and tradition be dammed.
An interesting side note: Venus rotates on its axis in the opposite direction from all other planets which astronomers believe means it was hit by something big early in its formation.
The money is used to improve the environment thus offsetting the damage a company does to it.
You don't really need cow's milk though. You get plenty of calcium from other foods.
He has no political experience and he's an egotistical, narcissistic, bullshitter extraordinaire with no particular devotion to truth, morality, honor, logic or tradition. Yes, he will probably shake things up but in the same way a frustrated parent shakes a crying baby.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_mitigation
Could you elaborate? Carter didn't get us into a war nor did Clinton or Obama. You could perhaps argue that Kennedy did but Vietnam was being overrun by a communist threat which was a pretty big deal at the time.
I don't know but Venus does rotate in the opposite direction of all other planets. He must know this. Perhaps you're remembering it wrong or perhaps he simply had a brain fart that day and misspoke.
Not necessarily. Consider that the Earth itself (early in its formation) was hit by something the site of Mars. That "something" tore off enough material to form our moon. The atmosphere of Venus is indeed heavy but it wasn't always that way. The heaviness is due to a runaway greenhouse effect. I wouldn't think the atmosphere could be heavy enough to change the rotation of the planet anyway. It's sad really because Venus is similar in size to the Earth and may at one point have been on a path to be just like Earth. Imagine how are history would be have been different had we discovered long ago that Venus could likely support life?
I can't see how we will ever know. We just have to look at all possible causes and consider which is most likely. It probably happened during the early formation of the solar system. At that time, the solar system was a HUGE debris field. Gravitational fields are what caused most of it to coalesce into the planets we have today.
You can't actually take ANYTHING Trump says seriously. The man just says whatever comes to his mind at that moment. And when did he threaten nuclear war? All I have heard was during the campaign, he asked a security advisor why we haven't used nukes against ISIS. That's a stupid question but it's also not a threat.
North Korea lives and dies by international aid. If they go too far, we have them by the shorthairs as long as we have the intestinal fortitude to go through with it. The problem is, we can't have people dying left and right because we are blocking aid. They are innocent victims. So at some point, we either have to fish or cut bait. The fall of the North Korean regime is inevitable IMHO. Reunification is as well but with each passing year, the older Korean generation is dying off and the younger generations don't care so much about reunification. Many actually see it is a burden rather than a benefit.
Well what this tells us is the there is still A LOT we don't now about just our own solar system. That shouldn't surprise us given that humans have never set foot on another planet.
I don't see why not but I also wouldn't see it having any noticeable affect on any other planets. Venus might be the easiest to terraform since it can clearly maintain an atmosphere but it's slow rotation would be a problem I'd think.
It appears something already has. :) It's spinning quite slowly. A single day on Venus (one rotation) is 224.65 Earth days. To speed it up to match Earth's rotational speed (which would likely be necessary to successful terraform it), would take a lot of energy and time. One calculation I found said it would take 3×10^17 W and about 16,000 years. Of course that's with our current technology. In a 100 years or so perhaps we will have technology that makes it far more doable.
Correct. And the thinking is that the place where the impact occurred was where the Pacific Ocean is today. The mass of the moon, would fill that space. I heard this a long time ago so I don't know if it's still the current thinking especially considering plate tectonics and all. Another interesting thing about the moon is that after the collision, it's thought that it only took about 10,000 years for the moon to form into what we see today. That's a blink geologically speaking.
There is and from what I've read it has to do with the gravitational impact of its magnetosphere.
The Chinese are also distancing themselves from North Korea far more than they ever have in the past.
I think you forgot the link to the article.
But how can you have any idea how he would govern since he constantly lies and contradicts himself?
I think this is one of those things that sounds good but in reality is not. Sex is all about friction, something that is challenging without gravity.
I don't know that you have "no right" but it's certainly morally questionable to not help those in need when you've got excess assets. The simple example is you see a young child drowning in a swimming pool. It will cost you nothing to jump in and save them. It would certainly be immoral to stand by and watch it happen. Now take it a step further. You have plenty of extra money but their are people dying of starvation who could be saved if you donated some of that extra cash. Isn't it just as immoral to not donate? Of course the problem is that people don't always know where their money might be best used or how efficient any particular usage may be. I realize there are ways to find this out but not everyone seeks them out. We also have a built-in instinct to hoard assets just in case they are needed later.
Ok, fair enough but for it to work both parties have to be able to brace themselves against an object that is fixed relative to themselves. At that point, the benefit of zero gravity would be almost entirely lost, right?
Mormonism is the easiest target for anyone who wishes to show the cracks in the foundation of a religion because it is the newest of the popular religions. We have actual documentation for example that shows Joesph Smith to be a con man. Having said that, the author's basic claim is that atheists want to eliminate perceived societal differences between groups and will by doing so eliminate our ability to know right from wrong. Defeating this argument is quite simple. One must only be able to accept a few simple claims as being morally true in order to defeat the articles claim as well as the need for religion as a moral compass (as if the history of nearly every religion isn't enough on its own): 1) We should each only expect to be treated as we treat others. 2) We each are the ultimate authority over our minds and bodies. If you can accept these two claims as morally true, I don't think you need anything else upon which to base morality. To be moral is to do the right thing when no one is looking. If your actions are instead based upon fear of reprisal from other people or a deity, you are not motivated by a desire to be moral but by the wish to avoid pain. Your faith is acting as a moral proxy. I've only known a few ex-mormons. They seem to not so much as be rejecting Mormonism as rejecting religion so it's small wonder they become atheist rather than join some other Christian denomination. Historically, religion has provided answers to questions that were otherwise unanswerable. Over time, we have found the real answers to many of these questions via the scientific method. These new answers are logical and contradict those provided by religion which causes us to doubt religion as a valid source of truth claims. So is it any wonder that the more we truly understand about the universe, the less religious we become? The author is looking for an answer that reinforces his faith and hopefully the faith of others. However, it's not a logical answer. The desire for equality is the desire to eliminate immoral inequality. It is immoral to allow one class a right that another class is denied for no good reason. If we are going to have marriage as a legally-binding arrangement then same sex couples logically have the same right to it as opposite sex couples do. To say otherwise is both illogical and immoral. The only way to make the claim that it's immoral is to claim that some supernatural deity said so. That's a claim that cannot be proved and is thus illogical. It seems to me that religion continues only because of childhood indoctrination. If children were not introduced to faith until they were 12, the age at which most children can be skeptical and logical, religion would quickly die out. It's already dying out but it will take a hundred years or longer to go away almost completely. What does it say that faith continues only through was can be best described as brain-washing? Having said all of this, what I have found is that the only people you can influence are those already having some doubt. There's little point in engaging the those still deeply committed to their faith.
What purpose in life would a belief in God provide that you can't choose without such belief? By the strictest definition, the only purpose your life has is the one you choose for it. For me, the purpose is to maximize my happiness.
You beat me to it.
I'm not just a linguist but a cunning one at that.
Deliveries for iOS and MacOS. Great for tracking stuff you've ordered online.
You're looking for a guarantee and they don't exist. Is it possible there's an afterlife? Sure. Is it probable? Since we have no good evidence, I would say no, it's not. However, if it turned out there is one, the odds that it would work out to be exactly as described in the Bible are so small as to not be worth considering. However, in that tiniest of possibilities, would you really wish to be a slave to the will of God? Just forget all that illogical nonsense and do what maximizes your happiness.
There is a very good chance we will never know everything either because some things turn out to be unknowable (such as perhaps what caused the Big Bang) or if our species doesn't survive long enough to know them. We have this attitude that we are human, that we will exist forever and thus the universe is our playground. The reality is we are one species that has existed for a very brief moment in time (so far) on what is essentially a single grain of sand on a very large beach. The authors of the Bible were extremely arrogant in suggesting that the entire universe was created just for us. Of course at the time it was written, they had no idea about the universe at all. They thought the points of light in the sky could fall to Earth for example. They didn't know those were stars like our Sun or that some of them were entire galaxies. The idea that there's this all-powerful God that created billions of galaxies with billions of stars per galaxy along with billions of planets but then created life only on one of them, just seems ludicrous to me. The simplest explanation tends to be the right one. Science tells us that the universe is nothing more than a whole lot of atoms and subatomic particles interacting with each other. While we don't know all the details, what we do know seems to explain most of what we have discovered so far. It's not surprising you lost your faith as you came to understand science had more and more of the right answers. Historically, science has come along and provided a better answer to a question that had previously only been answered by religion. The opposite, however, has never been true. Can you think of a single instance where science provided the answer to a question but then religion came along and provided a more logical and rational answer? No. FWIW, one of the ex-mormons I know became atheist much in the way you did. He told me that he kept coming up with things that just didn't add up in his mind. Finally there were just too many of them to ignore. There are those (my wife included) that subscribe to Pascal's Wager. The problem with this is that there IS a downside. It means living one's life based upon the likelihood that an afterlife exists and that you will have all of eternity to spend with those you care about. That has GOT to affect your decisions. Why spend the time and money to go across the country to see your elderly parents when you'll have all of eternity to spend with them later? Whereas assuming there is no afterlife will almost certainly cause us to make a different set of decisions and if nothing else, value this one life we get even more. When I hear that more and more people are taking religion less and less seriously, it makes me feel that we are really making some serious progress as a species. If we do survive long enough to spread out into the galaxy, it will be because we found a way to use logic and reason to overcome our irrational side which has been the source of almost all of our misery over the course of human history.
Yes, I have probably had sex close to about 1000 times with 10 different partners 11 different partners. I'm not trying to brag but simply point out I have plenty of experience. And like you, if the opportunity presented itself, I'd totally be up for trying it in zero gravity. Gravity isn't absolutely necessary but as I pointed out earlier, friction is. To achieve it, both partners must be braced against the same fixed object and that would negate most of the advantage of zero gravity. I suppose if the two of you were floating in space (presumably inside a large spacecraft or space station) you could pull towards each other if you coordinated your efforts just right. Your timing would have to be dead-on however like a very experienced set of dance partners. Otherwise, you'll end up more like two people trying to hold hands while ice skating for the first time. You'd just bump each other off in different directions. I don't think you fully appreciate just how much help you get from gravity while having sex.
That if you get lost at sea, you'll likely never be found.
Do you ever check out other people? We are humans so it's just our nature to do so but it doesn't mean anything necessarily. I can appreciate the beauty of others without that meaning I think less of my wife.
One summer during high school I couldn't find a decent job so I bit the bullet and took a job at Taco Bell. After a day or two I decided that being broke was better than working at Taco Bell so I quit.
The phone lines were down and when a cop came to the door to check on him, Kevin was too scared to answer it.
If you wait until January and do it as a New Year's Resolution, it's not likely to stick. Change should happen when it needs to happen and you have to have the will to make it permanent.
This is exactly why when we had kids and people asked, "Do you want a boy or a girl?", I replied, "I just want a healthy child." It's also why I wanted us to stop once we had two. I figured with each child we were running the risk of ending up in your situation. You have my sympathy. It must be incredibly difficult.
Getting married and having kids. Both have been great.
Not really. If you're floating in zero gravity with your legs wrapped around each other but are otherwise not touching any fixed object (other than your partner of course), the moment you move, they will move because neither of you is creating any friction via a fixed object or gravity. No friction means no fun.
Sounds like the issue is with their API since you have the correct Skype address. I suggest you call them back, show them what you're doing and that you do in fact have the right Skype address.
You get what you pay for. You want a nice phone? Buy an iPhone.
I believe he certainly had influence. The eagles didn't want to have anything to do with the ring knowing they'd be just as tempted by the ring. Once the ring was destroyed, they had nothing to fear.
This is what will come first. The more a job requires understanding people, the longer it will take to replace with AI.
Go to know Hollywood isn't the only city putting thought into this.
Zero IS a number just as much as 14 or -53 is.
He did, just not for reason of which you are thinking.
Back to the Future didn't originally star Michael J. Fox. Eric Stoltz was cast and they were shooting scenes but the chemistry between him and Christopher Lloyd just wasn't working so Director Robert Zemeckis convinced the producers of the TV show Family Ties to allow him to cast Fox with the promise that it wouldn't interfere with shooting the TV show. Fox was filming Family Ties during the day and Back to the Future at night.
I can't see that trend continuing under Trump.
As if Mac users (or Windows users for that matter) only care about hardware specs. Yes, they are important but honestly I can't see a Mac user switching to Windows over hardware specs unless it's to create a dedicated gaming machine which in that case really isn't switching. Familiarity with the OS, software, etc., is way more important than a slightly faster or cheaper laptop. I greatly prefer MacOS over Windows or Linux and I do use all three for my work. Apple hardware IS more expensive but it lasts longer and as PC magazines have pointed out, if you equip a PC with similar specs and quality hardware, it comes in at a similar price to that of a Mac. Apple simply chooses not to sell hardware that is cheap both in price and quality.
Love Is Here To Stay
Assuming each Big Bang is identical, yes. However, we only have evidence of one. We don't know if there can be more than one or not. It's a huge assumption that all singularities would be identical if there ever was or will ever be another one. If we have learned anything about physics, it's that we don't really know what we don't know.
No worries, kid. These are big questions and though I'm a lot older than you are, I wasn't pondering the origins of the universe when I was 18. I was busy chasing girls and trying to become a rock star. So don't be so hard on yourself. I'm guessing you're in the UK then?
It's fascinating stuff and I hope there are some discoveries in the not too distant future that get us a bit closer to finding some of the answers. I remember reading that they would soon be doing some experiments that, if successful, would prove that we do NOT live in a multiverse but I don't think that's happened yet. Another possibility (though one I personally don't subscribe to due to lack of evidence) is that we exist in a simulation. It's reasonable to believe that in a hundred or so years time, a simulation of the quality of real life, indistinguishable from it, will be possible. If that's true, how do we know we aren't in that simulation now?
I agree. It would certainly boggle the imagination and shake up the religious.
Ah. Well, that's actually good. I thought I had missed the joke. Glad (for both our sakes) I hadn't. :)
I was no fan of George W. Bush but he was at least qualified having been a governor. If I had the choice of 4 years of Bush or Trump, I'd take Bush in a heartbeat.
Married to a Korean. Can confirm.
And at the end they said that they weren't spoofing it. They just told it like it really is. I didn't believe that. It just couldn't be true. So I went and looked up Scientology on Wikipedia and sure enough, South Park had in fact not spoofed it at all. How anyone believes this crap is unimaginable.
Oh that's also crazy but Scientology is way beyond Christianity for nuts, IMHO.
Stanislav Petrov. On September 26th, 1983 he saved the world. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislav_Petrov
No, they are not. The only people you have any hope of Influencing are those that are already having some doubt.
For a marriage to last, it of course requires trust. Beyond that you must have the same style of conflict resolution and a minimum of 5 good moments for every bad one. That's according to Dr. John Gottman who did 25 years of clinical research on couples and could determine with 94% accuracy if any particular couple would still be together in 5 years.
0. Relationships are based upon trust. Once betrayed, it's very difficult to ever fully restore it. That energy is better spent moving on with your dignity intact.
Walking burns calories and just walking for 30 minutes 3 times a week lowers your risk of heart disease quite a bit.
The CEO's pay is set the same way everyone else's is: by the people above him or her based upon their assessment of his or her value to the organization. It's that simple. There may occasionally be some "good ol' boys club" stuff going on but that's the rare exception rather than the rule. Tying the CEO's compensation to anyone else's makes no sense at all. Compensation for everyone should be based on the assessment of their value.
Steve Jobs.
Tap on the user icon in the lower-right corner (the one that takes you to your account) then tap on the Settings icon (the gear in the upper-right corner) then tap on Text Size.
Wow, that's surprising. I can't imagine why that would be.
The woman I married.
Not exactly a mistake. More like being lazy. I only met my wife because while searching an online dating site, I accidentally chose a 60 mile radius instead of my usual 50. I noticed but was too lazy to change it back and just went ahead and clicked the Search button. She came up because she was 51 miles away. We've been happily married for 17 years now.
Actually most people that drown say it's a peaceful feeling that comes over them not a panicked one. Drowning doesn't actually happen the way it's portrayed in movies and on TV.
Yes and it was a huge mistake I will never again repeat. There are no second chances.
Oh it gets better. Having not had any success with meeting Mr. Right, she had decided to let her membership lapse while away on a trip. When she returned, she had forgotten that it lapsed while she was away and attempted to login to her account only to discover that she couldn't. The smart people at Matchmaker.com added the number of unread messages to the "Sorry your account has expired" screen so my now wife paid for an extra month to read those messages that came in after she went on her trip but before her account lapsed. We later figured out that I did my lazy search a day or so after she paid for another month. Had some unknown person not contacted her in that critical period between the time she left on her trip and the time her account lapsed, she would not have shown up in my search results at all and we never would have met. Our schedules conflicted to the point where we couldn't meet in person for a month. So we spent that month just talking by phone. This had a wonderful and wholly unexpected side effect. Without all the distraction of physical chemistry, we asked each other all the really important questions (kids, marriage, money, faith, etc.). By the time we met in-person, we already know we were quite compatible. We just needed to find out how we felt in each other's presence. About 2 months after we met online and just 1 month after meeting in-person, we decided to get married. We married 6 months later. We have been happily married for 17 years now and have two wonderful children. Her parents are awesome btw. I couldn't ask for better in-laws.
She is incredibly selfless. Everyone else comes first. I often feel like a selfish bastard as a result which helps make me a better person. In this respect, she is absolutely her mother's daughter. She's smart, creative, demanding and opinionated. Did I mention that her smile is intoxicating? Just before I met her I thought all the good ones were already gone and that I would have to settle. Instead, I feel like I won the marriage lottery. She's not perfect. She's human after all. However, I can't imagine being married to anyone else.
The reality is that unless you're never going to travel again, you're at far greater risk going via any other mode of transportation.
So WHY does there need to be consequences to fucking? I'm glad I've never had to face the decision but I'm certainly not going to force others to have children they don't want to have. Did you know that abortion did not become legal in every US state all at once? It was gradual. Do you know what dropped 18 years after abortion became legal in each state? Crime. Unwanted pregnancies are more likely to result in unwanted children which are more likely to become criminals. It is legal for parents to do all kinds of terrible, life-altering things to their kids but they are not allowed to end a pregnancy at 8 or so weeks?
As is Mel Gibson.
WTF?
And it really doesn't take very long. I didn't floss for years and finally admitted to myself that I was just making excuses. Now I floss every night.
Find a problem you need to solve. If you can't think of one, go find someone who has one and write them an app. You need a project to develop your skills. Start with a small one.
I didn't vote for Trump nor do I support repealing the ACA. Having said that the republicans I have heard talking about it say that keeping the provision of which you speak is one of their goals.
What does being atheist have to do with supporting Trump? If anything, I would expect Trump-supporting atheists to be the fringe of the fringe.
Flesh Gordon when I was 10. Mom took me and my then 12 year old brother. She didn't realize it was basically a soft-core porn. Weird thing is, no one at the theater warned her and we stayed to watch the entire movie.
I generally find atheists to be of above average intelligence and Trump supporters to be just the opposite.
Voters from small states effectively have more voting power in the electoral college than voters from bigger states. Enough rural voters from smaller states voted for Trump allowing him to win the electoral college vote which is the one that matters. Having said that, the electors should have done their job and rejected Trump as obviously unfit. Unfortunately, they all seem to be more loyal to their parties than to the Constitution.
My uncle was in the room with Slotin when that accident happened. He ended up in the hospital with radiation poisoning for 6 weeks. If Slotin hadn't reacted quickly, my uncle and everyone else in that room (and likely hundreds of others) would have died. You can see the accident re-enacted in this clip from the movie, "Fat Man and Little Boy." https://youtu.be/9Zg69OlFOac
Yes, I do. Just as a surgeon must have a medical education and years of supervised experience before they go poking around in your innards, the President must have experience in politics. Trump has no political experience whatsoever. He was never a senator, a governor, a mayor or even a city councilman. He was never a military leader who had to interact constantly with political leaders. For such a person to be President is the equivalent of someone being a surgeon without a background in medicine. Regardless of our opinions of their policy positions, Hillary Clinton, while being a deeply-flawed candidate, is unquestionably fit. She has a law degree, has been a senator and the Secretary of State not to mention having spent her entire adult life in politics. If the electors had done the job that Alexander Hamilton described in essay 68 of the Federalist Papers, they would have concluded that Trump was clearly unfit and elected Clinton instead. The purpose of the Electoral College is to double-check the popular vote. It's to make sure that the populous doesn't choose an unfit candidate. That's their entire job. The majority of voters voted for Clinton. Add to that the fact that by ANY reasonable definition Trump is so clearly unfit, the Electoral College failed us 100% by choosing to be loyal to their party rather than to the Constitution. I wrote to the electors in my state. All said they would vote as their state did. One, however, said he had read and respects essay 68 of the Federalist Papers but doesn't think Trump rises to the level of being unfit. Really? Someone with zero political experience is fit to be the leader of the free world? Such a person is fit to be the most powerful person on the planet? If that's true, just how awful would someone have to be to be considered unfit? What would it take to be unfit if zero political experience doesn't qualify? No, I can't see any rational person agreeing that a person with zero political experience is fit to be the President of the United States.
It is. It read the Parental Guide section of it on IMDB. It's clearly R-rated.
I don't know what it sounds like if it makes any sound at all. I will tell you this though: my other uncle told me that despite what the math said, there were some who thought the bomb would ignite the atmosphere and burn the entire planet to a cinder. My uncle said, "We knew what the math told us but OTOH, no one had ever set off a nuclear bomb before."
Clearly in writing essay 68, Alexander Hamilton believed that electors would be able to determine fitness since no objective standard for fitness was provided. So is there an objective way to determine fitness for most jobs? Yes. With no experience in surgery or managing other doctors, is doctor newly graduated from medical school fit to be Chief of Surgery at a large hospital? No. With no experience flying a plane, am I objectively fit to fly one? Of course not. With no background in law, is my wife fit to defend in court someone accused of a crime? Absolutely not. Is a person with no background in law nor any experience as a military command, senator, congressman, governor, mayor, or city councilman fit to be President, the most powerful and influential position on Earth? I think the answer is objectively no.
Unfortunately, no. :)
It makes me feel like my tax dollars are being wasted incarcerating people who shouldn't be and few prisoners are actually being reformed at all given that the recidivism rate is 65%. Crime should be treated as a mental disorder. That means that if you are a threat to the public, you should be locked up not for an arbitrary amount of time but for a short or long a time as it takes for you to be cured. That could be weeks, months, years or for the rest of your life if we can't cure you. It also requires that we actually treat you rather than throw you in a prison and expect you to improve.
It's nearly unbelievable that Ken Ham would even ask that question.
You are missing the point. It also states that they are to judge the fitness of the candidate. They did not do that. They simply voted for the candidate that won their parties vote in their state. They never considered Trump's fitness or if they did, their criteria for his fitness is that he's breathing but not much more than that. And I do have objective evidence. Every President we have ever had has had some background in the areas I mentioned and for reasons so obvious my 13 year old son could understand. If Trump was some kind of expert in politics despite having never held office, that would be one thing, but he's not. So he has no relevant knowledge or experience for a position of tremendous power and influence. That such a position requires these things is not subjective.
You don't care but clearly many people DO care for when celebrities speak their opinions, no one would listen.
True and what he was really asking was "Why are you teaching kids that we are the same as all other animals?" The fact is, Nye is NOT teaching that. However, we ARE animals.
I initially supported Bernie and had no plans to support Hillary. However, once the nominees were chosen, as much as I wished it would be otherwise, I recognized that voting for Hillary Clinton was the only rational option. Politics is about compromise which is something you know you've reached when no one is completely happy. I'm just sad that the Electors couldn't do their job and actually judge the fitness of the candidate chosen by the voters. Donald Trump is clearly unfit given that he has no political experience whatsoever. Clinton may be a deeply-flawed candidate but she's spent her entire adult life in politics and thus is clearly fit.
No, they shouldn't. That's how we have ended up with the most unfit President-Elect in history who is using fascist tyrannical tactics and showing the severity of his unfitness with each passing day. We avoid fascist tyrants by having the electoral college double-check the populous. Without that, it was inevitable that Trump or someone like him would come along.
I never said there were any requirements of the candidate themselves other than being natural-born and at least 35. However, the Founding Fathers set the expectation that the electors would judge the fitness of the candidate chosen by the populous and it's quite obvious they are not doing that. They are rubbering stamping a candidate with no particularly relevant experience for the most powerful position in the world. The Founding Fathers left it up to the common sense of the electors and what they have clearly shown is that they have none or are unwilling to use it. You are arguing objectivity. Well, it IS objectively true that a person with no experience at doing a complicated job has a very low probability of success. Not zero, but very low. That would seem to describe a lack of fitness. The more knowledge and experienced a person is at something, the greater the probability of success. Based upon these objective truths, Trump's odds of success are very low which is exactly what the founding fathers were trying to avoid by making it the job of the electors to judge the fitness of the chosen candidate.
So you believe Trump IS fit then?
You did not choose your genes nor your early childhood experiences yet these greatly impacted your early decisions and all that came after them as a result so where is the free will in that? We all have thoughts that pop into our heads without an obvious reason. Where is the free will in that? If you think about how the brain works, it doesn't seem possible to have free will at all. There would have to be a you that is separate from your brain and that puts us into the realm of the supernatural.
Principles only mean something if you stand by them when it's inconvenient.
Having watched my wife give birth twice in a hospital surrounded by people, I can't imagine what it must have been like alone. You must have been scared out of your mind that something would go wrong, correct? What happened?
Clearly I haven't proved it to your satisfaction. However, anyone with common sense who is willing to look at Trump objectively can see he's unfit.
Indeed. My problem with religion is that it's irrational. I understand why people believe. They believe because they want answers to as yet unanswerable questions. For me, satisfying that desire doesn't work if I know the answers are make believe. We make the best possible decisions with as complete and true information as we can get because that's what lines up with reality. Religion flies in the face of that.
That's great to hear. We had planned on a natural birth but she came early and after 19 hours of labor, the doctor said an epidural would help. It did the trick but we were trying to avoid all that. Glad you're a worked out so well.
No, it's common sense. Every job has requirements even if they aren't specified. The job of the POTUS is the most powerful in the world and is highly complex. Having some experience in politics is obvious. Trump has none. That by itself makes him unfit.
Thank you. I believe she came early because she was breach (she turned early then turned again) and we had a successful version which I think weakened the amniotic sack and which resulted in my wife's water breaking 10 days early. The version was described to us as the most painful thing a person can go through and my wife did it without pain meds to the utter shock of the two doctors. She was clearly in a lot of pain but never asked for the pain meds. A few months later she told me that she was in so much pain, she couldn't open her mouth to ask for them. Yikes! With our second, he was only a day early but she caved in to the pain pretty quickly (despite my coaching) and demanded the epidural. It's her call of course.
A note that says "Buy as much Apple stock as you possible can. "
Correct. There's no set criteria. However, essay 68 clearly indicates that the electors are supposed to judge the fitness of the choice of the populous. While it doesn't specify how they should do this, it does specify that they should. I would hope that common sense itself would be enough and I'm sure that was the hope of the Founding Fathers. Common sense dictates that for complex jobs, experience is a necessity. Trump has none. If the GOP electors did in fact judge him fit, what exactly would it take for someone to be judged unfit? I'm trying to imagine the person that is just barely this side of fit based upon Trump as an example of fitness and wonder how much worse it could be.
We can't.
I have been assessing your ability to reason logically and determining the degree to which you have common sense rather than sticking to a black and white interpretation which was never the intent of our Founding Fathers.
So you wish to make it such that a person can only say they were raped if they have incontrovertible proof before they make their claim otherwise, what, be punished?
Marrying my wife.
He can't deliver because he's making promises he can't possibly deliver on.
What would such evidence look like? This is the reason we have courts and the presumption of innocence: to find the truth.
Exactly.
You're assuming a girl is always the victim and a guy is always the rapist. That's not the case every time. Regardless, we can't have a system where people are afraid to report crimes in case it's turned against them. If there was insufficient evidence to prove the case, the accused would go free. However, that doesn't mean the alleged victim is lying. That itself would be a crime for which there would also need to be sufficient evidence.
Despite his resignation, Nixon was well regarded as an elder statesman and visited with many heads of state, wrote, gave speeches, etc. I cannot see Trump garnering any respect at all.
Yep.
I recently read an article that said elephants can tell the difference (from experience) between the language of those who are likely to do them harm and those that are not. They are very smart animals.
Rick Perry is arguably the best of them all. /s Here's a guy who couldn't score better than a C in math and science in college, who (in the republican primary) wanted to eliminate the Department of Energy but couldn't remember that during the debate, and who will be replacing a man with a PhD in nuclear physics from Stanford. What a fucking joke.
What do you mean? He got C's in math and science in college!
Agreed. Most of the rest of the world sees Trump for who he really is.
He's going to be missed especially in comparison to Trump.
I find this stuff interesting and I'm glad you're so open to discussing it. Let me first say that I hope you are exactly right. I hope that death is not the end and that we experience lifetimes over and over again, each one as something or someone new. It's an attractive idea to be sure. Having said that, what makes you belief this if there's no evidence to support it? How it is not simply believing what is comforting to believe? You say you've had "direct experience". Can you elaborate on that?
My SO tried to convince me she'd done so porn during college but she hadn't thought the lie all the way through. As it turned out, there actually was a porn star with her name but it wasn't her.
It was pretty awesome.
I don't think it can. Marriages are based upon romantic love. They require other things too. But without romantic love, it's a marriage in name only.
Apparently, it means everything. The electors all voted for the person that won their state by popular vote rather than ask themselves (as Alexander Hamilton wished it), "Is this person fit to be President?" Had they done that and were more loyal to the process than to their political party, Trump would never have been President-Elect.
He's an incredibly brave person who obviously loves his wife deeply and couldn't live without her.
Can you imagine Bernie Sanders as President and Al Franken as VP? What a team they would have been!
That's a sweeping generalization. Bernie doesn't think ANY of those things. When an organization of any kind (private or government) is not keeping its promises or not abiding by the law, Bernie takes notice.
Fair enough but they were an extremely small percentage. In my state, one elector told me that he respects Hamilton's message about fitness in essay 68 of the Federalist Papers but doesn't believe that Trump rises to the level of being unfit. Really? How bad does someone have to be then to be unfit if Trump isn't? What's the criteria? How low does the bar go?
It does matter. However, when the constitution was written, the Founding Fathers needed to address the concerns of the sparsely-populated southern states who feared that the North would be able to make all the decisions. Thus we have a Congress that provides population-based representation in the House and state-based in the Senate. The Electoral College provides an elector for each member of Congress and thus smaller states have a disproportionately large vote in both Congress and the Electoral College. That made sense when the Constitution was written because the economies of the southern states were highly agricultural and those of the North were not. States are far more diverse now than they were back then. Unfortunately (or fortunately), changing the Constitution is very difficult by design. So yes, the popular vote matters and it matters a lot. The electors are supposed to double-check the popular vote and make sure we don't end up with an unfit person as president. Unfortunately, the electors either disregarded this, didn't even think about it, or truly believe that Trump is fit. For those that believe the latter, I have to wonder what someone they believe to be unfit would look like.
True and perhaps a southern as well given that Sanders is from northeast. Still, the two of them would make a good team.
I agree that, since no criteria was specified, they use their own judgement. I think most of them are simply loyal to their party and didn't give Trump's lack of fitness a single thought. Trump will almost certainly be a complete failure. I had hoped he would rise to the occasion but given his cabinet choices, that hope has faded. He will almost certainly end up going down in history as the worst US President, at least, up to this point.
You might want to check out [Xojo](http://www.xojo.com). It's got a shell class and all the GUI support you need so it would be pretty easy to build your own custom Terminal app.
Crime rates have been falling for quite sometime. And for all their bitching about abortion, approximately 18 years after each state legalized it they saw a drop in crime rates. Coincidence?
Overall crime rates have been dropping since 1990. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_the_United_States
Neglect.
Nor any criteria for fitness. Trump has no political experience whatsoever and yet the electoral college, which is supposed to double-check the candidate selected by the populous, saw him as fit. Imagine how bad a candidate would have to be in order to be considered unfit.
This is a perfect example of why crime needs to treated as a mental disorder. This woman should not be released back into the public until she's been treated for her mental disorders and we are reasonable sure it's safe to do so. Instead, she will spend 15 years in prison getting no treatment and probably be released far worse than she is now.
In theory it does but I think for it to work you can't have the parties appointing electors.
That's how Hitler started.
The bull is officially in the china shop.
Sounds good. I look forward to it.
I'm not sure exactly what point but after having known each other for only two months, we decided to get married. That was almost 18 years ago and we have been quite happily married since then.
What is 6 x 7?
Met my wife.
If they each lived another 70 years, that would be $8500 per year each. Considering you can get this for less than $100 a month (including the phone), it doesn't take much math to realize this can't possibly be true.
Treat other people the way you want to be treated.
I run a software company. We got rid of our office eight years ago and now everyone works from home. We love it.
What country are you in? In the US there is no legal requirement to give any notice at all. Having said that, if you want your soon to be former employer to say nice things about you, you should try to be accommodating.
I'm doing my part.
Agreed. However, if the person is a threat to others or themselves, they need to be incarcerated and treated until we are reasonably sure they are not. In other words, they get treatment one way or the other.
I could never see the death of members of my family as a gift. This is the problem with theism. He has two choices: 1) be angry at God or 2) believe that God did this for a reason that would ultimately benefit him. Colbert chose door number 2. It was the easiest choice because it preserves the most things that mean something to him. If he chose #1, he's lost his father, 2 brothers and his faith. No contest.
Agreed but that's sort of implied by choice #2. That's not an easy step for someone brought up in faith.
No. I'd see it for what it is: a loss.
The amount of treatment could vary greatly. If you get a speeding ticket, you go to a one day class to be reminded of the bad things that sometimes happen when people speed.
All of the Texas counties that have large cities (Austin, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, El Paso) all voted for Clinton in the presidential election. If you look at most states that Trump won (and most states in general), this same pattern holds true. It will come as no surprise, incidentally, that many of the Texas counties bordering Mexico also voted for Clinton.
Yes I'm sure lots of illegal aliens are willing to risk deportation in an attempt to vote for Hillary Clinton. Not sure how they would pull that off since they aren't registered to vote nor could they be.
10 years ago I bought a pair of dress shoes from ECCOS. I bought them on the advice of a friend who said they are both dressy and comfortable. The cost was about $150. I don't dress up very often so I only wear them a couple of times a year. A few months ago, I needed to wear them and noticed that the rubber soles were disintegrating, leaving a trail of rubber "dirt" all over my house. I contacted their customer service who said essentially that hey the shoes are 10 years old so there's not much we can do about it. Feeling like the shoes shouldn't be falling apart simply due to age (rather than actual wear), I looked for the twitter account for ECCOS but didn't find one and then went to find their Facebook page. On that page they asked people to post about their experience with ECCOS so I posted a picture of my shoes both top and bottom so they could see that their were excellent condition except of the soles which were falling apart. Within a day or so I was contacted by someone on their social media team who said they wanted me to send them (at their expense) my shoes so a team there at ECCOS could determine if the shoes were defective or not. They said that they stand behind their product and that the soles shouldn't be falling apart. After about 3 weeks, I was notified that they determined that the shoes were indeed defective and send me a $150 gift card to purchase a new pair of shoes from their site. They no longer sell the exact ones I had bought before but the equivalent pair was $140 plus $10 for shipping. As a result, despite the shoes being 10 years old, ECCOS replacing them with a brand new pair. That's great customer service.
Welcome to Austin. I moved here in 1994 from Silicon Valley when a friend said, "Hey, let's move to Austin, Texas!" and I figured, why not?
With a net migration with Mexico that is negative, it doesn't get much stupider than this.
Being that she's soldier with the National Guard who volunteered for a 12 month deployment into Iraq she probably really cares about what's going on over there. However, this is also good for her image as I'll bet she has presidential ambitions.
That may be but according to Wikipedia: "To date, only one person has ever been indicted for violating the act’s provisions. However, no person has ever been prosecuted for alleged violations of the act."
People should not be afraid of their government. Their government should be afraid of its people.
I think what he is asking is, "What if we get insanely lucky, like win the lottery lucky?"
Obama left office with a Reagan-like 60% approval rating. I don't think many were afraid of the US Government during the Obama administration.
There are two types of atheism: agnostic and gnostic. You appear to be an agnostic atheist. This is someone who doesn't believe in the supernatural but acknowledges the possibility that it may nevertheless exist. This is a rational position. A gnostic atheist does not believe in anything supernatural nor do they believe such things are possible. This is not a rational position.
13
I'm not making an argument but your description is basically what I said.
Well, my God could beat up your god.
Becoming a good programmer can be very good for your confidence. Don't allow labels like ADHD to be obstacles or excuses not to succeed.
I knew one day a Hitler-like figure would rise to power somewhere. I just never thought it would be here.
Too bad she wasn't wearing crocs.
What do you mean by "When we let business take over?"
How is it that he still hasn't deleted his reply? Surely he must know by now that he's being made fun of, right? Of course, this is the same Sean Spicer they went after Dippin Dots on Twitter back in 2010.
Until indoctrination, nothing of course.
I will never forget being called by a coworkers who said a plane flew into the World Trade Center. It seemed so bizarre that it took a moment to sink in. I turned on the TV and there was on the the building with smoke pouring out. A moment later out of the corner of the picture came another plane. Once again the whole thing seemed to improbable that for a moment, I just couldn't really comprehend it fully. Perhaps 30 seconds later it came to me that the odds of two planes accidentally running into the same set of buildings within minutes of each other couldn't be a coincidence.
Kellyanne Conway is a perfect example of why stereotypes exist.
Perhaps that's exactly what they want: an attack on the US from a Muslim terrorist group.
https://youtu.be/G2y8Sx4B2Sk
It was pretty tough. We were living together and I came home one day to a note on the bathroom mirror telling me she had moved out. We had not been fighting so this took me completely by surprise. She ended the note by asking that I send her half the money we had just spent on groceries. She just had no clue how that sounded. Heartbroken, I went to an older, more experienced friend's house and told him what happened. He told me to just wait because she would call. This seemed unlikely to me. A few weeks later I came home to find a message from her on my answering machine. Elated, I called my friend who much to my surprise told me to NOT call her back. What? She's calling! This is good news! He said, "You need her to think you're not waiting around for her to call." Against my better judgment, I didn't call her back. After a few days she called again. I didn't call back. Her messages became increasingly agitated and I didn't call back. After I had waited long enough, I called her and we got together in-person to talk. It was at this point she told me that while on a trip shortly before she broke up with me, she met this guy and slept with him. She had continued a relationship with him until she discovered he was an ambitionless pothead (no offense to potheads) and realized she had fucked up in leaving me. I later realized that when she showed me her trip pictures, there was one of him in it. You'd think her guilt would have made sure she removed that picture before she shared the photos with me. Regardless of my ignoring her calls, I was still crushed inside. I said, "That's it? Well that's not a big problem." We moved back in together but it wasn't long before I realized that she really didn't love me. Being with me was simply better than living with her parents. I told her this and then kicked her punk-ass out. I never spoke to her again.
Several years ago I read an article about a scientist who worked out a way to replicate that exact experience. He determined that it's a side effect of your brain being deprived of oxygen.
If there are enough checks and balances to prevent an oligarchy from becoming bad, it's not an oligarchy. It's a democracy.
Not a single reference to a porn sequel being better than the original?
What does it say about someone who doesn't feel at least somewhat sad when discussing the needless and in fact intentional death of 6 million people? And why even bother issuing the statement? I think the Trump administration is intentionally creating controversy so that the public will eventually tire of the protests and begin to ignore them. Everything can't be the most important thing. That is true. However, with Trump, how can we tell what the worst things are? Everything is so bad, we can't compare to know what is bad enough to take action and what we should ignore as to not numb the public with constant protesting. For a man who is so ego-centric, he has no idea how badly history is going to eventually view him.
My grandfather was born into a peasant family. He came to the US from Poland by himself at the age of just 14. He had had no education. He had no money. He had a single coat and pair of pants that were worn out in the back requiring that he wear the heavy coat even during hot New York summers. America gave him a chance. He worked very hard in the Detroit's auto industry before eventually opening his own business. He married, raised 5 children (two of whom helped create the atomic bomb at Los Alamos) and was quite well-off financially when he passed away at 95. The strength that is America comes from our common goals but more importantly, it comes from our diversity which gives us the ability to see the world differently than most. This is why the recent hastily-considered immigration orders from the Trump administration are so un-American.
His cabinet choices, removing the Director of Intelligence and the Joint Chiefs from the National Security Council and replacing them with Steve Bannon, a man with no background in security whatsoever, these collectively couldn't be described as egregious? How low must the bar be set?
"To assume that someone doesn't pose a threat due to their age or gender would be misguided and wrong." This kid is 5 years old. He's a kindergartener who is also an American citizen.
This is a double-edged sword. Raise the minimum too much and employers will simply hire the person as a contractor and have them work from their home country. When a foreigner comes to the US to work, they pay taxes and spend the overwhelming majority of their net income here in the US on housing, food, etc. In other words, most of their money stays in the US economy. If they are overseas, the money flows out of the US out of our economy. The salary paid any worker is a negotiation and it's based upon a lot of factors. I once hired a talented, young guy that was fresh out of college. He happened to have a passion for exactly the kind of software my company was creating. He was creating something just like our software on his own in his free time. If the only way to bring him to the US was to pay him $130K, it would not have happened. I would have instead hired him as a contractor and had him stay where he was. It would have cost my company a LOT less and he would have spent every nickel of that money in his home country instead of here in the US. Competition is a good thing. Protectionism is not. The American automobile industry suffered greatly when cheap and gas-efficient Japanese cars appeared in the early 1970s. Rather than compete, the American auto makers sought protection from the government which they got in the form of tariffs. That made Japanese cars artificially more expensive and allowed the American auto industry to become fat and lazy. Had our government told them to instead compete with the Japanese, perhaps we would not have had to bail out the American auto industry. Suddenly finding yourself competing is not usually fun but it's going to happen one way or the other. You can get the government to create barriers to competition but they are only temporary. Competition almost always finds a way.
I've none a lot of them and that's never been the case. I'm sure it happens but more often they make a life here. They buy a home, get married, etc.
Matchmaker.com 18 years ago. We decided to marry after just 2 months and are still happily married with 2 kids.
Logic is not subjective. If you think 1=2, you are objectively wrong.
You are be absolutist and pedantic. We can't know with absolute certainty but all the evidence (and it's quite overwhelming) points to it. If you're going to take that attitude you can't function whatsoever.
Man dies of stupidity, film at 11.
That's not how logic works. You can't prove a negative. Anyone claiming there IS life beyond death should base that claim upon good, demonstrable evidence. Otherwise, you're believing something not because it's true but because it feels good.
Given the extreme differences in conditions under which we have found life on Earth and given that planets appear to be far more plentiful than we would ever have thought, it seems likely there is life in other planets. How often evolution results in intelligent life and how often that life's span overlaps with ours, is another matter. It's also probable that any life advanced enough to easily travel around the galaxy is likely to be so far ahead of us that we would be as uninteresting to them as pill bugs are to us.
I've never been a Christian. It just makes sense to me that anything I am going to believe must be demonstrably true. If it can't be demonstrated to be true, I don't believe it. To operate any other way would allow me to make up whatever I want no matter how divorced from reality that might be. You see, our beliefs inform our actions, our decisions. Basing our choices on things that can't be demonstrated to be true can lead to some pretty terrible decisions. Relationships have ended over such things. People have flown planes into buildings over beliefs that can't be demonstrated to be true. For me, this is reason enough.
As I said, I'm not nor have I ever been a Christian. However, my in-laws are twice a week, God-fearing, church goers who are convinced that the whole family will be together in Heaven except me because I don't believe in God. My mother-in-law is especially convinced of this. Over the millennia man has worshipped more than 3000 gods. The evidence in support of the existence of any of them is just as good as that of the Christian God. Even within Christianity there's significant departures on what and who God is. So Christians themselves are not even in agreement. Assuming that one of the thousands of gods does really exist and operates exactly as he or she has been documented, how can anyone know which is the right one? Christians of course are supremely confident they have the right one. I tell them that the muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, etc., are all just as confident and have just as much good evidence to support their claims (zero). However, let's assume that the God of The Bible, one that would send you to hell for not believing, does actually exist and operates just as described in The Bible. According to The Bible, this God created me and the conditions upon which I live that ultimately resulted in me not believing in him but he's going to punish me anyway for it? I don't know what it would take to convince me that God exists but an all-knowing, all-powerful God would and he yet he chose to not do what it would take to get me to believe? So again, let's assume this God does really exist and to avoid external damnation, we must worship him. How can anyone say that you are really free to choose? This is like a person holding a gun to your head and telling you to do as he tells you or he will blow your head off. Exactly how are you really free to choose in that case? And if it IS all true then the God of The Bible is a slave owner. We would be nothing more than his slaves. Do as you are told or suffer the consequences. And what kind of all-knowing, all-powerful, supposedly benevolent God would even need or want people to worship him? This is like a child putting out some sugar to attract ants then burning to death with a magnifying glass those that don't come to him. If there is a God and he is just as described in the Bible, he's angry, jealous, spiteful, immoral, indecent, dishonest and vengeful. I wouldn't want to have anything to do with such a person and I certainly have no interest in being a slave. I'd rather burn in hell than submit to someone like that. It could be argued that anyone truly worships God, with the full understanding of what the Bible says, is not a moral person. And perhaps it's all a test. Perhaps the only people who get into heaven are the ones unwilling to be slaves to an immoral god? You could make up anything you wanted to believe in and you'd have just as much evidence to support it. If something being demonstrably true is not a requirement for belief then why choose the god of Abraham? Why not believe in something of your own devising? And how exactly is believing in all this nonsense not the dictionary definition of delusional? BTW, you might enjoy listening to The Atheist Experience podcast. The hosts are well-versed in this stuff and take calls primarily from the faithful. Richard Dawkins book The God Delusion is quite good as is Sam Harris' books The End of Faith and Free Will.
Marrying my wife.
I can't believe that man made that poor homeless woman give him her sandals! He looks like he can afford to buy his own! /s
I greatly prefer Numbers from Apple. I've been using it since it was released in 2007. While Excel may be more powerful for some esoteric functions, Numbers will do the job for the overwhelming majority of people, is more intuitive and has a superior user experience.
She was crying so much I didn't think she'd make it through the vows. When she repeated the minister's line, "Until parted by death." (Which wasn't supposed to be in the vows. It was supposed to be "as long as you both shall live"), she said it through so many tears I thought she had reconsidered but felt trapped. Then we turned to face our guests as the minister announced that we were husband and wife. I reached out my hand for her, wondering if she was still there to take it. I felt her grab my hand and as I turned to look at her, there was nothing but pure joy on her face. She was smiling and happy as we walked down the aisle together.
Care to elaborate? An argument is more convincing when one is actually presented.
Then perhaps you shouldn't have posted in the first place. If you're going to tell someone they are wrong, you should provide your evidence. Otherwise, you're really not making an argument.
I visited a few of these while playing Assassin's Creed: Black Flag.
The problem with believing in things that are not demonstrably true is that our beliefs inform our actions. This ultimately leads to bad decisions such as being upset at your child for having a friend who is of a different race or flying a plane full of people into a building.
It's an arms race. Today for example, Apple announced that the next major version of Safari will block autoplay video.
I run a software company and have been a Mac user since 1985. In all that time I don't think I have ever filled up a hard drive. It's usually the desire for a faster or in some other way better Mac that gets me to buy a new one, not the need for more ram or storage.
Many of them are ads. They also announced that they are adding some ad tracking prevention as well. Bottom line is that business models evolve. If ads stopped working for whatever reason, those that rely upon them would find a different model.
Correct. There are no contemporary accounts outside of the Bible. The romans who wrote about Jesus were born years after his death. Even the various parts of the New Testament were written decades after his death.
And both were born after Jesus died so they were not contemporaries.
Shouldn't we go the other direction and say, "Based upon a complete lack of evidence, I see no reason to believe Jesus ever existed?" Shouldn't the requirement for belief be a bit higher than "he's mentioned a lot in this one book"?
And those were written by people born after the supposed death of Jesus.
Which was written almost 200 years after Jesus supposedly died so it doesn't contain any first hand accounts.
It's debatable but I believe most biblical scholars are in agreement that the books of Mark, John, Paul, etc. were not written by those individuals and began years after his death. It is at least possible some of them were written by contemporaries of Jesus if in fact he ever existed.
I've yet to see anything outside the Bible that was written about Jesus by one of his supposed contemporaries. I don't subscribe to the claim that he ever existed due to a lack of evidence.
Of course you need contemporary accounts. If you don't have any, you have no way to authentic anything. I haven't read the book you mentioned but I've read others and have looked for any good evidence of the existence of Jesus. I've yet to find any.
No. There's plenty of evidence of climate change. Average temperatures rising, glaciers receding, CO2 levels rising to levels not seen in 650,000 years, oceans warming, coral reefs dying, etc. That's all demonstrable. There is no direct evidence of Jesus other than the Bible which I'd hardly call evidence.
Tacitus was not a contemporary of Jesus. He didn't even refer to him by that name. He called him Christus. We don't know who wrote the gospels. It again, that's the Bible so it hardly counts. There are previous religions that have many of the same characteristics of Jesus such as virgin birth and more. I've read many books on this subject and so far none are compelling. I've even spoken to a Methodist pastor who is well-educated in this area and even he admitted that Jesus probably did not exist. He says it doesn't matter because there's a lot of good in Christianity anyway (his words, not mine).
I don't hate Jesus. I just don't believe he ever existed due to a lack of evidence. As I have said before, what we believe informs our actions. We make decisions based on our beliefs and if those beliefs are not true, we can end up making some pretty bad decisions. As for climate change, you can choose to believe that NASA, NOAA and untold numbers of others scientists are all part of some well-orchestrated global conspiracy. That's your choice. Myself, I go with Ocam's Razor: the simplest explanation tends to be the right one. That all these scientists, who have devoted their lives to providing facts, have determined we are causing the planet to warm, is far simpler than believing it's all some kind of global conspiracy that would be near impossible to pull off and quite easy to reveal if it truly existed. We must learn to think critically and skeptically. Otherwise we will believe what we wish to believe, what is comforting to believe but is unfortunately not at all compatible with reality. When your choices aren't compatible with reality, bad things happen.
The Old Testament refers to a messiah, that's true. It may even suggest some of what supposedly happened to Jesus. Here's the problem with all of that. Whomever wrote the New Testament was aware of the Old Testament. So writing a story suggesting the prophecies of the Old Testament came true is not a difficult task. The problem is, we can't verify that anything in the Bible ever happened. Jesus isn't even the right name. It's a poor translation of the original Hebrew. The name was Joseph.
Also the Dead Sea Scrolls refer to the Old Testament, not the New. They make no mention of Jesus.
We have been recording global temperatures for some time now. We have photographs of glaciers going back decades so we can see that they are in retreat. We can determine past CO2 levels going back hundreds of thousands of years from CO2 trapped in the ice. Since we know how fast the ice is laid down, we know how old the ice at each layer is. Ocean temperatures are warming consistent with what would be expected as they absorb more CO2. Their salinity levels are rising as well making them less compatible with life. This is all quite demonstrable. Religion is just one example of belief in something that is not demonstrably true. Of course you are told to have faith, to accept it without evidence despite the fact that you rely on evidence for nearly everything else in life. Why do you create a Chinese wall around religion? Some follow Christianity because they believe they cannot be moral without it. The Bible is not a book for moral people. The Old Testament promotes slavery. In the New Testament, Jesus could have said that slavery was wrong but instead he told slaves to obey their masters. This is just one of dozens of examples. The overwhelming majority of our problems as a species are the direct result of taking actions based upon believing in things that cannot be demonstrated to be true. If we can survive long enough, perhaps we will embrace critical thinking and skepticism. If not, we will continue to make irrational decisions that are incompatible with reality and that may one day be the end of us all.
Why do people keep referring to the Dead Sea Scrolls when they don't make reference to Jesus even once? And if Christianity doesn't operate on proof, why do you keep trying to provide it? Religion relies on a lack of evidence because there is none. If it relied on evidence the way virtually everything else in life does, no one would follow it. If I brought you a book that claimed that Jesus would return to Earth and be known on Reddit by the name TheManInTheShack, would you believe that? Why not? It would have an equal amount of supporting evidence as the Christian idea of God. And what about the 3000 other gods that men have worshipped over the years? How can you be certain you are worshipping the right one? Perhaps you got it wrong and should really be worshiping a Hindu god or Zeus? I'm going to keep repeating this because it's important: the problem with believing things that can't be demonstrated to be true is that our beliefs inform our actions. That means that we end up making decisions that are in conflict with reality. It could be as small as feeling guilty every time we have sex or as bad as flying a plane full of innocent people into a building full of even more innocent people. We need everyone to open their eyes and see reality as it truly is so our decisions are firmly rooted in what we know to be true rather than a comforting delusion.
Which isn't just hearsay. It's a well-established fact accepted by most biblical scholars.
My enthusiasm comes not from a hatred of religion or Jesus but an attempt to get people to realize they are being irrational and that that has consequences. Scientists have nothing but their reputations. If they are shown to be providing false information, even if it wasn't intentional, it's usually career-ending. That's true in all sciences not just climate science. I have no doubt that some are influenced by their grant money. Scientists are after all human. However for them all to be saying essentially the same thing and for all that data to be faked, creating an enormous global conspiracy that no other group of scientists decided to prove false, well, again Ocam's Razor. It's far easier to believe they are right then to believe in the suggested alternative.
And btw, there are plenty of good, moral muslims, Hindus, etc. and there are plenty of miserably immoral Christians. The Christian faith doesn't have a lock on doing good in the world. Have you forgotten the Crusades or dare I say The Spanish Inquisition? There's been plenty of really awful stuff done in the name of Christianity. For the most part, the golden rule is all you need to be a good, moral person. And who is more moral, the man who acts because it's the right thing to do, because it promotes human flourishing and reduces suffering or the man who acts out of fear of eternal damnation?
Yes, IMHO, basing decisions on false beliefs leads to bad things. I think that's easy enough to see. As for the weather, sure it changes but it's been headed in one direction and it's not looking good. I suppose it could just be coincidence that the planet started warming as the industrial revolution got into full swing, but I find it more logical that it's really all the extra CO2 we are dumping in the air. The more people required for a conspiracy to work, the less likely it will. That makes a climate change conspiracy amongst thousands of scientists across the global, close to impossible. I know first hand what we can do to the air. I grew up in Southern California. We had smog alert days. On those days doing anything that required a deep breath caused your lungs to hurt. Thankfully, we got smart and created the catalytic Convertor. The largest living organism in the world, the Great Barrier Reef, is dying and quickly. This reef, and many others like it around the world, took millions of years to form. It could be coincidence that they just happen to be dying out as we started pumping CO2 into the air but the number of coincidences is getting just a bit ridiculous.
I'm sorry, you're correct. I should have confirmed that one before I wrote it. The point of course being that if we didn't even get something as simple as his name right, what else is likely wrong?
BTW, I would respond with just as much enthusiasm if you were an atheist who believed in astrology.
&gt;So you're saying Christianity will be the end of us all? No, I'm saying that irrational thinking will be if we are not careful. Religion in all its forms is just one example. And sure, religions from all over the world have inspired great art but that's no reason to support them. There's plenty of great art that was not religiously inspired. &gt;Do you think it's your moral duty to embrace agnosticism? No, i simply see reason and logic as the clearly best way to observe reality. The alternative is that I make up whatever feels good regardless of how big a departure from reality it may be. &gt;Atheism is a religion, too. It has it's own religious beliefs. Atheism is NOT a religion. Atheism is "the disbelief or the lack of belief in the existence of God or gods." To call atheism a religion would be to call not playing baseball a sport. Atheists do not subscribe to a belief in god due to a complete lack of evidence. Look up the definition of religion and you will see that it is entirely incompatible with atheism. &gt;Religion is important to how society is organised and gives us the freedom to embrace what we want. Can you explain how religion is important to how society is organized because I don't see that at all. Religion is simply a cultural element of society. Atheism dominates the nordic countries and they aren't having any problems with the organization of their society. And how exactly does religion give us "the freedom to embrace what we want?" Most religions impose all kinds of restrictions. If anything, they are the exact opposite of freedom. Please explain how religion provides freedom. &gt;Science, on the other hand, enslaves us with knowledge we don't even know if it's true, because it's based on theories that can be disproven. Science "enslaves us with knowledge?" Knowledge allows us to better operate within reality. I don't see how that's anything except the exact opposite of enslavement. The majority of your life requires science. Without it you wouldn't have medicine, agriculture, architecture, metallurgy, let alone cars, airplanes, and the computer upon which you're reading this message. Science is open to correction so sometimes theories are revised or thrown out altogether when better information is found. Science provides our best understanding based on the information we have so far about how things work. Science provides us with just about all the new ways in which we understand the universe and thus makes us more free. &gt;But basing knowledge of climate change over religion is wrong. That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. These two things have almost nothing to do with each other. The exception being of course that religion is irrational so the more religious one is the more likely you'll also not believe that the climate is changing. So there is that correlation but that's about it. The bottom line is that if you're willing to believe in things that are not demonstrably true, then you can choose to believe in whatever you want. In that case, you're almost certainly going to end up believing in things that are not compatible with reality. There are endless examples of this. The result is that bad decisions are made. People choose to dislike people of other skin colors, other faiths or ways of thinking. Some people kill others over it. And all of this happens because a book tells you that an invisible being will punish you unless you do as he says. That is the very definition of enslavement. Our best chance for having a long lasting and happy society is to think critically. That means relying on logic and reason to guide us rather than a bunch of contradictory rules that come from a book promising things that can't even be demonstrated to be true.
The Dead Sea Scrolls talk about a messiah, presumably the Jewish messiah. They don't mention Jesus by name nor do the Jews think Jesus was anybody other than just another jew.
I agree with you that religion is not about proof. I can't be or it would fall apart immediately. I also agree with you that religion unites people. However, I would argue that people can and are united all the time to help make the world a better place without religion. There are plenty of secular organizations that are focused on charitable causes. The problem with religion is that it adds another layer. Little of the money collected each Sunday goes to the needy. Most of it goes to just keeping the church itself going. My in-laws are quite religious so I hear about the goings-on at their church and from what I've heard from others, these things are quite common. While Christianity does have good messages (turn the other cheek for example), there's no shortage of bad ones. This causes people to have to cherry-pick the parts that are good but of course there's no agreement on what is good and what is not. Just within Christianity alone there are hundreds of sects all believing somewhat different things. So what I'm saying is that you can have all the good things that comes from religion without the bad. There's nothing about religion that is both good and exclusive to religion. However, there's plenty that is bad AND exclusive to religion.
The Bible was written about real places so of course there are some things that can be verified. That two stories talk about a great flood is proof of nothing. Floods happen all the time so it's not surprising that two stories would use that same plot device. If Jesus was a prominent political symbol as you say, why are their no records of him outside the Bible? Why didn't the Romans keep records of him? If you go back and read the original Bible text in its original form, you'll see that modern day Bibles are quite different. That's because much was lost in the translation as it went from aramaic to hebrew to greek to latin to english. I'm fully aware that religion is not about proof. I can't be. It would fall apart immediately if it was. That's precisely my point. If you're going to believe in something without proof, you can believe in anything. Since our beliefs inform our actions, you're likely to make bad decisions as a result. I'm not trying to "ruin" anything but simply help people to understand how they can avoid making bad decisions and have a better life as a result.
Agreed. My dad read a book by a guy who wanted to understand the Bible as it was originally written so he learned aramaic to read the Bible in its original text. He found out that it's dramatically different than most bibles people read today. And you're right that scripture often gets used for political gain. This is why the US Constitution prohibits the government from choosing a national religion or requiring religion for any reason. It's important that they be kept separate. Our political leaders should be basing their decisions upon logic and reason, not scripture. They must be able to demonstrate that their decisions are sensible. That cannot be done if they are based upon beliefs that are not demonstrably true.
The popularity of an idea is not necessarily indicative of its quality. People have subscribed to all kinds of ideas that we now know are false: The Earth is flat. The Sun orbits the Earth. The ether. The stars as points of light that can "fall to Earth" (from the Bible). Bleeding a sick person will make them well. The list goes on and on. If you ask virtually anyone if thinking irrationally is going to generally lead to good things, they will say no. That's logical. However, the moment you bring up religion, people get iffy. Suddenly, when they realize that religion certainly meets the qualification of being irrational, they change their minds (at least when it comes to religion) and start defending it. I understand why religion is popular. It answers questions that haven't been answered elsewhere. Over the centuries many of the questions religion answered are now better answered by science. The reverse is not true. There is no question that was once answered by science but is now better answered by religion. The problem with the answers that religion provides is that they are not demonstrably true. You are asked to simply accept they are true. Why is that OK in religion when it's not ok in any other part of our lives? Irrational thinking has resulted in a tremendous amount of suffering since the dawn of mankind. It would be a major step forward for our civilization and species if we could view irrational thinking the way we do racism, as something to be expunged.
One of my favorites from the HHG2G.
Started my own software company 20 years ago and I'm still running it to this day.
Imposing a religious test? Sanders was trying to find out if this individual can treat people of other faiths equally. Based upon what the nominee wrote in that article, it's a fair question. I guess I should have expected much different from the National Review.
I'm very even-keeled.
In Saudi Arabia "inflatable ball" is a synonym for "woman."
He's even worse than the media says he is. Just wait, you'll see.
I moved because a friend was moving and I'd lived in 2 places my whole life.
Perhaps the languages you are choosing are too low level for what you're looking for. Check out [Xojo. ](http://www.xojo.com) . It's likely simpler and yet still powerful. They have a free Introduction to Programming book as well.
This must be some strange new usage of the word "vindication" that I wasn't previously aware of.
What evidence do you have that this is true? What can be demonstrated? It may be comforting to think this. It that doesn't make it true. That it could be true isn't all that convincing. I think it's a mistake to believe in things that are not demonstrably true as our beliefs inform our actions. This means that believing in what feels good but is not demonstrably true can lead to bad decisions.
Punishment is a poor teacher. It's far better to show people why actions are good or bad so they learn how to act from knowledge rather than from threats and pain.
What evidence do you have of this? That it "just makes sense" to you isn't enough. That's not evidence.
I met and married my wife.
This is one of those rare cases (no pun intended) where the obvious answer was obviously not obvious or we would have all intuitively known it.
Went there 18 years ago during our honeymoon. It is indeed beautiful. I'd love to return sometime.
A story dated April 27th is "BREAKING NEWS" ?
Wow. I can't imagine.
Total cholesterol isn't particularly relevant. It's the ratio of your HDL (good cholesterol) to your LDL (bad). For example, my total cholesterol is 213 which is slightly above normal (200) but my ratio is quite good (2.94 - they want it &lt;=5). My triglycerides have been quite high in the past. The medical community seems to go back and forth as to whether they contribute to heart disease or not. Normal is under 150 and mine have been has high as 872. A few weeks ago I had them checked for the first time in 2 years and they were 140. I've also lost 20 pounds since then going from 180 to 160 (I'm 6'). How did I do it? Three things: 1. I walk 3 miles every morning in about 50 minutes. 2. I only eat between 11AM and 7PM. I'm not a nazi about it but I'm pretty good. 3. I don't keep much in the way of refined carbs at home. No soda, no chips, etc. I eat very healthy at home. Lunch for example is lunch meat, carrots, hummus, a little cheese and some fruit. When I go out, I have soda, chips, etc., because if I cut this stuff out entirely I know I won't stick to it. I also weigh myself every morning and I record it in the health app on my iPhone so I can see the chart showing my trend. The result of this daily feedback is that if I gained weight from the day before, I tend to be better today. If I lost weight, that encourages me to keep up the good work.
After the fact, sure. I was just surprised to realize that all this time I thought that the word "case" actually directly applies to the size (I suppose is the best way to say it) of the design of the letter.
According to Wikipedia, she died of a pulmonary embolism.
Macs because the quality of the hardware. You get what you pay for. Macs last a lot longer and since 1985 I think I've had to have a Mac actually fixed maybe twice. Also, Macs are easier to use and to maintain. With a Mac I can focus on my work rather than spend my time dealing with the computer itself. It's been shown many times that Macs have a lower total cost of ownership. That's why IBM now lets employees choose a Mac for their work computer if they want one. Lastly, you can run Windows on a Mac but you can't run MacOS on a Windows PC (at least, not legally). And FWIW, I work with Windows and Linux at my work so I'm very familiar with them all.
I'm just telling you what IT managers who have both to manage say. The total cost of ownership, which is far more than simply purchasing a computer, is lower for a Mac. They are certainly more secure as well. Mac users tend to need a LOT less help than Windows users and that cost difference can be significant.
Or that not playing baseball is a sport.
It's really amazing how awful card payment systems actually are. Nearly everything about them is terrible. They had a chance to get it right with the chip cards but instead made it worse. If you have ever paid for something with Apple Pay, you know what the experience should be like. I hold my iPhone near the card reader with my thumb resting on the home button and once second later there's a happy ding! sound with a check mark on the screen letting me know it completed successfully. That's how it should be. Half the chip card readers tell you to remove your card after playing an annoying buzz sound 3 times that sounds like your card was rejected. Who thought this was a good idea? I have no experience with Samsung Pay other than watching a guy try to use it over and over again at Whole Foods before giving up and pulling out his credit card.
I've been married 18 years and follow a very similar path.
And exactly how does that work? God created man knowing he would sin, created the punishment for it, then came to Earth as his own son knowing he would be killed and this somehow absolves us of having to be punished by him for a situation he created? Can you not see exactly how fucked up that is? Imagine that I have a four year old child. I bake his favorite cookies and place them where he can reach them. I tell him not to touch them knowing full well that at 4 years of age, he just doesn't have the will power to do so. When I discover that he has eaten one of the cookies, I stand in front of him and burn my own arm with a lighter so I don't have to punish him. That's some sick, twisted shit.
I'm an atheist but I have to disagree. As others have stated, religion in western countries is on the decline. I believe this is because science continues to provide more and more answers that religion once did. You can't force people to believe one thing or another. However, you can educate them. Teaching kids critical thinking and skepticism at school would be a great way to give kids the tools to view religion through a more rational lens. That would almost certainly accelerate our move away from believing in things that are not demonstrably true which I believe is the source of most of our problems.
That's surprising because bobcats are extremely fierce. Mountain Lions, which outweigh bobcats by a considerable amount, tend to steer clear of them.
Whoa. Well, I see what you mean.
The difference of course being that according to The Bible, God created everyone so he setup the entire thing knowing in advance exactly what would happen. He could have prevented but didn't. Of course he didn't because he never existed in the first place. That's why the story is what it is: because it's the only way it works.
Mine have been as high as 680 though that was long ago. Two years ago they were about 400. Two weeks ago they were 140, in other words, normal. A year ago March I weighed 180 which is the high end of the normal BMI range for my height. I figured out that the middle of normal is 160 or about what I weighed in high school. I made that my goal. It took about 6 months to lose 20 pounds. I figured if I weighed 160, my triglycerides would be normal. How did I do it? 1. I walk 3 miles every morning in 50 minutes. 2. I eat only between 11am and 7pm. I'm not a Nazi about it but I'm pretty good. 3. I don't keep chips, soda and the other usual suspects in the house. I still have them when I go out, but not at home so not every day. 4. I try to keep refined carbs to a minimum. For example, lunch at home is turkey slices, carrots with hummus, cheese and some fruit. 5. I weigh myself every morning and record it on my iPhone so I can see my trend. The constant feedback keeps me on track. In short, it required a bit of a lifestyle change but I made my goal and have kept it off. My weight goes up and down a few pounds but I can manage. You just have to decide that it's important enough.
Had a woman I was seeing long ago suddenly decide to get on an airplane and fly 3000 miles to spend the weekend in bed with me. I've never gone very far myself.
We didn't have choice anyway. He's omnipotent and omniscient so he knew what was going to happen. If he knew, then we live in a deterministic universe and don't have free will. We don't anyway. Your choices are the result of your neurons and synapses, neither of which you control. So yes, you are basically a biological computer. There's plenty of evidence to support that and none that I can see to support free will. It's an illusion. We should not believe in things that are not demonstrably true as our beliefs inform our actions. Choices made based upon false beliefs are likely to be incompatible with reality or at least more so than those made when thinking rationally.
Wow.
Eating healthier, exercising more and being comfortable with occasionally being a little hungry (not giving in to that urge to always feel full), will help you lose weight. It's really all in your head. If you can convince yourself that reaching a healthy weight is far better than the things you used to do that keep the weight on, you will reach your goal. And I'm sure you already know this since you are on reddit but you will LOOK a LOT better at a healthy weight. The before and after pictures I see on reddit are amazing.
Your choices are the result of your neurons and synaptic connections. However, you don't exist in a vacuum. At this moment, my choices result in output (this message) which you are receiving as input since you are reading it. So in some small way your brain now functions ever so slightly differently as a result of my brain's decision to engage you in conversation. See what I mean? There's no way I can see (that could be demonstrated to be true) that your choices are anything except a function of your neurons and synaptic connections which are the result of your previous choices all the way back to your early childhood experiences and genetics, neither of which you authored. We know that early childhood trauma, stroke, disease, head trauma all can impact who you are. If every important aspect of your personality can be effected by changes to your brain, then you really are just your current brain state. You don't control your neurons and synaptic connections which means that free will, at least as most people think of it, is an illusion.
Atheism isn't a religion in the same way that not playing baseball isn't a sport.
Agreed. I quite enjoyed it.
That the commonly believed fact that on average you swallow 8 spiders per year in your sleep being in fact false and that it was just made up to show how easily you can propagate a falsehood on the Internet, is in fact, false.
Crossing the ocean by sailing ship.
When you are ashamed of yourself for doing it.
Well, it feels like a miracle that I ever met my wife.
I was going to add that but it felt too USA-centric. Then again, crossing the ocean in a sailing ship....
And that's why you should always include the [Serious].
If each of our brains was truly random, that would be true. Over millions of years, many animals have evolved to seek protection from a group. Fish, herding animals, pack animals and humans, all seek protection from a group. It could be that the desire to do so was a genetic accident with those preferring the company of others to solitude being more likely to survive and pass on their genes. That was certainly the case with the domestication of wolves into dogs. Those that were comfortable around people benefited from being able to get scraps and eventually being fed by people. Over time this has lead us to evolve into beings whose brains see the benefits of tribal membership. Those that could successfully become members were those that understood there would be rules they approved of and rules they didn't but that the tribe as a whole, agreed to live within the rules regardless of personal acceptance or rejection. To live outside of them meant being ostracized or even cast out. Essentially, our brains have evolved accept that there are rules that the majority has agreed upon and that we each must thus accept. Your output becomes my input and could change my logic. For example, I used to be pro-death penalty until my brother presented me with an excellent argument against it which changed my mind. He provided the output that became my input and changed my logic. Now my output to others on that topic is different than it was before. However, where we are headed here is that free will is absolutely an illusion. I can't see how it could be otherwise and be compatible with the natural world. Once you accept that, holding people responsible for their actions makes no sense. However, holding them accountable still absolutely does. If someone is a danger to others, we need to remove them from society (and ideally treat them) until we are convinced they can safely return. Arbitrary sentences make no sense at all especially when no treatment is provided. That's why we have a 65% recidivism rate in the US. Instead, crime should be treated as a mental illness with criminals required to be treated and not released until we are confident they won't reoffend (are cured). If we don't have the technology to cure them, why would we EVER release them? Once we recognize that free will is an illusion, we can begin the process of reinventing our system of justice. However, there's benefit before even doing that. Once you decide that free will is an illusion, you can recognize that getting angry at someone makes no sense at all. We each make the best decisions we can make at the time we make them with the information we had. If someone doesn't meet your expectations, it was never going to be any different. The best thing to do is figure out how to help them to meet your expectations in the future and of course hold them accountable to the degree that that makes sense. Rewards and punishments are simply more inputs that we hope will change a person's logic to something closer to our expectations of them.
TLA - Three Letter Acronym
Eyes Wide Shut
You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.
[Seasons In The Sun](https://youtu.be/-tPcc1ftj8E)
I walk 3 miles in 50 minutes every morning. I only eat between 11am and 7pm. I've cut back in refined carbs and lost 20 pounds in the process. I now weigh about what I did in high school.
Ah don't worry. What could go wrong?
My dad was an electrical engineer and would bring home stuff from work. One day he brought home a Texas Instruments portable terminal. It didn't even have a screen, just a keyboard, a printer and acoustic couplers we could use to plug our phone into it in order to connect to the VAX mainframe at his work. It would run BASIC so I wrote a few simple programs. Later we bought an Apple II clone (a Franklin ACE 1000) and I taught myself more BASIC on that. This eventually lead to other languages. I'm entirely self-taught. Many years ago I founded a software company which I still run today. All of my engineers are self-taught and few of them have a computer science degree. In fact, the engineer who we rely upon the most, never even went to college. I'm not saying a computer science degree is unnecessary. Sometimes it can make the difference between you and someone else getting the job. However, in my case what I care about are the skills of the person and less about their education. Someone who started programming at 10 as a hobby and has been doing it ever since but has no college degree is likely to impress me far more than someone who started when they entered college and received a degree in computer science.
Don't reply on sending in your resume. What that does is cause them to compare only what they see on paper and you're much more than that. If you could work anywhere (based upon your skills), where would that be?
No since you won't be driving.
That's no excuse for violence.
They aren't the same. They improve them with each release. Faster, more storage, Touch ID, better cameras, etc. What you want is a dramatic change to the exterior appearance and that's not easy since there's only so much to the appearance you can change without impacting the functionality of the phone.
Whomever owns the vehicle with have to insure it. It doesn't matter who is driving, you or the computer. It's your vehicle. Having said that, my guess is that car makers will agree to take the blame of the software is ever determined to be at fault.
All smartphones are made in China along with most other stuff. However, robotics are going to change that over the next 10 years. Have you seen Apple's [Liam demo](https://youtu.be/AYshVbcEmUc) ? If it can take an iPhone apart, it can put one together. It's only a matter of time.
I think the only way it can work is if the manfacturers take responsibility when the auto-drive is considered at fault. I don't see how insurance companies would handle it otherwise.
Ah. Well then you know what I mean. Replace "you" with OP. :)
I actually like the new MacBook Pro. I really love Touch ID (which I use many times a day) and the Touch Bar. Also, the fans rarely come on (compared to my 2012 MacBook Pro) and when they do, they are very quiet.
Agreed because we don't have any on the road yet. I'm not counting Google as those are test vehicles and I'm sure they are ready to pay should their software cause any accidents.
No there not. I take pictures all the time with mine and they look great. The new portrait mode in the iPhone 7 Plus is very cool. 3D Touch (a feature I use a lot) is new. Being able to engage Siri by voice without the phone being plugged in is new. The new cameras do a much better job in low light situations. They have better battery life. They are louder and more water resistant. However, what I like most about iPhones is that they work very well and I get new features from new versions of iOS for many years.
Agreed. In the US alone we have 10 million professional drivers all of whom will likely be out of a job inside a generation.
Well, they really can't change the form factor that much. Even if they did, Apple has provided features that abstract the developer from most changes to the surface area, presuming the developer takes the time to do it right.
We talk about what's going on In our lives. It's always fresh. However, we don't feel the need to gab nonstop.
Most people want thinner and lighter. Like you, I had to buy adapters as well but that's a temporary thing. Apple has always pushed new standards. So the result is that more peripherals will start showing up with USB-C options. If they included a regular USB port then peripherals makers would have an excuse to not bother with USB-C and we'd be stuck with that for a long time.
Since it's not demonstrably true, I suggest to them that they ignore it and if they can't, seek help.
Inception.
Which migrants are you talking about? Not Mexico. Net immigration with Mexico is negative. If you're talking about immigrants from other countries, well, that's how we control our population. If we ended all immigration right now, the US population would begin to shrink as it is doing now in Japan.
From an [article](https://www.wsj.com/articles/mexican-immigration-to-u-s-reverses-1447954334) in the Wall Street Journal but you can find other sources as well.
According to Pew Research, it's been [dropping](http://www.pewhispanic.org/interactives/unauthorized-trends/) since 2007.
I'm not saying we should ignore it. I'm saying it's not as big a problem as it's being made out to be especially when it comes to social services. Illegals tend to NOT draw upon social services because most don't have a social security number and most are afraid of being discovered to be illegal and deported.
Both parties need to approach any issue with the willingness to compromise.
No pilot wants to eject. First, it's very hard on your body and second, it means you will be losing a $30 million plus aircraft. I also believe that if you ever eject twice you're grounded permanently.
Right. I'm talking about a regular pilot not one who is specifically testing ejection seats. I'm not sure how it is today but I have a friend who was in the US Navy in the 1980's and he serviced ejection seats. At that time, they were essentially a rocket that was strapped to the back of the pilots seat. Understandably, there were no safeties for such a device so whenever he went out on deck to service one, everyone scattered.
I won a free burrito per week for a year from a local restaurant along with a friend so the two of us go nearly every week. I still buy a drink but hey, $2.24 for a complete meal is not bad.
Software development in general.
You need to have a small project you want to complete. That should be the goal. Then pick a slightly bigger, more ambitious project and continue. If you don't have a project, you'll never have any context with which to learn.
Choose very carefully those things in which you will be not be flexible.
Agreed but it's easy to turn everything into that and then we get nowhere. An unwillingness to compromise should be an exceedingly rare thing so that the other party knows you're unlikely to budge. Pull that every time and the other side becomes immune to it. Also, you can't be stubborn when you have no leverage. So choose wisely when to dig your heals in.
Agreed. That can't have been very good for him though. I wonder if he had any health problems later in life as a result of all those ejections?
Sure but it would stop the problem from getting worse. Doctors really should not be prescribing anything. Also, we should not allow prescription drugs to be advertised to the public. You have no business "asking your doctor about..." any kind of prescription drug. Tell the doctor what your problem is and let him or her determine a solution.
Ha! No, they don't but I can guarantee you that no pilot wants to have to say they lost a $30 million aircraft unless it's obvious there was no alternative.
The difference is that the doctors would not be constantly influenced by the drug companies to prescribe their drugs. Sure, the pharmacists would but they are going to prescribe something anyway. The idea is to move away from a pill always being the answer.
I was hoping the guy in the blue shirt was going to stop her and point to the camera. Seeing her reaction would have been priceless.
That we shouldn't accept as true things that are not demonstrably true because our beliefs inform our actions. For example, you might make different choices depending on whether you believe there's an eternal afterlife of paradise waiting for you after death or the same nothingness that preceded your birth.
I think you're making the whole thing a lot more complicated than it need be. It's irrational to belief in ANYTHING that is not demonstrably true because it otherwise can't be distinguished from illusion. Our beliefs inform our actions. This means that we make different choices depending upon what we believe. Believing that there's an eternal afterlife of happiness awaiting you after your death versus the same nothingness that preceded your birth will certainly impact the choices you make while alive. Perhaps you decide to make the most of what time you have. Perhaps you decide to fly a plane full of innocent people into a building full of more innocent people. What you believe will affect that decision.
Religion exists because our brains are pattern recognition engines which results in survival benefit from understanding what's going on around us. When we don't understand, we are stressed so sometimes we prioritize removing stress over truth. When this happens we make up answers or accept made up answers from others. Those others are incentivized to provide those fantasies because they are empowered by those who accept them. Getting over religion requires accepting that you're not going to know the answers to everything including some really important questions such as what happens to us after we die? To quote Carl Sagan: "It is better to see the universe as it truly is than to persist in a delusion no matter how comforting or satisfying."
Indeed. I've listened to it many times. It's incredible not just for its content but the terrific job the narrator did.
When you arrive at your destination, stay awake until your normal bed time in that time zone. You'll wake up the next morning adjusted to the new time zone.
My two children, who would otherwise not exist, wouldn't say so.
The important thing is to be able to go to sleep at the right time in your destination time zone. If you sleep on the flight, that's ok as long as it doesn't interfere with falling asleep at the right time when you arrive.
Probably true.
It doesn't have to stop them all. We've got two other gas giants, several other planets and the Sun which is 1.3 million times larger than the Earth and makes up 99.86% of all the matter in our solar system. Our planet is a tiny spec. Having said that, we have been hit numerous times just not by anything quite big enough to put us completely out of business.
And extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
Those are not evidence of the existence of God anymore then the Harry Potter series is evidence of Harry Potter's existence.
I can only handle just so many years of happiness. After almost two decades of wedded bliss, I think I need a few years of soul-crushing hell.
To quote the band Genesis: "And you kill what you fear, and you fear what you don't understand."
I wonder if his name inspired the name of the character "Lenard Smalls" from the movie "Razing Arizona"?
Exactly. I've heard my conservative friends complain about the question Sanders raised. It's an absolutely legitimate question. This nominee has publicly indicated an intolerance towards muslims. Sanders wanted to know if he feels he can treat people of all faiths equally. All the nominee had to say was that while he has his own personal religious beliefs, certainly all people are worth of equal and fair treatment. Instead he repeatedly dodged that question until finally realizing that Sanders wasn't going to give up and had spoon-fed him the right answer. At that point Sanders understood that while the nominee finally said the right thing, it was clear he didn't believe it. I applaud Senator Sanders for calling a spade a spade.
I went to the one in Hollywood with my son. We went to the wand shop and went through the whole thing where they pick someone from the audience to find their wand as Harry did in the first book/movie. The next day we came back with our daughter who is the biggest Harry Potter fan of all. When we went into Olevander's for the wand selection ceremony. I guided my daughter in and had her stand just where the kid chosen the day before was standing. Sure enough, they chose my daughter as well. It was quite the magical moment (in more ways than one) for her. She'll never forget it.
I realized it when I was 30. No one else would have noticed but I did. I was devastated because I'd grown up believing that by obviously have my mom's gene for grey hair (started going grey at 18) I also had her side of the family gene for baldness which meant I wouldn't go bald. In the end, many years later, I had a hair transplant. It's not enough to cover the top completely but if I keep my hair short, it looks pretty good.
If in both cases you mean evidence of a fictional character then I agree with you.
Yes. As you walk in take a sharp right to a spot near the far wall putting you to the extreme left of the wand maker. That's where the guy stood who was chosen and the next day my daughter was chosen standing in the exact same spot. It could have been a coincidence of course but it worked.
See my reply to one of the other posts on this thread.
Possibly but my daughter is pretty shy so they certainly didn't pick her thinking she was outgoing.
How would they know this? My daughter is shy. She wasn't wearing any Harry Potter gear or anything. I was pleasantly surprised they chose her but other than where she was standing, I couldn't imagine why.
My daughter wasn't wearing any HP gear but she's cute and she might have made lots of eye contact. That's something I didn't notice.
While my daughter is on the shy side, she is a big Harry Potter fan. She wasn't wearing any HP gear but it's certainly possible that her face expressed how happy she was to be there and she may have made good eye contact with the wand keeper. I wasn't watching for those things but it's certainly possible. As I said, it may have just been a coincidence regarding where she was standing. Perhaps they scan from their left to right and since she was on the left side of the group, she was seen first.
LSD?
This explains the relatively low population of Canada relative to its size.
Matchmaker.com in 1999. We married 6 months later and have been happily married ever since.
Part I If you have been seeing your health insurance rates getting out of hand, listen up. I run a software company and have watched as rates have only gone up every year (except one and our agent's response to my inquiry about it was "Don't ask."). Typically it's gone up 10 to 15% per year. I've dealt with it by switching insurance companies and raising the deductible. Originally we had a $500 deductible. Now we are up to a $2000 deductible. I've never covered my two kids and wife through my company insurance because it's always been too expensive. Instead, since they are all pretty healthy, I would get a high deductible plan for them. For as long as I can remember, they've had a plan where the deductible for each of them has been about $6000 to $7000 deductible PPO plan (so we could take them to the doctor we wanted to use). I cover my wife on a separate plan because it just worked out to be less expensive that way. Recently we received a letter from Humana indicating that my kids plan was not being renewed. Humana is pulling out of Texas apparently. I went to healthcare.gov and there's now only ONE insurance company providing insurance as far as I can tell. That's Blue Cross/Blue Shield. The closest thing they have is the same deductible but an HMO so we'd have to switch doctors. The premium however is 56% higher than we are paying now. Keep in mind these are high deductible plans. If my wife and two kids somehow hit their limits in the same year, we could be out of pocket $20,000 or more. In looking for another way I came across something called a Health Share plan. I'd never heard of them before but there are several organizations that provide them and they have been around for a couple of decades now. They are all non-profits and I get the feeling they rely on word of mouth to keep their costs down. That explains why I had never heard of them. I mentioned it to a friend in the financial services business and he had. I guess that shouldn't surprise me. Health Share plans are not insurance but they work the same way. For all practical purposes, they are insurance. You have a monthly premium which they call your Monthly Shared Amount and a deductible called your "Annual Unshared Amount" (at least with the one we are going with). They have a large pool of members (in the hundreds of thousands). Your annual well-check is automatically covered (just like with an ACA plan) but any other visits are paid by you until you reach your Annual Unshared Amount. Basically, your Monthly Shared Amount goes into a pool and is used to pay bills for other members (just like insurance). In fact, they even show you the initials and dollar amount of any members whose bills are paid via money you paid as your Monthly Shared Amount. You can't see who or what it was for but at least you know you helped someone out. It's all completely computerized of course. You can even send the other member a private note if you want to wish them well. It works pretty much the same as health insurance and it's exempt from the ACA so you won't pay a tax penalty. You get a membership card and when you go to the doctor, hospital, etc. you tell them that you are a self-pay and to send the bill to the address on the card. I'm told that in most cases, they will do that. If they don't, you get the bill, scan it and submit it yourself. As long as the expense is an eligible expense (and it appears that pretty much anything your typical health insurance policy covers is considered eligible), once you have reached your Annual Unshared Amount, the health share plan pays 100% of the rest. So far it's just like health insurance, right? Here's where it's different. For a single person, the Annual Unshared Amount (which is their term for deductible) is $500. It's $1000 for a couple (which can be a married couple, a parent and child, or two children) and for a family (anything more than two) it's $1500. So for my family, the most we can be out of pocket in a year is $1500 compared to over $20,000 with our former insurance. If I had stuck with our current insurance, our monthly premium would have been $680. With the health share plan it's only $400. So I'm paying a lot less for much better coverage. My company pays $740 per month just to cover me and that's with a $2000 deductible. I could drop that and add myself to our family health share plan for an extra $50 per month. That's a $690 per month savings. They cover some things insurance companies won't cover such as alternative medicine. They cover you when you are out of the country as well. All they ask is that the cost not be more than it would likely be here in the US, that the invoices be in English and in US dollars. If they tell you they aren't going to pay for something, they ENCOURAGE you to call them and work it out. They say that most things can be resolved over the phone. If not, they have two more levels of negotiation you can go through. If you're single and under 30 years old, the cost for their BEST plan is only $149 per month. That's $1 million in coverage per incident with no lifetime maximum. Because I'm only signing up my wife and two kids, they are giving us the single parent discount saving us $50 per year. I've gone over the Reddit max so I'll post the rest in the next post...
Part II (read Part I first below - I had to split it up because I went past the 10,000 character limit) I asked them what they would do if they somehow had too many people submitting too many claims to pay for. The rep said it's never happened but they have a procedure for it. In that case, the board of directors gets together to decide how much to raise rates across the board either temporarily or permanently. However, she said it's never happened and in fact, two years ago they actually LOWERED RATES by $50 per month. When you've stopped laughing, read on. From what the rep on the phone told me, doctors and hospitals typically like working with them because they are really transparent about what they will pay, there's no paperwork and they get paid in less than 30 days. She said that they usually can get the bills discounted by 35% to 65%. So you benefit from this while you are paying your annual unshared amount. Once you get past that, they pay 100% and of course everyone is then benefiting because it's helping to keep costs down. Now there are some downsides. I'm only talking about the one we signed up with but I'll bet they are all quite similar. First, if you smoke, you have to agree to quit within 6 months. If you have any other health issues that are a result of your behavior (such as being overweight), they require an extra $80 per month to pay for a health coach that will help you set up goals to quit smoking, lose the weight, etc. They call you once a month. Once you have met your goal, that stops and the $80 per month ends. The weight goals appear to be reasonable. My wife for example will have to lose about 30 pounds. She's 5'2" and currently weights 180. They max out on their chart for that height at 151. They don't cover contraception. If you're used to your insurance paying for that, they don't cover it. They do provide a prescription drug discount program and they do provide a discount on birth control pills. A generic version of Ortho-Novum is $21 for 28 pills. The brand name is twice that price. I can use the discount card at my local Costco pharmacy. I've already checked that. If you get an STD and don't have a plausible explanation such as a recent blood transfusion, they will assume someone was having sex outside of marriage and they won't pay. You can drink alcohol but if you end up with a bad liver as a result of alcohol abuse, they won't pay. Use illegal drugs and get hurt as a result? They won't pay. Keep in mind that it's not that they are trying to avoid paying. It's simply that they want members that are dedicated to living healthy lives. Because they are not ACA, they are not required to accept you. If you have significant pre-existing conditions, it's possible they might not accept you. I'm not sure about that. They don't pay anything towards treatment of pre-existing conditions for the first year. For the next two years they limit it to $50,000 per year and after that, it's no longer considered pre-existing. As I said there are many of these organizations. They all seem to be non-profit and are all run by Christian ministries. That's a bit of a downside for me. However, the one we signed up with basically says that they believe that helping others in need is the Christian thing to do. The rep on the phone never brought it up. It was like talking to any insurance company. The enrollment form never mentioned it either. It looked like a standard insurance company enrollment form. This is the closest thing to medicare for all I have found. We have just signed up so I can't speak from experience as to how well it works but I looked and looked and the most negative reviews I found weren't very negative at all. I found lots of people talking about how much they have saved. Seems to me that this is how insurance should work. Insurance companies have shareholders to answer to. These health share organizations only have their members. They are like credit unions in that sense. The one we signed up with is [Liberty Health Share](http://https://libertyhealthshare.org). I checked out many of them and they seemed to be the most transparent, the least religious, etc. I'd prefer a secular organization but until one exists that is as good as this plan appears to be, I'm sticking with Liberty Health Share. It really sounded too good to be true which is exactly what the Executive Director says in a video interview I watched on Youtube. That's a very common reaction. A new customer said the same thing but he researched it and believes it's exactly what it appears to be. I'm a member of a credit union and they rock. This health share concept appears to be the equivalent but for health care. I encourage anyone who is struggling with ever-increasing insurance rates to take a look. Once we have had it for a while I will be able to speak about it from direct experience. Right now, it's purely from my research.
How exactly does faith answer the why questions and how can we even enough it's true? Can you list some why some why questions that faith answers in a way that is demonstrably true?
Wow, and you look 10 years younger as well. My wife needs to lose about 50 pounds. Perhaps your photos will inspire her.
It's worse than you think. His degree was in Animal Husbandry and never never did better than a C in any math or science class.
I think they are both incredible cars. Too expensive for me, but incredible cars nonetheless.
Crime should be viewed as a mental illness and treated as such. This also means that sentences should be about treatment, not about putting someone away for some arbitrary amount of time. If we can cure them in 6 months, great. If they are a danger to society and we don't have the technology to cure them, they should never be allowed to return to society.
Wow, this little girl really got gyped. She's spent most of her short life in hospitals and doctor's offices. It's stories like this that make me wonder why anyone believes in God.
That's unfortunately the way it appears to be going in the US.
I've heard this but my wife and I watch TV in bed, use our phones, etc., and never have any trouble going to sleep. In fact, if the kids are using the TV and I suggest we watch our shows in bed on my iPad, my wife often tells me she will fall asleep if we do that. I wonder if sleep specialists are saying what they say based upon what they've been told is true or what they have actually seen to be true?
Except for the fact that 3 million more people voted for HRC than Trump? I think the National Review is over-looking this crucial fact that negates their entire argument. Trump essentially won in a technicality.
In Austin, Texas there's a urologist whose name is Richard Chop.
Swing and night shifts can be pretty rough on getting regular sleep.
Have you read the books? I don't think it was the director. The story just gets darker and darker as the books go along.
I have tinnitus. It would be nice to enjoy silence again.
Are people paying you for your work? Then yes, you're likely a decent programmer.
Good and bad are relative terms. If you're being paid for your work, someone values it.
[Inferno](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferno_%28Niven_and_Pournelle_novel%29) based upon the book by the same name Larry Niven as Jerry Pournelle.
Value is also relative and based upon what you know. Therefore, by that logic you yourself could be the one that doesn't understand the lack of value of something you currently find valuable. That logic suggests that only someone with infinite knowledge can truly value anything which is of course nonsense. People value things differently. In general there's no one authority that sets the value for something.
Sure. But we are assuming the boss has some ability to judge their employee's productivity. Or are you assuming incompetence all the way up to the top?
Right but come on, the programmer is producing nothing and the boss just doesn't notice? How long do you think that could go on?
Good point. I've never connected sleep quality to any action I take provided I get enough sleep. For me, if seems like it's getting 8 solid hours of sleep that matters. 6 and I still feel tired. 8 and I feel just right.
Wow. I have a friend who claims that 4 hours is plenty for him. I'm a zombie after only 4 hours of sleep.
My point is that "good" is a relative term. If you want to find a way to objectively measure programmers, by all means do. However, using a term like "good" is meaningless because it's a relative term. My argument is that if someone is paying you to write code and they are happy with what you produce, you're a good programmer. You may not be great or awesome but you're at least good in the eyes of the person paying for your work.
True. We've all had those nights where you sleep through the night but don't wake up refreshed.
And I think you are all being too literal. There's no set of practices such that you must do them all to be good and do anything else are considered bad. The world is not so black and white.
So again we are back to relative. Yes, you can always find programmers that are better than other programmers. Does that mean that in that moment, the other programmers are bad and the new ones good? In that parable, what if Bob comes along and his code is way better than even Alan's? Guys, I've been running a software company for the last 2 decades. I've got a team of developers. We have standards, best practices, etc. We make sure there are unit tests, we do code reviews, etc. That's all really important. I fired an engineer who couldn't follow them so I get it. However, I feel like there's this nebulous idea of what is good and what is bad when it comes to programmers. It's not like we have a list of things that if you do them you're good and if not miss one of them you are bad. It's not that black and white. That's the point I'm making.
So if you're providing value, you're not good? And if that's what you believe, can you point me to this list of things one must do to qualify as "good"?
I agree with most everything you said. And the guy I fired was providing value for me but he was also a cost because he couldn't follow the standards of the team upon which he worked. This was a case of being too smart and too inexperienced at the same time. That's not a good combination because it leads people to sometimes think that they know better when really they don't. Being humble when amongst more experienced people is a good thing. I'm only pushing back in the argument that we have some fixed definition of what a "good" programmer is. That's all. There's no list that one must follow absolutely to qualify as a good programmer. The point you made illustrates this. You could follow all the best practices in the world and still not be good at shaders, AI, writing performance-efficient code, etc. We can state unequivocally that following well-known best practices is a good idea. But doing so does not ispo facto, make one a good programmer. And following most but not all yet being otherwise brilliant does not automatically make someone a bad programmer. All too often in this world we try to make things black and white that aren't. I know there is comfort in simplicity but that doesn't make it true.
And as you can imagine, I'm sure he never goes by Dick. My wife was at a wedding recently where one of the place cards was for "Dick Tips".
I used to teach programming. I got to watch my predecessor teach each of the two classes once then I had to take over. He taught the parts. Here's what a variable is and how to use it. Here's what an array is and how to use it. Here's what loop is and how to use it. I followed this same way of teaching for a few years. Over time, I noticed that after I got a certain way into the class, people's lightbulbs would start coming on. They would start to understand how all these pieces worked together. That's when I had an epiphany of my own. I was teaching absolutely backwards. The brain stores new information by connecting it to information you already know. Instead of teaching people how the parts worked and then them eventually seeing how all of these parts could be used to solve problems, I started with the problems themselves. I would introduce a problem that they could all identify with. That allowed them to have a place inside their heads at which to anchor everything I was about to teach them. I would then show them the parts they need to solve that problem. It often meant that I wasn't teaching them everything about variables, arrays or loops, just what they needed to know to solve the problem I had identified at the outset, but that's OK because eventually we'd move on to some other problem that required I teach them more about those same items I had covered earlier. This might feel like an inefficient approach because I'm going back over items I'd already discussed rather than discussing each one completely before moving on. However, from the perspective of the student, how they learn, and how the brain works, it was the most efficient method of teaching I could imagine. I actually had people coming up to me after class telling me that it was the best class they'd ever taken on any subject. It was simply that I figured out you need to start with something the student already understands and link all the new information to that. They needed to understand why what they were learning was important from the outset rather than afterwards as too many teachers do.
I'm not intending to do that. I'm intending to make sure people understand that what works for some people won't work for others. All too often we hear about solutions that are broadcast as if they will solve problem X for everyone only to find out that it's not that simple. So for example, the advice of "don't use your smartphone in bed right before falling asleep" is not necessarily good advice. It would be better to say, if you're having trouble falling asleep, look at what you are doing in the hours preceding that. Are you consuming caffeine? Try not doing that. Are you reading? Are you on your phone? Try avoiding these things one by one and see what impact if any that has. Hopefully at some point you will be able to tell which are impacting your sleep and then you'll know what to do to get better sleep. The method for determining what one can do it get better sleep is what I'm trying to make sure people understand so they don't haphazardly make unnecessary changes.
Your increase in rent is less about an increase in property taxes and more about supply and demand I suspect.
Hey at least he's a drummer!
I'm surprised the rich are so short-sided. If they studied history, they'd know what happens to them when there's no one left between them and the poor: they die.
Gato Trelego
That's basically correct. Every time you recall a memory, there's a chance you will alter it. And you have to put it back to keep it. For people with memories of horrific events that are debilitating for them, the memory can be permanently deleted by having them recall it then giving them a drug that interiors with creating memories. Thus, they forget what happened.
Trump is from New York, not Texas. He'd never say "y'all."
In the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the Man in the Shack is this guy who lives on a far away planet, living a simple life not realizing that he's actually running the universe.
TheManInTheShack's razor: When you smell bullshit, check your shoes.
Yeah well if your countries name was Turkey you wouldn't expect anyone in your country to take anything seriously anyway right?
There are so many things. Decades ago I got a free subscription to MacWEEK magazine because I wanted to keep up on the latest goings on with the Mac and Apple. In one issue, there was an employment ad for a company whose product I was using. I thought it would be cool to work for them. I interviewed and got the job. The job required a lot of travel and during one particular trip to a big city I met a woman. We ended up starting a long distance relationship and eventually she moved across the country to be with me. A few years later, we both realized while we liked each other as people, we didn't want the same things as a couple so we ended our romantic relationship. She decided to move out of state and asked me to come with her. I ultimately did and 5 years later, in that new city to which I had moved, I met the woman who has been my wife for the past 18 years. We have two wonderful children as well. Had I not decided to get that MacWEEK subscription (and a thousand other decisions I made along the way), I would have never met my wife and have my beautiful children.
Crime is a mental illness and should be treated as such. Free will is an illusion so don't hold be responsible but DO hold them accountable. Get them treatment and then release them when they are no longer a danger to society. If we don't have the technology to fix them, they can never be released.
Pros: inexpensive way to travel and meet interesting people. Cons: one of them might be an axe murderer.
Your decisions are the result of your neurons an synaptic connections. Those are the result of your immediately prior brain state which is the result of your brain state immediately prior to that all the way back to your early childhood experiences and genes, neither of which you authored. That means that the idea that you truly can choose between A and B is an illusion. Your brain is going to follow a path to a conclusion. Since you can't alter your neurons and synaptic connections, you're not in control of the path your brain takes to a decision. I mean, it's your brain that makes the decision of course but it makes one based upon its current physical state. How can their be any free will in that? What did you have for breakfast this morning? Why did you have it? Follow that back a few steps and you quickly reach the point where you can no longer answer the why question. If you can't say why (beyond something like, "When I was a kid, Mom made eggs for breakfast so now I have eggs.") where is the free will in that? Ever notice how the better you know someone, the more accurate you are are predicting their behavior? That's because with experience you've learned how their gears work. They are just the machine inside of which those gears turn. That you can predict their behavior is a sign that we are each wired up a certain way. Where's the free will in that? When people operate far enough outside the bounds of what society deems safe for society to tolerate, we say they have broken the law. In most cases this means they have some degree of mental illness. It might be as simple as enjoying the thrill of shoplifting, as bad as being a pedophile or worse. In all these cases though, they are mentally ill. Currently we issue prison sentences of an arbitrary length as revenge for what they've done. They come out of prison often worse than they went in. Instead, we should be treated them and then releasing them when we are sufficiently convinced they are no longer a threat. That could be 6 months or it could be never. Once you accept that free will is an illusion, you see that our current criminal justice system makes no sense at all and is hugely inefficient. You should also then see that getting angry at people for not meeting your expectations is nonsensical. We are each making the best decisions we can at the time we make them with the information we have. If someone doesn't meet your expectations, well, that was the best they could do at that moment. You should still hold them accountable of course, just not responsible.
It depends. Suicide is usually something in which you're better off having not tried at all than failing.
Pedophiles Anonymous.
As we drove home that day, things were already beginning to change. Our lives would forever take a different path than they otherwise would have for now we had a baby sister.
In my example, it's not that you had breakfast (though that would work as an example as well), it's what you had. Follow back why you chose what you chose and you'll eventually reach the point where you can no longer answer. Where is the free will in that? You're correct that you can only predict another's behavior so far but that's because (a) we don't understand the brain fully and can't record the movement of every neuron and (b) due to uncertainty principle. However, despite our inability to determine a person's next choice with 100% accuracy, it doesn't change the fact that they themselves are no more in charge than the ground is of becoming wet when it rains. It just happens. Yes, you are your brain and your brain makes choices. However, that's not the level of free will most people think they have. People really think that when they are given the option of chocolate or vanilla, that either option is a true possibility. The reality is that one of those options was always the only choice. Imagine you are driving a large truck. Suddenly you come to a fork in the road. There's the initial appearance of choice. In fact, turning left leads to a bridge too small for your big truck. As a result, you know you have to turn right. That there is truly a choice is an illusion. Your brain is going to choice A or B based upon its current state and you're not in control of that. Even if you were, you'd then have to explain how that part of you works. I really don't see how free will could be anything but an illusion and be compatible with the laws of physics. BTW, there's a great book on this topic by the neuroscientist Sam Harris. It's appropriately titled, "Free Will". I highly recommend it.
What would stop a landlord from periodically demanding you prove your income today and then raising the rent based upon increases in your income? The answer is that if they did that, few would rent from them.
What's not to like?
While a good emotional story can bring me to tears, the last really hard cry I had was almost a year ago when my childhood best friend, who I had just seen a month earlier for the first time in 25 years, died suddenly, unexpectedly and alone. John had had a very tough life but he never blamed anyone. He totally owned it. If you saw him coming down the street, you would have certainly avoided him because he had that badass Danny Trejo in Desperado look to him. You'd never know that he was still the nicest, kindest guy on the inside. It was the first time someone really important to me had died. I would not have guessed that I would have reacted so strongly. I flew back home for the memorial service to talk about how important his friendship was to me as a kid and while I'm sad that we lost contact for so many years, I was grateful to have gotten back in touch and seen him before he died.
You're welcome. It's a fast read and interesting because it's written by a person with a Phd in neuroscience so he knows how that brain works.
When my kids were toddlers, we were at the mall with my son in the stroller and my daughter walking next to me. My wife (who is Asian, I'm white) had gone into a store. An older woman walked up to me and said, "Oh how nice that you were able to adopt a brother and sister." I explained that in fact, they were my biological kids and not actually adopted.
This Christian God is described as being omniscient. If this is the case, he would know what you were going to say before you said it. He is also described as having created all of us so he created someone who would say something that in theory would then offend him. It's hard to imagine that he could be offended if he's ultimately responsible for creating the person who said the offensive thing that he knew in advance would be said.
So you're an agnostic atheist (as opposed to a gnostic atheist) which is the only sensible form of atheism. A gnostic atheist is certain there is no God. As you pointed out, there's no way to be certain. I think it's extremely improbable there is a God but logically I can't rule the possibility out entirely. Gnostic atheism is illogical.
You are not going to change your parents minds so arguing with them will only hurt them and hurt you. When they talk religion, just tell yourself that they just don't know better but avoid talking about it with them. If you feel uncomfortable passing out leaflets, just tell your parents that. What you DO NOT want to do is make waves with your family at this point. I know you already know this and I know it's hard. However, your are a few years from being away from all of this and you really need to think of that as an investment in your future. If you piss off your parents enough right now, it could make life very difficult for you going forward. Just stay calm, pity their ignorance from the inside and bide your time. Once you go off to college it will get a lot easier. After college, you will be financially independent and not have to deal with it all anymore if you choose. I totally sympathize with you. You can always come on this subreddit to bitch about it just to get it out of your system. If you don't want to post publicly and just need someone to talk to, please feel free to message me privately. My mom grew up catholic and my dad was Jewish. When they married, they decided to not raise us with religion for fear of upsetting one side of the family. Yes, I lucked out. However, my in-laws are very religious and my brother-in-law is a former atheist turned born-again christian pastor so I hear it A LOT from him even though I NEVER bring it up. In that sense, I have to deal with this as you do though certainly not to nearly the degree.
You are always burning calories. The moment your body stops burning them, you die. What you're asking is can you burn more calories without raising your heart rate. This relates to your second question. The better shape you are in, the more calories your body naturally burns even while your sleeping. Specifically, muscle burns more calories than fat does. So in that sense, being in shape allows you to burn more calories without increasing your heart rate. The better in shape you are, the lower your resting heart rate is as well.
I don't think it's worth trying to dodge it. That can only upset them. If you can find a way that they would accept without upsetting them great but otherwise, I'd just play the song, go to church with them, etc. Do the minimum that keeps them happy. Hopefully that you just go with them every Sunday will be enough. Just keep your atheism to yourself for now. Talk to us on this subreddit. That finish line is up ahead. Focus on that. You'll get there and never have to look back. Upsetting your parents now can only make your life a lot harder than it would otherwise have been. Good luck. FWIW, what I have finally realized is that the only people you have any chance of reaching are those that are already on the fence about their faith. Someone who is not already having doubts will not change their mind. On them, you are just wasting your time.
That's "You're a fart". If you're going to post insults written in crayon, at least get the spelling right.
Good point.
It was all over the place but from what I can find, of you made it to 15, you had about an 80% chance of making it to 45.
Sleeping. We just arrived in Seoul, South Korea today. I did the right thing by not sleeping much on the plane so I'd be really tired when it was time to go to sleep. We got to the place we are staying and around 9PM, I finally conked out. When I woke up, I was thinking it must be around 7AM but alas it was only 11PM. :( After many failed attempts to fall back to sleep, I'm sitting here reading Reddit while my wife and kids slumber peacefully. I'll be pretty tired today snd they will be refreshed but I'll avoid napping today and hopefully be adjusted tomorrow.
I didn't. It was a spur of the moment sort of thing. I don't even remember thinking that what I was saying was likely to be perceived as one. We were talking on the phone when I asked her, "Have you ever written your first name with my last name?" After what felt like forever, she answered that she had. We talked about it and concluded that we were a good match so let's get married which we did 6 months later. We've been happily married for almost 18 years.
I didn't. It was a spur of the moment sort of thing. I don't even remember thinking that what I was saying was likely to be perceived as one. We were talking on the phone when I asked her, "Have you ever written your first name with my last name?" After what felt like forever, she answered that she had. We talked about it and concluded that we were a good match so let's get married which we did 6 months later. We've been happily married for almost 18 years.
It would be nice if selected text was marked with &gt; automatically when replying.
The most important thing is to do something you enjoy doing. Choosing a career solely for the money is not a great way to go. Money is nice but if you're surrounded by people who are more passionate about what you do than you are, they are going to work harder at it than you are.
God is always described as being all-knowing which means there's nothing unforeseen. God knows what will happen before it does. Otherwise he's not all-knowing. “Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil? Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God?” Epicurus (341-270 BC)
Correct and that's my point. According the Bible, God is all-knowing and all-powerful and he created us. So he is responsible for the situations in which we suffer and does nothing about it. It cannot be demonstrated that God exists. It's irrational to belief in ANYTHING that is not demonstrably true because it otherwise can't be distinguished from illusion. Our beliefs inform our actions. This means that we make different choices depending upon what we believe. Believing that there's an eternal afterlife of happiness awaiting you after your death versus the same nothingness that preceded your birth will certainly impact the choices you make while alive. Perhaps you decide to make the most of what time you have. Perhaps you decide to fly a plane full of innocent people into a building full of more innocent people. What you believe will affect that decision.
If the God of the Bible exists as described, then he's 100% responsible. That he knows all means that free will is an illusion. It IS an illusion with or without God because it's incompatible with the laws of physics. I cannot prove that God does not exist because it's impossible to prove a negative. The difference between what you believe and what I believe is that my beliefs are based upon reality. They are based upon what can be demonstrated to be true. Your choice to belief in God, in something that cannot be demonstrated to be true, is a choice out of comfort rather than reality. The problem with that (as I described in my last reply) is that believing in things that can't be demonstrated to be true has consequences.
Isn't a pointer to a pointer called a handle?
I may be misremembering, but I believe in MacOS, a handle was a pointer to a pointer. This allows the OS (perhaps just in the old days) to move things around in memory without you losing track of them.
What the many rich fail to understand is that stealing from the poor is a short term gain, long term loss. I say this because if it goes far enough and goes on long enough, the poor become desperate often resulting in the death of many of the rich. One only need look at the French Revolution for an example of this.
Do you eat watermelon or corn? Congrats because they are GMO. We've been genetically modifying food for centuries. The only difference is that now we know what we are doing rather than it being entirely trial and error.
It is my understanding that there are no references to Jesus external to the Bible written by anyone who was a contemporary of his.
Sure. That's just going to be difficult politically. We have seen what happens when we walk in and attempt a regime change rather than wait for the people to have to will to do it themselves. That may seem crazy in this day and age but let's not forget that the soldiers are people too. They see what is going on. South Koreans don't spend much time thinking about North Korea. They see it as a toothless tiger. It's a neighborhood bully who is all talk. The US would probably be better off not giving NK any attention. We are only rewarding the behavior by doing so. OTOH, people there are needlessly starving to death so there is that.
A Short History of Nearly Everything by Bill Bryson.
One summer in high school I couldn't find a decent summer job so I finally broke down and took a job at Taco Bell. After 2 or 3 days I decided that I'd rather be broke than work in that stinking hellhole so I quit.
Except that there's no evidence at all that God exists. Believing in things that are not demonstrably true is difficult to separate from delusion and can result in bad choices like deciding to fly airplanes filled with innocent people into buildings filled with innocent people.
Life's too short to waste it on people that do little but leave a stain.
Correct. McDonalds isn't in the restaurant business, they are in the real estate business.
Free will is an illusion.
And 3 million more of them voted for HRC. You make it sound like he got this groundswell of support and won the popular vote like Reagan did. Trump essentially won on a technicality that may have been the result of Russian meddling in our elections. I'm no fan of HRC but let's not start thinking that Trump has a mandate. He doesn't. Not even close. In fact, he's closer to being illegitimate than having a mandate.
Principles only mean something if you stand by them when it's inconvenient.
The feeling I have right now watching my wife and children sleeping knowing that they are exactly what I always wanted: a family of my own.
And this is why education and the elimination of irrational thought need to be more important goals for society.
Good luck, man. You can do it. Personality is way more important than looks and that goes both ways.
Terrorist attacks.
I absolutely love my Apple AirPods.
I don't have faith in anything. I trust things based upon the evidence of my experiences. Every once in a while, something happens that shows me we are willing to put up with some short term pain for a long term gain and in those moments, I feel much better about humanity.
This. Same goes for Taylor Swift. Yes, she's a talented musician and performer but it's her smarts that are making her rich.
Why Marriages Succeed or Fail by Dr. John Gottman. It made me realize that my relationship with my turn girlfriend was doomed so I broke up with her. A few months later I met my wife. We've been happily married for 18 years now.
She got sick with pneumonia her first semester at Harvard and died. It was really sad because she was not only smart and talented but a genuinely nice person.
Rush
Perhaps. However, NK knows they are a toothless tiger. They can do nothing. If they ever launched any kind of attack, the UN would immediately move in and take out the government. There is the humanitarian issue for sure though.
Pricy indeed but worth it to me. I'm a firm believer that you get what you pay for. For example, I'm out in a walk with my dog and I come across someone I know. Simply removing one of my AirPods from my ear pauses my music so I can have a conversation. When we are done talking I pop it back in and my music starts playing. Brilliant.
Ah, so you're a right-wing conservative who doesn't care about the facts. If you look past Fox News at the actual studies that have been done, illegals have voted in such microscopic numbers as to be completely insignificant. And of course this makes sense. It's the same reason they are the least likely to commit crimes: they don't want to be caught and deported. Yes, we have the Electoral College and one of its jobs is to make sure that an unfit candidate doesn't assume the office. In that respect they failed completely. Our founding fathers would be ashamed of what has become of their system. Don't get me wrong: I'm no fan of Hillary Clinton. However, she's at least an experienced politician that would make America look like a joke every other day. I don't think you realize just how closely we are watched by the rest of the world. I run a company with employees in several countries. I can tell you that many of them are more well-informed about our elections than most Americans. We are a laughing stock right now because Trump isn't just incompetent, he's a bullshitter with no rival. And again please get your news from multiple sources. The Russians clearly meddled in our election. Trump's campaign had lots of communications with Russian officials. Whether or not there was cooperation, remains to be seen.
Was it not true though that they were ALL doing it? If that's true, then wasn't the playing field level which is ultimately the problem the committee is trying to solve? That was at least Armstrong's argument though I don't know if it's true.
Don't you mean the Christian Reich?
I don't think he understands science.
