I did. Half the time their machine is busted so they ain't counting it manually. I hope other banks have functioning machines
Cool, silly of me not to make more use of my power as a consumer! Edit: make noise while carrying 3 piggy banks' EXACTLY why I loathe to go after a few untoward incidents!
calm ur panties its just a rant. i drive and i hardly use public transport and tolls cause of where i live.
you looking for someone on a freelance or permanent basis?
Michael Ricketts
Wow how unprofessionally inept can you get trying to copy three (or maybe more?) works in a row and not get caught?
lol arouse.
Tabletop games? Geeky? Oh come on I've got female friends aged 27 28 and 29 which are all my boardgame kakis! Not all girls are like that trust me... i have a another group who actively plays monopoly deal and sushi go too if they're not that into the more intense types!
If you're coming from a retail background I'd suggest you to try wobb.com. Jobstreet and Linkedin are particularly good for the old-fashioned white collar kinda office work.
Green Dot Stables at Centerpoint BU is pretty good. No shitty loud music and what-not.
well, if it is expensive then why the fuck are they there to begin with? asshats
At a store with cctv on every aisle? Not a smart move.
is this some kinda joke?
lol... are u really who i think u r
NYE party at KL i got drunk and called my good friend names (even the H word) mostly out of spite due to rejection. Got into an altercation outside the club and she's punishing me for being a twat by cutting off ties for 6 months or a year not sure if she's srs about it or if it's things she said at the heat of the moment.
Yup. Apologizing is the first step. Waiting for her to... well..... takes time. It's the 2nd time we've had this confrontation.
Steamed biyotch. Any time. Get a whole chicken leg, rub some salt on it, steam it over an empty plate and let the inner juices form the chicken essence. Absolute haven.
Either everyone's still hungover from NYE celebrations, or that KL Sentral seemed 'quieter' than usual.... at least that's what I've noticed.
beats me... some people just want to watch the world burn
You might wanna try RGB &amp; The Bean Hive. It's quietly tucked away within a neighborhood of bungalows, less than 15 minutes drive from KLCC. In fact the place itself is a conversion of a bungalow to a coffee place. If ur looking for calm and quiet you have to give this place a go. I'd recommend getting on Uber or GrabCar.
Trust me, we are from the same generation. My dad would just rip a branch off and whip the shit out of me when I misbehaved. Once i hid his signature cane, he improvised and borrowed my mom's 3 foot ruler. My dad obliterated my FIFA 2001 CD just because I played it during weekdays. Anyhoo, point is, we're not far off in terms of crap we get from parents for doing shit. But personally for me I do believe it made me a much more decent adult.
This article is full of shit. All it said was replace lowest temperature with most erratic weather. Coverage.my is a stupid clickbait website. Of the times I've read their article nearly all of them were misleading and provocative.
thanks for the clarification. have an upvote.
Am thinking of freelance...i guess I'll start with website first? Coding seems so complicated.
If ur working at the upstream then yes, it may be wobbly for the next couple of years at least. If downstream, not so much. Still steady.
Don't you just hate roads that get jammed for the shittiest reason? I travel back from work everyday through Jalan Istana from Bangsar. More often than not, the traffic is terrible, and you know why? Coz further up near the Sungai Besi highway, the roads start splitting wildly into many exits and every other vehicle slows down just to figure out which is where.
Can u be more specific? What exactly are ur interests?
Public transportation coverage is not the best. I drive myself and its much more convenient to get from one place to another especially after work when u have plans with other ppl. It saves a lot of time planning and the time taken to wait for the next bus/train would probably be the same as being stuck in a jam. Though i must say public transportation on weekends would be much more practical.
Lee Dixon - Michael Owen
urm...d-uh?
we're on the same boat. I really hate flying, because of turbulence and that I have no control over what's happening. The last bad experience I had was that it was raining like hell over at KLIA, that the runway was too slippery that when we landed the first time we couldn't brake in time so the plane had to take off, make another turn and landed on the 2nd attempt. Surprisingly there wasn't any turbulence during the whole ordeal, but the thought itself was terrifying as hell.
Good grief...I'd probably be less anxious if u were next to me in flights. U remind me of a friend who once sat beside me during a roller coaster ride. Everyone was busy screaming their lungs out and this guy just sat there forgetting to bring his fuck he left at home.
Yeah!
So u got a the renewal and road tax FOC?
The misdirection is strong in this one
That's what i suspect too... iirc, the Johor prince mentioned something about meeting with dissidents to face to face if they have beef with him. I really doubt that he was the one who lodged a report over this matter. I hope this news reaches him and pardons the poor dude.
Have u even tried googling EDIT: try iproperty or ibilik
Agreed. I know Jiban's an a$$ but he's not that dumb to bankrupt the whole country.
I got my saga back in 2010. I guess i was one of the luckier ones? I've not had any major issues associated with sagas. I love that car.
Well, reporting is an understatement... I've seen countless times the Star going full ball-licking (only NST tops it as an English daily), one example being when they "misquoted" a certain CEO from Leaderonomics years ago when he was asked to compare between CSL and LGE. Instead of misquoting they completely rephrased what he said into praising u know who and dissing u know who.
Its on local news and u don't know what this press conference is about? Try reading the star since they're the best butt scrubbers.
These things happen. I have an inch Crack on my phone too and i have no idea where it came from. Same thing with scars on ur body
I'm just curious here... has anyone of u guys actually met a Bangladeshi with a Malaysian IC?
Tell that to the ppl who consider Jap as an ethnic slur.
Another example as to why r/malaysia had a recent influx of turds.
Dude, be realistic. Anything less than RM70 u might as well get mobile data and tether it to ur laptop.
Agreed. Like that i can tell u don't simply buy stuff it's taxpayers money also lah
Exactly. Don't get me started with ppl on Facebook sharing shit like these.
sorry for being a dick. cant say I've heard about XOX.... but mobile wise I'm using umobile. they've got this data plan for RM50++ @ 5GB with some allowances on calls and shit... which is pretty ok. They recently upgraded their plans with streaming on youtube free as well.. do check out u mobile.
well it certainly got OP riled up.../s
I believe most of us would help out the best we can if asked....but that's just me. I don't smile 24-7 nor I look like the most friendliest person on Earth.
So.....what happened to those students? Did u manage to get them to stfu?
*Czech* blonde, slim *Russian* girl....did I miss something here
Kids do the dumbest things. When i was little i tried to bend the tingkap punya kaca and shattered it so yeah the scene wasn't the most appealing one.
This is so cliche but had it been someone from the opposition who said it he'd probably been crucified by now.
Well first of all, if you're not Muslim at all, why the heck would u bother what they think of u? If they cock stare u u cock stare them back lah....never give in to intimidation. Besides, show them ur IC or something if ur harassed constantly.
hapi kekdei
Read that some lady caught fire while answering her phone in car when refueling at the petrol kiosk. I highly doubt it has anything to do with phone but more to static. PSA: never re enter ur vehicle during refueling.
Well that too
I dont get people who park their luxury cars at average joe places like MJ or Oregi and then rev their fucking cars like a goddamned leaf blower.
Nice name. Anyhoo well i figured this is more or could be a muscle strain or tear. I posted before on advice with my broken humerus and that was taken down so i don't want my post to be taken down.
because it does not involve anyone from the current regime. see how much coverage was given to the PKR fella. Had it been someone from BN, u bet ur ass they'll be making a report on it every damn minute.
I don;t think buying it at a lower market price implicates LGE to be corrupted but rather how or what deal he made with Phang that would allow him to purchase it at a lower market price. Again, how exactly is this proven if it is only implied? Btw (1) and (2) is the most likeliest scenario.
Not to mention local papers who only love to highlight floods at certain states governed by people not in their favor.
Dude, u asked this question like a few weeks ago? Are u so deprived of motivation?
OK Marge if anyone asks you require 24hrs nursing care, Lisa's a clergyman, Maggie is 7 people and Bart was wounded in Vietnam!
He's not the first person i know that dislikes any form of alcohol really. I have a friend who just hates alcohol outright...the taste and the nauseating feeling he gets after consuming it. He has never felt that "highness" others have felt.
Don't fret buddy. I got food poisoning once. Took me a week before i can actually get back to eating dairy..... just take the meds prescribed by ur physician and drink LOTS of water. I lost about 2kgs a week and i was eating a little under maintenance due to my fragile tummy but once ur done with it you'll be back strongrr than ever. Always rmbr why u started in the first place.
Haha. God damn. Best one.
I dunno about u but I'd love to see this lel
Ignore this asshat.
fuck off
Go by calories...not ounces. U need to fix ur sleeping habit. Missing breakfast will definitely slow ur bulking by a lot.
Is it just me or that andrewSagitt is the alter ego of someone else in this sub to get back at people against him/her?
Motivation comes and goes. Discipline is what keeps u going. Stop making excuses, and make time if u dont have time. Bring food to work if u have to. If u dont have time then u not making the most of ur day.
Frighten them so they know not to fuck around in the yellow box next time.
Sorry but I had to.... whats the meaning of irregardless?
personally i dont see the use of irregardless when u already have the word regardless. Which pretty much means the same thing.
Just a curious question for a friend.... if for some reason the water meter outside ur house is tampered/faulty.... are u obligated to pay for a new one or its under SYABAS' jurisdiction?
Same here..... probably if u followed those viral pages on Facebook targeting a certain ethnicity u might get all of them
Stay classy malaysia
Can make a scene. Soon some guy will post his/her pic/no.plate in social media and let SJW fck shit up.
I was told 3 years max....or a certain mileage...whichever comes first
Lel...i changed mine every 3 years as well...but mostly because of some unfortunate incident..kena tack la, kena punctured la, etc
goddamn.....doesnt look coincidental at all
&gt;get out from BN. Not gonna happen. Never in a million years. BN components have undivided loyatly. Just look at MCA.
There's a bit of truth in that too....but other states would've suffered apart from Selangor and KL.
&gt;... I never really bothered to listen to all of their rubbish Not with that attitude EDIT: ok maybe OP meant before he/she took things seriously
Well then, its good u are inquisitive. It's not I'm saying youths today are ignorant.....eventually when u work u will get used to politics at the workplace lol. I was as clueless as u when I was a kid too. Parents also were very anti Malay businesses for some reason.
lol. Downvoted.
the graveyard /s ok i read somewhere that in Sepang u can for a fee.
U begin by reading the FAQ
Go to one of those gyms or fitness shops and tell them u wanna use those high tech weight analysis machines. They're free to use. Also, don't know how much protein ur eating? Learn to estimate. Weigh ur food and shit. Read labels. As u get better at estimating there's no need to do it every single time ur about to eat.
I have to agree with u zen...this is a stupid question.
After about 3 months of gaining 6kgs, definitely my arms.... then came the gut lol. My former landlady also noticed I had noticeably more flesh on my cheeks. I guess that's good.
Deads = Traps
Observe people who eat a lot (i.e. fat people). They eat at about as frequent as u.
I actually liked the idea of having an accessible public toilet at touristy spots like Bukit Bintang...unfortunately with places with high density of people there needs to be 24-hr cleaner on duty....and definitely not costing THAT much for one.
*cough* spam *cough*
Have u tried reading the FAQ?
It is of course deliberate. The moderator is extremely cringey and always trying too hard.
Here in South East Asia (Malaysia to be exact), we have plenty of 'buffet' style catering restaurants where you pick your choice of veggies, meat, etc to go with your rice. That's the most affordable meal to have to meet your macros. Like it or not, you have to spend on supplements if you're having trouble meeting your caloric goal. Also, you not necessarily need to buy raw ingredients (meat and stuff), but u will need basic groceries like milk, yoghurt, almonds, olive oil, oats and stuff like that to help you.
That's why u eat ur veggies in other meals junior.
lol... u need to put /s.... nobody can tell if ur being serious or not
In general, always do the ones which work the largest muscles the most, i.e. titties, back, quads. Isolation movements shall be finishers and done usually at higher volume. U might think ur secondary muscles have fatigued from the compound movements done earlier but I have actually made gains albeit slowly for isolation movements...because the jump of weights for DBs (5 lbs or 2kgs) are kinda huge, it may take a while for smaller muscle groups to go up a notch.
Dude....u have the patience is unparalleled
I would say it depends on the amount of muscle u build. As a former skinny as hell guy and new to working out, I'd stop at 20% bf as my hips get increasing obvious than ma titties. Seasoned lifters would have a far more defined upper body till the tummy becomes less significant. But then again, it depends how well u wanna look....10 to 13% bf probably.
Awww..... we in same shoes. Bro cuddle
Do you have a tl;dr version?
They do.....but those sausages....ugh.... i hated it so much... i just want stir fried rice with meat cubes like how they normally do it.
Not really... they have nasi goreng 'cina' at malay stalls which were cooked with less kicap and sardines.
Starring Michael Cera as Nasi, Jonah Hill as Babi. Also starring Seth Rogen as Bawang, Bill Hader as Sayur and Christopher-Mintz Plasse as Telur.
I know.... I done fcked.
I am ashamed as to not know both existed......huhu...any idea where i can find them
I'd recommend Legendary. Its a 2008 fps that had bad reviews but i sure as hell enjoyed it. Oh and here's a list of fps I'd recommend: 1. Legendary 2. Doom 3. Quake 4 4. Bioshock 1,2 and Infinite 5. Shadow Warrior
Yes that's what i thought too.
No, Latin America is called Latin America because the countries speak a language which descended from Vulgar Latin (i.e. the Roman Language), i.e. Spanish and Portuguese. 'Latin' countries includes France, Italy and Romania.
Buy from over the counter lor
30g of almonds - 191 calories, 9g protein 125g of greek style yogurt - 159 calories, 6g protein
If you have been eating frequently compared when you did while being underweight, you will feel hungrier at times when your body is expecting some food....i.e. during mid-day snack time.
Yes, /r/watchpeopledie....goes to show how fragile humans can be. Also, if u can stomach it, /r/gore is there as well.
&gt; I believe that's its very possible for BN or for some permutation that we could recognize as it winning the next election. It's not because they're particularly popular or desirable. It's really just because the First Past the Post voting system allows for a candidate to win without winning a majority of the vote. That has always been our system General Obvious, last GE is a good example.
Definitely. The only hope for the opposition is the swing of malay folks to PPB. Unfortunately....even if that's still the case, the rural folks of Sarawak are still loyal to BN and u know how shit the opposition are in the east
Just drive responsibly. Is it so hard to not be an asshole on the road?
Do not feed the obvious
Lol a lot ppl keep saying stop generalizing. Dont try to tell me u wouldn't have second thoughts about renting out ur property (if u do own one) to Africans.
Hi Markus from rojakdaily!
to be fair, i could not even make out their faces
Sad but true. It's almost they've just given up on the rural folk. Just come to Sarawak and u will see why.
When a DAP rep recently lost his seat in the Sarawak State Elections, everything was gerrymandering, vote buying bla bla except themselves.
Apart from his silly antics, he's actually raising a very good point.
Think about it......if there was indeed nothing wrong with 1MDB, why hasn't opposition figures like Rafizi or Tony Pua being hauled up and being investigated for spreading false info? I mean those guys were literally doing 1MDB roadshows every other darn month!
We should do more posts like these. Srsly good info sharing for those looking for hacks while traveling on a budget and tips based on experiences!
Nice beaver!
I read the husbands blog entry....he wasn't as pissed as the wife though.
Nobody would've migrated had it not been the money in the first place
Well, in the context of Malaysians.... its all about the $$ haha, though probably a handful from religious prosecution
idk man, being stupid makes u do stupid things
In all seriousness, judging by ur picture, u are most certainly not super skinny or twig-ish. Probably skinny fat. U look like u have about 18~20% bodyfat. Since u don't have a gym near u currently, I'd advise u to reduce the calories lest u wanna end up looking even more fat. TDEE calculator shows that ur maintenance is 2400 kcal. Eat about +10~20% kcal. Dial down on ur protein. It's ridiculously excessive. Balance the rest with carbs/fat.
True, I've seen some people throw in front raises to replace OHP for kicks.
u rack dishiprine
Just remember that abs on skinny guys are like big tits on fat chicks. They don't count.
Wat mean. I'm Asian myself
List out ur typical meal plan here together with calories. What is ur height? I am eating at 2400kcal and i can gain from 52 to 67kg so why can't u. Also, if u cook ur own food, high chance u might be withholding certain things like flavoring, oil etc all these adds up to ur daily caloric intake.
Eating fast food every day is not good for health.
I'm not sure if it's considered rude, but people chewing loudly is pretty irritating....same thing when someone is slurping or suckling at something loudly.
Goes saying but without enough protein muscles won't grow.
Home cooked is the best clean food out there as u control what goes in the wok. Other than that, unless u have a lot of money, eat out healthily isn't cheap. Also, note that eating clean doesn't mean u will not gain weight.
If u wanna lose body fat (losing weight in the process), just make sure u are eating less calories than ur body maintenance calorie (calculate here www.tdeecalculator.net), and do it consistently. Realistically, u are looking at losing 0.5kg a week. Anything faster than that is not sustainable and u will feel shitty. Just stay consistent, weigh urself weekly to check progress. If stuck, reduce food portion. Speaking from experience as someone who was underweight, gained 17kgs, and lost a few kgs for muscle definition.
Kinda makes sense.... from what I've read and thru my own experimentation, its around 0.34 ~ 0.35 of ur BB bench. So if ur benching 100kg, ur DB press would be 0.35 x 35kg per arm.
Issue 1: I've read somewhere that if u take longer than 15 minutes to finish ur meal, ur gonna start losing ur appetite. Idk whats the explanation behind it, but next time when ur having ur meal, focus on the food. Keep ur hands away from ur phone and the tube. Just watch ur fat friends eat. They're always first to finish because they are entirely focused on the food. Issue 2: I get that feeling sometimes, like regurgitation kinda reflex. But usually nothing comes out of it. Thats normal, and this is where meal timing is extremely important. Space ur meals evenly so u aren't full af by the time the next meal comes along.
Not on /r/gainit. Many skinny dudes have trouble eating solid food, hence they turn to liquid shakes. If u have no issue chewing then do whatever works for u. Protein shakes are just supplementary - they are NOT meal replacements. I only take 2 scoops (48g protein) daily. The rest (about 100g) comes from food (meat, milk, PB, veggies, almonds, yogurt etc).
I'm at the office because my fcking calendar shows that today is no public holiday. FML.
unilateral exercises with dumbbells.
Home made mass gainer shake
Like many have mentioned before, ur meal portions for lunch and dinner is pathetic....get them to at least 500~600 kcal by increasing portions. Yogurt and almonds instead of ham sandwich. High in calories and not even filling. Also, drink high calorie shake before bed.
I think it might. I usually have mine with 2 scoops of choc ON whey, so that masks the taste pretty well. If u blend them the oil floating at the top is a non-issue at all.
I think OP goes slow on both concentric and eccentric parts of the lift. OP should instead take 1-2 seconds on the eccentric part, power through the concentric, and add more volume.
U didn't answer his question. What are ur lifts like?
Somebody mentioned that the restaurant operators are gonna pass the costs to the customers lol
Posters are too fucking lazy to check if it has been posted before
Well ur not wrong. The things on mgag are downright cringy. Tbh sgag is much funnier
It IS from a Facebook posting
I've inputted ur stats on tdeecalculator. U need to eat around 2500 kcal. 3000 kcal is overkill for someone who's just starting. You've gained 2lb per week which is double than what's recommended on the FAQ.
Yeah but at least u won't be having to feel like puking every time. Ur stomach needs to adjust to the food u stuff in it.
I HIGHLY doubt that 1 cup of rice is 720 calories...and i highly doubt ur eating anywhere near to 1000 calories for dinner. Probably 600 at best. U need to recheck ur calculation.
Najib is having one lol
If you've stagnated then it is likely you're not eating enough. You will gain body fat if you gain weight. There's no avoiding that. Lifting heavy shit and eating enough protein ensures that a portion of the gained weight goes to building muscle instead of all out fat. Cut when u think u look like shit...usually around 20% body fat.
&gt;What are some signs and symptoms of not getting enough protein? &gt; &gt;This is for those who do not track their calories / macros but are on a bulk... are there any early warning signs one can see which can make it clear that one is not consuming enough protein? If you're not eating enough protein ur muscles will not grow. Simple as that, and any gains u made would stall.
Thatz not the point /u/xianzx was trying to make. Its the poor choice of words. Nevertheless everyone is safe. My cousin was on board. That's what the pilot said.
I do not think its an issue as long as the days are adequately spaced out to allow recovery. But u might need to check what exercises that u would be missing from that particular day and try to prioritize it on other days. Or u could just follow a 3 day program.
Try coffee meets Bagel. Less dodgy and much better quality.
Some umno blogger
U did not display ur /s ticket properly. Confirm get saman
Unlikely things hidden in Rosmah's hair
What makes u think u won't puke bought mass gainers? Taste is extremely subjective unlike home made ones where u can control the contents. Also, i dislike adding too much oats they somehow end up making my shake gooey af. Instead put fruits in them, sweet fruits. Berries and bananas. 2 cups of full cream milk and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Blend. U won't taste the oil. Easy 700 calories.
Can you now? You have been asking many questions based on ur profile. Why not u give it a shot and then report back to us 6 months later?
TBH i also use machines to 'finish off' my workouts...but however for the heavier ones i always use free weights.
Did anyone else notice some asshole random user who keeps posting 3 newslinks to generate traffic
Why are u taking comments on fb srsly? There are literally millions of ppl like these on there.
Don't u start!
Don't fret....i got struck in the jaw with a football so now it hurts af to bite down. Might have bruised a tendon so yeah great start for me too!
which bellend said that?
I've honestly never seen any mall security armed with guns tho....they should probably have an armed rapid response security team hidden inside the building the next time something like this happens.
/u/conancat /u/FireTempest take note of this legit troll.
This is what I thought. The ref shoudl've blown for unsportsman like play.
That's good enough... at least once a year we sure kena cold one to reset our antibody. Still, its quite the achievement to not MC.
I kena from my boss also la. But it's my own doing also. Lol
Fackin hell. I'd buy u a beer.
I tot transistor
Can be malaysian as well. Am malaysian and we use la a lot.
What is your background? Are u local? Did u recently graduate? Where do u live? Many things to consider before spoon feeding u info.
Walking distance to mid valley? RM550? Lol. Good luck with that buddy. Open up Google map, look at ktm routes. Search rooms online.
Did u forget to switch accounts? Anyhoo, one guy commented here...he has a pretty good reasonable estimate...
Don't be a help vampire and at least come up with some options for yourself or for us to evaluate for u. And u wonder why ur not getting much response. Just open any online room site and then check the location la.
TL;DR: why u PH still support M? /s
I think OP is legit. Truthfully speaking marry brown does have better crispyness for their chicken....some more hor the skin is not the berkedut2 types u find on kfc or mcd spicy chicken.
Fuck me might as well start making nasi lemak o ais.
*raises pitchfork* How dare u advocate budaya rasuah!?!?!?
Yea like what the other guy said. Aloha Night is basically a stereotypical Hawaiian theme styled party. It's not about the fashion....more of the theme.
A 2 year old account posting for the first time? Fishy.
Don;t mind OP. That guy is kinda lacking in attention.
Any place with shisha. Used to watch games religiously in college. Now lazy dah. Livescore only.
Oh snap
Care to elaborate more
Sorry to say but there are idiots who hog the right lane oblivious to the cars zooming pass them on the left. I'd highbeam them but not tailgate.
It's more of a meme now that he gets downvoted but he's really not an arse compared to other ppl here
/u/socialdesire makes a good point. Brown carbs generally gives better satiety, but don't overdo them. They'll still be broken down into sugars that can affect diabetics. More meat and vege and fruits to help keep u full.
Man knows his music well
I find making stews the easiest. Dump all ingredients into a crock pot. Let it sit. Once cooked, just slap on some rice with them and ur done.
Im gonna try with some of the suggestions here first. I think its more of poor personal hygiene than an underlying medical issue.
Stop being such a b*tch. U never try u never know. Always easy to blame it on some other things like genetics right?
OP...just kinda curious...what happened to u around New Years? Seemed like someone screwed u over.
&gt; housemen I hope we're generally talking about salary for fresh grads in general...and not catering to a specific field? EDIT: It wasn't housemen last I read it. No wonder.
When I first saw the comment, it was just 4.5K without referring to any profession in particular. So he added that for clarification. Clears up any confusion then.
There would be a (*) by the timestamp if it was edited....but u wouldn't know what was edited unfortunately.
&gt;no progress in weight body I wonder too....hmmm...tough one to crack!
wut?
That's some Rani Kulup shit right there
True
3500kcal drink? Are u insane?
Report it. This is the 3rd time someone shared this again.
Hudat
TL;DR - Mahathir causing problems in PH.
We have cloud seeding... Thats the closest we'd get.
But how does one go about proving this?
Go see a doctor
Seems fine by masses: https://www.reddit.com/r/gainit/search?q=expired&amp;restrict_sr=on
Pls do
Leg press - do squats Dips - assisted or bench Chill ups - assisted or negatives
I read the cold weather is till 14th Jan
Godammit
Am I the only one who thinks ppl should stop spamming about the weather?
ITS COLD? AAAAAAAAAA
Restorable Saba is pretty good in my books.
just follow the FAQ. I've done the same and it works.
The Star is the most deluded paper. They're gonna get annihilated come GE, even if Im certain BN will still win. But MCA/Star are history. You'd think they'd take the hint with the amount of negative feedback whenever the star covers comments made by MCA guys, but no....
To be fair.. He has been doing this last year before GE was even close
Just googly "najib e-sports". He was at attendance to some MCG tournaments in 2017 and back in 2015 if Im not mistaken....I mean, that kinda shows some kinda support right? Reicht?
Goddammit man
Lead singer for The Cranberries is ded. I sed. Her memories will linger forever.
[me rn](https://media.giphy.com/media/4pMX5rJ4PYAEM/giphy.gif)
The fuck is this
I've said this before and I'll say it again - I suspect some of us here to be cyber troopers.
Dem
This is actually great news. The qualified teams themselves are tough enough. I just hope when they eventually make it to the senior squad things will get better.
ya. operating from outside malaysia. very smart ah u. EDIT: no i mean that ur not. Poorly worded probably.
Report it to modz
Nice tradition u have there. I mean no offense. But then again like u said, if u were a football fan, u would've watched....regardless of political alignments. Still, its always ur choice. Not like its a matter of life and death if watch or not.
Sorry but malaysia-chronicle is a shithole of a site. Clickbait as fuck. Besides, she did not lose RM20k. She lost RM3k cash jewellery totalling up to RM20k.
They've been here already since few years ago on and off. One of the users here is in fact one of the writers.
Ya but for obvious reasons I'm not gonna reveal who... But lately that person has been dormant. Hmmm. Btw..u femes
Don't mind him. He needs help.
It's obvious. Dude just wants some hits for his blog
I guess he is what we say... Looks can be deceiving
Report and tag mods
Not only that. There are several suspicious accounts as well. Just take two mundane words and fuse them together and u get a cyber trooper. AY is definitely one. So is AT.
You really need to elaborate on the difficulties more, pal.
Yup https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/7iylwd/malaysians_what_was_your_worst_date_experience_in/?st=jcpn0gbg&amp;sh=7cc71be5
Let's see.... ResinatedPestle ToxicologicalPasty AdministrativeTuning AntediluvianYak Coincidence? I think not.
Probably just bad timing....it was quite recent unfortunately.
I am 100% certain he's paid to do this.
i dont remember them by heart, but this person's particular MO is pretty obvious. You'll start to see a pattern.
[well, at least you're not Homer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMR8a8nCM4c)
Funny, I saw the exact same thing except that the race in question is different ;).
It will differ according to the area you're in actually. For instance, if you're in a traditionally Malay dominant area, then of course Malay females only would be common...which in this case is my area. I'm not really bothered also. Guys can be real pervs.
Rempit - The Prequel
Dont take that guy seriously. He has a number of shill accounts.
Dont be this guy. You'd end up being /r/niceguys
but why be asshole?
I know but it still grinds my gears. Reddit has complete free programs. Thank God for that. It's not uncommon tho these kinda tactics. Most online shops would give mock discounts (example: wrist watches) which in reality the prices is no different than physical stores. So we gotta do our own due diligence lor.
I'm currently using MiA1. It's working just fine. RM999. Be sure to get screen and case protection immediately. Phone is really fragile af.
I have to agree with danny.
Its cheap. On another note, those dumbbells alone won't change your body in all honesty.
&gt;very weak and skinny &gt;Currently I'm 6'0, 174 pounds I am 5'9" and was 110 pounds. Skinny my foot.
Take it from me when I say dumbbells aren't enough. However, if ur really still insistent on working out at home, try /r/bodyweightfitness. I must warn u that compared to the traditional gym, bodyweight workouts are extremely tricky and u need to be incredibly resourceful for it to work. But that said, it works, provided u are constantly challenging yourself and nailing your nutrition. Also, a gym would be a better investment. Instead of going to those commercial gyms, go to those ghetto gyms (you know, those that are upstairs and they charge per entry, like RM5~7 ish). At minimum, it is recommended to go 3 times a week and focus on full body workouts. Also, ghetto gyms are mostly populated by Malays and they are somewhat much more willing to help you around if u ask.
Damn. This one too obvious.
Red Bean Army. Codename for opposition cybertroopers.
Unless you're under medication or experiencing hormonal disorders (i.e. thyroid), metabolism is a crap excuse.
What the fuck is a tide pod
Head over to /r/justneckbeardthings. The guy's pretty cool about it though. Honored to be called out in fact.
Not sure why u getting downvoted. But its the truth. There's a sudden influx of cyberfaggots on both sides.
The teacher's name is withheld for the very same reason you are not allowed to reveal someone's true identity here for fear of doxxing and witchhunt. Mobs would target anyone even extended families of the alleged perpetrator. Let the cops do their job.
I actually took the over counter medicine to flush them out. But don't have... No bloody shit as well.. Unless when I'm spewing them on u.
Yeah haha. Faze Banks.
Are u serious
1) The way those 2 two's were slanting is really irking me. 2) Why not Malaysia Truely Asia? 3) Too colorful. Pink? Wtf? Green?
Some "friends" are assholes. They'll never compliment you on things you look good in. I had a gym buddy who's like that. Gave some good tips and spot me on a few occasions but the shit that comes from his mouth sometimes is unbearable. I'd rather go alone.
if you are good then u will get hired in the UK...im not sure how's the market now though there...
Unimates whom I knew studied Civil, Chemical and Mechanical Engineering went thru management trainee program, some did investment banking, others went to join the Big 4 auditing firms. I guess its perceived that if u have an engineering degree u must be good at crunching numbers.
The 2012 merdeka logo was an absolute sight.
Reported for spamming with poor or little OC.
Haunted? Why ah.
really? you're basing that on facebook comments? lol. Everybody knows fb comments are full of turds.
U mean on here or fb@
Here comes another shill account.
/r/bodyweightfitness might suit you. Just make sure your nutrition is on point to facilitate growth of muscle. For that, you can read the FAQ for hacks.
Read the faq
He's a troll
Lol he tried to get me banned by the mods but it backfired on him. Must be some retarded 8 year old.
They use the thinner one meehoon. The one that used to be in bangsar uses thicker noodles, but I hated the broth. Kampua I dunno man... Unfortunately lol.
Hek kena caught by otomod
Not unpopular at all
I don't think so, might be some opportunist a la Nigerian prince-like entity.
He tryna avoid being downvoted to Oblivion again lel
I knew the moment I saw this on FB it's gonna wind up here. Hello fb 2.0
How dare u oppose me
KL, Langkawi, Penang. These are the places most mentioned to me when I was dealing with clients outside of Malaysia. I guess because they're very well marketed as tourist destinations.
Think of it as a myeg physical center.
Since GE is long over, I'm going openly accuse that /u/AdministrativeTuning is (was) a government cybertrooper that somehow stumbled here. Hell, he/she might even be from LSS' team of "writers".
My friend just clarified on his FB that outlets (in this case the La Bodega issue) that they are free to set whatever price they want, regardless of gst or not.
Yeah right about there for me as well... About 3 exercises per body part and 3-4 sets each.
No that's not the point of OP. He means people will tell u that they did without asking. U know, humble-bragging.
Fuck off
Take picture of cars. Claim her insurance. Get her IC number.
Yeah. People don't just change like that. People take bribes because it's extra money. Revisit the wages of cops and maybe they'll be much more motivated. Getting rid of SPAD is already a step in the right direction in trying to curb taxi drivers from ripping off customers.
This is bad
Wrong sub schmuck
&gt; I have not lost or gained weight for like 4 months No gain weight, no gain strength.
Stop whining. You need to eat more. Period. If you're getting fat, it's either: 1) You're eating too much; 2) You're not getting enough protein; 3) You're not working out hard enough; 4) All the above i.e. did not read the FAQ.
Every Little thing this that. U go start lo talk so much.
Vote OP as repeated post remover!
Doesn't matter man. I personally like to keep colleagues and friends separate
U sure u didn't create a new account just to comment on yours?
Too slow brah
Cheebye ko ni
The salt is strong in OP.
Go post on daily discussion thread la noob
Yeah, there are exceptional cases....but very rare. I only add/approve them on FB after I've resigned lol.
What have u learned from googling thus far?
Betul
/r/soccer /r/watchpeopledie /r/whatcouldgowrong
X tau kot. Google 😄
*lekoklu
I just bash into them if theuy cant take the hint
Doms go away after you get better at the exercise. Only when I push myself I get doms，but it's a lot less than what I experience if I'm off gym for a few weeks.
Yes I am. Sorry
It really depends on who. In particular, OP will just cherry pick on PH whenever he sees fit.
I've taken the monorail for the past two weeks, and there were only the old 2 coach trains, and barrier doors that were 'under maintenance' since the dawn of civilization.
By Wikipedia d-uh.
But you're asking dumb questions. How la.
They missing one 0 lel
Wait till u graduate only then u ask.
Lol I'm just here to read the interesting comments by that ignorant closeted fellar who probably got bullied so much that he had to take it out on us.
old old old news la bro
Did u watch total recall remake? I'm hoping it'll be like that
1. Read the FAQ; 2. Pick a full body workout program from the sidebar and DO NOT neglect the 3 main lifts; 3. On consistency, if u really want it, u WILL make time for it. No excuses.
Of course it would be prudent to get another job offer before resigning, but if u really beh tahan, then by all means. Just make sure u have adequate savings to last u for at least 3-6 months during that period of unemployment tho (if you're living alone like mua).
https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/8qgz9p/transport_minister_cancels_rm808000_weekly_column/?st=jibf786o&amp;sh=a51b1c48
Nowadays it's not uncommon to borrow from fama...I also do for my first property. I just didn't like how the article was written like he built it from scratch with his own money etc etc etc
U had me at Hutt
Real truks carry milk
I never liked MI. That's how they got themselves raided for being too pen-happy.
If you can't even make time in your calendar, why bother creating a blog/journal? No excuses. Either you make time, or you don't. This means rearranging your priorities and sacrificing certain activities.
I'll just say this dude... It all depends how much you want it. If you really want it, by hook or by crook, you will do it. I have the same problem 14 years ago... Only going to the gym wherever I felt like it without any specific goals in mind. Have a proper program, and always have a goal for the next session, i.e. aim for 8 reps on DB press etc etc.
OP can share full article here?
Oh snap
Unpopular opinion: I think Najib is just a victim and the real culprit is either his wife or some crony.
Yes, I agree with /u/douglasmorray as well. To say he's completely innocent is absurd... I'm pretty sure he knows what's going on but it's powerless to do anything.
CR7 is fckin GOAT
Families always first, so u did the right thing
Sure thing, hitcher.
1998 against Korea. I think he did it again in 2002.
I heard level 51 has overheating issues. I'm getting myself an illegear soon tho... Pretty good reviews all round... Fan might be a bit too noisy.
U know all those food pics on Instagram? I doubt any of them can finish it.
Not everyone makes/likes memes u know
U serious? This is malaysia. Football is the most popular sport here.
Dear me, this made Walker's giveaway mere chicken feed.
I can attest on this. Nutrition, physicality, sports science etc.... We are well behind on that. Like it or not, football is contact sport. Not to mention intense corruption at grassroots level
Just curious, is anyone here aware as to where recyclable trash goes to? I did a quick Googly and it seems that only electronics and a some fabrics gets recycled at an actual recycling center around KV. But what actually happens to bottles, plastics, glass those tho? I think that if people are more informed as to where their recycled trash ends up, the more people would take part in it.
Are u fcking illiterate? U can Reddit but u can't Google
Can't with a 500lbs baggage
Get out
Unless if ur an RC... In which is this case u have statuates of Mary
He's an ex player for Birmingham City in the premier league back in 2002/2003. He'd always strike me as kinda eccentric.
No you will be arrested for falsifying information.
But do you know what happens to those recycle trash? Are they reused? Smelted? Etc.? Nobody really knows what happens to them.
I wonder why.......
Get a part time job.
I usually use this only when I see users blatantly spamming self promoting crap.
No rule, but u can report it for harassment or vulgarity or something.
Hmmm, actually ur right tho, like being forced to learn the language just to survive, much like them foreign workers here. I think it only helps with spoken though, writing, that one needs a lot more reading.
U don't
Not here u don't
It is for me
it took me 5 months to go from 52 to 62kg. And yes I was at the gym, but only with dumbbells as I was still insecure about joining a proper gym. Without gym, you'd most likely be gaining fat.
Wiki the match between USA and Colombia
How do you carry wadloads of coins with u without creating a scene?
U mean like a shisha bong? Is there like an enclave of middle Eastern folks in Penang?
gude
IMO...the exchange rates don't fluctuate that much at exchanges coz it's very competitive, especially if they're all in the same building. U can try midvalley, or nu sentral bottom floor.
Watching a video of Moroccan fans rampasing an Israeli flag in the stadium during a world cup match, I wonder what's gonna happen if Israel one day qualifies and is drawn against an Arab nation. For those curious, politically tense matches has happened in the past, like in the 1998 World Cup when Iran bested the USA. Also just recently, a match between Albania and Serbia was called off after someone flew a drone carrying a flag with political images, causing fans to swarm the pitch attacking the Albanians.
Ur link is broken
Not remotely surprised.. Even during the Arab-Israeli war, some countries couldn't give two shits about it unless they benefited in some other way.
https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/6q0mw6/bumiputera_privileges/?st=jiprbm9u&amp;sh=f9c22e29 https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/5g8mhi/how_can_we_stop_bumiputera_status_and_all_be/?st=jiprbny4&amp;sh=d8c26bae https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/5mbb30/can_anybody_tell_me_what_are_the_benefits_of/?st=jiprbvy7&amp;sh=3dc61caa https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/4lz0ca/discussion_should_affirmative_action_be/?st=jiprbwpr&amp;sh=178a79cd https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/5gb3n6/why_do_some_malays_want_to_protect_their_right/?st=jiprchqe&amp;sh=678f19ce https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/75fo70/what_do_you_guys_think_about_the_bumiputera/?st=jiprcnu7&amp;sh=a067cbdb
Go to /r/watchpeopledie if you still need reassurance.
Majority of it should be from shops, if not all. Later 1 part faulty, good luck to you.
Yup.... They just couldn't be bothered. You're just not their priority.
why quit when BN is still relevant back then?
If he is UMNO would've cut ties with him long ago yet he still appears in every other gathering. I still want to have what you were snorting
Not if Bariaga and Bariaga 2 have something to say about that!
For sure on purpose XD
Fuckin A
Took up a new job offer?
If you could just go ahead and mention your budget, that would we great. Mkay?
I wouldn't wanna argue with someone who flairs himself as a "complete dumbass".
I guess the cops just couldn't be arsed. Pretty bad start for Moodin
U let one off of to her before your next meeting
I told those fudgepackers that liked his music
But what if they're both working together to conceal him? Check mate. Now king me.
No la u confirm not
If he keeps doing this shit, good luck. He needs to get this off his arrogant head. You're not an opposition no more. This is exactly the same mistake DAP did in my hometown which cost them the state elections. Every ceramah is in Mandarin.
U can Google translate... Gives a pretty clear translation lol
It does, because if it's his own, fine. But it's pretty obvious this ain't your run of the mill FB profile... It's obviously created by his PR to update followers of his activities. And since he's elected by Malaysian and not just the Chinese, like it or not, he is going to be scrutinized whatever he says, and making a statement in one language which isn't even the national language is doing him no good against the Malays.
No they're not. If you're good, you will be well paid well - assuming you're not a dumbass to work cheap.
As long as it properly comes with translated versions, why not. The issue here is so ngam when he posted his response on his FB page, it's entirely in Mandarin.
Maybe unpaid
just the fb post dude
No they don't. You have the Romance branch and then the Germanic branch. And even though the languages come from the same branch they are hardly ever mutually intelligeble.
Fraunaldo
Holy shit, its Kumar!
oh fuck off u dipshit
Discipline -&gt; Consistency -&gt; Results -&gt; Motivation You dont get strong by being fat, you get strong by having more muscle mass. Once you get stronger and improve on your lifts week in week out, then you know you're on the right path, and that's the motivation you need.
Beard. Don't forget the beard.
It's still not showing signs of recovery yet..... And with Trump vs China going on... Who knows
who told you to eat a shit tonne of food? the FAQ clearly states a slight caloric surplus.
lol....because for as long as I can remember, a lot of underweight guys think they eat a lot but in reality they aren't. U can't expect people to spoonfeed all the technical info here when it's readily available in the FAQ...so...just EAT!~
We're all waiting
It's about the FB post, not the press release
Hoooboy
I have a gut feeling that he was someone else here that gained too much notoriety
Yes... This is scary.
Just watch the debate few years back against CSL. LGE just couldn't stop taking shots at BN. conversely, CSL was calm, eloquent and focused on the topic at hand. For the record I do not support MCA, but at the same time I do not like LGE's antics at times.
From what I know, Sunni and Shia Muslims don't exactly see eye to eye.
Not only that though, I heard/read that there was a lot of bad blood between Persians and Arabs since days back. My Persian friend hates it a lot when people accidentally think that Persians and Arabs were related. They use a similar script though which is where the confusion stems.
Yes... Germany were chasing because had Sweden been trailing, a draw would be enough.
Got a feeling they might settle it out of court tho...
Lol... that I dunno....probably?
Kal Penn is roaming somewhere in KL. Wonder if any monyets here terserempak with him!
The original one was about a Muslim and a Jew at a bakery. The Jew was the one with the stolen pastry
yea it was lol... that's how i remember it being about a Jew
I feel u bro. It's rampant around the world. Double standards at it's finest.
Fair warning tho...I highly recommend u do some sort of weight exercise (home/gym) as well to promote muscle growth, else u might end up becoming skinny fat.
Lol. Take my upvote and get out
Yeah that's the gist of it. If they're still sore when the next round of PPL comes along, don't be afraid to take a day off. The soreness goes away as u get better and frequency increases.
Fuiyo... Multiple pc
When your goal is to build muscle, u need to eat more to gain weight. When you wanna maintain, u can get away with eating near to ur maintenance calories and only going to gym sparingly. As your weight increases, your maintenance calories increases as well.
I can't say for sure, but u definitely will spend more on food. It also depends on ur goals. Do u just wanna gain weight or u wanna build muscle as well? U just need to eat more than ur comfort zone, bit by bit. U observe all those fat ppl or if u have any friends who're plus sized and u see betapa giler their appetite - breakfast eat, lunch eat, tea time eat, dinner time eat, supper also eat nearly everyday.
Oh dad!
/r/gainit is the best sub. I moderate there also :D
coffee meets bagel
I see we have an experienced user
&gt; still in my early 20's Still ok lar, u have 10 years to not fuck up!
the flying fuck? But why?
I have to disagree. Calories in calories out is the basis of weight gain/loss. Keto, IIFYM, IF etc revolves around CICO. Prioritizing carbs or fats over another is of preference depending on your body. I wouldn't recommend too much fat intake - they have about double the calories of carbs/protein per g according to the ratio: carbs/protein/fat = 4/4/9 If your goal is to lose weight /u/Faramik2000, you need to eat less calories than you normally do, and if you don't want to count calories, then you make substitutions to your meals. For instance, less carbs, and up the protein and veggies because they are much more satiating and has fewer calories. Also, always always TRACK your weight weekly (with a scale) to ensure progress is made. Source: Was 52kg, gained 20kg, lost 5kg, gained back 5kg.
whoopdee doo
TBH, Senegal were in control of their own destiny. Japan did what they had to do.
"Toned" is just a fad. Doing push ups and such will just make u more fit, it will not make u appear fitter.
/r/bodyweightfitness if you're interested in making strength and muscle gains from home.
What is ur definition of toned?
It isn't disgraceful per say. They did what they had to. They took a gamble and not to concede another goal because had they did they'll be out. Just look at what happened to Germany vs Korea. Even in club football, if a team is leading in the closing stages, they'll try and waste time, especially against a strong opponent. It happens in every tournament, not only in football. Example would be in fighting games. The only thing disgraceful about Japan is the manager fielding a second string team when qualification is not even confirmed and underestimating the Polish. At least u can argue that their punishment for that would be to face Belgium.
It doesn't matter. U just have to put him off.... Unless he's Jan fuckin Koller.
I think one cybertrooper is here. But I'm not gonna mention names lol
Is it? I always thought it's the other way around lol
Go to FB if u can;t handle the heat. Don't forget to warn others not to come here ya
What interpretations are u talking about?
My friend introduced me it and now I can't get that goddamn song off my head
I'm going to be brutally honest with u. If you're not tracking your weight weekly or counting calories, u will not lose weight regardless of which strategy u use. FYI fat has double the calories per gram of protein and carbs.
Shiiiiiiiiiiit I stand corrected
Of course, nobody is saying DOMS is a measure of progress, if anything, it means ur targeting the right muscles, or not. Yes I have been progressing, but I found only some parts of my muscles are susceptible to doms than others. I almost never get any for push day lol.
*cough* ego *cough*
Google image it.
Get out
The beaches at Tanjung Lobang. The other places listed are overrated and nothing much TBH... Most people who come to Miri is to enjoy the local food - kolo mee, Sarawak Laksa, kueh chap etc. Main attractions are the caves located in the outskirts which require a full day.
VA's cash cow. Painfully long and full of ramblings.
Rage**QUILT** cough
Shit that really is a thing haha. It is also true that whatever fuck clickbait title that's added, only happens once in the video, with no timestamp given whatsoever... And for a short period... Within a 20 minute fucking video.
Last I checked, Reddit isn't a news site. If u feel a need to post a news article, at least comment as to why u feel the need to post it, and how is it relevant to the current environment. Else, u get 30+ links everyday, some from different sources but same content. U may not have seen it because I and a few others have reported them.
https://www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/a21hee/primary_industries_minister_teresa_kok_suggested
Fuck off
Always preferred us to be the 2nd leg. It's going to be hard af away.
/u/dcx this guy doesnt do warnings
Because they only focus on the bad ones reported by the media
Read the FAQ here
How did he vilify us intentionally tho? All I know is he was at first blaming the cops, then didn't apologize... And took him ages to issue a statement on the incident.
Do Indians call each other that? I know blacks call each other in a casual kinda way..
Not common here... But in the States. Same as ching chong.
Even then, there are ways around it. Else no one would be ranking. Blacklist and move on if the lag is too much.
OP, I would suggest you to get The Resistance instead. It's a simple card game about deception and mind fucking each other. Now this one is one hell of a great game!
Tldr
Uh... Stereotyping is not racism. And we do have small squinty eyes.
Do be honest, i also have no idea what she says on CA activation.... The same when G said "power to the Earth" but sounded like "powahhh to the arse".
Was it? Can't remember what's the other alias...
It's a great game when people are drunk af....i think someone made a local version as well, there are also several parodies of it. The user who was tagged here knows where to get discount boardgames so feel free to ask him!
Look it up, i recall seeing a card game created by a Malaysian that's about politics. The characters are loosely based on our own MPs.
Jump or backdash or do an invincible reversal. You cant be grabbed under blockstun. But be wary, they will mix it up with normals and set you up in another 50/50 situation. Think R.Mika. Gief's would approach you with lp... Then pile-driver, or close range hk to catch you backdashing or jumping, which is CC-ed into his air pile-driver.
Street Fighter 1
I don't mean to be a dick, but where's your source on this?
Is it generally worth to be driving frequently with your own vehicle for outstation assignments just for the purpose of claiming mileage?
Shut up and let the woman talk!
