Hi and welcome to /r/nfl. Over at the Bengals table, you'll see bullshit about the Patriots. Over at the Texans table, you'll see bullshit about the Broncos. And over there in the Chargers and Raiders table, you'll see Los Angeles.
This for sure. Marvin will be gone before the team takes another stab at a QB in the draft. Honestly, though, Mike Brown is getting very old, I'd think he'll croak before either happens.
Well that's one way to get new PR's.
So happy to see this happening. If we're not going to have any sort of rail system around here, we need to get rid of all the abandoned tracks.
And then no good content for two or three months after that! :D :| :(
Well shit, if we're not getting Reilly we should at least get a consolation prize.
God yes. The community has millions of map ideas, from competitive to casual and even total joke maps. Hammer is just a mess for those unwilling to spend the hundreds of hours navigating it. I always wanted to make a GPit-style map, this has me interested.
I hate getting interrupted when I explain stuff, but I absolutely cut people off when I know they're not saying anything useful.
Cedric Benson used to come to my Walgreens. Really nice but very quiet.
I'm playing this now and I agree with the critics: this game is criminally underrated and anyone who got hyped for Bayonetta 2 should pick this game up immediately because it is every bit as fantastic. It's literally like playing a Saturday Morning Cartoon.
HOLY SHIT
Oh fuck, a tradeception.
Oh guys I got it. Well get him for Anisimov, Atkinson, Kerby Rychel, and the 2016 First.
The game is out of print and is slowly becoming a collector's item. You're unlikely to find it for that cheap.
I remember seeing a discussion about that maybe a month or two ago. I made the argument that since the Giants would have a better QB in Rivers and a few extra draft picks to build a team with, they'd have a better run at more division titles and possibly more Super Bowls.
They totally made this song so that sports stadiums would license it when they play it during giveaways. Source: Blue Jackets fan.
It would be *if it were on vinyl*.
HAY GURL HAYYYY
It is the best option on this short of notice, honestly.
Technically, dopamine is the only thing that really makes me smile.
That really surprises me about Hawaii, considering everything there is fucking expensive.
Even if an offense runs most of the time they're within 5 yards, defenses expect that scheme and you still have to get in the end zone. That sort of power and skill doesn't come easy. We've seen plenty of RBs get stuffed repeatedly on goal line attacks, even with good offensive lines. To put up those kinds of numbers with that yardage is still pretty special. I feel like this argument would need to go to the tapes. How many of those TDs did Alexander have to fight for and how many of them were gift wrapped to him? That's the true tale of his ability.
Nailed it with the juice. Sure, it's convenient, but most of the nutrients and especially fiber is all but eliminated. We have a lot of health problems in our society due to how we eat, but a lot of it comes from a widespread fiber deficiency and excessive intake of processed sugars. I used to munch on the "healthier" chips (think sweet potato or avocado chips), but now I'm substituting it with low-glycemic fruits and veggies when I do longer gaming sessions.
His reasoning was a little off but the main points still stand. Looking at a screen for extended periods of time is not great for your eyes. Sitting down for an extended period of time is not great for your neck or posture, nor for muscle strength and general bodily functions. These are real things to consider when we talk about a generation whose main forms of entertainment will be coming from indoor activity.
And they wonder why people keep catching illegal streams of their product.
Best GDT of the year.
[Possibly worse.](http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/sidney-crosby-at-justin-beiber-concert__oPt.jpg)
There absolutely needs to be a bridge going from NKY to the West Side. The only reasonable ways to get out of the West Side onto 75 include going through cramped roads to get on the Western Hills Viaduct or Hopple, take the long way to get onto 74, or go through congested streets to get onto 50. All of these just plain suck, especially if you have to get to Kentucky from there. Having a replacement for the Anderson Ferry makes so much sense, as its so dense and the access needs to that much greater.
E
Something tells me that's going to be banned or changed pretty quick.
I'd rather not trade within the division, but then I look at the stacked defensive prospects the Devils and possibly the Canes have, realize that Rychel isn't going to make them into playoff contenders overnight, and realize that they would make good trading partners. I wouldn't want to help Pittsburgh in any way unless I got the better end of the deal simply because of Crosby and Malkin carrying them.
One of my good friends got married last year. He loves gaming, but he also loves a challenge. So he decided to set himself a really arbitrary challenge for himself in Dark Souls 2 (I think it was he had to use a shit weapon for the whole game or something). On the day of his wedding, he spent like five hours beating an optional boss before driving up to his wedding and was the last one of the wedding party there.
Well yeah, when you've okay got so much talent and you have multiple projects, you're going to take on the one that brings in the most money. GoT has this over Borderlands pretty easily.
Man, every time I think I can't like Scott Hartnell any more, he pulls off more of this.
Jesus Christ I just found a game and not even five minutes in we're at level 180. What the hell is wrong with you people.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/cincysmash/
More like an Xbox One demo.
Seems like it would need a more regional study. I mean, Ford is dominant in Detroit, but what about Gillette in New England? Do they have a higher market share in that area compared to others?
Seriously, there's gotta be at last 150 people working on these, which is amazing given the simplicity of its engine and gameplay.
Three cups in six years. Goddamn.
It's significant, but let's not forget that there was a pretty reasonably-sized backlash [for a group of fans trying to retranslate the whole game](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-05-29-why-would-someone-spend-five-years-retranslating-all-of-final-fantasy-7) not that long ago. Even /r/games didn't get behind it. A remake will not fully meet everyone's expectations.
Of course Chicago would be on there, because they need more Cups.
That, uh, was disappointing.
Seriously, that part made me cringe when Skylanders showed up. Who over the age of 10 cares about Skylanders?
There are, as evidenced by the World Championship final.
Remember, these are not the *statistical probabilities* that a given team will win the cup, just the *betting odds* which is based on a number of factors, including number of people making the bets. That's why a lot of the big market teams will have "better" odds.
You have to take the exchange rate into account, which right now is about [$76](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#es_th=1&amp;q=99%20aud), which actually doesn't sound bad in the States for a new game and two amiibo.
["lulz i was only pretending"](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/738/025/db0.jpg)
Sidebar? Sidebar.
So he can play 3rd pair minutes? I'd like to get a Top 4 guy but with defense being at a premium this free agency it's going to be a crapshoot to get some talent. Wouldn't mind taking this guy for cheap tbh.
:(
I missed the Kickstarter but wish I could've backed it. :( Still going to buy it!
I can see a mid-to-low 1st, a few prospects, and a capable 2nd/3rd liner coming out for Kessel with salary retained.
Man, how come none of you guys want to move defense, the one position we need? :(
2 years, $7M sounds pretty fair. "Thanks for getting us to where we need to go, prove you're worth more."
*swoon*
How does Hanifin vary differently than Provorov, and would that difference be big enough to try and bait Arizona into trading down?
NJ is stacked with defensive depth, they need offense. That said, I'd give them a value of up to one of our seconds to move up to 6 so that Philly doesn't get Provorov.
Playing video games. Huh. That's what I did today, too. Happy anniversary, video games!
Toronto is trying to get overpaid for all their assets, I don't think anything huge will be coming their way.
Darkest Dungeon This War of Mine (though I'm returning it) Small World 2 Telltale's Game of Thrones Legend of Grimrock 2 Dragon Ball Xenoverse So I think I really did well here.
Why wouldn't it? I make a category every sale cycle for games I bought and need to play through, and don't go through more games until they're done. And by the time there's another sale cycle, the games I missed are there for a lower price.
I seriously hope this takes off. If the Olympics are any indication, Women's Hockey can be just as good as Men's from a spectator's standpoint.
baby you're a superstar
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ PROTECT YOUR DANOS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
We'd be the dish that makes you not return for four to six weeks for an abdominal injury. Sooooo everything at Applebee's.
Artem Anisimov, our first, Kerby Rychel, one of our seconds this year, and our first for next year.
And we have three of them! Come to Daddy...
Lol it's cool. Everyone in the state has silly pride that we are entitled to make fun of others for :P
Pompeii was terrible. I'm pretty sure it was made for the sole purpose of getting teenage girls to see Kit Harrington's abs. My fiance called Keifer Sutherland saying, "You bitch!" near the end, about the only good part of it.
Ducks have said they want to move up. I would find it hilarious if we somehow traded to get Wiz back that also included another defenseman and getting rid of Boroque and/or Clarkson.
Every time I venture to Wisconsin, I have to be sure to grab a case of that Spotted Cow. I also recommend Capital's Dark Voyage. It's a Black IPA and it's awesome.
Seriously wish Blizzard would get a small team to make another Lost Vikings.
I hung out with the punks and skaters in high school and, while not to the degree of what black teens face, it does happen sometimes. Then again, our town was pretty white at the time, so I imagine that cops just have a natural instinct to pick out who the "troublemakers" are based on looks. And no, my friends didn't do anything wrong to deserve a random search/detaining on the streets.
Kerby Rychel. Dude's top of the trading block, let's hear it.
But don't tell that to /r/NFL, they got us going 6-10 with everyone getting fired.
U wot m8
Shit I just sold prenatal vitamins to a girl born in like 2001.
Pharmacy tech here. Suboxone and Methadone still have properties that can make users dependent on those drugs, and as such they have to be dispensed with the same rules that we would treat narcotics (Schedule III and II, respectfully). Laws governing buprenophine, one of the drugs in Suboxone, are as such that doctors are limited to the number of patients they can see because there's a lot of auditing and review that comes alongside that responsibility. It's admittedly broken. Add to the fact that some insurances don't cover it, and a lot of recovering addicts are having difficulty getting jobs to pay for it in the first place, and you can easily see why Suboxone is a high-demand street drug. Hopefully with the pending Ohio law in regards to allowing naloxone (the drug that "shuts down" overdoses) to be purchased at the pharmacy counter, we'll be able to save lives, but whether or not it will actually slow down or stop heroin use has yet to be seen. In the meantime, there absolutely needs to be a public needle exchange program and more focus on treatment than incarceration.
It would have to depend on if it's a good possibility of us grabbing a solid QB with wherever they're going in the draft with that. Too early to tell how the college game is going to look.
Colts fans are awesome. They have a great team but are totally respectful. Cheers!
No way is this more disastrous than Mitt Romney's "47%" video though. At least with Dean, we got laughs for years. With Romney we only got disdain and shame on him.
I made this trade proposal, too. In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
I made this trade proposal, too. In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
Dat cap hit tho
Nice! How's Montana treating you?
Sidebar? Sidebar.
Very real possibility, although if I'm Arizona and have all that cap room, it would kill two birds with one stone.
I love not only that happened, but Scalia is probably going to write a butthurt response to it and it'll be funny.
I KNOW ITS NOT HOCKEY BUT FUCK IT IM HAPPY AND IM NOT EVEN GAY FUCK SCALIA AND HIS BUTTHURT ATTITUDE FUCK THOMAS AND HIS BULLSHIT SILENCE FUCK ALITO BECAUSE HES AN ASSHOLE FUCK ROBERTS BECAUSE WTF MAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE AT LEAST KIND OF COOL EAT SHIT OLD RACIST FUCKS
That's a hell of a return for a guy that was going to be gone next season.
We'll give it back for Phaneuf
Oh fuck call 911 fuck fuck fuck
Now we get to boo Carter *and* watch Prout beat up Lucic at the same time! If anything we should thank them for the convenience.
Gotta include all those picks and maybe a prospect. I was high on Hannifin, but not THAT high.
You don't. Instead you get a good deal going with either Toronto or NJ that's fair for both sides and snag Provorov.
Crossing my fingers for Hannifin. Keep picking offense!
I'd have to think that a package of Rychel and a 2nd would make for a tempting offer for a Top 4 D-Man.
Get more Defense, it appears. I'm OK with this.
I kind of like the one on the bottom right. Shame we at least don't have a color picture of it.
For a 3rd and a 7th? Not bad.
You guys aren't very good at trading goaltenders, it appears...
Got the #3 defenseman and the #2 European in the draft (and Jarmo knows Europeans). They filled organization needs and could potentially make the club this year. I like it.
I feel like they could have gotten more, but for what it's worth that's a high 3rd. Lack is not Talbot.
Fucking insane price. Edmonton is looking to be my Dark Horse this season with all of these moves.
Not a bad price for a few days of negotiating.
Still have no idea why the trade even happened in the first place. It didn't help us with cap space and Karlsson needs time still. Moving up from second to third round was nice but I'd rather have Wiz when it's all said and done.
Goddammit Carolina stop making good moves.
Can't argue with SCF and ECF back-to-back appearances though.
It's crazy that Anaheim essentially gave up all those pieces for a backup.
The Great City of Florida
What's the average user's screen size in pixels? I'm sure that may have something to do with it.
What are the odds that he leaves Russia to play for us? Looks like a solid stay-at-home defender, I'd love for Tyutin to show him the ropes.
Honestly if I'm the Hawks I'd use him as trade bait for the next deadline. They're not going to get that kind of package now and I'm sure there will be a team willing to pay that price next season when there's an injured player or two.
What a ridiculous scenario. The only way Buffalo actually wins this draft over Edmonton is if Eichel performs better than McDavid.
No, you trade him to another team for a Top 4 Defenseman and a first, and watch him go win a Cup twice **FUCK YOU JEFF CARTER**
Well at least we only spent a low 6th to draft him, so it's not like we're taking a huge risk in drafting him. If he gets sick of Russia after a year or two, he can develop there and make an impact in the NHL almost immediately while the visa trouble gets worked out.
Christ Hasimoto is tiny.
The Hockey Gods determined that Edmonton can't get that good *that* easily and must be tested...by fire...
I feel like he'd be expensive, no?
165 doesn't cut it in this league unless he's Usain Bolt on skates.
[Yeah...well...](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/657/039/7fa.jpg)
Globalization's double-edged sword. When one falls, everyone feels the impact.
I'll allow it.
http://share.gifyoutube.com/v1ZM9A.gif
Yeah we can't really give a shit where players played in college when major juniors seem to pump out the most reliable players.
NOT MY DANOS ヽ༼ಠ_ಠ༽ﾉ WHAT AM I GOING TO RAISE NOW ヽ༼ಠ_ಠ༽ﾉ
/༼; _ ;༽\ LOWER YOUR DANOS /༼; _ ;༽\
/༼; _ ;༽\ LOWER YOUR DANOS /༼; _ ;༽\
I want Bengals V Panthers Cat Bowl
That was the year Palmer went down, too. Cincinnati is very bitter about it still.
We did, when there was news of Bob coming off the IR...
This will probably happen. I'm sure someone at CBJ told him to just finish the year because they don't want to rush his development in a season that's looking to be lost anyway.
GWG: Boone Jenner B1: Scott Hartnell B2: Alexander Ovechkin B3: 65
DAT RYJO SHOOTOUT GOAL
Could you imagine this kind of goal on a regulation breakaway? It'd be crazy amazing to see!
I mean, there's a lot of players who will be looking for jobs next season. It's in their interest to play their best.
Hunts also doesn't use High Fructose Corn Syrup. Heinz does. Fuck Heinz and fuck the Steelers.
[Relevant gif for next week](http://i.imgur.com/oS47R9e.gif)
Ah, yes, the Bills have implemented the [Andross Strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lkg_8ly1Tk).
Wide receivers.
I guess if, coming off a penalty kill, a defenseman fell and someone was able to feed the puck to a guy coming out of the penalty box, there'd be enough time to pull something like this off in regulation.
I live across the street and have never gone. I'm ashamed.
[Relevant gif for next week](http://i.imgur.com/oS47R9e.gif)
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ REGRET YOUR DANOS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
That's why I disagree with the notion that there were so many "bad" teams this year. So many games were close, if anything teams are evening out in terms of overall skill. I'd expect to see more exciting games like these next season, too.
It's kind of been a revolving-door as far as "who's the worst defenseman" this season, so for all we know it was Bodnarchuk's turn and the team felt the need to capitalize off it.
I agree, it's more Kings than anything else.
Did you know the Maple Leafs haven't won a Stanley Cup since the 60's, and the Blue Jackets never got out of the first round of the playoffs?
Also the Grand Canyon is only a few hours away. Highly recommend checking out the Skywalk.
I once had a mother bring in prescriptions for her two sons, Ricardo and Ricardo. They were born four years apart from each other.
Probably should've gotten a pick or a prospect too. But otherwise this was a necessary evil.
I mean, he can't be that much more expensive than RyJo is this offseason, right? Bridge deal should work out fine now that we will have an extra $4 Million in cap. If anything, Nashville should worry about it more two seasons down the road when Joey and his assface agent will want $7M AAV.
At this point I don't even know if giving up a mid-first round pick will get anyone to take that contract.
This sounds about right. Nashville is in prime position to make a strike into the playoffs, CBJ is going back to perpetual rebuild but this quickens the timeframe.
The same can be said for defensemen, where we typically haven't been able to get.
&gt;It's literally the PS1 version with speedups and higher resolution models. Which, honestly, is what most people wanted anyway. SE is fulfilling a niche, and I will reward them with my money.
No Dano probably means no Saad, and the other two seem to be on the block as well, so really who knows what we get from them if that happens.
Ohio sports in a nutshell.
If they were dumb enough to give us Yandle I'd take that in a heartbeat.
Nevermind
I'd just bite the bullet and waive borque now, let the youngsters come in.
Work in a pharmacy. Can confirm a lot of cash-paying narcotics and amphetamines leaving my store on the first Friday of the month.
THE GAME PLAN IS SIMPLE. WE PASS THE BALL TO ~~TUCKER~~ TYLER.
I didn't know that about Hill, thanks for he heads up. I would like to mention here that Ben had A LOT of those problems while he was at Miami, though. Lots of eyewitness reports about him being a scumbag to women on campus. I'm not speculating that he did any crimes there, but clearly there's a lot more to him than the situations where he got into legal trouble. Though I suppose the same can be said for a lot of pro athletes.
Fight, or hit so hard they have to stop play?
Because the Steelers ALWAYS get away with this. People including officials just shrug it off as old-timey Steelers Football but then pretend to care when another team does it to them. It's disgusting favoritism and it's been happening for decades.
Bengals get shafted on their way to a win. Reds are looking at a 60-70 win season. Blue Jackets looked very promising and now they're favorites for the lottery pick (which will somehow go to Edmonton). What an awful time to be an Ohio sports fan. At least the Crew did well.
If the Steelers actually go to the Super Bowl, I will refuse to watch it.
This needs to be broken. /r/brokengifs
Have any Steelers players been suspended?
LUNCHPAIL TOUGH NOSED OLD TIMEY STEELERS FOOTBALL ::hits a wide receiver with a baseball bat with a nail through it::
There's enough room in my soul to hate them more.
Wow he got white.
IT'S WEDNESDAY NIGHT RIVALRY NIGHT, WHERE RIVALS DO BATTLE ON THE BIG RIVALRY STAGE
Welp, time to preorder on Amazon then. They got the bundle going for $60, $48 if you have Prime. Because you are sure as hell not getting it otherwise without a premium.
Saving this for after work. Looks interesting.
Pretty sure we saw the incumbent mayor and/or city council members get destroyed in the election after they approved Paul Brown Stadium. Just a shitty deal every way you look at it.
What sucks is that it takes Football to do it, and not, y'know, jobs or healthcare or education etc.
I mean, we're not retaining both Jones and Sanu, but even without one of them were pretty deep at WR. I think we need to look into our secondary and add a piece or two there, because we'll definitely lose Nelson or Jones and those are tough to replace.
YOU ACT LIKE THAT'S A BAD THING
THE STEELERS ARE LIKE THE LANISTERS. THEY SOMEHOW MANAGE TO GET EVERYONE TO BUY INTO THEIR EVIL BULLSHIT, TAKE CHEAP SHOTS INTO VICTORY, AND ARE FULL OF INBREDS.
The MLB needs a salary cap. Holy shit, I can't have 2-3 really good years of baseball followed by a decade of bullshit.
It doesn't make sense to me to have Player-sexual mechanics. It's just too convenient, it makes characters feel less real. Of course there are going to be pansexual people in the world, just as there are straight, gay, and bi people. But to have *every single character* be open to romance or sex regardless of the person plays more into fantasies best suited for Rule 34 than it would be for pure narrative. Clearly there is a market for these kinds of games, and I'm not going to care about people wanting this and developers making them, but I'm most certainly not a part of that demographic and would prefer role playing to be more realistic in terms of how people react in real life. So when I hear about the Fallout 4 mechanics, it just feels flat to me, but I can understand why there are some that would be into that. I'm more into realism and character development, or at least romance that makes sense in the world I'm playing in, like Undertale's crazy romance paths. Writers need to take this into consideration better rather than be a cheap titillation to avoid or spark controversy.
Holy shit these Steelers brigadiers are awful. Get a life already.
A cup of tea, a good book, some calories for the game that night, and then a one-hour sleep session on a down-mattress, where Brandon peacefully dreams of beating up Ovechkin using Crosby's limbs.
Oh my, [they're real](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQYpzL7sILg)!
Perhaps a trade for AJ McCarron? What would the Texans give to make that happen?
Makes me want to vote in Jared Boll, Tanner Glass, and other enforcers to the All Star Game next year.
Welp, that's what I get for using Wikipedia on mobile. :P But even then, it's pretty close.
Looked good to me, or at least not enough to prove that it wasn't.
He generally says incorrect or stupid things, but he always brings a good amount of hype when it's needed.
A lot of them are barcades nowadays. Aside from the Dave and Busters and Gameworks in my town, we have two smaller scale barcades in the middle of my city that take good care of their equipment and are huge retro gamers themselves. The market is more or less assigned to people born in the 70s and 80s, kids today just aren't getting into them the way they are into mobile games.
They couldn't figure out a way to cheat this week.
Panthers, for the Cat Team Brotherhood!
O'Malley: "The government should have to get a warrant wether they want to come in your front door or your back door." ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You should check out Moral Dilemma. It's like CAH but it's more philosophical and encourages discussion about the most asinine bullshit.
http://moraldilemmathegame.com
Andi Dalton Jo Flacco
You're better off getting a refurbished 32GB direct from Nintendo for $200, including a game.
Thunder Bay!
"I'm making bread. You? Bread?"
I was just there with my pug yesterday. Definitely open.
http://i.imgur.com/hkSDqrw.gif
The building next to ours has been looking for tenants for a while. We pay $800/month for a one bedroom in Hyde Park, close to a lot of bars, restaurants, and shops and it has free heat. I can PM you contact info if needed.
http://youtu.be/GEueoC_K3Zg
I will fight people for those.
"Pass the ball to Tucker!" - Arnold's coach
I feel like the Browns would have to offer crazy money, there's just so much instability that I feel that Cleveland just isn't a good place to go right now.
I got three jerseys, all blank. So far it has turned out to be a good investment.
In other news, Canada to annex Ohio and western New York to complete the circle.
Pretty satisfying knowing that those #3 Steelers will probably be #2 or #1 after the Wild Card Game gets added to it ^yes ^^I'm ^^^still ^^^^bitter
No way. If the Browns get a new QB this year, it will be an established player in a trade, or with a pick other than #2. No reason to reach.
The square can be scary at night. People tend to drive over the speed limit and are hesitant when there are pedestrians. If anything there needs to be more lighting at the crosswalks.
He played well, but that season was incredibly lucky for that whole team. Taking out Palmer, crazy fumbles in later games, controversial calls at the Super Bowl, and so forth. They managed to get Any Given Sunday four times in a row when on paper they should've gotten crushed.
We had a top tier Speech, Drama, and Debate (aka Forensics) team for a very long time, but because the school administration thought it was "gay," our funding got cut to bits while all the Football teams with losing records got fancy new equipment and turf every year. Our Forensics coach ended up quitting after I graduated and went to our "rival" school, where he started a team from nothing and made them best in the state.
WE CAN START WITH EYEGLASSES
Only the ones with "Free Candy" written on them.
I can see the argument for the Packers, but the Colts are missing quite a few pieces on that roster. I think next year is a real "prove it" season for them given Houston's and possibly Jacksonville's rise.
&gt;Eh, anything's better than those damn ~~bumblebees~~ prison stripes Ftfy
Like all other EA games, I'm going to "wait and see." DA2 and ME3 were such huge let downs after DAO and ME2. I could really tell that EA was trying to push the product out the door as fast as possible and both of them were diminished as a result. If ME:A can bring back all the good things that made ME1 and 2 great, then sure, why not, but I'm pessimistic about the return.
They did that for the TV airings.
YEE HAW
Mine was more like, 1) Be 10, Weird Al is awesome! 2) Be 13, get made fun of for liking Weird Al. 3) Be 21, Weird Al is cool again. Teenagers suck.
Anyone else get the achievement where you go through the game only shooting one bullet? When I saw that (played it long ago on the 360), that's how I ended up playing the game, using only melee weapons, the gravity gun, etc. And it was one of the more intense and interesting FPS experiences I've ever had. I wish more games used mechanics like that, because general gunplay has gotten boring after so many years, but strip out all the conventional guns and weaponry and you're got something so filled with dynamic gameplay that it's tough to recommend against it.
Ravens must be psychic if they can make that observation. ^^^^^^^Ghost&gt;Psychic
Oh god the one thing I'll miss about not working in the west side anymore is that restaurant. Goetta omelet for life.
If you're a science/health/nutrition junkie like me, any of the Dr. Rhonda Patrick episodes are pure gold. Such a crazy amount of information and they never skip a beat.
ELI5 the difference between "full guarantee" and "total guarantee?"
While convenient at times, it was stupid for a variety of reasons: * You were charged $2 to put money onto the wristband. This was after the fact that single-day tickets went up $10 over last year with much less content to go around. And you HAD to spend it all, too, because in order to get refunded the money left on your account, you were charged $3.50. So, essentially, you're getting charged anywhere from $2 to $5.50 for the privilege of spending your own money at the festival. That makes no sense. I ended up with $3.25 left on my account and luckily that's the cost of a bottle of water that I didn't need. I'd rather have the $3.25 back. * The single-day bracelets only gave you ONE entry to the festival, so you couldn't leave and come back. Aren't the wristbands supposed to be a convenient ticketed measure? Why not scan out if you plan on coming back midway through the day, and scan back in when you re-enter? It's not like the lines to get in were long anyway. * Systems going down are always a concern. It seems like Bunbury has a habit of not having any "Plan B's" for catastrophic events like that, because I could imagine that on a steaming day like Saturday that if the payment system went offline, there'd be people fighting each other over the scarce water fountains *because you cannot leave and return if you have a single-day ticket* for no reason. I mean, I liked not having to wait in line for ten minutes to get a beer, or a half hour just to get in, but Bunbury needs to waive the convenience fees and get rid of stupid policies. They're really coming off as just wanting to exist for the sole purpose of taking my money instead of being a good music festival, which even though I enjoyed myself last night, last year's and the year before's offerings were much better. I'm guarded from returning next year, they'd have to either make their payment systems much friendlier, much cheaper, or offer more content to get my attention again.
Those fees don't happen on debit or cash transactions, though, and who doesn't have an ATM card?
"Oops! It didn't take it!"
How much were ATM fees at the festival? I'd be shocked if it were less than $5. And of course they're right next to the Top Off stations!
Shit, what DIDN'T happen? Botched development, extra crowdfunding campaigns for different projects while this one was in development, terrible community support, bad management, the list goes on. I just want it to release and get it over with.
There was a 'meh' response from those that played the beta.
We played the best baseball we could and they played the worst baseball they could. It'll even itself out for both teams.
Rule 614 in full effect, nothing else to be expected.
Juantez Burfict
Oh, I much, much prefer Arcade Legacy. Jesse runs a great bar.
Well, they don't have the fancy $8 cocktails that I'm aware of, usually I'll get like three beers while I'm there and it'll run me like $20 with tip.
Check out Arcade Legacy: Bar Edition in Northside. I haven't been to the mall location but the staff at the bar are awesome and very welcoming, and all the games are kept in great shape.
IIRC they only serve Gold Star at Bengals games because of a partnership.
Huh. TIL.
While a step in the right direction, it's stupid that: A) You can't smoke it, but can vaporize it, B) You can get fired for failing a drug test even if you can prove legitimate need for it, C) there's a very short list of medical conditions that allow you to be able to obtain it. Hopefully the legalization movement continues, it's sad that it lost interest after last year's deal, but overall it's a step in the right direction.
I don't think it's an issue of following another state's rule when it comes to the philosophy of your employer being able to get rid of you for consuming a substance they don't agree with--especially when it's a legal substance. Employers shouldn't dictate your behavior when you're not working unless it's damaging the company or it's illegal. If you're taking medical marijuana and have legitimate need for it, and it's legal, why should you be in danger of losing your job?
Coins
_/
http://kendallhaleart.tumblr.com/post/143817546754/im-tired-of-getting-these-stupid-offers-to-work
I dunno, if we can get an established player or top prospect, AND get rid of Clarkson, I'd consider that enough to sway them.
NJ has also some good defensive AHLers that are ready to make the jump to the NHL. It would make sense.
I don't really think we need the picks for now, though. Look at how stacked our farm is, so many of these players are ready to make the jump to the big league that we don't really need that many more prospects. Picks are nice, but I think Top 4 Defense would be better long term.
That sounds like Warframe, or a bunch of other shooters that are free.
I think getting rid of Clarkson would be the top priority. That's just too much cap space to take up for that kind of talent. If someone would like to take Boll that'd be awesome, too, but honestly I think that's more of a buyout issue than a tradeable one. I think Campbell could be dangled as well, his contract isn't terrible and he's a somewhat reliable 4th liner, so moving him would make room for one of our youngsters. Top 4D should be second priority. Preferably a veteran with a good contract, because we're still a pretty young team and if we move Hartnell we could definitely use the older help.
I'm a mod at /r/imaginejuggalos. We don't have a lot of content, but a neat idea: Photoshop famous people as though they were fans of Insane Clown Posse.
Wow, from 30/5 to 200/20 at no additional charge? TWC must be scared Google's coming to town or Cincinnati Bell is going to up their game soon. This is why competition is awesome.
What will the stream quality be?
On the other hand, even good standalone films the past few years have performed poorly at the box office. Studios are in it for the money and what makes money today are 90's reboots and superhero films. People aren't lining up to see *How to Be Single* or *Spy* *The Nice Guys* or whatever, despite them being amazing films, but they're going to go see *Civil War* three times.
Weird Al did it best. Every sentence of that song is a palindrome!
In *The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies*, there's a scene at the beginning of the huge fight where Thorin and his brother start talking, and while it's clear that the brother is entirely CGI, it then cuts to Thorin who has a CGI closeup for like two seconds. They had him in full make up and armor for like seven or eight hours of movies at this point, they couldn't do a shoot against a blue screen like all of his other non-action shots? Why couldn't they have another guy dressed in a dwarf getup and have the guy voice over him, did he have to be entirely CGI as well? There were lots of problems with *The Hobbit* movies but that one really stood out to me as one of the more major nitpicks.
Lions Hype Squad: People throwing each other up in the air, bullhorns, T-Shirt cannons, monkeys riding on dogs, pyrotechnics, ACTUAL LIONS. Take it to a completely different level.
I really hope Jared Boll gets bought out this year, too. Guy's got a $1.7M hit and there's only one year left on his deal, and we're probably going to need that extra million in cap space to sign some RFA's.
Works for me. If OP reads this, can't they edit the top post?
Tyutin can at least be traded for assets, even if we retained some salary. Boll probably wouldn't get us anything.
I smoked very, very briefly and this was about the only time I really lit up. Like, I'm talking a pack a month. The key is to know it's fucking terrible for you before you start so that if you notice yourself picking it up more often, it won't be as hard to quit cold turkey.
Not that I expect them to have it on hand, but perhaps a shandy would be a good "beginner" beer? All I had back when I started drinking was Miller Lite and fuck that piss water.
They wouldn't be able to afford him and Von in the near future. They're doing the right thing with rolling the dice on Sanchez/Lynch.
**LOUDLY BEGS CLARKSON TO WAIVE HIS NMC AND OFFERS VEGAS PICKS/PROSPECTS TO TAKE HIM**
There have been trades in the past where teams were given stuff to not draft players, I don't see why the other way around couldn't be negotiated.
Why do that and lose another player to the expansion draft though?
I mean, when your field is as beaten up as it is and it's hard enough for even the best kickers to get long field goals in, it probably works to your advantage to get very, very good at 2 Point tries.
They've gotten better at this with youth programs in hockey cities, especially in non traditional markets. People love to shit on Arizona, Texas, Florida, etc., but now those markets are bringing elite players into the league and likewise growing the market themselves. It was never about the next five years with these expansions, it was about the next generations.
I would watch the shit out of Joe playing Doom on Twitch.
I think everyone's main problem with the combat in Skyrim is just the repetitiveness of enemies. You can only fight so many Dragurs and bandits before it gets tiresome, though the game does its best to add enough biodiversity to regions it gives *some* variety. Dragon fights are epic, but again once you've fought a few of them, killing another seems like clockwork. That said, it was always satisfying to come up with a good magic/weapon combo, or getting so strong that you one- or two-shot every minor enemy.
I couldn't get into CK2 just because of how dense the gameplay mechanics were, especially after playing 600+ hours of Civ V. But if there were any game that could come close to the accuracy of a world Game of Thrones would offer, it would be that one.
That would probably make more sense in the long run. I don't know if management sees this team as possibly being competitive in the next season, but if they do, they can't do it with Boll taking up cap space.
The vas deferens doesn't have that many pain receptors around it. Men literally get vasectomies on their lunch breaks now because of how efficient the process has gotten, a simply polymer injection would be just as fast and painless, if not more so.
Why should we come at you when it looks like you two are about cum into each other?
You look like Rachel Maddow.
Or the second one where they jump from car to car and fight the Swedish Ghost twins on the freeway?
I'm feeling some good old fashioned couch RPGs, it's been a while since I've had a good one like Final Fantasy and I just want to rekindle that old turn-based combat spirit with a deep story. Any suggestions?
Let's just ask the witnesses! "I overheard her talking about going to a mountainous place where the population ranks in the second third and is known for its proud fur exports and cheese festivals." What the fuck man.
"WHO'S CARMEN SANDIEGO" "ALSO WOULD YOU LIKE SOME CHOCOLATE"
From what I've heard, they've pulled a lot of people from different projects all over the company to work exclusively on this game. I expect the development team to vastly outnumber previous games.
Teams in need of a veteran that can put up 40 points still, that's not exactly a short list. Someone will want him.
Well, there are at least two VR rhythm games in development: Thumper - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytsbpjgmCmI NodNod - https://youtu.be/oZqyWeoD1vs I couldn't imagine playing a game like DDR with a headset on, though I suppose we never really imagined playing DDR in the first place ("a game with your *feet?!*") so stranger things have happened.
The problem I have with PG games (Meta: can we acronym them now? they've only been around for like a decade) is that they just try to sell themselves on the fact that they're PG games instead of fleshing out a world or a reason to do the things you're doing. They're fun, but they all feel like, "You're the good guy, go beat up the bad guy" and they've gotten stale.
There's no way that would've happened. The DNC could've won 2008 with Lincoln Chaffee, because the Republicans had to ride George W. Bush's leagacy and the public finally turned on him with the market collapse.
I meant more as a commonplace mainstream idea, but you're right. Back then it was easier to construct planned out areas and clear A-to-B objectives than to have everything be generated, so we didn't see many PGGs as we do now.
I really want Scooby Wright to pan out just for his name alone.
The Cincinnati Cyclones won the Kelly Cup a few years back, and the Columbus Crew won the MLS Cup. So, really we've been over this, "lol Ohio chokes at everything" hump for a while now, just need it to catch up with the big leagues.
When did Kopitar get his contract?
Hold out for better deals. Like, it's clear that we couldn't move Tyutin, Johnson, or Hartnell at the trade deadline because none of the offers "blew away" Jarmo. At this point, it has to be done in order to re-sign our RFA's, and we're just not going to get a high second or a package of picks and prospects the way we ought to because everyone knows our plight. The same goes for 3OA. If we can any good combination of cap space relief by dumping terrible contracts, get a good package of picks, a good prospect, and/or an impact player on a good contract, the Jackets should take it. Poolparty is going to be a great player, but I look at our current prospect pool and it's absolutely stacked with talent and there's just no room for them because of the guys we have up top taking up room that they shouldn't be in the first place (Clarkson, Campbell, Boll, others). I feel like there are going to be good, competitive offers made for the pick and we're not going to take it because "it's not good enough" when it absolutely could be.
Oh, fuck. Yeah he is absolutely getting max contract and there's no debate.
PGGs then.
Five comments about the system and *nobody* mentioned Splatoon?
Gnarly
I have to imagine that Valve would only approve certain projects from developers that have business plans and other things to make it a less riskier investment, because they're sure as hell not going to give two guys in a garage $50K and hope it'll make them triple.
That's a hell of a haul for Johnson and Forsberg. I think the Tyutin trade is a little much for what we got in return. Really wish that Hartnell trade didn't happen especially since he got flipped to Florida for more. Overall not bad!
I feel like we'd be getting Bennett and 6OA if we traded Hartnell and 3OA. And the Flames won't be doing that.
That incident was insane. Always an eerie feeling when a crowd of 10,000+ go silent, and only the voice of the commentators to try to get sense of what was happening. Good thing Peverly was OK!
Majestic as fuck.
Aye, fuck the Steelers.
Kind of depends on where you go. If you stick to the Lexington/Louisville/NKY triangle, you'll generally be treated like a normal person. Same if you venture to a more tourist-centric area like Red River Gorge, Mammoth Cave, and so forth. Go to some random town of 500-1000 people where the nearest grocery store is like 30 minutes away and then you may have some looks. There are a few other towns that carry a bad reputation but it's so rare in general.
There's the park near UC. It's not quite flat, but it's also not Mount Adams level hills.
I believe she was the community manager of the Mighty No. 9 boards. She was known for being vitriolic on Twitter, particularly towards males, and (I think this was the case, but if not please correct me) I believe that she had a friendly relationship, possibly romantic, with a member of the staff and that's how she got the job in the first place. But her attitude didn't get her fired or warned and she was basically allowed to oversee the community with an iron fist.
Eh, I wouldn't go that far. I've backed projects that eventually never saw the light of day. That's the risk with Kickstarter and you're told as you make the choice to back the project.
The one takeaway from Konami for me as a rhythm game fan is that they haven't completely abandoned their music games. However, they've been dicks to their Western fans for over a decade so it's difficult for fans in the Midwest to get access to said games. Any attempts they've made to appeal to us have been half-assed and rushed, so in order to get a full experience, you need to go to a Round One which could be 8+ hours away, or go to a convention where Tokyo Attack or KDog's Arcade may be. Rhythm gamers saw this coming from a mile away.
I don't know of anyone that uses it, but Twitch's VOD isn't fantastic either. I like Youtube for VOD and Twitch for live stuff, they're just good at doing their respective things and seeing as how it's two different companies I have no problem with that.
We /r/nba now.
Don't know why you got downvoted. Stamkos in a Leafs jersey would go on literally everything and people would buy it.
Right. My point is that there are plenty of teams that need the defensive help and have the cap space to afford him (or at least most of it). It's not unreasonable to think that we could get a mid-round pick for him, better if we retain some salary.
Once in high school I had a romantic fallout with a female ex-friend of mine. Of course this fallout happened in front of her best friend, who kept chiming in with "say it again fucker say it again" over and over. I called her bluff and she threw a bottle of coke at me. I deflected the bottle, which burst open and smacked my ex-friend in the face, splattering coke all over her. Neither of them did anything after that.
Alternately, "I'm going to call corporate on *you!*" Good luck, we're all counting on you.
*Popstar* hasn't even made $10 Million yet? If you people like *This is Spinal Tap,* you'd probably enjoy that, too.
More like the price we paid for Horton getting blindsided by a degenerate back.
If you like board games, Kingmakers!
Seattle will probably get theirs next. Carolina is rumored to be relocating, and it's almost certain that when that happens they'll move to Quebec. Seattle then acquires a team and the league has an even 32 teams, 16/16.
We can package him with 3OA.
I dunno, good hockey town and essentially a max salary? Opportunity to play with/mentor a once-in-a-generation talent like Eichel? Up and coming team? That sounds like a good recipe to lure in a top player if you ask me.
I just don't know how Detroit will be able to afford it given the situation with Datsyuk. Would they be willing to trade the farm to dump that contract?
Well then shit. Fuck you, NHL.
Why did they hate it? It's just about universally loved by critics and audiences alike. It's probably a trilogy of films that'll be broadcast on TV and sell physical/digital copies for decades. An instant classic!
That's why I see this entire season as a turning point for just about all the characters. * Jon Snow gets a victory after years of defeat, despite his courage. * Sansa has matured enough to be a tough diplomat, not afraid of getting what she wants after years of being told that it was just going to be handed to her and the harsh reality of what that actually means. * Dany finally has the dragons completely under control, her armies, her fleet, and is ready to come back to Westeros. * Arya is now a badass assassin and is ready to finish her list, having gone through the hardships and learning through the Hound and the Faceless Men. * Cersei's control is completely falling apart. * Shit is actually happening with Bran. I mean, for all I know they'll all be dead in Episode 10. But this has been a very eventful season.
But really an escalator can never break, it can only become stairs. Sorry for the convenience. -Mitch Hedberg
That's *kind of* the case in Cincinnati. It goes alongside the University campus and the major hospitals, and on one side there's a bunch of college rental homes and the other side it's a semi-rough neighborhood. It's not spectacular for settling down but it's not necessarily the worst part of town, either.
I was a pharmacy tech for a major retail chain nine years. I despised it, but had no better opportunities up until a few months ago, even to the point where I took a risk and went back to school for the sole purpose of getting out of it. Here are the highlights: * Constantly on your feet, going from end to end getting things done. I believe once in an eight hour shift I clocked in five miles when I tried wearing a pedometer. * Constant harassment from customers. I could go for days about how difficult customer service is, but most of the people here would already feel that pain. Now add controlled substances and third party payers to the equation. I worked the front end of the store as well, and while I would say the complaints aren't quite as petty (because, let's face it, this is medicine we're talking about), I would say that it's orders of magnitude worse in severity. Insurance says something is too early? That's an argument. Insurance has a high deductible? Well, you're just not doing your job right apparently and certainly not because I didn't read the terms of my insurance plan. Doctor won't authorize refills? You simply don't care. Percocet is a week too early to be refilled? What are you talking about/I dropped in in my toilet/It got stolen but I have no police report/"Well, here's the thing..." and every other excuse I heard a million times. It goes on and on. And the company's structure of getting the people out the door quicker and quicker doesn't help for error% or quality service at all. * Oh, and retail pharmacies are notoriously under-budgetted. In my store, we ended up having eight people doing the work of twelve, spread out of the course of an entire day. And our numbers kept going up. * Contacting third party payers is awful. They're just about all outsourced to India, and hardly any of them have any incentive to get something done quickly. You're on hold for ten minutes to begin with, then another five minutes to get your store's information to them, then another five minutes to get the thing you need done. And then there's four or five more you have to do. * Contacting doctors is also terrible. Most of the time, they want you to fax something, which is fine, but a lot of the time they simply don't get back to you. And when you call them to get their act together and do something, they tell you to fax them. When you tell them you've faxed them, there's usually a bullshit excuse like they didn't get it or we must have the wrong fax number despite the fact that it's stored in a corporate server and they've been in practice for over a decade. Then when they finally get off their high horse after a week of trying to get something for one of their patients, they get all passive aggressive about it. * Corporate pharmacy chains are fucking garbage, they price gouge everything left and right, are willing to let millions of patients go if they don't get a steal of a deal with insurance companies, then buy up all the independent pharmacies and smaller chains just to claim more market share. They also are willing to slash budgets to the point where it's a health concern for patients in terms of the rise in pharmacy errors over the last decade. My point is, the retail pharmacy industry is stupid in every way. If you can do it, I highly recommend going to a locally owned independent pharmacy and put that money back into your local economy. Community pharmacists are more inclined to help than a retail pharmacist drowning in work. They may not have a fancy drive thru window or be open 24 hours, but at least the decisions about your health care are being handled by the guy behind the counter and not by some finance guru a thousand miles away. EDIT: Shoutout to /r/talesfromthepharmacy, a great board for where I can relive the stupidity of it all.
"Ctrl + F, meteor" No responses. Well, shit.
Crab fishing. Potentially making tens of thousands of dollars in exchange for a few weeks of grueling and dangerous work, often times 24 hour shifts.
Definitely the funniest. It's a shame that it hasn't gotten the box office return warranted by the reviews.
It was an OK show, but nothing memorable. Probably the most memorable part is the beginning where they literally make a baby robot by building it like an IKEA furniture set. I don't remember anything after that except for the random Britney Spears song put in during the climactic fight scene, probably because the studio had the license to the song and had to use it or lose it. I *guess* I would recommend it if you have easy access to it, but I wouldn't expect anything groundbreaking. It was a typical mid-2000's computer animated movie, though on the better end of the spectrum for sure.
Well yeah, it's *720 hours long.* You're making $1.39/hour. At my rate, I would need like $12,000 to make it work.
In all honesty, I would've liked it a lot more if they upped the sex ante to a more realistic tone, even as a guy. They should've made it an NC-17 movie and thrown all the rules out the window. As it stands, it's a poorly written story with barely enough sex to drive the plot forward the way the book allegedly does. But whatever. They'll release the sequels on Valentine's Day again and I'm going to get dragged to it by my wife.
I don't really think much would change, to be honest. It would probably be a more unbalanced home/away with Western Conference teams just like the Eastern Conference has, and likewise the East will have a more balanced version with the two game swing.
I had no idea they were involved in the body/hair care industry. Jesus, they're just way too fucking huge to be around.
At the very least it's better than lugging around books and/or a laptop, but it's a shame that Examsoft wouldn't port their software over to Android or even a Windows platform so you can make your own platform choice. Did you at least get some sort of student discount out of it?
That's been my attitude with EA since Mass Effect 3. Yeah, they've been just fine without my money, but it's part of a system as a whole. Make them work for you.
UAA
Because they probably know they're in the wrong and it's going to take TB much longer than 3 days to come up with the tens of thousands of unique keys deemed stolen.
That's actually not terrible, but I'm sure Arizona wants a player that's at least had a few years under their belt rather than an extra third and moving up four spots (unless they wanted to package their firsts to move up).
OK. What would it take for someone to take Clarkson from us?
The way I see it, the DNC has to make it up to me somehow. It depends on how close they get to Bernie's platform for me to vote for them. If they hardly budge, I'm not voting for Clinton. If they do, I will. Simple as that. I can't keep rewarding corruption like this.
I'm sick of people saying 10/10 is "perfect." It's not, or at least it shouldn't be. A 10/10 should mean you thoroughly enjoyed it from start to finish, that even the little nitpicky flaws are debatable or at least not a noteworthy concern. It's so good, it made you feel something while you were watching it (in this case, I felt anxious leading up to the battle and a very suffocating feeling during it, with Ozymandias I felt more or less the same thing as Hank met his death and Walt finally got cornered into sacrificing his empire), and it should stick with you long after you've watched it. I'd put Battle of the Bastards and Ozymandias on the same rating for sure, but you can still say one was better than the other. Both are worthy of 10's.
Watch the poor people *all wait for busses!*
"I spent $5 million to get a chance to own an NHL team and all I got was this lousy T-Shirt!"
I believe that's the Army's team name in their college sports? Probably wouldn't be great PR to rub alongside that.
Oh man, that's a relief. I felt so demoralized last night winning like 60% of my games and ending up in Prospect 3. I was Challenger I Division V at the end of last season.
Since you're here, did you guys change the boost at all? I feel like I'm running out of it a little sooner than last season.
15k? Pppph, filthy casual. /s
Kerby Rychel
Las Vegas 4 AM Cocaine Benders
Don't the islanders have a lease in that arena?
Ugh, you had to mention Armageddon and now I got that god-awful Aerosmith song stuck in my head. That was one of the worst parts of the 90's that has thankfully gone downhill for the most part--movie studios would get together with record labels/radio stations and spam the crap out of whatever mainstream song was "inspired by the movie" and it'd be out for the whole summer, you couldn't get away from it. And while Aerosmith and Celine Dion take the cake for worst songs due to oversaturation, Will Smith was the king of it, because just about every one of his late 90's/early 2000's movies had a song to go with it. Even that one song from *Jerry McGuire* makes me hate that movie. We still get it from time to time but thankfully it's a trend that consumers caught on to.
It would have to involve some sort of salary dump, though. A bonafide 1C costs a lot, or if they're young then it'll be expensive in a few years and we'd have to do it anyway.
LAS VEGAS TBDS VERSUS THE MONTREAL CANADIENS IT'S A WEDNESDAY NIGHT RIVALRY
Because it's the off season, there's nothing else to talk about, and we're sure as hell not getting any work done right now.
NO TAKE BACKS!
I don't need to look at the GDTs, I just have to go to a Reds game when the Cardinals come to town.
I've thought about how much money we *don't* have to pay the guy.
"Adulting" to me came pretty recently, with buying a new house. It's a lot easier to say "adulting" than it is to say, "We saw a home multiple times and worked with a realtor to get a good price and a bank to get the home with a good mortgage, then spent a month and a half collecting paper work while doing our full-time jobs, then packing everything out of our apartment and moving it to our new home over the course of two weeks only to realize that we needed to buy a bunch of stuff for the new place and go through the motions then. Oh, and we're getting married in a month."
I don't even know if I'll put in four hours into this game. Too much of it pisses me off. The frame drops on Wii U piss me off. The voice acting pisses me off. The level design pisses me off. The graphics piss me off. What a massive disappointment, if I had bought this on Steam I would've returned it by now.
Doesn't count unless you use the bacon mod.
Does Rovio plan on creating a new IP? Will Angry Birds have collaborations with other brands (like they did with Star Wars, etc.)? Now that the movie is out, what other plans does the company have to expand the Angry Birds brand?
A game like this doesn't even need high budget assets in the first place. And if that's where the money went, it sure as hell doesn't look like it. It looks like a early-to-mid-era PS2 game.
That's the one time I'm OK with people being on their phones in a theater, and I'm sure 95% of all moviegoers agree. But once those trailers come up, you gotta put 'em down.
Probably to deal with the servers. I checked my wish list twice and the second time there were updated listings. Stay tuned.
That's exactly what it was. The organization couldn't afford to carry Horton on LTIR since they didn't insure the contract and get another player in his place. Clarkson was the only--painful--option.
I could see something like 6 years at 5M AAV, seems like 6.5M AAV is a lot even for a guy like Jones.
He got injured last season, and there are rumors that he may end up going on LTIR himself. If that happens, his contract *is* insured, so the organization wouldn't be on the hook for that.
The organization was huge on getting Werenski signed and then sent to Cleveland, and the fact that he dominated shows that he's going to have an immediate impact. Bjorkstrand is looking to crack the lineup as well. Steal of the 2014 draft for sure.
I mean, if you want to give up a quality player, some high picks, and take on Clarkson's contract, I'm sure Jarmo would arrange something.
&gt;Maybe more of a dome over the whole head area connected to the shoulder pads, so the area could be used for impact, but never sharply to the head The more I think about this, the more I imagine it looking like The Juggernaut from X-Men. And the more I'm on board with that.
I don't like any of these.
Well yeah, Mega Man 9 was intended to look like an NES game, there was no secret there. Mighty No 9 was marketed as high visual in your face action.
Or even better, why not just have like a two-week "grace period" where if a game is purchased then goes on sale within two weeks, your account is automatically credited for the difference? I'm betting the developers/publishers don't see the money earned from Steam in that time frame anyway. That way, Valve gets to essentially keep your money but you get a better value for your purchase without having to constantly check and refund and rebuy.
Seems like it has a lot of holes in it.
Kentucky is by far the least worrisome of the southern states. At least I would've said that until Matt Bevin got elected governor and decided to fuck all the shit up.
Eating disorder where you intentionally make yourself throw up anything you eat because you feel disgusted by how fat you are (even if you're not fat).
The Browns have just as good of odds as winning the Super Bowl as Toronto did winning the Cup last season. Not gonna happen.
We're going to have a pool party!
In 6th Grade Gym Class, we played a game called "Hoccer," a mixture of hockey and soccer. Basically it was roller hockey without skates and sticks, or to put it in a better light, soccer with a ball 1/5 the size of a regular soccer ball. Pretty sure she hated us.
Let's see, I was 15 at the time, so probably Magic: The Gathering cards.
Send a fax to me, I'll find out.
"HEY COLUMBUS I GOT THE BEST TRADE IDEA FOR YOU: YOU GIVE US 3RD OVERALL AND HARTNELL, WE'LL GIVE YOU OUR MID-TO-LATE FIRST, A 3RD LINE CENTER, A B-LEVEL PROSPECT, AND A THIRD ROUND PICK. SOUNDS GOOD?" JESUS FUCK I'VE HEARD A MILLION TERRIBLE OFFERS. Y'ALL ACT LIKE WE'RE DESPERATE.
Why couldn't Tyutin just be flipped for a mid-to-late round pick? There are teams still looking for defensemen, and if he's playing 2nd/3rd pairing minutes you could certainly do a lot worse.
That'd be a fantastic trade because I'm high on Chychurn, but there's no way in hell Arizona takes that deal.
Yeah but Strome was just drafted last season, and he had a better season in juniors last season than the year before (comparatively). Something tells me they're not ready to part ways with him. He's just as NHL-ready as Poolparty.
BEST TRADE I'VE HEARD YET
"I hate sand..."
Makes sense if people don't think Jon running Winterfell as acceptable due to "not being a real Stark," nor Sansa because she's a woman. Politically, they could revive Rickon and have him run Winterfell ^^^^and ^^^^be ^^^^useful ^^^^for ^^^^^once
/r/bluejackets has been playing a drinking game, "take a drink everytime someone comes in with a trade offer or a rumor gets spread more." We've been drunk since Monday.
Why would we go "off the board?" If Poolparty isn't available, take Laine. If you don't want either, just rob Calgary and use 6OA to get who you want.
Too much uncertainty at G. McBackup is serviceable but wouldn't do well as a #1. Korpisalo and Forsberg had bright spots last season but not to the point where I feel anyone thinks they're ready. Bobs is by and far the best option we have going into next season. Value-wise, I think an extra pick would need to be given up by Calgary to make it work, possibly a 2nd/3rd.
I feel pretty, and witty, and
Not bad, but not great. I think it's just because of the writing, because he doesn't really get a chance to play the role better than, say, Michael Fassbender who plays a very good Magneto. If the plot and character development were handled better in *First Class*, I think we'd have more respect for him in the set up. In *Days of Future Past*, he's overshadowed by Hugh Jackman and Peter Dinklage. *Apocalypse* is just a mess from a character development standpoint.
Star Wars: Episode II
And so ends my affiliation with the Democratic Party.
Jarmo: Great drafter, awful trader.
Since 2004.
That's what she said.
THE RIDE NEVER ENDS
Domata Peko was already my favorite Bengal because of his tough work ethic, his fun-loving attitude, and generally being a cool guy to the fans. Also his hair is majestic. But then I saw him at the Less Than Jake/Reel Big Fish show last time they were in town and that absolutely cemented it for me.
I'd have to imagine that the front office would at least go to every other team first and see if they could fish a 7th or a low-tier prospect out of him before waiving him, though. Boll's stats just aren't good any way you slice it, so I can't see any team biting even if they need "grit."
What's Merkel's favorability right now? Has it been consistent since entering office?
That's a lot of hardware, and at a near point-per-game output, means he's pretty significant. He's beloved among fans, good ambassador to the game. I don't know if leaving to go play in Russia will impact him getting in first-ballot or not, but I can't find a reason for him to not be in ever.
How is *American Ultra?* I wanted to see it in theaters but the very mixed reviews kept me home.
I was watching some of the older episodes, and he even admits it in some. I think it was some Adam Sandler movie he said he had like 7 beers before going into the movie and had another couple while watching it. It doesn't shock me. Wisconsin loves their beer (and Spotted Cow is so good I wish we could get it in Ohio)!
I don't know how he likes this and *X-Men*, but *Civil War* was "boring, too much punching, C+."
Usually after two watches I have an idea of where the movie is. I couldn't imagine watching a movie a third time to make sure if I liked it or not.
"AS PER CLUB POLICY, TERMS ARE NOT ANNOUNCED." Five minutes later it's on Twitter. Like what's the point.
That's very mid-90's marketing there.
Take all the poop and do the "flaming paper bag full of poop trick."
As counter-intuitive as it sounds, you should work Mondays. It has the most holidays in a standard schedule, so if your pharmacy closes on major holidays you'll essentially work less overall.
We used to have this growing up. My mom would throw in an onion and a can of tuna instead of eggs, and we'd have it with pasta sauce.
Even if I had all the money in the world, I would still want to cook for myself every now and then. I'm not the best cook, but I find it very therapeutic and fun. If anything, it'd give me more free reign to cook things that I wouldn't be able to now with better equipment and ingredients!
I don't see how *Bloodstained* or *Yooka-Laylee* are damaged by *Mighty No. 9* at all. For one, both of those games are long-since funded and have nothing to do but get the game developed and out the door. If anything, *MN9* helps these games, because they get to see what went wrong with the launch and what to do to prevent buyer's remorse from taking over the quality of their product. If those two games come out, and they're good, people will forget about this debacle.
I gave up after four years and went back to school. Granted this was 2008-12 and after graduating and finding a job that's at least marginally better I'd consider that a success.
/r/beermoney
Really depends on the game, and the staff.
That silver looks badass.
I had completely forgotten about this story. Can anyone give me a refresher?
I'm expecting a good show. I don't know if it's going to be better than Episode 7, and something tells me it won't because they want the numbered movies to be the driving force, but it's going to be good. Disney's not fucking around with this franchise.
Obi-wan: Use the force, Luke... Luke: I'M GONNA FORCE A DOOKIE OUT HRRRRNNNNNNGGGG LOOK AT THE HOMOSEXUAL I BET HE'S GONNA FIND A DUDE TO BANG ::Deathstar blows up, dildos float in space::
What game was this? I'd like to check it out.
Hopefully it doesn't end up being like *Angry Birds* and mostly irrelevant by the time it releases.
I was really hoping that *Swiss Army Man* would've gotten a bigger release. As of now there's only one theater in my area playing it and I fear that a lot of areas aren't going to have the luxury of one that will play smaller release features.
You should bring it up again. A lot happens in two years, I mean sure Valve's customer service is still shit but at least now they give refunds. Couldn't hurt to kick tires, y'know?
In 37 games over two seasons he's 2-10-12. He fared much better in the AHL going 6-21-27 in 37 games this season, but I think the problem with him is that, pure and simple, he's not a goal scorer. I imagine he's going to end up being a 3rd line role with a good center to feed the puck to, but he still needs to grow it seems. Doesn't justify the trade still. He's only 21, and could have a huge breakout year. We should've kept him for this season or at least have packaged him with Tyutin/Hartnell.
That's a slick logo. They should that Arizona design as a third some day.
Manny Malhotra couldn't get you a point, but man if you ever needed to win a faceoff at a critical moment, there was nobody better in the business.
At some point we have to stop voting like this, though. Our major parties should be competing for our vote, we shouldn't have to willingly give it to them just because. I don't trust anyone other than Sanders and the Third Parties right now, so if Clinton wants my vote, she needs to earn it.
It's not about positions, it's also about trust. I should trust my political party into letting its members make the most democratic represented decisions and people as possible, and when they turn the tables on voter registration, voter suppression, media/political collusion, and alleged election fraud, it ruins that trust. There's going to be blemishes in every party and system but the DNC were not shy about how they did this primary season nor are they shy about saying, "you lost now shut up and vote for us with no concessions." It's my vote, country comes before party. I will use my vote in the way that I think will better the country the best, and right now the Democrats are not earning that vote.
That's an incredible amount of free time to waste just to be a dick to someone.
The fact that we're not mapping asteroids in close proximity to Earth, and one of them could very easily wipe out life on the planet and we wouldn't know about it until it was too late to do anything about it.
That's the thing I don't get about Tyutin. Sure, he's getting old and he's not quite as nimble as he used to be, but he's still a good puck handler and has good advanced stats. I wouldn't expect a high pick for him alone, even with salary retained, but if he's on your team playing 2nd/3rd pairing minutes, you could do much, much worse.
I honestly wouldn't mind that. I feel like he'd have more freedom to get the things he wanted during his presidency done without congress being a dick, and he'd be a good stop gap for many wedge issues that keep polluting the court.
You know what, that's fair. Definitely not immediately, but if Obama does things to be more qualified for the job a decade down the road, we could do worse.
Sounds like we could head to arbitration. They'll give him term but no way they'll give him the AAV.
I trust aggregates. I usually trust Rotten Tomatoes scores, Reddit scores, and Metacritic to get a consensus view. This is also great to avoid spoilers.
Having worked in the healthcare industry, the ACA made things a lot easier for consumers than times before it. It's not perfect, but better.
I could've sworn J.J. Hoover's ERA was a thousand instead of 4.54.
Hey now, Bengals are going to be Kings of the North again. If there are any Cincinnati teams that need your pity, it's the Reds and their dumpster fire bullpen.
You should try the HD version. It has faster sailing (though I personally didn't have a problem with it in the original) and less Triforce pieces to get at the end.
Offer sheet rules are just there to prevent teams from hoarding UFAs from other teams. The cost is just too great in terms of losing draft picks. So while the *threat* is there, it's unlikely that anybody would make an offer that we simply wouldn't match. It's just /r/hockey trying to stir up conversations during the offseason. There's not much else going on, so while it's annoying to hear speculation about it, we'd be doing the same for Stamkos speculation threads if we were a team in the running for him.
TWENTY GAME SUSPENSION
Yes, but in the stages of photosynthesis, water is first converted into oxygen and hydrogen atoms: H2O -&gt; O2 + 2H. That oxygen is what is released into the environment, and the hydrogen atoms go on to make glucose with the introduction of carbon dioxide: 6CO2 + 12H -&gt; C6H12O6. So while the chemical equation states that plants convert CO2 into O2, it's technically not how it works from a biological standpoint.
We still have the plotlines revolving around Sam and the Brotherhood Without Banners. There's definitely some unresolved story with The Hound and to a certain extent The Mountain. Bran is almost certainly going to get a lot of screen time now that his plotline is rolling along. Melisandre is almost certainly not done yet. The Iron Bank is going to have a play in this somehow, too, with all the money owed to them. I'm very positive that any grand battle like Everyone Vs. White Walkers, or North Vs. South, or Dany Vs. Cersei, will be a whole episode each. 13 doesn't seem like enough. I feel like they're going to try and stretch things out to 20 episodes, likely one or two "what happens after the books" episodes or perhaps a prequel episode.
Exactly. Nintendo had to do the gigantic advertising and in-your-face product placement back in the 80's and 90's, when gaming was just coming out of the crash and back into living rooms across the planet. They also took great care in making their games memorable. They don't need to do the huge marketing anymore, because times have changed and people still remember that Nintendo games tend to be of high quality. Online marketing is cheaper than traditional marketing. Make a few YouTube videos, a few billboards, some physical giveaways, and people share them all on their Twitter and Facebook pages. There's no need for them to partner with Mountain Dew or buy a million dollar TV deal.
Seriously, I like a little bit of trash talk and will be happy to trade them with any Steelers fan, but don't insult the person or make them feel unwelcome. Don't waste your beer on them, either, I fucking hate it when people buy a $8 beer and then dump it on another person because football.
Not to take anything away from Decaf, but I'd like to see them running a game native to Wii U. Shovel Knight's basically on every console.
Don't forget that America and Europe got *Secret of Evermore,* which was sort of a *Secret of Mana* spiritual sequel and wasn't released in Japan, despite being a good game.
I believe that puts us under the cap, assuming no free agent acquisitions, right?
THE EXTRA $400K GOES AGAINST MY BUDGETING ABILITIES
Boll was a fan favorite and had been pretty loyal to the franchise. The management decided to award with with those by means of player contract instead of something that could've been more valuable, like a marketing contract.
Seriously, it's like people forget that our AHL affiliate is fucking stacked with draft picks from the last two or three years. Our youth should have gained enough experience in the last year to make a splash this season. Whether or not that translates into a playoff appearance is unknown, but we just really need to ride the lightning and let time take its course while a few contracts expire to get the few remaining pieces in free agency in a season or two.
I'd much rather do that than buy him out.
Injury Land 2014-15 certainly didn't help.
That's the optimal solution. I can tolerate handling some dead cap for a few seasons versus four seasons with Tyutin. Boll should definitely get waived, though. Hartnell shouldn't come with salary retained, though. He's playing for his contract.
Richards meltdown, new coaching change, Bob pulling his groin again, Foligno coming back to Earth, Jones/Johansen trade. I think the locker room was hoping that they could ride the momentum of last season and when it didn't happen they kind of gave in.
Big take away here is that we don't *have* to relieve cap space to be compliant in the new season. We can ride the lightning with what we have and if someone wants Hartnell/Tyutin, we have a little more leverage. Of course, now we can't sign any free agents, but whatever.
That's reasonable.
I mean there's only so many ways you can draw a dragon, which is one of the symbols of China to begin with. It looks different enough to me that this is a non-story.
Hollywood is all about trying to revive old franchises. The Lone Ranger, Ben Hur, Planet of the Apes, etc. They either want to get that Baby Boomer nostalgia back or hook new audiences on old ideas. The first time I saw news about this movie happening, I thought, "Who the fuck wants to see a Tarzan movie?" I imagine many people thought the same.
Some, but not enough. While the curvature of the spine is similar, the top and the back of the head are definitely different. The forehead has different numbers and degrees of hair/scales coming out of it, too. I see the similarities at the mouth, jaw, and tongue. I agree it probably wouldn't hold up in an American court but the styles themselves are different enough for me to not care.
OK everyone, we need to upvote this to get it /r/all again!
He's like a fucking albatross though, so he doesn't need to be fast and he knows it.
Hi! I Kickstarted your game, it looks great and I can't wait to get my hands on it. My question's about Spanish gaming. I'm a dual-citizen Spanish-American and spent quite a few summers when I was a kid in Spain with my uncle and cousins playing games pretty much nonstop; there always seemed to be a market there for that thing--from arcades to Internet cafes to game stores in general--and it was great. I was shocked that as the Internet grew, there didn't seem to be a lot of mainstream development teams coming from Spain, though most of Europe seems to be represented in gaming development. And while Spanish indie development has been rising in recent years, I can't name a major developer from Spain that will go on to make a AAA game. Why is that?
Totally forgot about Commandos! What an amazing game.
Really wish we could've traded with some salary retained and gotten an asset out of it. Can't believe nobody took them up on it.
That's not on fire.
Eyeballs.
In the pharmacy I used to work at, we would always always always tell people to not take expired medication. Why? Well, liability of course, but 99% of the time they're opened bottles that are moved multiple times in uncontrolled environments handled by multiple people, as opposed to a temperature- and moisture-controlled environment that probably didn't exchange too many hands or rooms in a pharmacy or hospital. An Epi-Pen is probably fine in this regard because they're sealed containers until used, and yeah the potency is down but even at 90% it's still way better than nothin. An orange vial of blood thinners that have sat in a bathroom medicine cabinet for six years? Probably not.
I think the "Airborne Blue Jackets" is the most prolific picture in CBJ history, so I'm going to break from the crowd here and say that. They didn't clinch a playoff spot in that game, but you could tell just by the sheer energy of the team and the crowd that this team was something special. And I completely agree with your statement about keeping the arts in schools. Honestly, it's funding of schools in general as well as the management thereof. We're wasting money on stupid things like ID cards and more-than-necessary security systems, and trying to outperform each other in athletics, instead of investing that kind of money into good after school programs LIKE THE ARTS, quality teachers and staff, and overall a more friendly environment. I'm glad at least that schools are shaping up their cafeteria systems and offering healthy choices as opposed to frozen stuff (especially since the cost difference isn't too significantly different), but schools have a long way to go before we can be competitive with the world again.
OK, NHL GM's. It's time for you to slow this shit down. We can't have all these trades, contract signings, etc. lumped into one or two days. You gotta spread them out over the next few months otherwise we're going to have nothing to talk about in August and September.
oui baguette
Ah yes, Season 5. Come for the plot development, stay for the bad pussy.
Oh there is no way we buy out Clarkson. We would hardly save anything on his contract and be on the hook cap-wise for six seasons. Only options are trade or, if the rumors are true, LTIR. http://www.generalfanager.com/buyouts/620
Glad someone is. Hopefully the rest of them start to follow suit.
Off topic, but how was Provorov this season? I know the Jackets were kinda sort of interested in trading up to get him, but the asking price was too high and it looks like we got a stud in Werenski.
I meant that in terms of shock value.
I'll abstain. That's really going to fuck up the percentages.
Never thought I'd see Little Nemo in a discussion like this.
Back when I worked at a pharmacy, we had the loveliest elderly lady ever. She was pleasant, never a hassle, knew what she wanted/needed, and even took the time to bake for us some times. One time when I was ringing her out she brought up the economy, and after chatting for a bit, she casually told me that, "Well, you'll have your pension some day!" If there's anyone in my generation that's ever going to get a pension, I'd be floored.
I got nothing against Yates, but did anybody even want to see a Tarzan movie in the first place? This is a studio thing for sure.
I can see a veteran on a 1 year 1 million deal just for depth, but really a lot of the kids are ready to go. I'd rather they save the cash and go with what they have.
That's All Star Captain MVP John Scott to you!
Torts put it best here: &gt;“He’s a good pro,” Tortorella said of Boll. “He’s had a year where he hasn’t been in the lineup a whole bunch and he’s handled himself very well. You can see when he scored how our bench reacted. He’s an easy guy to cheer for." We all wanted Boll to do well with us, it just wasn't going to happen. But he was a grinder, a team player, and wasn't afraid to get out there and cause trouble.
Oh man, if that's the case then just ride him out for the year and leave him unprotected in the draft. If I'm a team just starting out and a guy of his skill is available, I'd pretty much have to take him. Saves a protection spot, too, and Buffalo has tons of good young talent.
PK Subban and Shea Weber were the faces of their franchises, Subban in particular. The guy is young, dynamic, and plays a very aggressive kind of hockey. Weber is probably more calculating and less reckless, but he's still an elite defenseman, too. The stats more or less point to Subban &gt; Weber. Now here's the kicker. PK Subban is 27, and carries a $9 million cap hit (money that goes against the salary cap) until the 2021-22 season. Shea Weber's cap hit is $7.85 million until the 2025-26 season. He's also 30. So you have high value players but there's so much less risk involved with Subban because his contract is for four seasons less, but Weber will be 40 by the time his contract runs out. Going back to the off-the-ice issue, both of the players are class acts, but more recently Subban, who pledged a $10 million donation to a local children's hospital. And not only that, but he's very well known to make random visits and is adored by the public not only for this but just for being a great guy in general. This is Montreal, where people are crazy about hockey. Weber has his own projects, too, but coming from a smaller media market we don't hear a whole lot about it. So there wasn't really a smart reason as to why this deal was made. Montreal Canadiens fans are just pissed and rightfully so.
I'd like Werenski - Savard. Get Johnson some 3rd pairing minutes, because I think a lot of his issues are the fact that he plays 25+ minutes a game on a consistent basis.
Well, yeah. That's why you made the thread. :P
Nothing. Today, we get off Mr. NHL's Wild Ride.
Montreal Canadiens fans' rage this week.
THE RIDE NEVER ENDS
Unfortunately that's the drama that's going to be inherited for the rest of the offseason. Montreal still has a very solid team and could very well compete for a playoff appearance for the time being.
They've gotten very good at remastering these old timey photos.
I've been to OTR more times in the past two or three years than I did in the 27 years before that, way more. It used to be the total shithole death trap, now they're full of craft brews, tourist attractions, amazing restaurants, good clubs, and so much more. It's literally been night and day.
My question is, why is he wearing 99?
Douchebag.
I have cousins that are Cubs fans. I asked why so many Cubs fans will bother traveling down here even when both teams suck, and he responded, "Because we don't have anything else to do but be annoying to our division rivals." Even Cubs fans know that Cubs fans are annoying.
"Early 360 game" is being generous. It looks like a early-to-mid PS2/Xbox game.
