Maybe Oregon isn't a good fit for you.
Wanna go spelunking some time? }:)
I'm with the Predator on this one.
Nothing. It actually works better if nobody knows about it. The only reason you might tell somebody is if they are agonizing over existential stuff and you want to supply relief.
The butthurt is strong in this one
Given that what passes for an electric scooter in China is usually really an electric bicycle with body panels, this is a big step up for that price. Lithium batteries, a top speed that is suited for in-city use and it looks like a proper scooter. Too bad it'll be marked way up if it ever comes stateside.
We don't need this degenerate activity going on in our community. The church, I mean.
He isn't giving a bad image to Christianity, Christianity itself is a bad religion. You're just here to run damage control.
May the floods intensify such that they all drown. Nothing of value will be lost.
He's mistaken, but entitled to his opinion.
&gt;It cannot be argued that the occurrence is a construct of my mind. Oh? Watch this: The occurrence is a construct of your mind. There, I argued it.
I already did earlier, but you rejected it. That's not my problem. Climb into the trash please.
Not virally structured ones. Human beings are helpless meme repeaters and uniquely vulnerable to that sort of thing. It's like suggesting that the internet will one day be free of worms, botnets, malware, etc.
Just responding to the claim in the title tbh. If he means something else by it then nevermind.
There is sort of a soft bigotry of lowered expectations. So long as those Muslims aren't beheading anybody or blowing shit up, it's felt that they're doing as well as they possibly can.
Christians did this, I guarantee it. They will never tire of bullying gays. They are too numerous and influential to fight, so all decent people targeted by them for humiliation and ruin can do is pick up the pieces and try to get on with their lives.
Maybe with good reason. Retaliation can easily go too far, doesn't really fix the initial harm and just injects more suffering into the world. But at the same time, if centuries of heinous abuse can be carried out with zero consequences, where's the justice in that? It's not even a matter of punishing the sons for the sins of the father because Christians still commonly bully, discriminate against and otherwise humiliate gays.
What on earth are you talking about?
I think mostly just being unfamiliar with other religions' teachings.
what
Thanks to the NSA, comprehensive profiles exist on everybody who expresses remotely radical views about anything. The necessary data exists for identifying people who are aggressively anti gay for religious reasons. There's certainly grey area but I would be satisfied with targeting only the worst offenders. I think execution is arguably justified for such people, but professional ruination and exemption from welfare/food stamps would be satisfactory. Alternatively, perhaps 100 years of steep reparations.
According to the book of the people who killed them. According to Mein Kampf, Jews are also very, very bad.
"Be the change you want to see in the world"
So are we wrong to suppress Nazis in the modern day?
No I wouldnt say that, because being gay isn't wrong. Christians believe it is based on the teachings of their religion, but their religion is demonstrably false. It does not concern me that they can't be convinced of this, as it remains true regardless.
I understand how you feel but disagree. If at all possible I will nonetheless try to implement my preferred solution over your protestations.
http://www.haaretz.com/mobile/israel-to-seek-another-1b-euros-holocaust-in-reparations-from-germany-1.1739 http://www.timesofisrael.com/germany-increases-reparations-for-holocaust-survivors/ http://m.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-902528.html
Not until somebody throws dirt on me. The point where forgiveness might've been possible is a decade behind me. I will forever be a thorn in the side of Christians, seeking to return to them at least some small fraction of the suffering they have inflicted on others. I would do this tirelessly even if I were the only one. But increasingly I'm not.
Alright.
I love you too buddy
&gt;Then the centuries of brutality are irrelevant when deciding whether to punish modern Christians. Then anybody can get away with any crime however reprehensible, with zero consequences whatsoever, so long as they die of old age before it is possible to punish them. &gt;In your opinion, who should we punish, how do we find them, and what should the punishment be? Conversion into energy dense, clean burning biofuel via thermal depolymerization. Two birds, one stone! Wouldn't even have to kill 'em if you only take their jiggling rolls of fat, just make 'em pay for the lipo out of pocket. :) &gt;Taking money from individual Germans, such as the descendants of Nazis, is not. Because they are no longer Nazis. But, today's Christians *are* still Christians, so the comparison falls flat. &gt;Indeed - so what should we do about it that we're not already doing? Violence? Criminalising religion? Reparations would be fine, tbh. In the form of taxes on churches who have been outspokenly homophobic.
&gt;"a thread demanding the collective punishment of Christians" That was mine, I'm not an atheist. You just *assumed* it.
Your article concerns terrorism **only in the US and Europe** (not worldwide) and refutes the claim that all terrorists are Muslims, something I never said. Meanwhile here is a [direct link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_%28non-state%29_terrorist_incidents#1970.E2.80.93present) to the breakdown of attacks by year I was talking about. The one you said you visited and didn't find what I described. Here's [a screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/CsJVJEU.png) of the list of attacks for 2015. Here's [more of it](http://i.imgur.com/a7S3OlB.png), scrolled down. [Yet more of it](http://i.imgur.com/IO7i3PU.png). Notice the pattern? So in fact, what I said *is* true, and you're a liar.
They're still doing it though.
Into atheism, sure. I'd promote what I believe in but you've got to go through atheism to get there.
I tried to tell people this but was shouted down as anti-space, a pessimist, etc.
No. But I know you. Casually cruel to sweet, decent people. Powerless to do anything but pick up the pieces of their lives and try to move on after you've stomped them into the dirt. You carry on like that secure in the belief that you'll always be on top. Because right now, you're in the majority. [But the winds are changing](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/blurring-lines-decline-u-s-christianity-mirrors-larger-trends-n358066). Someday I will wade chest deep in your gore.
You're damn right I am.
"I am still...emperooorrraggggaregserrhbsrystg34f34" *disintegrates*
I am immeasurably relieved that your cat escaped without major injuries. And don't be so shocked, people will surprise you. They're not all great but nor are all or even most terrible. They really will surprise you, so be open to that.
Recommended viewing: www.kidnappedforchrist.com Then you can supply your justification for it. I will seriously entertain what you have to say.
It's been ~19 centuries, I think your 77 pardons were exhausted some time ago.
Nope. Here's why. Matthew 16:27-28: *"For the Son of Man is going to come in his Father’s glory with his angels, and then he will reward each person according to what they have done. Truly I tell you, some who are standing here will not taste death before they see the Son of Man coming in his kingdom.”* Christ predicted his second coming would occur very soon after his death. That never took place. Revelations was a metaphorical prediction of the fall of Rome, written as metaphor because Christians could not openly criticize Rome at the time for fear of persecution. Everywhere in the New Testament that Christ discusses his second coming, it is explicitly said to be imminent, not 2,000+ years later. *"…he was wrong. He clearly knew no more about the end of the world than anyone else. It is certainly the most embarrassing verse in the Bible."* —C. S. Lewis, The World’s Last Night and Other Essays (New York: Harcourt Brace &amp; Company, 1973), 98. (Post-conversion) **Pre-emptive answers to common objections:** 1. “No one knows the day or the hour” means that the date cannot be known precisely. However, that does not stop Jesus from repeatedly giving a general timeframe of several decades within which to expect his second coming. 2. It can't be interpreted to mean you and I as metaphorical apostles because he specifically says "some of you standing here", as in the people he was talking to at that time. The full context reinforces that, he was speaking to disciples who accompanied him to Caesar Phillipi who wanted to know how they would recognize the second coming. 3. It can't be interpreted as referring to the transfiguration because the events described in verse 27 don't happen at the transfiguration (Jesus, God and angels coming from the clouds, judging mankind according to their deeds). 4. Daniel's visions don't satisfy the claim either because while they depict seven apocalyptic creatures (representing kingdoms that ruled over the Jews up to that point) nowhere does Daniel's vision describe Christ's return. 5. The 666/616 gematria code known as the number of the Beast must mean Nero/Neron, because only that name fits both 666 (Nero) and 616 (Neron). Source: http://www.math.harvard.edu/~elkies/mp666.html. This is because the book of Revelations was intended to metaphorically describe the fall of Rome, in a time when Christians could not openly predict it. 6. It's true that some of the events Christ said must occur before his second coming have not yet occurred. However, submitting this as proof that Christ must have meant something else in the verses supplied above presupposes that he actually was clairvoyant, instead of simply being wrong about those predictions too, because he was a regular human being without the ability to see the future. 7. For those who say that no Christian tastes death but lives on forever, it is clear Christ meant bodily death by other verses wherein he tells his traveling companions which signs they may personally expect to witness as his second coming approaches. They, according to Christ, should anticipate those signs within their lifetimes and would know by those signs that his second coming was imminent. There are two deaths: bodily and spiritual. 8. Jesus’ resurrection does not fit the criteria supplied by the verse because he did not, on that occasion, “come in his Father’s glory with his angels, and reward each person according to what they have done.” By that description it’s clear he is referring to his second coming, as explored more thoroughly in Revelations. 9. “When Christ said some standing there would not taste death before witnessing his return, that isn’t the kind of death he meant.” But it is. Hence "taste". There are two deaths. The first bodily and the second spiritual. He's referring to the first (to merely taste, rather than to eat) as those saved in him will only briefly experience death before being resurrected. 10. He cannot have meant the destruction of Jerusalem because the events described (Christ coming in the clouds with God and angels, judging men according to what they had done) did not occur when Jerusalem fell. 11. “But Jesus performed miracles!” ….according to a book written by his devoted followers, used to convert more people to their religion. According to books written by Scientologists about L. Ron Hubbard, he was one of America's first nuclear physicists, a war hero and the greatest humanitarian ever to live. And the Qur'an says that Muhammad once split the moon in half by pointing at it, then rejoined the halves. Was Muhammad therefore a true prophet? 12. “How do you explain all those fulfilled prophecies?” Almost all of which are recorded in one book of the Bible, then recorded **after the fact** as having come true in a later book of the Bible. This is a very easy trick. Observe: In 1998 I predicted that on Sept. 11, 2001 planes would collide with the WTC towers. Amazing! How did I know that? Am I clairvoyant? This is also how Qur’anic prophecies work, although I assume you’d already figured that out, just not applied it to your own religion. The ones not yet fulfilled are sufficiently vague as to always be true. Like “there will be wars and rumors of wars”. This is so the eschaton always appears imminent: World events will always appear to confirm Biblical prophecy, no matter what century you live in. To close, the entirety of Matthew through John, wherever Christ speaks of his return he does it in language that makes it clear he expects it to be IMMINENT. (A good example of this is in 1 John 2:18, where Christ urges the followers he is writing to: “18 Children, it is the last hour, and as you have heard that antichrist is coming, so now many antichrists have come. Therefore we know that it is the last hour.”) Over and over he stresses to them that they should not to make long term plans (like marriage: 1 Cor. 7:29-31), not to go on living in the world as if it will still be here for the rest of their lives, and to look for specific signs that they specifically can expect to see shortly after his crucifixion. This was committed to writing a few decades after Christ's death by people who still believed they were living in a window of time that was consistent with what Christ predicted for his return. Then it just never got changed, because of the freezing effect of orthodoxy on preserving the contents of a holy text. It was just continually reinterpreted in a way to make it seem like Jesus wasn't wrong.
Whatever details you reveal should raise more questions than they answer.
When the problem is with the foundation, you've really gotta start over.
Or just build and settle underground
Do you work for free?
[This](http://i.imgur.com/OZrKd9N.jpg) is my old helmet that I built a solar powered swamp cooler into. There's also a pair of heaters but they require a battery pack, kept in the jacket's breast pocket.
Because it disrupts rhetorically useful generalizations, which they would be the first to object to if it were about race instead.
Rule 1: Do not offer his god a peanut
Realize, creationists often claim that an old universe is an invention of atheists specifically to allow time for evolution to happen. I know you don't believe that, but the underlying reasoning is the same as yours. As a counterpoint, we used to know only of Earth. Looking at how well suited it is for life, many argued it could only be that way if an intelligence created it. Then we discovered that in fact, there are countless worlds, such that the existence of some with the right properties for life is a probabilistic necessity. Can you see how multiple universes is an extension of that? Not simply something atheists invented to frustrate you but part of a larger pattern.
Thanks! This is useful info.
Ahhh! My potato! My doctor said I'm not supposed to get turtles in there
How would the poor wind up living on what will necessarily be some of the most expensive real estate on the planet
I'm feelin' it. The propulsion gun is useful as heck for displacing dangerous predators from regions where I want to construct bases or forage for metals.
Yes, stay miles away from that shit.
Thank you robot ilu :'3
Part 2 [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/sciencefiction/comments/37sdk5/triangle_opportunity_part_2/)
I don't know who darqwolf is and don't understand how I'm remiss in standing up for myself. I am a valid person who has made useful contributions. I don't think that's unreasonable to say when somebody puts me down. I also don't think we've spoken before so I doubt I've personally wronged you. I was rude to /u/DreamHouseJohn however which is why my last post included an apology.
Whatever you're looking at right now is part of God.
Not yet, but I have begun work on a part 3. Don't expect it too soon, I'm gonna want to really polish it.
Florida Man should stay in his own state.
Yeah, but humans wrote that. Is it impossible we're wrong? If there's a being which isn't technically infinitely powerful but simply has all of the power that exists, is it not appropriate to call it God? What about "Supreme Being"?
No it doesn't. What it specifically says is that nobody knows the day or the hour, i.e. not with precision. That doesn't somehow make it non-apocalyptic, besides which Christ repeatedly sets a general timeframe of a few decades within which to expect his return: 1 John 2:18 *Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour.* Matthew 16:27-28 *For the Son of Man is going to come in the glory of His Father with His angels, and will then repay every man according to his deeds. Truly I say to you, there are some of those who are standing here who will not taste death until they see the Son of Man coming in His kingdom.* Matthew 24:34 *Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened.* Matthew 12:23 *When you are persecuted in one place, flee to another. Truly I tell you, you will not finish going through the towns of Israel before the Son of Man comes.*
Not as such, but I have [plenty of other stories](http://www.inkitt.com/alexbeyman) set in the Institute universe, with Zach and the professor. I'll let you discover which ones by yourself. :)
There's some symbolism in this, I just don't know if it was intentional. Even while the rest of the world grows and changes around it, the church stubbornly stays the same.
Oh that's just a generic name I made up for bulk foods stores like Winco, Costco and so on. They're fine places to shop, so long as you can get out when you're done.
I am hype as fuck for this game. Loved Amnesia but found the setting less compelling than Penumbra's. SOMA looks to have nailed that aspect.
&gt;"I wanted to cry because I'm really non confrontational and at that moment I just wanted to crumple up and cry." Ah geez. Here comes the feels train. ( ಥ_ಥ)
If what you say is true, me too. I don't mean that it *makes* them stronger though, just that it impresses me that the experience doesn't kill them.
I wrote [a novella](http://www.inkitt.com/stories/13596) involving eugenics as a major plot element some time ago. Maybe you'll like it.
It's fantastic. 2 (Black Plague) is slightly better than 1 (Overture) but play both back to back for the full experience. In the span of a single night if possible. 3 (Requiem) isn't really a proper Penumbra game, but a physics puzzler similar to Portal, set in the Penumbra world. A lot of people were disappointed but I rather liked it. Just for another taste of the Penumbra atmosphere, even with different gameplay.
&gt;It is most certainly evidence when you break through to a whole new hyper real dimension No such thing ever happens. It seems that way to you because you ingested a powerful hallucinogen. &gt;And since both parties have their eyes closed and are both unconscious during the trip of their bodies it's not just some subconscious communication. What documented experiment are you referring to here? Or is it a hypothetical you've invented?
He could still be gay, look at that beard
How do you figure? I just see it as one of their implications.
...You...should really need a heat resistant suit, or the exoskeleton, to get that close to lava.
I understand it, I think. If you're gonna do battery swapping where the company owns the battery, for that model to work they need how much you pay to reliably, precisely correlate to how much charging and discharging has occurred. Because it's all calculated so that the money from customers paying for swaps eventually covers the cost of replacing the battery when it degrades to an unusable range. If the customer can recharge without the company tracking it, degradation occurs which the customer doesn't pay for.
Before.
Waste from lithium mining doesn't go into the atmosphere.
That's pretty fuckin' great.
I believe in a non-supernatural God, and dispute the authority of your definition.
In general, no. Abrahamic ones, yes.
I see. But while "it makes sense that this would happen, if different religions cannot all be right" is true, it seems to deliberately miss the point of what I was saying. This is why I was confused, seemed like you didn't understand or were avoiding it. What I was trying to get across is that a supercessionist religion wants to build itself on the authority and success of an existing religion, but doesn't want the same thing to happen to itself. Hence front loaded sabotage against that ("Many will come in my name saying I am he", "Muhammad is the final prophet", etc.)
&gt;None of this is about being a big religion or just existing. On the surface. But that's certainly been the result. Anyways, what would you say to the Muslim contention that Jesus' message was corrupted over time and requires the Qur'an/Hadith to clarify it?
&gt; "Trust in The Lord with all your heart, And do not rely on your own understanding." - Proverbs 3:5 Seems calculated to sabotage critical thinking.
Of course they do, their religion is an offshoot of Christianity. Same reason Christians believe in the god of the Torah.
She's right, convert her to biofuel
I'm unsure why you're telling me that as if I don't know it. Did you fully read and understand the post you're replying to?
I don't have a religion. The supreme being I believe in follows inescapably from materialism and casuality. Basically the same lines of evidence which commonly convince people of atheism, just thought through a bit further.
Do you value truth?
&gt;Oh wow no, that's completely wrong. I'm sure it seems that way from the inside. &gt;There are countless non-Christians/Jews converts to Christianity BECAUSE of the evidence that supports the Bible. There are also countless converts from Christianity to Islam or Mormonism because they have their own 'evidence' supporting their contentions that people find convincing. &gt;I would go as far as to say that most Jewish scholars who are against the evidence has a lot to do with personal reasons (An issue with the heart rather then the mind) Muslims would and frequently do say this about Christians who do not find their apologetics convincing.
&gt;Yes, but my excuse is "actual" and their's isn't. Big difference No, it isn't. You still haven't shown that Jesus meets the messianic criteria found in the Torah. Because he doesn't. All you have for this are excuses or silence. &gt;From my previous post, Muslims deny that Jesus died on the cross, but Greek Historians say he died on the cross, Romans Historians confirm it, Pagan historians confirm it, Jewish historians confirm it, and Christian historians confirm it. So they are making a claim that historically is untrue and why even today they ignore the argument all together in debates shows they refuse to believe the evidence because it contradicts the claims of the Quran. Hey buddy, we agree on that. Jesus died on the cross, as did lots of other people. Muslims are wrong about that. But, Jesus also did not meet the messianic criteria found in the Torah. That's something Christians are wrong about. &gt;I also didn't go into the criteria of Jesus fulfilling the prophecies concerning the Messiah because that would be an entirely different debate that has nothing to do with the OP's question. I am OP. Go into it now.
&gt;Given the dominance of atheism in this sub and how anything that isn't atheism is viewed, do you keep your beliefs closely guarded because you are ashamed to talk about them in the event that you might be asked to justify them? No, in fact it's primarily atheists I share it with because they're already materialists. Any supernaturalist, especially someone who believes God is separate from and creator of the universe, will be fundamentally unreceptive to it. I also generally don't want Christians or Muslims to know because their religions have a history of assimilating any ideas they deem useful and which they're unable to destroy. Evolution most recently, although for the most part Islam hasn't given up fighting it yet. I suppose I have an affinity for atheism as I was one for a very long time, so I tend to side with them on a lot of things. &gt;I think Carl Sagan was a pantheist too. He was certainly no atheist. Maybe, but there are specific things they say to signal this is what they're talking about and I never heard them from Carl. I haven't read all of his work, though. *"We are the way that the universe knows itself"* is borderline. &gt;most of the time people are just out to score karma from ragging on a theist. That was me for a long time, so I totally deserve to be on the receiving end for a while.
Open pizza restaurant built around this. Use it to cook the pizzas. Call it the Hungry Pizza Robot. You're welcome
It's a question for OP. What I'm saying is that even if religion caused no harm or were wholly beneficial there would still be at least one valid reason to agitate against it: that it's untrue. Providing that one values truth, though.
I'm not an atheist (again), and my parents were Quakers.
It's simply an effort to put atheism on the defensive.
"Cat time is now"
Hate to be that guy, and I love boobs as much as the next fellow, but this isn't remotely cyberpunk.
My bad, but no other video of it exists anywhere else that I know of. Please don't downvote because of that.
&gt;You'd need a way to make extensive housing easily. Like sealing and pressurizing lava tubes? Instead of sending your colony one room at a time from Earth via billion dollar rockets.
Oh man that's super clever, I almost missed it What you did was to take my own words, then apply them to what I believe in a stunning, masterful reversal :0 But no, words have definitions and there is no definition of cult that it meets except "A thing someone believes", which if you're honest is just a bit loose. It's like when people tell you that you're in the "cult of atheism", thinking that's incredibly witty and incisive.
1. I don't think you understand what I'm describing 2. Nothing! That's a fine hypothetical. But there's no evidence for it. What's to prevent the existence of a God-eating magical beast, for instance? Since by definition it eats Gods, if one existed it would've already been eaten by now. What-ifs are fun.
It gets worse. A substantial number believe that Neil Armstrong heard the call to prayer on the Moon, observed a giant stone Qur'an, and converted to Islam on the spot.
I don't understand what you mean by this.
Sometimes that's the only way to fight the contagion. They were given the opportunity to deconvert and chose not to. What happens after that is on them.
http://kidnappedforchrist.com/
*Opportunity. And as I understand it, agents of the state travelled to the homes of Christians and supplied them with sufficient arguments disproving their religion. They absolutely were, in all cases, supplied with the cure and invited to take it. Because they didn't, what other alternative existed?
It means I really should be a better person than this. Like a lot of people I fall short of my own ideals. But given some of the experiences I've had in life I feel powerless to be any other way.
Creatures similar to us. We're also in the process of building our part of it right now, imo what we're here to do.
I am tired of hearing excuses for the doctrine.
The supreme being I have in mind follows inescapably from that premise. I'm aware it has also led most atheists to their own position, and accordingly I was an atheist as well until March of last year. But if you think through the implications a bit further than that, there's a big surprise waiting. Heisenberg's "God at the bottom of the glass".
What do you want me to say? You're in a cult within a cult, it's perverse and horrifying that either of them spread as far as they have.
To build self replicating robots, and AI.
Shoot me a PM.
Hell yeah we do.
&gt;"So how much did they pay? ;-)" I deserve that &gt;Are they anything like the Asimov story "The last question"? That's an apt comparison. I've also heard people say they're like "The Egg" by Andy Weir.
&gt; Therefore we can predict there are other universes. We will call them all the multiverse. Therefore we can predict that we will find more multiverses, the totality of which we will call the omniverse. Therefore we can predict we will find other omniverses..." Sounds like a fractal. [Imagine that](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;rlz=1C1ASUC_enUS568US568&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=fractals%20in%20nature). &gt;Nope, that is silly. That's hardly an argument against anything. A great many things now taken for granted were once opposed on the grounds that they sounded absurd. A round Earth and disease causing microorganisms among them. &gt;A concept which relies upon stuff which current theory would consider impossible. The more we understand about physics, the less impossible it becomes. Until recently it was believed it would require an astronomical amount of energy to operate. Tweaking the shape of the torus brought that down immensely, to an amount that's perfectly feasible to supply a spacecraft with if we were capable of making that kind of fuel. We're not, but we're in the middle of making something that will be able to, if it's at all possible. &gt;We have the benefit of a common genetic ancestry, shared instinctive desires, needs, wants, etc. AI originating from vastly different organisms have no such commonality to foster camaraderie. So they may just murder each other until one particular strain is dominant in the universe. The outcome is the same. All roads lead to Rome, as it were. &gt;Besides, if we look at history we can see that even humans encountering other human civilizations have a fairly terrible track record of peaceful cooperation. Yet today humans are found on every landmass. In increasingly organized societies, networked via the internet, homogenizing into a global culture. &gt;It is foolish to bet that you know the path it will take too, and you are predicting quite a ways ahead. I already said I'm not certain of it. I have good reasons for thinking it's very likely though, and have supplied what I hope are satisfactory answers to some of your objections in this post.
The alternative to integration is the domination of a particular strain of machine life which just exterminates everything else as it spreads. That's certainly also possible. In any event, the outcome is the same.
My definition of God is supplied in the OP. It's basically a more detailed version of pantheism.
&gt; That seems to imply a meaning or purpose. Is there an over-arching instruction set built into evolution that says "make something intelligent"? No, yet here we are. Same principle. &gt;The machines don't care whether we invent them. Many millions of species and have risen and fallen, on earth alone, without creating any form of machine intelligence. All true. And yet somebody is going to, simply because of the sheer number of planets and amount of time available. &gt;It's not clear to me why you expect humanity (or the evolutionary children of humanity) to survive long enough to create machine intelligence. Some people think we're pretty close right now. But even if we don't, so long as we leave behind self replicating asteroid mining robots (to mine asteroids for example) evolution will take it from there. &gt;As the intelligent designers say, if your scenario is so likely, why haven't machines invented elsewhere already arrived here? What does [a universe largely dominated by machine life](http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/robots/a13310/robot-universe-dominant-lifeform-17549081/) look like from millions of lightyears away? As for why they've not arrived here, presumably because the planets where not only biological life but also intelligence arise are on average far enough apart that it takes a long time for it to propagate that far. &gt;The practical restrictions on interstellar travel are so great that I honestly expect it is very unlikely that any species, machine or otherwise, will establish a meaningful reproductive population outside its own solar system. The distance between continents would also appear that way to a protozoa. &gt;The barriers to interstellar travel are extremely high. Indeed they are! Maybe even insoluble for humans. But we're in the middle of building something that will one day be able to figure out shit that we can't.
I feel you've not exhaustively read the OP. I cover this there: &gt;*"To pre-empt this question, yes, individual universes eventually arrive at heat death. But new universes constantly collapse into being and some percentage have laws like ours, and so become 'replacement parts' so to speak. (ala the “Ship of Theseus”)* &gt;*This is also how neurons in your brain can constantly grow old and die, replaced by new ones, without interrupting your continuous experience of consciousness. If you're familiar with the scattered, redundant way that your brain stores information (or how a RAID array works) then you understand how such a being can constantly renew itself in the manner described without losing any information."*
I arrived at the idea independently, but upon searching for others who had, I discovered [I'm not the first](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omega_Point) by a long shot. The interpretation I believe is not something I'd call a religion, nor would most people. Indeed several others in this thread already came forward to say so.
&gt; Look, I'm sure that your scenario is plausible, and if there are a huge number of universes that there's at least one where something like this went down. Then it happens in any universe with laws sufficiently similar to ours, simply because there are so many chances to because of the sheer number of planets, and so much time for it to happen. &gt;We don't know if we're going to last versus less intelligent organisms We already have, and we don't need to do it forever. Just long enough to build self replicating machines. &gt;we don't know if we're a fluke. How many times does machine life have to be created for what I described to follow? &gt;...machines are far better at recycling things for spare material. Like when we eat meat? &gt;Pathogens bring entire crops to their knees frequently; the Black Plague did it to us. We're inadvertently engineering antibiotic-resistant bacteria in our hospitals right now, why shouldn't I make the equally historical inference that microorganisms will inherit the earth? They may well do that. But it won't stop the rest from occurring provided some intelligent species, somewhere, creates self-replicating machines. Then the whole struggle plays out all over again, just on a larger stage and made from different elements. &gt;Biological elements tire; machines do not. The same reasons are insufficient. We see animals int he wild alternate between sleeping, resting, and working. We see computers working 24/7 until they run out of work or shut down. I don't think machine civilisation is a good bet, and consequently, any argument from civilisation is insufficient to establish a neural network of universe-dominating machines. You're still thinking of machines in a manner consistent with movie tropes. If they are products of evolution, they are likely to have many of the same motivations that we do. &gt;I think you'll find this a nontrivial claim to defend, without redefining the terms to make yourself win. A corporation is a processor in which the calculations are carried out by humans. The specific program it runs is a profit maximizer. If you're familiar with the sense in which evolution as a process takes the input of environmental conditions and modifies the genome of populations to adapt them to it, then you understand what I mean when I say that optimizers are a kind of computer. Capitalism included. Science as a process is also an optimizer, which maximizes the degree to which our descriptions of reality line up with what we observe. &gt;We build colonies because 1) we're social animals who require it and 2) security. Post-organics would not require the society of others nor does security seem pressing. Even human beings spent a lot of their time in digital space. Why do we do that? &gt;Nanites are far more powerful than bacteria. If it's like bacteria at all, it would be like that flesh-eating bacteria that basically kills you unless you amputate the whole limb really soon. Except then the bacteria eat the whole limb and come after you again. Indeed, we cannot compete with it. But something more robust which has evolved alongside it in an evolutionary arms race would have defenses against it. &gt;It's still an obstacle how you establish communication between universes. And don't think that "we've solved technical difficulties before" is an excuse - that argument makes almost equal amounts of sense applied to exceeding the speed of light, violating conservation, and actualizing logical contradictions. It might give the barest hints of plausibility, but by itself it's quite inadequate as an argument. One possible method is to exchange entangled particle pairs between universes via brane collision, then use spooky action at a distance to transmit information. &gt;But what will the machines be trying to do? My computer just lags and checks for updates when it's not receiving input. Did we specifically set out to create cities? To create the internet, or the ISS? No, every step along the way was just some effort to improve our conditions and expand our species to new places. Creationists often argue that evolution could not arrive at some highly specific adaptation without knowing where it's going. What use is half a wing, or half an eye? But of course, there was a valid evolutionary reason for each independent step towards the wing, or the eye, or anything else. Likewise, we move towards this without (most of us) realizing that's what we're doing. The people most responsible for developing the relevant technologies are doing it to improve industrial automation, to make asteroid mining possible, and so on. &gt;Fair enough, but minus that obstacle it's still difficult to argue that inter-universe communication is possible. I've outlined one possible method above. But really, however unsatisfying this sounds, the real answer will be some technology we cannot comprehend as it was invented by something much more intelligent.
&gt;There's no way of knowing that, even a big brain can turn out 'retarded' in relation to its potential. That isn't what biological evolution produced. I'd wager there's some good reason for that which also applies to machine evolution. &gt;It is not all powerful though, it has no power atm for example. God is usually characterized as all powerful, aka omnipotent. Does it not have all of the power? And does it not exist right now, just incompletely assembled? Two fragments of it are having this conversation. &gt;While such is a possibility, because it is an intelligence it may decide otherwise. An intelligence can easily decide "enough is enough", and kill itself in some way. Now eventually some other intelligence can emerge from its remains and take its place ofc, but this is not very godly I would say. I would. Because that means it cannot help but exist, even if it self destructs.
&gt;The problem with this is that you've taken the pattern apparent here and said that it is "probabilistically necessary" without examining the pattern anywhere else and that's just not how statistics works. The rest of the universe is made of the same elements (though possibly with some we've not yet discovered) and is subject to the same laws of physics. &gt;Even if I were to grant your process from Bang to Swarm, there's no guarantee of swarms surviving. It's possible that for every swarm arising in a universe, some calamity befalls before anything can be achieved. Indeed, that's true for biological life. Most of the species ever to live on the Earth are long extinct. &gt;Perhaps a brain forms but the replacement rate becomes less than the rate necessary to preserve the brain. Perhaps the number of unlike universes is so much larger than the number of like universes that a brain can never form. These are definitely valid objections. My conclusion is based in large part on extrapolation of what is known, I concede that. Where we agree will depend on how convincing you find that reasoning. &gt;I grant that large portions of your thesis are plausible but I cannot grant that the process happens necessarily. That's fair, though it's only in retrospect that we can look back on the processes which produced us and say that the arrival of intelligent life somewhere in the universe was an inevitability.
&gt; companies know that they won't remain in business unless the majority of the populace has some sort of income.... They do not need to remain in business if they own technology which can make everything they could ever want for free. The rich simply turn those machines inwards to produce goods for them on demand, and the rest of us starve.
*Boltzmann. That's not what I've described. Rather, a concrete, real, extant brain structured in a way analogous to our own, arrived at by something like evolution on a larger scale. By the way? Cool description of what a Boltzmann brain is, copied directly from the first sentence of the Wikipedia page.
}::3
&gt; I don't see why not, really, I just don't know why you would call that 'god'. That's completely fair. A lot of people feel this way because for them, "God" necessarily means "creator". I'm just using it to mean "supreme being". What we call it hardly matters though, surely? &gt;I want to be very clear that I'm not mocking you or your beliefs or anything like that, I'd just like to have that nomenclature part clarified. Thanks for sharing your views! No worries, I understood you.
&gt;Why hasn't another brane already colonized our own (Fermis paradox + Copernican principle)? The collision of branes only exchanges disassociated particles between universes. &gt;In such a case the result could be truly magnificent but perhaps not actually god-like. Does "supreme being" work for you? &gt;Makes it sound like there is a top-down plan. Certainly not, rather it's bottom up. Like evolution. There is no plan innate to evolution, yet presumably we agree that if this universe restarted tomorrow, it would eventually still produce stars, planets, and life.
They have a bad habit of assimilating competing ideas which they cannot destroy. Holidays for instance, and more recently evolution. :\
&gt; As someone who has been offended by your "past" (yesterday is barely "past") behavior, I know that I have received no such apology. Then I'll do it now. I apologize for having been ugly to you in the past. I have bad days, often I come off of a frustrating argument and the next guy gets some of that left over irritation. That's unfair, and I'll work on it. &gt;I think it is fair to say that there are a lot of liberal theists, Christians and Muslims especially, who would like to see you make good on this apology if you are sincere. The only thing I won't apologize for is affirming on no uncertain terms that Christianity and Islam are false and descended from cults. I will apologize to the person, if I was personal in what I said, but I am still very much after their religions. &gt;Conflating every Christian and Muslim with a conservative that wants to murder gays and apostates is, IMO, disgusting. If you could supply a screenshot of when I said this I would appreciate it. I am usually much more careful with language than that.
&gt;What evidence? You're making bold predictive claims. We have very little evidence on the ground to support these claims. That's simply not so with evolution. First, what I've described *is* evolution, just with a different form of life. So all of the evidence for evolution applies to it as well. Secondly, you're reading this on some of the evidence. It is a rudimentary thinking machine we've invented. There is right now a nuclear powered robot on Mars, a humanoid robot in the ISS and a 3D printer as well. These are pretty recognizable precursors for [Von Neumann Universal Constructors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Von_Neumann_universal_constructor). &gt;Modern technology is very, very far from replication at the chemical bond level, and it's not clear to me that we would ever intentionally design technology to self-replicate in such a way for practical deployment, even if we can. Or maybe we will, but who can say now what form that technology will take? Not me, certainly. It could also be engineered biology. Or something we cannot conceive of yet. But I guarantee we'll continue trying to expand into, exploit and colonize space. And doing so in pressurized metal cylinders is the least efficient method possible. We'll either become something native to space or create something native to space to go in our stead. From that development, you get the rest of what I described. &gt;Nothing like the robots you imagine. Absolutely. See above. &gt;And yea, the prophet of the robogod shall be persecuted! Hey man, you're the one who wants people to take your rampant speculation seriously. Did you not expect to be questioned? No, I invited questioning. But a great deal of your post has been deliberate misrepresentation of my views as supernatural, when they include no supernatural elements. Do not play fast and loose with what I've written, I won't abide it. In return, I won't misrepresent you. &gt;Of course I read your original post and your statement that you were not "certain". And yet, you want to hold to and defend your beliefs as highly probable, even when there is strong evidence from physics and cosmology that what you propose is highly improbable. Like what? I arrived at this conclusion by studying those very fields. &gt;But those objections can be brushed away with "I'm sure the robots will figure something out". That's just faith. Betting on continued technological development isn't faith. It's the safest bet there is.
[I think so.](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3amdv0/on_the_meaning_of_%CF%89/) But then, it's probably not the God you mean.
It's basically a giant machine brain spanning multiple universes. As it arrived at that state in part by evolution, I think it'll be conscious for the same reasons we are.
Oh neat, another callout thread. These are kosher now? I am, again, sorry for that. It was in poor taste and the result of anger I am still dealing with stemming from bad experiences with Christians, though of course that's no excuse. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Are we good?
&gt;But if he believes God does not currently exist But I do. Right now, it's humans. We're the most put together pieces of it that we know of.
&gt;that's not a traditional "god claim" You're right, it's not traditional. But it is a god claim. &gt;I think it's within the wheelhouse of this sub's definition of "atheism." I do not consent to being labeled an atheist. You can force it on me if you like and I'll be powerless to stop you, but I am only obligated to be honest about your beliefs if you are honest about mine. If you misrepresent me, I will take it as license to misrepresent you going forward.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_73NU6OlNuw
That's quite the narrative you've constructed, and will make a lot of sense to someone who already dislikes me. But the other possibility you're not considering is that those past statements were not constantly on my mind 24/7 since I made them.
&gt;You have had several people in this thread point out that your understanding of physical is way off. They disputed various aspects of what I've described, and I supplied counterarguments. In most cases it's because they assumed my ignorance of things like the Drake equation and Fermi paradox that I had in fact already taken into consideration, or they weren't aware of recent developments concerning necessary technologies like the alcubierre drive. &gt;I'm not even sure if your understanding of computers is terribly accurate either Compared to yours? &gt;this seems to be an obvious case of the Dunning–Kruger effect whereby you have a delusion that makes you think you know alot about a topic, when in fact you know less than everyone else. Maybe! After all I wouldn't know it, would I? But that effect is referenced so frequently and freely that by now it's little more than a pretentious way to call someone stupid.
Boogity boogity boo The fact remains that I've never harmed Christians, but they've severely harmed me. Empty threats are a slap on the wrist.
&gt; you are everything that you complain about. I am not a Christian, nor in a virally structured religion. &gt;You complain about bigoted Abrahamics, but your stand there and casually say that 2.18 billion people should be murdered for having beliefs different to your own. I complain that they are homophobic. I am not homophobic and consider it wrong to be. I do not consider it wrong to oppose Abrahamic religion. There is nothing inconsistent about that unless you consider sexuality identical to religion. &gt;I'd like you to think about the International Declaration of Human Rights, and use it as a basis for your own actions and not just a weapon to spite others with. That's fair, and this is certainly a hatchet I should've buried a long time ago. Humans have stubborn hearts.
Some years ago, a group of Christians I used to argue with got ahold of my personal info and exploited it to great effect, such that I was homeless for a while and struggled to find work for years after that. But, this is the tip of the iceberg. My antipathy towards Christians has been a lifelong thing, growing stronger with each experience. I've dated two, and both times their mothers sent them away, one to "Billy Graham's Bible Training Center at the Cove" and the other on a mission trip to Trinidad. To get them away from me, for fear I would corrupt them. One came back an atheist, and so was sent back over and over until she could convince her mother she wasn't anymore. By that time I'd moved cross country. I attended private middle and highschools, both religious. I had no trouble at the highschool as it was Episcopalian and as a result very liberal. At the time I was an atheist and ran into other atheists on my first day. Christians there were for the most part agreeable and, crucially, did not lose their minds if you disputed their beliefs. That last bit was the cause of recurring problems I'd experienced in middle school. For lack of any other private options in the area (my parents were strongly opposed to public education) I was sent to a fundamentalist protestant school which taught six day creation, among [other wacky things](http://www.salon.com/2015/06/17/5_completely_insane_things_christian_fundamentalists_are_teaching_their_kids/). I have never been able to nod along to something I know is untrue. As a result I spent a lot of time in the office explaining myself to the principal, a lot of time indoors during recess receiving special lessons intended to persuade me that 'evolutionism' is an atheistic hoax, and was relentlessly mocked by other students as "monkey boy" for defending the (to them) absurdity that humans and apes share a common ancestor. That's a very sensitive time in anyone's life. When it's not difficult at all to wreck their self esteem and the more support they have from friends, the better. I had none, because I was surrounded exclusively with people convinced by the faculty that I was irredeemably foolish, deceived by Satan and a danger to their own salvation. The experience was something like [this](http://sondry.com/posts/Celestial-Stupidity-FHj06-02-06-2015), times a million. Now, that's not to say there aren't good Christians. The ones who don't know you disagree yet. Or the ones who've had sufficient exposure to dissent that they are no longer 'triggered' by it. But there absolutely is an over the top emotional reaction that comparatively sheltered Christians have to disbelief, probably fueled by [fear of death](http://www.psmag.com/health-and-behavior/why-atheists-terrify-believers). That's a land mine I've stepped on over and over again, because I just can't go along with something I know is untrue, least of all when I see someone deceiving kids.
Do you endorse the contents of that document?
That fellow's a hell of a lot more serious than I was, if you're honest. And that's some sick shit in there.
&gt;This sentence is not coherent. Looks like you've got brain problems &gt;Ah right, so you would advocate concentration camps for Christians as a means of justice? You said re-education camps before.
&gt;Do you believe that sending Christians to concentration camps for re-education is something that ought to happen? No. Just that if it did, it would be nothing they haven't already subjected others to. They continue to this day. &gt;2edgy4me. That is not a rebuttal. &gt;On the grounds that you've advocated and volunteered for genocide on the basis of middle school, which hardly seems a sign of mental health. You persist in pretending I was serious, that I am any sort of existential threat to you despite knowing full well that it's not the case. &gt;Poor me for having to endure the whining. Poor you for being such a person, when you claim to live according to the teachings of Christ.
&gt;/r/thatHappened I was "hole troll" on 4chan during that period. Because I really can't stay off the internet apparently, even while living in a literal hole in the ground. The threads should be searchable, and include photos of my shelter. Denying that any abuse occurred is another common bullying tactic, by the by. &gt;Only in your fevered imagination would forcing you to apologize and retract after 3 days be bullying, but volunteering to murder 2.2 billion people not be considered bullying. You've not forced me to do anything. Were I serious about it I'd simply stand by it and tell you to suck a big one if you didn't like it. I've done everything possible to make things right with you but you've snubbed all of it. &gt;Yes. Nazism. Any other answer is false. You won't be honest, so I'll be honest for you. They were Christians. &gt;It must be so difficult being you. The heart breaks. It should, if you truly follow Christ's teachings. But you don't. None of you do.
Fucking pumped as shit for this.
Your posts bear less and less resemblance to reality as time goes on. Which posts did I not read?
&gt; You just said you refused to watch the videos I posted. What? No I didn't. [I said I watched both of them](http://i.imgur.com/cxpkcfP.png).
I'd wager the same way that American Christians deal with all the middle eastern stuff in the Bible.
That's a more clear, concise summary than I've ever written. Do you mind if I make use of it going forward? I'll credit you if you like.
I hope it doesn't. There's no good reason anybody needs to know about it. I only shared it under pressure.
[Thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3amdv0/on_the_meaning_of_%CF%89/) Of those, I find Watts the most compelling.
B-B-B-BLAST IT WITH PISSSSS }:0
It'll be great for defense contractors.
I'll go you one better. During most of my trips I stop understanding what "species" is and just see animals as mutually valid multicellular organisms of different sizes.
Try explaining intersectional feminism to a five year old. College students are at that age when they're burning to fight for some cause and feel as if they're accomplishing something meaningful. Hence why every revolutionary movement to date has heavily targeted this age group for recruitment.
But he said some standing there would not taste death before witnessing the son of man coming in his kingdom. Which the preceding verse says will entail Christ appearing in the clouds with God and angels, judging all men for what they have done.
That's just a level 1 loaf. Be extra careful petting him, they have only 1 hp.
&gt; You are putting things from Matthew 24 into the sayings in Matthew 16. I'm informing you now that what you've described is not my intent. It was an abrupt transition from one to the other but no shared content is implied, except that they're describing the same event and with the same timeline. &gt;You may want to elaborate on what "events od Revelation" you are talking about. The return of Christ in the clouds with God and angels, followed by the final judgement of humanity. &gt;In the third line, under "elthē", hover your cursor on "V-ASA-3S", and it pops up an explanation for the code, telling you it is subjunctive. So it could mean one or the other. To determine which, let's study the context. &gt;5 These twelve Jesus sent out with the following instructions: “Do not go among the Gentiles or enter any town of the Samaritans. 6 Go rather to the lost sheep of Israel. 7 As you go, proclaim this message: **‘The kingdom of heaven has come near.’** 8 Heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse those who have leprosy,[a] drive out demons. Freely you have received; freely give. &gt;21 “Brother will betray brother to death, and a father his child; children will rebel against their parents and have them put to death. 22 You will be hated by everyone because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. 23 When you are persecuted in one place, flee to another. Truly I tell you, you will not finish going through the towns of Israel before the Son of Man comes. I do not believe it is possible to confuse "if" and "before", besides which even if we dispense with this one verse entirely, you have the rest to deal with. Of course you have specialize apologetics prepared for each, but you were supplied with those in the first place to prevent you from realizing you're in a false religion. Muslims, too, have centuries upon centuries worth of carefully prepared counterarguments for anything you might take issue with about Islam.
&gt;"Plain reading" according to what or who? Basically anybody but Christians. Every interpretation you've supplied so far has been an elaborate, gigantic stretch, making words mean completely different things than the context would suggest. &gt;I don't think that your interpretation is a plain reading, but rather an attempt to discredit Christianity in general, by reading into it what can be the most easily criticized. Look, maybe we can skip ahead. Maybe a breakthrough is possible. I'm gonna try something. Supposing somebody were going around in the modern day claiming the world is coming to an end, but that he can save you if you sell your belongings, devote your life to him and cut off family members who disapprove. What would you call that?
He did not mean all of them. In fact he was quite clear that some of them would still be alive to witness his return.
I feel that, but maintain that I am not responsible for what someone else assumes. Maybe that'll irritate some people but it's also a useful reminder to assume less.
I don't think it created the universe, but rather, is the universe. It's limited by logic because otherwise it wouldn't work. Without constraints, any machine is just a pile of loose parts. I have an unorthodox God concept however and have been advised to be more upfront about that.
You were expecting a serious reply. Instead it was me, Dio!
Yes, structural comparison of early Christianity as described in the Bible to modern apocalyptic cults. As explained in the OP. A fossil is still evidence even if no trace remains of the creature that left it.
lmao toast I like you
It's a bit more detailed than that, as it needs to be in order to establish that there aren't just vague parallels but a perfect match. But yes that's a fair summary.
Certainly, and I concede that much. I'm not a Christian.
&gt;and you think Jesuses followers are that sort of evidence No. I think the anatomy of Christianity itself is that sort of evidence. Because there are still cults of the same type today, all of which are formed around/by a charismatic central figure for the purpose of amassing worshipers. &gt;Do you understand the difference? I'll thank you not to patronize me, when it's you that doesn't understand my argument.
The Bible identifies Jesus as the founder/leader of it, and the resulting religion is still named for him.
Yes, and I fully agree.
That's a neat story! But, how many cults do you know of in the modern era that formed the way you describe?
&gt;But how common do you suppose this is this in modern day cults? Did Marshall Applewhite get rich? Did David Koresh? Granted, Koresh didn't expect to die, but neither did Jesus. And I think Koresh really was drinking his own flavor aid. &gt;Would you grant that it's also possible that "his followers" invented him as a figurehead for the cult which they were running? That's possible (Paul would be the most likely candidate) but without much in the way of precedent, particularly for apocalyptic cults. There are always plenty of those and they're always formed around/by a real person. &gt;Clearly they noticed there was something to gain by pretending the "true leader" is someone else. That's a good point, but there should be some relatively successful multigenerational cults that began that way and I don't know of any. Scientology for example still venerates Hubbard.
Yes
&gt;Yes, sadly, I did. My apologies for the assumption. Ain't no thing but a chicken wing &gt;A tad condescending My bad, I was irritated by the assumption. We're good now that you apologized. &gt;I'm now going to assume (based on the new information in your post) that you're only arguing that a charismatic figure existed approximately 2015 years ago that started the Christian 'cult' - but not that any of the supernatural stuff associated with the religion is true because of that? And that this is more likely because of a) similarities between the 'fossil' religion and the present day religion, and b) similarities with new cults of today started by charismatic figures. Yes! Great summary. &gt;it's most likely an amalgam of several, different, charismatic 'prophets' who lived around that time. I'd agree except none of the doomsday cults in the modern era started out that way. It's always a single guy. &gt;I remain skeptical of the claim. Fair enough. Keep digesting this food for thought though.
Are either of those central to apocalyptic cults, to which multiple generations have devoted their lives?
*Let me love you*
So educate me.
How many of those are doomsday cults, specifically? Doomsday cults tend to have a single founder. The guy who started claiming the world would end to accumulate interested followers.
&gt; These are not serious questions. 5 seconds of very basic research would reveal to you that "Christ" is a title, the Greek word for "messiah". I conceded earlier that there exists an in-religion rationale for it. In absolutely every cult, there exists some rationale for name changes. It was not only Christ who did this. His apostles were also given new names upon joining. &gt;It's also an extra-ridiculous name for a Christian to know or use, since Christians do not believe that Joseph was the father of Jesus. I'm aware they *believe* that. I would nonetheless have expected them to know about scholarly opinion concerning what Jesus' actual name would've been.
I do not think the formation of cults are random occurrences analogous to a coin toss. I think they form the way they do for comprehensible, pragmatic reasons. I don't *only* make an argument from observed trends in the OP but also diagram the anatomy of a cultic religion to illustrate why they are founded by individuals (to accumulate worshipers and be remembered in an idealized way after death)
Huh. Looks like I should pick up one of his books. Any recommendations?
&gt; It is, by definition, petrified WOOD, which is a form of wood. Otherwise, it'd be named something else... The fact that it is called wood does not change its molecular structure. It is called that not because it still is wood, but because it once was. Hence "petrified". Is burnt gasoline still gasoline?
&gt;I might argue that creating an argument around parameters that you make up could easily make it invalid. I didn't make them up, they're straight out of the Bible. Multiple example verses are supplied for each of the traits I listed. &gt;Well, I guess I missed the parameter about only allowing a single person to be involved in the fantasy post of yours. Funny how you would choose only one person, as you know most of the stories out there have many gods. If you know of any polytheistic doomsday cults in the modern era that we can use as a basis for comparison I'd love to know about them.
&gt;If your point is that you have to be a single person to achieve all of this No &gt;I thought your OP was about a single guy, being jesus, that was about how he was the only one that figured into this small set of parameters that you had set up No &gt;Which side are you on? the side of christians, or the side of atheists? [Neither](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3amdv0/on_the_meaning_of_%CF%89/), but I'm not a Christian and I am a materialist. My argument is that the properties of early Christianity as described by the Bible match up with the properties of what we today call doomsday cults. That Jesus was the founder of such a cult, and that because such cults exist today (and are always founded by real people rather than invented ones) we can be relatively certain that Jesus really existed.
Wat
&gt;I used the coin toss analogy to point out that the historicity of Jesus is in no way tied to the doomsday cults of modern times. Yes it is. The analogy was nonsequitorial because no element of what I've described is random. &gt;It doesn't matter that every doomsday cult in the modern era had a single founder Yes it does. In statistical studies that's called the sample, 100% of which supports my claim in this case. &gt;from this assertion (the validity of which I'll let slide as it is irrelevant to the discussion) it does not follow that the specific doomsday cult of Christianity had had a single founder. Early Christianity as described in scripture gives every indication of having been a doomsday cult. Doomsday cults all work according to the same formula, to motivate conversion and evangelism, undermine doubt, deter apostasy and so on. Modern doomsday cults based on the same formula have all been formed by or around charismatic central figures. Ergo, it is highly probable that Christianity was too.
So do I. But then, that is not the only criteria listed in the OP. Of course it is possible to single out any one parallel, pretend that's the only one I ever mentioned and point out that it applies to many different things. I might say something is likely to be an apple because it is red, round, crunchy and sweet. If you were to say "but fire engines are also red", would that be at all relevant?
&gt;plenty of mythical figures around whom successful cults arose. There exist successful cults (and cultic religions) founded recently enough that we can be sure whether their founding figure was real, such as Scientology and Mormonism
&gt;Where are the statistics regarding doomsday cults? www.google.com &gt;Actually, I understand what you were trying to say. As proof, your argument is still piss poor. I can't even say it's been fun. I want my time back.
What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
Everybody in this thread is saying their own view is the academic consensus, and sometimes they conflict. I'm becoming a little wary of the c word.
Beautiful. I only wish it happened sooner and that the hearts of those still opposed to it can be changed in time.
I bet your Tumblr is a hoot
I know talk is cheap but I honestly would've started shit with that guy. I can't be doin' wit dis.
One of my favorite to read about is Zion, Illinois. [Here's](https://www.lhup.edu/~dsimanek/flat/flateart.htm) an article with some good info on it.
You mean before the internet, and as a result, before businesses overwhelmingly moved their application process online? Yes. Now, why did you think that was an insightful question?
I don't understand.
They wouldn't. That's my point. Listen carefully. I've affirmed that in the modern day, internet access is necessary to get a job because just about every business accepts online applications only. You responded by pointing out that people have been hiring and getting hired for thousands of years before the internet existed. I replied that indeed that is true, but you are referring to a period before the internet, so of course it was done that way. That's not a valid argument that the internet is unnecessary to get a job in the present day because things have changed. Applications are almost exclusively online now. I don't know why you're struggling with this. It isn't complicated.
No, because the rate of atmospheric depletion by solar wind is very slow. Terraforming, once finished, would last for a million plus years. And we could maintain the finished state using the same machinery we used to perform the initial terraforming.
Aside from others' solid recommendation of the stillsuit and heat knife, invest in infrastructure. I've been building cheap single module habitats in every area with shit I find interesting and will want to explore more thoroughly later. Also spots rich with fish and other resources I consume a lot of. Each contains a fabricator and two storage lockers. No windows except the hatch, they are just there to be supply depots. I stock them with fish, power cells and purified water. They are scattered around the map so there is always one nearby when I am running critically low on something I need.
On the one hand this seems like the most subversive and humanitarian solution. On the other, those in opposition to it will point out that the effort is funded by non-Muslims. It could backfire for that reason.
It absolutely is worth it. Charming little game that, years later, is still dear to my heart. I have a stuffed Josef the robot sitting on my PC.
I'm glad it brings you comfort.
The headline is a question, so the answer is no.
Maybe it really is as simple as liking her so much that I can't stand to see her unhappy. But that's selfish, isn't it? She doesn't exist to make me happy. Then again if she's putting out art for consumption, is it selfish of her to express her depression this way? To drag her fans through it too? Or is it a daring, trusting exposure of intimate emotion normally reserved only for those closest to us? Really calls into question what duties an artist has, if any. And how intimate their connection with their audience should be.
Speculating that materialists are in some way disabled is a rather troubling way to rationalize belief that consciousness is an immaterial essence extricable from the brain (metaphysical dualism) rather than produced by it (what neurology supports). I also do not see how it solves the problem of interaction.
This is what an adult temper tantrum looks like. They believe they are entitled to having the country exactly as they like it, and anything less is an organized attack on their right to exist.
Apt username.
SJWs are motivating people to lean more conservative, simply to not be associated with them.
The reckoning will come. It has long been foretold
Wouldn't you rather she take all the time she needs, so we don't just get a slightly less downtrodden Vulnicura? Not a decade obviously but I'm willing to wait a bit longer than usual to hear her at her best.
Parts of it do. [More and more as time goes on I suspect](http://www.inkitt.com/stories/6670).
If you could track it down I'd be much obliged
Rad, it works! Thank you. Now we just need an Android version.
They *are* wireless headphones, as well as hearing aids. They can connect via Bluetooth to smartphones or whatever else.
I have the same device. The answer is, "don't do that". It could fracture your skull. The "box" detatches and would just fall off, but a hard enough blow to the transcutaneous abutment would mean a trip to the hospital.
Absolutely none of them created machine life? Either the author didn't consider that or the story requires ignoring it.
When AI exists that is able and wants to design it's own "body" it will look nothing like a robot as we know it.
Shrooms make me dumb. I feel age regressed, like they make me four years old for a couple hours. I remember running around in the woods singing the transformers themesong during one trip, fighting imagined decepticons. Then I laid down in a meadow and nommed some gummi snacks and became a simple creature of nature who knew only grass, dirt and sun. I retain full, normal intelligence on LSD and have accordingly more complex thoughts.
Literally who
RIP, fuzzy little fellows.
There's a lot more to it, but one relatively simple, powerful way is increasing connectivity. More and more people on the internet and ideally an end to the national partitioning of the internet so we constantly encounter opinions and experiences from people all around the world. This will cause a gradual homogenizing effect that will make violence between nations increasingly untenable as there will no longer be "others".
First, we are the same. Human beings and all life on Earth have been thoroughly programmed for survival and reproduction. That's our primary drive. Secondly, do not discount the possibilities of AI based on a human brain, or which results from evolution in software. That would produce something very much like us.
I proposed this [a year ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2l2ufw/virtual_reality_tripping_any_interest_here_in/) but only now have the hardware to try it out.
I wrote [this story](http://www.inkitt.com/stories/6670) to explain it.
I write plot materials and do tech consulting for a startup game company.
Oh, I see. Thank you.
"Cut it out, baffling giant. I'm tryna be a cozybro over here"
Translation: "I want to be mad at you and don't want anything to get in the way of that"
No I didn't. Are there cheaper alternatives?
Sir may I inquire as to whether you are somewhere on the autism spectrum
If you refer to /u/rfitzger's comments in this thread, you'll discover the story is well worth your time.
You gotta use the carrot *and* the stick. Good cop bad cop. It doesn't work if you subtract one of those components.
I reckon it will occur when the first working demonstration of a von neumann universal constructor is built. Or strong AI, or both. That's about when I expect the common man to put 2 and 2 together.
It worked reasonably well in Black and White but was little more than a mouse you had to wear on your hand and tire yourself out with. There were some game specific gestures but I never used them.
Very cool, wish I could contribute but I'm not sure what you'd do with a writer.
That game looks neato burrito tbh.
Hey I remember that enemy from SOMA. So that's what he did before the comet hit!
I am stealing that emoji. Google "guides for coping with loss" because it has hereby become mine by way of my actions sir
Just being silly dood
Man whatever, I'd drive the shit outta that. Can't very well track down replicants on foot.
Do not cheap out on VR. This is something where the experience needs to be fast, precise and faultless and anything short of that will be a miserable, regrettable waste of cash.
I've seen 360 stereo content on YouTube already. Not much but it's there. On such videos there is a little Google cardboard icon at the bottom, I think under the same drop down where you select video quality.
The quality of Carl Zeiss lenses, plus the ease of removing the phone via the tray system. If not for the second reason I'd say get the Freefly VR, the fov is wider on it (110 degrees) I don't recommend the Gear VR in your case because there is no version of it that will fit the S5. If you had an S6 or S7, or Note 4/5+ I would recommend the Gear VR above all else. It's by far the best mobile VR that exists right now.
No prob ( •́ω•̀) Tbh, the quality of mobile VR is very high *if you buy a nice viewer*. The ones I recommended are the best outside of Gear VR and if you never try Oculus you'll be totally satisfied with the quality of mobile VR as you won't know what you're missing. It's very close, the fov is the same, resolution's actually slightly better atm, it's just the flawless head tracking and high framerate of Oculus running on a nice PC that once you've tried it you can't live without. Oculus/Vive is the premium tier for fanatics, not the only worthwhile VR.
I see what you mean but in practice, sometimes when the other fellow is just deafly blasting diarrhea at you, all you can do is blast some back, tit for tat. Anything more would be wasted.
[Mfw your original post](https://media2.giphy.com/media/QUaqJRizED5NC/200_s.gif) I am kind of a rigid person and it's important to me that information I see propagated be accurate, maybe I get a little nuts about it sometimes. You handled it gracefully though so we can be friends. :3
Ruh roh
Oh. Of course.
The VR One's main selling point is Carl Zeiss lenses. The clarity is superb and it has an unusually forgiving "sweet spot". The Freefly VR is close to as good and leagues better than the cheap headsets, with an fov of 110 degrees that beats pretty much everything out there.
&gt;Wait, in your first sentence are you talking about the VR One, or the Firefly? VR One. And it's "Freefly", not "Firefly". &gt;"Also 'sweet spot', is is how much of the image is in focus?" It means that depending on the lens type and quality your eyes will need to be very close to exactly centered relative to the lenses or there will be blurring. The VR One lenses are more tolerant than that. You should be perfectly happy with the Freefly, it's definitely one of the top tier mobile VR headsets. Some would argue it's the best because it has the widest field of vision, at 110 degrees.
( ._.)
Indeed. **Imminent end of the world:** 1 John 2:18 *Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour.* Matthew 16:27-28 *For the Son of Man is going to come in the glory of His Father with His angels, and will then repay every man according to his deeds. Truly I say to you, there are some of those who are standing here who will not taste death until they see the Son of Man coming in His kingdom.* Matthew 24:34 *Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened.* Matthew 10:23 *When you are persecuted in one place, flee to another. Truly I tell you, you will not finish going through the towns of Israel before the Son of Man comes.* **Sell your belongings:** Luke 14:33 *"In the same way, those of you who do not give up everything you have cannot be my disciples."* Matthew 19:21 *Jesus answered, "If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me."* Luke 12:33 *Sell your possessions and give to the poor. Provide purses for yourselves that will not wear out, a treasure in heaven that will never fail, where no thief comes near and no moth destroys.* Luke 18:22 *When Jesus heard this, he said to him, "You still lack one thing. Sell everything you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me."* &gt;Please note that only Luke 18:22 and Matthew 19:21 concern the story of Jesus advising the wealthy young man about the difficulty of entering heaven. &gt;These verses are included for completeness, and to acknowledge the existence of this story because the most common objection I receive to the claim that Jesus required followers to sell their belongings is that I *must* be talking about this particular story and misunderstanding the message it conveys. &gt;However in Luke 12:33 and Luke 14:33 Jesus is not speaking to that man but to a crowd following him, and in 14:33 he specifically says that those who do not give up everything they have **cannot** be his disciples. It is therefore not a recommendation but a requirement. **Cut off family members who try to stop you:** Luke 14:26 *"If anyone comes to me and does not hate father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters--yes, even their own life--such a person cannot be my disciple."* Matt. 10:35-37 *For I have come to turn a man against his father a daughter against her mother a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law---a man’s enemies will be the members of his own household. Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me; anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.* Matthew 19:29 *And everyone who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or wife or children or fields for my sake will receive a hundred times as much and will inherit eternal life.* **Do not apply critical thought to scriptural claims:** Proverbs 3:5 *“Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding”* 2 Corinthians 5:7 *“For we live by faith, not by sight.”* Proverbs 14:12 *“There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death.”* Proverbs 28:26 *“Those who trust in themselves are fools, but those who walk in wisdom are kept safe.”*
It's better than most people not being able to try some kind of VR first and thus not being willing to risk $600 on it
Maybe use it with some other substance?
Tron.
Haha, if only the guy who drew this could have seen the average neon haired Tumblr mutant
Stick it up your ass.
I would like to see more environmental creativity than the usual snow, jungle, lava, castle, etc. levels we have seen in every platformer already.
I hope slowing it down isn't the only possible solution as speed is a big part of why I love arena fps so much.
I don't doubt it. It's one of those "so crazy it might work" things, it just evokes a funny image in my head of constantly being distracted by my huge schnoz while I stalk and attempt to kill an opponent.
Sounding pretty robophobic there bro
Consciousness is not part of the definition of AI. The term you want is "strong AI".
We show moral consideration to creatures which aren't conscious (or at least not remotely to the same extent) all the time. Dogs. Birds, mice, etc. People get attached to their cars and express thanks for years of reliable performance. Why it should somehow be different with robots, even simple ones, is a mystery to me.
I admit I have become sort of a VR evangelist. But mainly because of anybody sees me with it in public they come over wanting to try, having already heard about it.
Oh, I agree. It's really just a continuation of the trend towards increasing organization and consolidation seen in stuff like city planning and the internet. Or the transition from single celled to multicellular life.
Computronium is what waits at the end of Moore's Law, and by the time that's being manufactured, it won't be humans doing it.
Nyko Playpad Pro is quite good *when it works*. I bought two, one was dead out of the box, sent it back. The other works fine. For $35, I can live with that.
Some games use the magnetic switch for that, like Vanguard V. It's my preferred solution.
I haven't personally tried it. Also why VR Karts GP isn't on there despite being a top shelf port from the DK2.
Oh, so you want comfort turning. Me too.
I don't want to live under a government that would set out to exterminate any group of people. That is not a humane or rational reaction. When a computer virus becomes widespread and causes financial or physical damages, we do not respond by destroying the afflicted computers.
Recommend you try the Freefly VR and VR One GX. Best of the bunch imo.
&gt; Do you know the dimensions? No. &gt;how does the phone holding mechanism work? It looks like it'd work for one one exact size phone Two actually (right now). You buy the tray that fits your phone. It just slides into place, the ease is a big part of why I chose it over the Freefly. They offer CAD files for 3D printing a tray to fit other phones and will be making their own shortly &gt;Also, 120$..damn. How do you think this would improve vs the SVR? Clarity and a wider sweet spot (due to the Carl Zeiss lenses) as well as a slightly wider field of view. &gt;Hmm, what exactly does it mean when they say 120 degrees of FOV. Like...the Wearlity one I tried was 150 degrees, but my phone (s4) needed to be about 30% bigger to fill the view. I don't know. &gt;So I'll review/compare it once it arrives. Cool.
You get what you pay for (in most cases). What phone do you have?
Hardcore. Future generations of cyborgs will know him by name.
A life well spent. Bless you, Marvin.
It isn't just a piece of plastic. It also has lenses, glass ones if it's any good. Also a cushioned rim, a head strap, and any extras it might include for cleaning the lenses.
I mean the content. Not the hardware.
I'm an aspie, which is only really relevant in that it was more severe when I was younger and made me obsessive about accuracy (hence documented difficulties aspies have with "imaginative play") and difficulty navigating emotionally complex situations. I attended a private Christian junior high where young Earth creationism was taught. This was my first exposure to it and quickly sussed out that it could not be true. I attempted to inform classmates of this, was disciplined by staff, then attempted to inform the staff as well. I didn't really understand why they were reacting in such a strongly negative way and assumed I just wasn't explaining it well enough. I was known as "monkey boy" for a long while and remained a popular target for ridicule and bullying by nearly everyone for the remainder of my time there. It's not something that would phase me as an adult, but that was a very tender stage of life for me during which attaining social acceptance was important to me.
My goodness! What a harsh post. Rather than escalate I'll instead find out where the misunderstanding occurred. &gt;You don't know wtf you are talking about, period. That comes as a surprise to me, given that I am presently employed by a game company working on a horror title for the Oculus Rift. Not to mention my twenty year history with VR, having owned several of the pre-Oculus headsets. &gt;Do you think that full games are as easy and quick to make as demos? By no means! Rest assured I know about the hard work that goes into making a completed game. That's what makes them preferable to "experiences" in my view and why I *want* more of them. Nowhere did I say making full games is easy though and it's a mystery to me how you got that from what I wrote. In fact your entire post seems to be arguing against a set of positions I never put forth and do not hold. &gt;Do you want creators to put all their resources into a full long piece never having made anything in VR before? Yes. Or at least for companies who have already made loads of "experiences" (like Fibrum) to cut that out and start making (more) proper games. &gt;Do you think that devs have been working on VR forever? How could you believe that I think this? When did I say such a thing? &gt;Do you realize any of the issues involved in shooting 3d360? In fact I do! But I also prefer the end result to 2D video. It looks like you read meaning into my post that wasn't there; namely, you got the impression that I believe there is no difference in workload between creating full games and noninteractive experiences and that I don't know about the massive jump in cost and difficulty between shooting panoramic 3D video versus 2D. What baffles me is that I never argued for any of these views, I do not hold them and I don't see how you could get that impression from what I wrote unless you're in the habit of casually assuming anybody whose opinions you find disagreeable is a total ignoramus compared to you. If so, that is a rather uncharitable perspective that I am not going to be able to help you with in the span of this post.
I was provoked first. [Here is where it occurred](http://i.imgur.com/SQgPMzt.png). Provocation justifies retaliation.
I agree (mostly), and some time ago I wrote [a post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Terminator/comments/3m0yb9/the_personal_significance_of_the_terminator_films/) about this over on /r/Terminator that you may enjoy. The reprogrammed T-800's redeeming quality was that in spite of his limited nature and rigid demeanor, he was a loyal protector of Sarah and John. There's a lesson in that.
I suppose I'm confused then
Nothing. I've been eyeballing a "[prosthetic neuronal memory chip](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prosthetic_Neuronal_Memory_Silicon_Chips)" as my third implant for precisely that reason. I suspect any increase in intelligence is sort of self-justifying in that you can then look back on who/what you were before and would feel no desire to return to it, due to how your perspective has expanded.
She did a great job! They're both really on model.
Bioshock 1 and 2 with VorpX.
[One](http://www.oticonmedical.com/Medical/OurProducts/Sound%20Processors/ponto-plus.aspx) [Two](https://dangerousthings.com/shop/xnt-ntag216-2x12mm-glass-tag/)
In the sense that Vive owners are locked out of Oculus Home content though.
The general principle of open access to content for the good of all VR users.
I don't know what you mean by that. I don't play Overwatch or know much about it.
I think there are ways around that, although I am not very knowledgeable about such matters. I know it's something people commonly do, so there must be some way to reduce the costs.
It doesn't take much for Christians to get all murdery.
Yahweh is a pretty murdery guy. So yeah, unsurprisingly his followers are responsible for the lion's share of religiously motivated violence in the world and have been for many centuries. When will this nightmare end, I wonder.
Try telling this to the cop who stops you.
Beside the seats, I love it.
You. I like you.
Aw yiss
"Light Hater" by Grand Magus.
I know about Star VR but appreciate the good intent in sharing this with me.
Aw yiss
Nope.
VR horror is some serious next level shit. It's what made me pay the big bucks for a Rift and Gear VR. Nothing else compares.
Hell yes it is.
}:\
Write for cardboard then. Or Gear VR, which now has a pretty sizable user base too.
Should humans have an off switch? Or is that something we feel comfortable inflicting on machines, but not ourselves?
If you couldn't reason with religious people, there would be no atheists.
Hey, that's pretty cool. Thanks for the heads up, friendo.
Hot damn, this is cutting edge stuff. I just recently watched a documentary from the 80s about how we'd one day be building inflatable habitats in space.
I remember an intro to either this show or something like it where Christianity's spread is depicted as rapidly multiplying red dots on a globe, cheered on by the show's good guys, declaring "they can't stop it!" as the bad guys, cigar chomping secularists in league with Satan, shake their fists angrily. I remember thinking "that looks a lot like the propagation of a disease".
Because large parts of their worldview, including beliefs in which they are emotionally invested, assume that supernatural forces/beings exist. They aren't getting mad at what you actually said, but rather, the implications it has for their framework of belief.
This is part of how they keep people from leaving. Like chains binding you that are invisible until you try to move.
You're doing good work.
Yeah, it's code for "become more firmly, irreversibly Christian".
&gt; Well new nuclear submarines are very expensive. Like very very expensive. So expensive that only large countrys can afford them. I don't know where you could source the money to build one. Yet we have 70. Apparently we can afford such a fleet for military purposes, despite no nuclear sub ever being used in combat, but we cannot afford *one* for science. Disappointing if you ask me, and unwise priorities.
Good point! "Technologies" btw. Apostrophes indicate possession or contractions, not plurality.
While you are in the Maldives, if you can, seek out some of the underwater restaurants and spas. It has several, and is almost the only place in the world with such attractions. Lime Spa, "water", and Ithaa are some examples.
So far Windlands has been the best of the lot. It's a very serene, creative, tight package of game design.
&gt;Not really true So surface support ships operate for free? &gt;the limitation is the need to recharge the batteries That's also true, but not to the exclusion of what I said. &gt; non-nuclear submarine can hold just as much food as a nuclear one, and can contain more than enough diesel to recharge the batteries several times over. What it cannot do is operate for nearly as long away from port. &gt;A nuclear sub also has a longer range without refuelling, but that's hardly relevant to a scientific sub If the sites of interest are far apart, that's untrue. &gt;a conventional sub can travel thousands of miles (Again, referring to the type 214, 12,000 miles) without refuelling If you don't intend to come back, I suppose. &gt;Surfacing once every 3 weeks to charge the batteries is not a significant limitation for anything I can think of... you can still stay out at sea for 3 months at a time, like a nuclear sub does, you just have to come to the surface a couple of times while you do it. I will tentatively agree here with the stipulation that it depends how the submarine is configured internally. If you're using it to perform saturation diving and the entire sub interior is allowed to equalize with the outside pressure, then it absolutely is undesirable that it has to surface once every 21 days. If instead the sub is large enough that most of it can remain at 1 atmosphere while a section of it is pressure variable and able to decompress divers, it is less of an issue.
Though that is a very satisfying narrative, studies reveal that the opposite is true: http://metro.co.uk/2015/07/29/bullies-actually-have-high-self-esteem-and-do-better-in-life-5317379/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/on-leadership/wp/2013/05/20/why-bullies-succeed-at-work-2/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/07/30/bullies-are-happier-have-more-sex-appeal-says-study/ Meanwhile people who experienced significant bullying in their youth [never recover from it](http://www.livescience.com/53034-childhood-bullying-lasting-mental-health-effects.html). It does not "make them stronger" but leaves them with irreparable issues.
How so? The existence of humanity mind you, not life in general. Let's also be honest about the intended meaning, that evolution does not work by itself but requires external intelligent guidance, which is simultaneously false and invalidates the concept of evolution anyway, making it out to be a bizarre, needlessly brutal and convoluted way to develop life over a wastefully long period of time (that just happens, conveniently, to look as if it occurs naturally). There is a lot wrong with the Christian take on evolution that is not easily dismissed. Near as I can tell, there are two main camps: The first are people who have not yet had their "a ha" moment where the workings of evolution by natural selection click in their mind and it becomes undeniable. These people still see stubborn denial of it as a viable approach. The other camp consists of people who still consider Christianity to be true beyond doubt, but are also helpless but to acknowledge that evolution is true. For someone with this set of beliefs, it is necessary to find some way for Christianity and evolution to go together, as logically two true things must not contradict each other. People in the first camp are more comprehensible to me than people in the second. They rightly recognize that Christianity cannot actually be reconciled with evolution. They cannot, will not reject Christianity, so they reject evolution. The people in the second camp are the ones who really vex me, because they seem to accept absolutely any superficially plausible means of reconciling Christianity with evolution, because that's what they want to hear, even though it breaks down when examined more closely. If you were to suggest to them that evolution is in fact a subset of the Hindu worldview, or the Islamic worldview, they would recognize that as absurd because both of those religions originated in periods of comparative ignorance of biology, long before evolution was known about by anybody. But they consider it uniquely credible that evolution has been part of the Christian understanding all along (though it hasn't) because to them it is not just another religion but the final truth of the universe revealed by God. So, they can do nothing else except believe that evolution fits into Christianity somewhere even though the authors of scripture plainly weren't aware of it, any more than the authors of the Bhagavad Gita or the Qur'an.
Why is that unreasonable to ask for? If it's because the immaterial and the material do not overlap/interact (making it impossible to test for the immaterial, as you have implied) then how do immaterial souls interface with our material brains/bodies?
No prob. I must admit I also like the design of this bike. $1,800 is a little exorbitant but I have seen worse for prebuilts. That's also my problem with the Faraday. Absolutely beautiful price, but for the tiny battery and weak motor, the price is outrageous.
The problems you have described are still easily solvable if you act quickly. As your landlady, she just wants to scare you into paying soon. While you are a responsible tenant, many tenants are not responsible and frequently give their landlords/ladies a lot of trouble collecting payment. The landlady does not know you personally and is likely to assume the worst of tenants in general because of what she deals with from tenants other than yourself. The important thing is that you do have the money. You should be fine so long as you act promptly to make sure she understands you have the money and intend to pay very soon. An explanation of the complications which prevented making payment on time might also placate her.
Robots and small animals.
Does not work for me. I fire up the game and it appears on my monitor, but in the Rift, all I see is "wait" followed by "Monstrum.exe is taking longer than usual to respond" then something about taking off my headset to check on the program.
I don't think cruelty is learned. I think it's part of tribal dynamics, which are instinctual.
&gt; Once an immaterial thing "overlaps" into material, it ceases to be immaterial. Fascinating findings. May I know how you discovered this? &gt;Interacting is different concept but it wouldn't necessarily produce material evidence of an immaterial being. If it becomes material for the purpose of interaction, then in principle it is testable by material means.
Now *that's* simply uncalled for.
This happens with humans in pools but usually it's some inattentive mother's child who releases the depth charge
A meme designed to spread based on another meme designed to spread We are through the looking glass, people
There is a reason why Christianity, from the beginning, targeted the poor for conversion. People who have nothing and are suffering/uneducated are less able to critically evaluate your claims and will be more likely to believe someone who takes an interest in/helps them.
I don't think science offends them, generally they think science is a subset of their religion and thus all scientific findings must fit within that framework of belief, even if exactly &amp;how&amp; they fit is not yet obvious.
I hope they integrated a sound system to blast the blackest metal known to man at all times during operation
Oh, you sweet Summer child. :3
No, I don't remember that. In fact I remember being told the opposite, that if we decieved someone in order to save their soul, that's a special case and we'll be forgiven for it.
If you will forgive me for plugging my own (free) work: [Metal Fever](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/14223) [The Slow Reveal](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/6668)
Good job. :3
Very astute. I don't hold it against anybody though. It's perfectly understandable, just a bother. I am probably just feeling excessively self conscious.
Ain't no thing but a chicken wing bruh
Oculus Rift for doges
Oh, my bad. Myoelectric means that the prosthetic recieves input from the nerves of the original limb or residual ones that have been reimplanted in the patient's chest or back. This is so those nerve endings can be attached to sensors that pick up signals meant for the hand (which is no longer there). This allows more fine, precise control that is very difficult to achieve with a brain interface as we already know which nerve endings control what, and they're relatively far apart and easy to work with. CNS stands for central nervous system. Targeted reinnervation is the operation I just talked about where they reimplant salvaged nerves from a removed limb and attach sensors to the nerve endings.
I was wondering when they'd do this. It'll likely get worse before it gets better.
Darknet and Tactera are quite good, and have high replay value.
You can already do that.
Edge of Nowhere is currently the best horror game for the CV1.
Yes, [many](https://www.reddit.com/r/RiftintotheMind/comments/40d7dq/vr_one_gx_3g_mushrooms/) [times](https://www.reddit.com/r/RiftintotheMind/comments/4iu5ap/psychedelics_are_vr_lubricant/). I'm [quoted](http://www.techradar.com/us/news/wearables/what-it-s-like-to-take-drugs-with-virtual-reality-1318460) in a techradar article about the topic. As you might imagine, it is an endlessly fascinating experience.
That new AMD RX 480 is only $200 but outperforms a GTX 1070.
I set a GPS waypoint on my phone.
Sure, but so what?
Did they explicitly say that?
I'm aware, and use that flair sometimes. But pantheists typically just label the universe God without any good reason to do so. There is a lot more to what I believe than that.
&gt;I believe that but still as words "materialists" and "pantheists" are used to define two different world views. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naturalistic_pantheism &gt;Materialism is that there is no greater whole or meaning to it all Negative. Materialism is only a rejection of substance dualism (belief in supernatural phenomena)
Edge of Nowhere. Short but sweet.
( ..._...)
[Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/4a5zm2/diagram_of_a_memetic_virus/) the first part. See what you think of that.
&gt;On pentecost Oh. Ohhhh. Hahahaha, well then. &gt;Your eschatology is a garbled mass of false-falsifications. This is what most Christians say about Pentacostals though
"You fall short in areas that Islam forces you to fall short in, therefore you are inherently inferior" And because they were raised in those surroundings and cannot conceive of Islam being untrue, they had to grin and bear it. Mohammad was the human equivalent of a dumpster fire.
&gt;So? any event that cannot be repeated? is not amenable to science, because its process cannot - even in theory - be falsified. Are you aware of the work of Richard Muller? He was a scientist funded by the Koch brothers, tasked with repeating all of the experiments which led to the conclusion that industrial emissions cause most of the anomalously rapid warming in question. Their hope was that these new experiments would disprove AGW. So indeed, those experiments were repeatable. And if the results did not come out the same the second time, AGW would be falsified. But [do you know what happened](https://www.theguardian.com/science/2012/jul/29/climate-change-sceptics-change-mind)? As for evolution, what part of it is not repeatable or falsifiable? The long term [E. Coli experiment](http://myxo.css.msu.edu/ecoli/) has allowed for the realtime observation of speciation in action, for instance. What I'm seeing in your post is a rationale for selectively accepting scientific findings which do not conflict with your religious and political ideals, while rejecting the ones that do.
&gt;As I said: don't care enough about shoe-horns. What's a shoe-horn, in this context? &gt;And neither of your theory-examples - which I will stipulate as fact - strike any critical blow to Christianity. In fact, they do. What you mean is that you don't accept it, which is no surprise, as Christian refusal to budge when met with evidence contradicting their beliefs is why [a majority of US Christians remain YEC](http://www.gallup.com/poll/155003/hold-creationist-view-human-origins.aspx ). It is a well documented tendency that defines Christians as a group, and is why their religion has endured for so long; they refuse to be wrong. &gt;Evolution strikes at genesis, but some Christian theists have managed to accomodate both at once. Most simply reject evolution actually. But those that don't are attempting reconciliation [on false pretenses](http://pastebin.com/raw/8qzbhBn4). &gt;You have succeeded in attempting one red herring, and one rabbit trail. This is why you don't believe? Seems weak. I'm sure you think so, but so does a Scientologist listening to patient explanations of the nature of Scientology and why he should leave it. I have no doubt that you can imagine reasons to reject what I've shown you. That doesn't mean I haven't supplied evidence that would satisfy a reasonable person. It means that someone deep into Christianity is unusually intractable. It's designed to make you that way.
Comes equipped with 1 tweeter
No, not exactly. It's a baha, or "bone anchored hearing aid". Though a hearing aid simply amplifies sound, which would do me zero good as hearing in my left ear is 100% dead, the device takes in sound on that side and converts it to vibrations sent through my skull to the working inner ear on my right side. It does have bluetooth and works more or less like a "built in" set of bone conduction headphones. It may seem strange, but I relish the chance to be more closely connected to my smartphone and the internet.
It has no brakes
The Edge of Nowhere is the beginnings of concrete movement away from that and towards real, fleshed out games I think.
I too am still a leftist, but oppose Islam because it is itself diametrically opposed to leftist ideals. If you are a sincere leftist but defend Islam you are a useful idiot, helping people who by and large want you dead just because you earn brownie points with your buddies by defending the percieved underdog. It's called virtue signaling, the modern equivalent of overt piety. "Oh look what a good person I am. I submit to the community's ideals and even champion them, reward me". Like a domesticated dog that rolls over and pisses all over itself to signal submission.
It has 235 members.
Even the blind squirrel sometimes finds an acorn.
I wish we could selectively accept middle eastern apostates.
I mind. In fact so long as I live and breathe, I swear I will not allow such an outcome.
:'3
I see. Then what's [this](http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2005-01/sumc-rgm012705.php) about?
&gt; It would be silly not to recognize that visible attributes of individuals have a genetic basis, or to assume that people from a similar region wouldn't have certain shared characteristics (often things like propensity for disease, certain addictions, tolerance to various environmental things). Yet all of that is flatly denied today by countless university sociology professors who claim that race is not only a social construct, but one with *no basis in biology*. Once we agree they are lying, we can begin to speculate as to why. That's the really interesting discussion to have, imo.
It was once believed that evolution could happen to individuals by way of exertion. (Lamarckism). Does this discredit evolution overall, or just mean that we once had mistaken ideas about how it works?
&gt;If you're a Muslim who can participate in the Western liberal views that many hold to be true and important All 10 of them?
&gt;basically a form of Lamarckism. I dispute that description of it. Lamarckism proposed that acquired traits could be passed on hereditarily. That necessitates a biological dimension to how it would work. Epigenetics is a field concerned with behaviors passed on outside of biology via things like language, culture, technology and so forth.
[Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/islamicleft) the subreddit for leftist Muslims. It has a whopping 236 members. By comparison, /r/Islam has 31,746 members. 236 is not even 1% of 31,746. It's about 0.7%.
&gt;enough exist So few relative to the rest that statistically they're within the margin of error.
&gt;The greatest threat to the rights of LGBT individuals (and comparative liberal gains) in most Western nations is evangelical Christianity. Why is it that every time a Muslim murders a bunch of people, somehow Christianity gets blamed?
This is beautiful. Will it still be going on tomorrow?
...There will be a singleplayer, right? Right? The multiplayer doesn't concern me as it can be fixed so it's classic with mods. What concerns me is whether it will have an SP campaign.
I dunno man. I still don't want Trump. Choosing between Trump and Hillary is like choosing between putting my dick into a blast furnace or a lawnmower.
Some whiz bang, straight to the point proofs of evolution I like to use with such people are the fact that ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny, or that the taxonomic "tree" map of degrees of interrelation between species matches up precisely with what our emerging genomic map says, which is also corroborated by the order that species appear in the fossil record. That is a convergence which would be unfathomably improbable were evolution untrue.
Argue that it cannot be flat because it is hollow, with Vril-Ya living inside in their grand capitol city of Agartha.
/u/I_Love_GTR says he wasn't religious. One of you is incorrect.
http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-orlando-nightclub-shooting-20160613-snap-story.html &gt;"Also Monday, officials said Mateen appeared to have been radicalized by Islamic extremists on the Internet but expressed sympathies with radical groups that violently oppose each other." &gt;The FBI previously investigated Mateen, a security guard, for 11 months for telling co-workers in 2013 that he had relatives connected to Al Qaeda, the Sunni Muslim extremist group, while claiming he was a member of Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shiite militia, Comey said. Both groups oppose Islamic State and each other."
I knew I could rely on you to zero in on whatever detail would let you dismiss all of it. The fact that he expressed support for opposing Islamist groups does not show he wasn't a Muslim or that he didn't have any involvement with radical Muslim groups, just the opposite. It means he supported groups which agreed with the matters of import to him but disagreed in other area.
&gt; Never stated you mentioning bullets, that was my add on. Bullets, Jail, deportation, segregation. these are all forms of force or threatened force on another human to conform to your or my ideas. This is exactly what they are doing. This is not the way to win. Logically and practically nothing prevents stopping short of violence and simply moving people from one place to another. &gt;There is a difference between asserting truth over a falsehood and jailing clergy or anyone for that matter simply because they are teaching a falsehood that they themselves were taught/brainwashed to believe. The person you were chatting with went for the (attack the person not the idea approach). Not a great way to make allies to the cause. What do you do when your computer gets a virus? Do you tolerate it and try to ensure many different viruses are present for diversity and have equal access to your hardware?
&gt;Forcing people to leave the country because of their religious beliefs is segregation. Segregation is enforced separation of subpopulations within a country, like apartheid. Your definition would include simply having countries separated by borders at all, which is absurd.
Calm down bro.
The tail poking out at the end!! :'3
How can it be racially motivated? There are photos of the victim and the bullies. They are all lily white. Do you want to place a friendly wager as to their motivation? I could use some easy money.
Boopy McDooperson
"How much did I have to drink last night"
I don't share this impression. I've read mostly glowing reviews and to me it seems more natural by far than teleporting.
It should take place inside thr Ark as it is slowly corrupted by WAU, which it turns out hitched a ride
I doubt motion controllers will somehow add roomscale or positional tracking to gear vr.
Why is it impossible for women to be fit, but a foregone expectation that men be?
What I don't get is why they think it's urgent absolutely everybody makes babies. Is there a shortage of humans, or an excess?
It is shockingly polished and charming for a fishing game. I wasn't expecting that.
Also motion controls for the rod.
The main thing I want is a giant fov. I am keeping a close eye on Star VR development.
Good for you.
Empirical.
Marsy McMarsface
I'm keeping a close eye on this. The only way I'll upgrade is for an HMD with a substantially higher field of view, and this has it. The fantasy of slipping an HMD on and seeing *nothing* but the game world has consumed me since I was 12.
&gt;"Yet, Jesus promised that he would give them a *spiritual family* to love them and care for them. " Also known as a cult.
Well that sucks, as a new mainline 3D Mario is the only thing that could convince me to buy an NX.
Oh, I see. Mine was very different. I saw what the universe is "for", and the part we play in all of it. Are you sure you didn't give up too soon?
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/4a5zm2/diagram_of_a_memetic_virus/) may help.
Metroid Prime.
&gt;enable syncing of GPU and CPU Where's that? I see no such option.
Yeah, everything you need is in the game specific hacks menu. Right click on the game banner under the game list in the main window of Dolphin. Select "properties". Now, under "hide objects" select "remove dark screen tint 1", "remove dark screen tint 2" and "remove gloomy day filter". Now under the "AR Codes" tab, check "Widescreen heatwave fix".
I didn't understand what useful information a video could convey given that the game is viewed in VR.
Pleased to hear he hasn't abandoned it, because while F-Zero GX runs perfectly on the newest version of Dolphin, the version this VR fork is based on does not.
Try switching to OpenAL under audio?
( ._.)
It won't boot with the other stick installed. I don't know why, they're identical, dual channel mode *should* work fine.
&gt; Too bad that the culling disabled makes it unbearably slow. Does it? Not for me. What's your hardware?
Mainline Christians do this too. If you left Christianity it's because you're a "fat edgy neckbeard fedora wearing teenager who is just rebelling against your dad for making you go to church on Sunday instead of playing Xbox." That sort of smug, comfortable self-reassurance that no credible, justifiable reasons exist to dispute your beliefs is a really tough nut to crack. When someone is not yet to the point in their development where they routinely perform critical self-analysis to gauge whether they're being reasonable (or they don't care), whenever challenged on something emotionally important to them, they will fall back on that mode of thinking where anybody who disagrees is some sort of annoying, ridiculous troll with illegitimate motives.
&gt;"Sin creates distance creates disbelief." Could you elaborate on this part?
&gt;I cant even find the actual studies for some of these. Kind of knocks the credibility of claims that appear to quote a study but the study is nowhere to be found. You Google the name of each study. Usually X&amp;Y where X and Y are the names of the principle investigators. The rest of the post reads like a rationale for rejecting unwanted conclusions. It is the same set of assumptions often used to dismiss evolution as something fabricated for the express purpose of justifying atheism.
Is deciding for dispassionate, logical reasons that Christianity is unlikely to be true in a factual sense the same as being let down by God? Or do you mean something else by that?
Me too. I don't have the answers you want, sadly.
Deism mainly. If you Google "nones are not atheists" and choose whichever source you like, you'll find most persist in belief in a supreme being but no longer belong to a religion despite many of them still holding almost all the same core beliefs.
Which of these do you consider valid reasons? In my view, 1 isn't reasonable as if the God of Christianity is real we have to deal with what it expects from us. Likewise with 4, as dismissing those rules because they are inconvenient or upsetting would displease God and short term hindrance in life is nothing next to an eternity of torment. I have heard pretty good, sound apologetics for 5. But none of that's relevant if 2 and 3 are true, making them (imo) the only valid reasons in that list. Maybe I'm looking at it wrong though? Idk.
May I ask how you arrived at the conclusion that you, personally, are the messiah?
&gt; Being unimpressed at the more out-of-the-ordinary views you sometimes hear such as Creationism. Actually, YEC [is the majority view](http://www.gallup.com/poll/155003/hold-creationist-view-human-origins.aspx) among US Christians. As per that link, 46% of Americans hold creationist views. Since Christians are 75-80% of Americans the subset of American Christians that hold creationist views is around 60~%. (The question was worded: “Do you believe that all life on Earth appeared in its present form some time within the last 10,000 years?”) Even [a surprising 35%](http://www.pewforum.org/Science-and-Bioethics/Religious-Differences-on-the-Question-of-Evolution.aspx ) of US Catholics are YEC. It is a much more common view than moderate Christians are aware of, or like to think about.
Are there people who properly understand Christianity, but leave because they conclude it is untrue based on that understanding?
As a hypothetical, could it be that the reason you're not a Mormon or a Muslim is due to misunderstanding the doctrines of those religions? Is total, comprehensive knowledge of Mormonism and Islam necessary to validly conclude that they are false?
Gamecube. I cannot tell you how the Wii version handles as I don't have a Wiimote and the game won't allow me to continue without one connected. Sorry, wish I could be more help.
What manipulation has occurred? Several posters so far have given reasons which reflect poorly on apostates. I did not cause that to occur, that I know of. Imo, manipulation would be something like promising you a fantastic future reward (that is conveniently impossible to prove or disprove) if you worship me, and threatening you with an also impossible to prove/disprove horrific punishment if you don't.
Hm. That's a good answer which is also a basic rule for movements of all kinds. Movements that are primarily anti-something fare much worse than those which are primarily for something.
&gt; I would agree that the Qur'an and the Book of Mormon aren't reliable sources, but, the Bible (especially the New Testament) is a different story. No it isn't. You think so because you're a Christian. &gt;The following link is to some videos that explain this far better than I could. Christian apologetics videos are not a valid source. &gt;The link you provided demonstates my point a bit more. Miracles are more like one-time occurances; they are things that, by default, the scientific method (or simple observation) can't be used on. How do you know this? &gt;Miracles often require a history-like standard of evidence (which is, again, wholly different from other standards of evidence because historical events cannot be retested, and other means have to be used to determine historical truths). One of Muhammad's historical miracles was to split the Moon in half by pointing at it, then to rejoin the halves soon after as proof that he was a prophet sent by God. Do you think that really happened? Muslims do, and have ample apologetics that convince them of it. But that's to be expected given how long Islam has had to accumulate such defenses, surely?
&gt;No, you ignored my answers. I gave you reasons why I don't agree. That is not ignoring. Ignoring is what you did to the entire section concerning neurobiology and substance dualism. &gt;I'm pretty sure this isn't going to go anywhere, so I'm hanging up now. Have a nice day. Perhaps, but not because of me.
No, I have confidence based on prior experience with their actions that they would. If I knew nothing of my family except that they existed I would have no basis for assuming anything about their behavior.
&gt;and our interpretations may have more to do with what a person wants to be true than we'd like to admit. I am inclined to agree with that, but cannot imagine why someone would prefer to believe that death is final. &gt;but belief is the choice to put one's trust and hope in God ...And to lean not on your own understanding, as scripture says. To walk by faith, not by sight. Because the wisdom of men is foolishness to God. All things you might tell someone if you'd like them to uncritically believe a lie, no?
It's possible to use it that way, but that isn't what it means in a religious context. If the deal is you're going to force this on me, to say I have faith in something, realize you're only doing that to legitimize your own faith, out of a insecurity. As if to say "It's alright for me to believe in this based on faith, because everybody does that".
It's not a book or anywhere close to that length, but you might have a look at [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/4a5zm2/diagram_of_a_memetic_virus/).
You may be interested to know that Mormon leadership gives reasons [very much like yours](https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/4ovkte/priesthood_question_today_why_do_people_leave_the/) for why people leave Mormonism. Are they being honest, or just trying to distract members from the many legitimate reasons to doubt the truth of their religion by casting aspersions on people who leave it? If you were to ask a Mormon, he or she would likely tell you that no actual, valid reasons exist to conclude Mormonism is untrue. If they didn't believe that, they wouldn't be a Mormon.
&gt;If you are a highly rational person, hopefully you recognize that many brilliant and highly-educated men/women are Christians who regularly engage with serious questions about the faith. There are also many brilliant, highly educated men and women who aren't religious. Which group do you suppose is larger? &gt;Are you saying you no longer believe because arguments against Christianity are convincing or are you claiming to have found a certain refutation of the faith? Several. &gt;If the former, it sounds like you are open to learning more, but if the latter I would be curious to know how you accomplished that. The same way as countless people before me. Christianity endures not because there exist no refutations of it, but because Christians by and large refuse to be wrong.
I did search. I was a Christian for a long time. I didn't find Jehova. From the start, it seemed really conspicuous that the supreme being of the whole universe should be specifically male, when that's a human gender. Do all aliens, everywhere, have the same 2 genders as humans? Or why Yahweh has such human, male desires. Like commanding women to be subservient to their husbands, to keep quiet in church and never hold authority over men. Or finding gay sex gross and commanding it be punished with death. These aren't the dispassionate, cosmic concerns a real supreme being would have. Yahweh seems like a magnified version of the average man from that period, designed to scare women, gays and other sources of irritation for men into behaving how men prefer them to. It's really obvious if you look at the structure of it. If you believe, you recieve a fantastic reward! But it's one designed to be conveniently impossible to prove or disprove because it's after death. If you don't believe, or ever stop, then you received a horrible punishment which is also conveniently unfalsifiable. The ol' carrot and stick method. Bribe and threat, good cop bad cop. The more I dug, the more stuff like that I found. Satan as an invisible trickster character who leads us astray from "the truth". So that whenever we see, hear or read things that would make us doubt Christianity, that's just Satan leading us astray. A very good method for sabotaging critical thought! As are verses like *“Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding”*, *“For we live by faith, not by sight”*, *“There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death”* and *“Those who trust in themselves are fools, but those who walk in wisdom are kept safe.”* Probably none of this will get through to you. If you've ever tried to argue someone out of Islam, Mormonism, Scientology or a pyramid scheme, you already know how difficult that is. They've been conditioned not to listen and equipped with all manner of defenses to use. They can't see from the inside what they're in, but from the outside it's obvious. That's why you can see what Scientology really is, but a Scientologist can't. I made the mistake for a long time of assuming that if Christianity is untrue, no God exists. That doesn't actually follow logically. But when you're raised in that environment it's the only conception of God that feels credible to you. So most, when disconvinced of the religion of their youth, become atheists. They don't have the same lifelong connection to the Gods of other religions and so no reason to convert to any other faith. I was mistaken, though. To my great surprise, acceptance of the same evidence which leads many to atheism, when thought through unusually exhaustively, led to quite a different conclusion. Not to worry friend, I did find God, just not Yahweh. It's possible that when Christians feel a connection to Yahweh they are in fact feeling a connection to the actual supreme being, but are mistaken as to its identity and nature because they've put a human mask on it.
The early Christian writings are supplied right there in the thread. Have a look at [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg5Gje13A6k). What is happening in this clip? Why is Michael Scott (the CEO) stubbornly resistant to his employee's observations when they structurally identify the business model he is describing as a pyramid scheme? What causes that effect? Edit: &gt;"You are using a thesis approach to test religion, throwing out ideas and analogies that compare it to things you already understand and building narratives about how and why it works the way it does. You have no in-depth understanding of theology or Christian history, but you figure if your ideas can be refuted, they will be." You have no in-depth understanding of Islamic theology, but you consider what you know of it sufficient to conclude that it is untrue. Likewise with many other religions. You have not studied them all in the depth you expect me to study Christianity but nevertheless do not take their truth claims seriously. This is because, as an outsider, you can recognize what they are, that they are untrue and how they propagate. You've just not turned that same magnifying glass back on yourself, and on Christianity. &gt;There are many books written by philosophers and theologians, some of which are Christians, some of which are not, that can get you from point A to point wherever much faster than a bunch of random folks on the Internet. Likewise, there exist libraries packed with Islamic apologetics which you cannot possibly have read all of, yet you are not a Muslim. Perhaps you recognize that it is unsurprising that so much in the way of accumulated defensive arguments should exist for Islam given that it's 1,400 years old. That's a lot of time during which generation upon generation of Islamic scholars have devoted themselves to rendering Islam more coherent and defensible in the sincere, earnest belief that it is true. Likewise with Christian apologetics.
&gt;Even from a secular perspective it soons become readily apparent that if a religion is true it is Christianity Er, what? If that were the case, everybody would be a Christian. &gt;the others are blatantly made up. Then why don't people in those religions realize it? You can see that they're obviously false *from the outside*. It is much harder to see that from the inside. They're designed to prevent that realization or everybody would leave. You are in the same sort of thing right now, but you don't realize it for the same reason that people in other religions don't. Because I am outside your religion, I can see it is obviously untrue, just as you can see that about religions you're not in.
What were your reasons for being an atheist? If it's emotionally driven stuff like issues with the church, objections to Christian positions on stuff like gay marriage or the problem of evil, you're liable to relapse as you never actually understood why Christianity is false, you just didn't like it.
There already exist prebuilt all in one cases for PCs that integrate the keyboard.
I do need to be productive to feel good. I just know better than the current economic model what I am good for. I make a much better writer than a labor unit. With my needs met, I could write happily in some remote cabin and ultimately produce a much larger volume of writing before my death than will be possible the way things are now, as I must spend most of my waking hours toiling to support my life. This would indeed be an unreasonable and entitled view if not for the fact that nearly everything I need is produced today by robots. Yet prices do not reflect it. I am still paying for goods as if I am compensating human laborers for their efforts when the products in question for the most part go from raw materials to finished product without human hands ever touching it.
&gt; The Jews prophesied a messiah was coming, right? They had said thousands of years ago a man was going to show up and turn the world on it's head. They were quite a lot more specific than that. The Torah specifies many attributes of the messiah Jesus doesn't have, and many actions he never performed. [Link](http://www.aish.com/jw/s/48892792.html) The Christian apologetics for this are appallingly weak. &gt;Well here comes this guy performing miracles Only according to the Bible, and no other book from that period. Similarly, the Qur'an says Muhammad performed many miracles which also do not appear in any period works not written by Muslims. &gt;He's fulfilling prophecies left and right [No he didn't](http://www.aish.com/jw/s/48892792.html). The Bible claims he did, but given who wrote it, of course it says that. Go ask a Jew if Jesus fulfilled Jewish prophecies concerning the messiah. &gt;There is no way for a man to gather that much support out of nothing. Then explain why you're not a Muslim or a Mormon, given that Muhammad and Joseph Smith did the same thing. You later say these religions are obviously false, yet the defenses of Christianity you give here apply just as easily to these other religions. &gt;The Bible even talks about where the Jewish leaders say, "We've dealt with false prophets before. They always fade away without the true mandate of God. Let this burn out." But that didn't happen. See above. Christianity is not the only major world religion, and as you're not in Islam or Mormonism, you can (from the outside) recognize how they began. Just turn that same understanding back on Christianity. &gt;Not only this but after Jesus was crucified people claimed to see him rise from the dead. And not just a few people, but hundreds. Only according to the Bible. According to the Qur'an, millions witnessed Muhammad split the Moon in half by pointing at it, then rejoin the halves. A book written by a small number of people claiming loads of people witnessed something is not a very high standard of proof. &gt;The people that witnessed the events of Jesus were so convinced of his message and power they were willing to stand up in the face of persecution. Early Mormons faced severe persecution up to and including [a government ordered extermination effort](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missouri_Executive_Order_44). By your own logic this must mean Mormonism is true, otherwise they never would have stuck with it despite such terrible persecution. &gt;They had seen Jesus perform miracles. Only according to the Bible, and no other source from that period. &gt;and the message of Jesus spread like wildfire Or [like a virus](https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/4a5zm2/diagram_of_a_memetic_virus/), if you will. But yes it's extremely efficient at spreading and resisting removal, as that's what it's designed to do. This is also the main reason why Islam and Mormonism got so big. &gt;Not a single person living today has had their life unaffected by the words and actions of this singular poor man from the middle east. Indeed, but there's [a simpler explanation](https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/4a5zm2/diagram_of_a_memetic_virus/) for that.
Then why don't you take modern day cults seriously?
&gt;Optically, I'm also disappointed with whats been reported when comparing the two HMD's. The Rift has much noticeably clearer visuals than is let on by the media. I understand they have similar lenses and resolutions, but whatever was done to the Rift makes the visuals simply sharper. I guess when higher resolutions display come into the mix this won't be an issue but this was a happy surprise for me. I even tried Project cars from Steam VR and the visuals are better on the oculus. Hear hear. Vive owners are loathe to admit this. Though there are good "vote with your dollar" ethical reasons not to support Oculus since Facebook bought them, they simply have the better HMD in terms of what you actually see in it.
&gt;Out of curiosity, what do you think accounts for consciousness and 'free will'? Consciousness is something like software running on the biological computer which is our brain, and free will [doesn't actually exist](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;rlz=1C1ASUC_enUS568US568&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=free%20will%20decisions%207%20seconds), it just subjectively seems to. As a thought experiment, if time were to rewind to the point before you started writing your post, wouldn't you write the exact same things? Our actions aren't random, but decided by circumstance and prior experience. I posit that given your own past experiences there is no other way you could've turned out than how you are now. The brain isn't magical. It's made of atoms. Atoms interact in a very predictable, causal fashion like falling dominos. As you increase the amount of atoms, the computing power needed to predict the outcome increases non-linearly until it becomes impractical to, but even something the size and complexity of a human brain is still ultimately a predictable system, given enough processing power and complete information about the location and state of every particle comprising it.
Rest assured, your English is much better than my Spanish.
Abrahamic religions are awful. But among them, Islam is by far the worst.
Actually Aquarius reef base already is used for astronaut training exercises. The program is called NEEMO.
:0
}:3
The mind is one in the same with that electrochemical activity. "The mind" is just what we call our firsthand experience of it.
You can't get Star VR at home. It's also impractical for most people to have equipment like an omnidirectional treadmill at home, which greatly enhances the VR experience.
Aw yiss
I still would.
You're redeeming yourself every minute you spend undermining the church, spreading the CES letter, hastening its collapse.
God rays appear unavoidably in high contrast scenes, especially white on black. The alternative is visible fresnel rings like you see in the Vive. It's a matter of opinion which is worse. To me, God rays are the lesser evil.
Indeed, although machine life is much better suited to survive in space. (Intelligent) biological life is just how you get machine life.
What? I've never seen any indication of that. I am aware of the SJW efforts to slander him though.
There's a fork of the Dolphin emulator which runs Gamecube and Wii games brilliantly in VR. Some do work better than others though. Metroid Prime happens to work very logically in VR with the holographic HUD moving with your gaze, independently of the gun. [I wrote a guide for setting it up](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/4ot4k4/the_absolute_best_vr_gaming_experience_i_have_so/?ref=search_posts).
Seconded
"I will still immediately bite your hand though"
Likewise, but the more I've learned about the brain and the degree to which it generates what we perceive from stimuli rather than us percieving the stimuli "directly", the more clear it's become that DMT itself is a sort of VR. The brain includes everything necessary to simulate a false reality, that's what dreaming is (and what DMT does).
Sort of? There are still humans. If you mean other intelligent life has probably already created such machines, we agree.
I was gonna suggest 200 feet, to fully insulate it from the influence of storms. Still not especially deep relative to the full depth of the ocean. Even amatuer hobby subs typically go to at least 250 feet.
I disagree, but ok. The last time someone planned this, the hull was gonna be concrete. The differential involved is not too severe for conventional materials, by a long shot.
Randomized laws of physics wouldn't somehow make the supernatural possible. The number of people who believe something is not a reliable indicator of its credibility, but in this case of how efficiently a religion spreads.
:')
Woooooow. Dat majesty.
Seconding this. What a boon for HMD owners.
It isn't a rom, it's an iso. That may be your problem. Roms are rips of cartridges, isos are rips of optical discs.
Did you check the "enable cheats" box under config?
Works fine for me, but I've had a while to adapt.
The conditions in the OP preclude it then.
Matthew 10:37 *"Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me; anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me."*
I'm noticing far fewer framerate hiccups/freezes in Metroid Prime 2.
I replayed this in VR recently and kept thinking that my younger self would never believe that 14 years later I'd be playing it this way.
Then why would I want this over the older one?
Oh. I don't have a Vive and don't have space for room scale.
What's the newer content?
Marketed to yuppies with more money than sense. You can have a bike with the same specs as a Stromer fpr a tiny fraction of the cost if you build it yourself. Edit: Wait, you think $1,000 is expensive for an EV??
Iso is the correct term. The sites calling them roms are wrong, using that term because they are familiar with it from the pre-optical media days.
&gt; You might try reading it again because it was explained pretty clearly. If you can't understand it after the explanation then you clearly don't have the mental fortitude to even have this conversation in the first place. It isn't okay to behave like this. &gt;What does that matter? Now people need to matter to you personally in order for you to not act like a giant douche towards them? You've been the one acting like a douche so far. I conceded you had a point about the general applicability of the word rom because I am reasonable. You would not concede I had a point about the utility of a separate word for specifying rips of optical media because you are not. You are the sort of person who gauges the value of people based on how quickly and completely they submit to you. For me, it's how someone behaves.
It's a nightmare isn't it? Like waking up in a future thoroughly dominated by Scientology or something.
Check out his posting history. He has a history of behaving in a casually abusive way to numerous people. I only bothered to check after encountering the same sort of shitty behavior from him you're already familiar with.
That is some weapons grade nope right there Source: I can tell by all the legs and by having seen some nope in my time
Daydream may supercede the Gear VR platform if it's significantly better. Samsung could potentially just choose to make their phones Daydream compatible and leave their own proprietary standard behind.
The typical reaction to this is hypergeneralization. *"Well if what I'm in is a cult, then you're in a cult too. Everything is a cult by your definition!"* So that they don't feel singled out, or to accuse you of applying the term too broadly.
Plainly hostile author.
