okay I will do that in conjunction with strengthening
I don't think on this meta ezreal is that easy to play. I always hear how bad people think about the champ because they get a lot of shotty ezreals in their games. Maybe he has a sorta higher skillcap than regular auto arrack champions. But someone with more in depth knowledge would have a better informed opinion
yarrr wait no thats gp mb
then older worn down shen comes back with a mechanical....sword?
dude those death sounds are a little too "chokey" for me. the other lines sound pretty naice tho. maybe the "ugliness" of death is contrasted with his supposed "beauty" of death that he sees. also im bs'ing. will def get this champ nj
holy fuck this joke/pic has been overdone and it's still getting upvotes...the madness reddit
different abilities
hi do you know if his movement animation when he crits/gains ms is buggy? he seems to just power walk vs actually run like I see in the lolking model viewer. not sure if he is actually intended to walk faster or run
to the top with you
I found this thread on the MCU timeline, don't know if it is "valid": http://www.thecomicboard.com/forum/showthread.php?13339-Marvel-Cinematic-Universe-Timeline I'm not sure if you have seen it before, but could you attest to its validity by a quick glance?
thank
wow stop being so inconsiderate you fuckin jerk. this kid has cancer and all you ccare about is upholding your precious reddit policies. boo hoo look at me complain wah. also this (/s)
Yes, i agree. People who would spam this shit regularly do not take offense and would otherwise enjoy justifying their "opinions". It is unfortunate that they exhibit these opinions in the form of mindless spam and memes though
it doesn't matter if she can read hundreds of these comments and not take offense. the problem comes from people saying them and putting them out there in the first place.
that is so fucking rad.
if you are saying they are discussing a blade show with wesley snipes that has not been confirmed anywhere.
Yes until we get a tweet from official netflix accounts/marvel (like JJ) or from the marvel website, just rumors
I really don't know about this. Usually i am a veery bad critic when it comes to anything I consume through shows/books. My bias towards liking disallows me from objectively viewing how good or bad it is. From the thread on /r/all, it seems a LOT of people did not like it. This could mean that the audience that did enjoy it is mostly not composed of redditors, but I still feel it is significant. There were many problems they picked out that I didn't notice before, which worries me
worth
and mine
At the end of Thor 2 Sif and the other guy in Thor's team deliver the Aether in a containment device to the collector. It's a post credit scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbtJZx-ShOE
well if you're hydra then dw
this city
If marvel were to pull any shit like that I would actually lose a huge admiration for Feige for not having the balls to coordinate Studios with TV better. I will also just lose faith in general
I always forgot to use the active anyways or forgot to buy it justbronzethings
this seriously reminded me more of batman than anything else. just shorter ears and different eyes
good im glad
lol that's great
wtf
This is really hard for me because the major reason I finally changed was after a very violent set of images/videos from the food industry. Sometimes I am stupid and think that meat eaters are murderers. Just random thoughts that don't let me just accept my decision without caring how other people act. On the one hand, I would love it if there were more vegetarians simply because of the animal sacrifice. However, I know some people can't because of very complicated reasons. Overall, I think because I was guilt-tripped (?) into it, I need to do it for others to. Still trying to get over that hump I guess.
I think the OP basically has the same idea about accordance with consistency.
Lol
Place is a rea circljerk
We just care about the law. That's it
They're pan flutes Marie!
Which ones aren't
I'm Ron bergundy?
Jrk uutinheynns
Hello can you respond to itscalamani
Sorry this was sarcasm for anyone who missed it like me
Hey there is worse stuff out there buddy
They will have to cover a lot of time then. Because it will have been a while since aou
He doesn't seem like a like able character
U snigle
Thank mr cena
Nice
Dam
V N
What the fuck is a frogger?
We are either too lazy to want to socialize more or too scared to try because of our inexperience. It's like wanting so bad to drive around and go out in a car but feeing afraid to get behind the wheel because you might steer the wrong way, etc.
SAAAave ME
He is not saying anything offensive or derogatory
Slee right pupper
/r/youdontsurf
Like BW's ass
R/theydidthemath
And you are banned mister. No defaming. The glorious leader trump. Well overlook your comments and justify them. Get fucked cuck
Hyudroolic press?
I'm sorry. The corruption is just too obvious and widespread. You may not be an actual shill, but thanks to hill actions, we just can't confide anymore
An emphasis in boosting self-esteem va what I believe people should be focused on, self-compassion
Ron Burgundy?
I want a white Peter Parker and I'm Hispanic.
Haha verb bros where's tie evidence lol I'm ginna unite it habana ababa /s
That's it that some good suit rift here if I do say so nyself
But it is /r/all... Every ask reddit post, every karma whoring self post or picture , controversial or saucy thread
Ponto? I think that was his name
What about you wasting your time on Reddit? Yeah, look at this guy over here, judging how people waste their time
Pretty disturbing to me for some reason
Really he has the biggest beef with him, actually no that's gamora. One of those two def shuld
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9Yt0b_QBP_A
That's the way it goes hoss
You are def allowed to if you aren't vulgar about it. Thy don't have to popular. But, IMO, I don't think downvotes represent the truthfulness of any claim anyways
Keep downvoting Donald cucks, won't change the truth
CHOO CHOO all aboard the salty drumpf train
Bernie won't be able to push his progressive ideals forward as easily under trump presidency
Jesus the complaint of "well no one complained when Bernie posts xD". Obviously, there was backlash and annoyance and even subs were made, users would express rage in the posts themselves. This excuse has been used to death
Me too thanks
I don't think it is over critical. Yay discussion
He refers to villains in movies only
I sure hope it doesn't it would be a mess to introduce
GOOD point
If we move your mom we'll be loads lighter
Yeah sounds more accurate
Do you have any places online you recommend for eating cheaply as a vegetarian or vegan outside of Reddit?
GOOD point
We are all mc-labs15 on this blessed day
Unfortunately I recognize that I usually regurgitate what liberals tel me, so I wish I was more informed about actual policies. What I do know with more certainty is that the trump has asked for establishment money/support even though he is anti-estab. Also, I keep hearing that Bernie and trump are ways apart from their ideals, but I have the feeing they are closer than with Hillary. I am sorry you are dissappointed again by a bernout who lacks all the info. I want to try harder though, to get my hands on some unbiased news coverage. Hard to come by though, some have told me even impossible
Woman card
Pls I don't want to start crying again
Lol I'm gonna try and watch that cat woman scene and see if it is as bad as I remember Edit: yep it was. Jfc..
However there is some validity to what he says. I am a victim of my own pussyness as well
Fuck me
Yeah but sam is like a robot future bird, heck he only has wings. Fucking BP has claws, paw print shit, and a fucking helmet with ears and squinty cat ears
/r/confusedboners
Would your rely be similar to someone who says "be yourself" when meeting new people? Who you actually "are" may not be something good
Holy fuck that's an old gif
Surely that sounds exaggerated. I'm not informed on that discussion sadly
Gif making is serious business
Yes in ultimate series
I will never bot upvoting this Edit: yo tambien gracias
Speak for myself
FUCK
What is dead may may never die
Fuck that noise lol. Shuddering atm
How rdj no star?
Lame.
A small big sized scoop
What's a big sized scoop?
A big ol regular sized scoop
Me too thanks
TIL
Me too
I.E. people from /r/thedonald
Seriously
GOOD comment
R me irl
We make our own golden statues at home
So guano is like poop but I still don't get it
I am all upvoting reposts and fucking the meme on this blessed day
Me too tanks
Simpsons did it
Meat two volts
We make our own blood at home. My wife uses a rolling pin for her serial killing
Yeah ouch.
I mean not all people are great people. Sorry being pedantic
Ess jey dubbah u
I use meatatarian vegetable sauce for my veggebles
I don't know what the plot is
Way to make an ignoramus statement
lol I love seeing people pissed off especially when they want to lecture people and teach them on the comment section of yahoo of all places
Wait what's wrong with the show ?
Spend less on candles
I cannot believe it
Because something is popular doesn't meant it's good mkay
why isn't anyone on top of me :(
gamesphere
as a high frequenter of this sub you are sorely mistaken if you believe we shit on their sub or their movies. it happens on the contrary. whenever they talk about reviewing their films they have to bring in ours and how they are mediocre average popcorn flick family fun safe boring generic repetitive bland unsophisticated dog heaps. also me too thanks
Nice
Ben a mi to duh gutah
please please me
dolt
it's cool but obviously useless. not gonna kill myself for being unable lol
It is LItuhrally the funniest post I have ever seen
It's difficult to imagine most cows being treated well especially if you consider certain conditions as being abject
I haven't even begun to peak
yep. me irl has more innovative content usually. people who uptvote the stuff are the real bastards, but usually when we let go of a shitty meme and really shine, we get some fucking awesome stuff.
hagrid too thanks
woo hoo fruitful discussion
Just finished watching it? Not the last last season tho, seems kinda uncessary
this is the kind of content I subscribed for. honestly, this frog is like jesus for me
Ahem... pls fix ur post
we are ALL bottos on this blessed day!
Paster says the official church car is the Accord
yeah sorry, I should catch myself more when I make some blanket-ish statements. definitely there are anti authority individuals on the left. obviously we wouldn't group them with the large infiltration of the t_d sub but your point is valid
Fucking supernatural went to shit after season 5 in writing but it's at 12 seasons now. I'm sure that applies to other shows so your point is invalid
U
I've seen that video
We should drain Jupiter . No more electric cars!
Yellow black yellow black yellow black
It's kinda is tho :)
And...?
I am not kidding this is a serious violation and breach of the meme replication act article 7
/r/me_irl
we are thinking about the basic value of life. just because children cant contribute significantly or people in comas or people in vegatative states can't amount to anything that doesn't mean we don't respect them. in my opinion, I do place an equal amount of value on animal life as I do on humans. now, if I had to, I would definitely save a person over an animal, but obviously when the circumstance demands it. I just deal with reality that way
with the money they have they dont invest in better cameras anyways so idgaf lol theyd rather get high or strangle kittens or something
Nothing about any cameos if this was true
The Gang Steals the Infinity Stones
am i dumb or does this sub auto post a haha at the end of your comment? haha lol haha
idiot
off top of my head: cyborg whose dick is itchy cyborg who is calling kids for lunch uhh, I think there's other stuff too I guess
they made themselves vulnerable when they were born
Not really. Usually I'll get a sweet coffee drink a few times a month but rarely more than twice in single week. I don't depend on it (yet)
Dolt
Stupid idiotic morons plaguing ou society. never EVER reproduce
thanks that looks pretty useful
/u/failsnail64 how do you respond to this comment
Seriously I hate that a lot of users of this sub have their heads deep in this shit and can't just enjoy memes and leave the discussion somewhere else
Biggest brains
We are all taking our first steps on this BLESSED day :)
There is some validity in their statement. Please don't completely discount that notion. It's a dangerous avenue to pursue
Unfortunately politics turns some people into children and results in them resorting to name calling and ad hominem attacks. both liberals and conservatives have nasty names for each other and given the political climate they are utilized in a very cavalier fashion.
What if it's just a meme/joke ? Devils advocate
The IMAX poster will be legit but then the general official release poster will be udder shit
Cool beans . Black beans specifically 😏
Holy crap guys very harsh. Guess my facetiousness was not on the nose enough
Dolt
But muhh circljerk sub
Are you being serious
Seriously why do you care that it's reposted badly
The walrus
oye guey, espero que en verdad no pienses de esta manera. this is not the type of mentality I would expect from fellow hispanics unless they truly feel threatened by trump. I hope that you are not this narrow minded en la vida real y que puedas ver everything from a more objective view
isn't that the question of the day? *boom* swings into scene as explosions occur peter, do you remember how I told you that secrets have a cost? the truth does too...
What
the
Butt
keep falling into that ditch!
As an expert marine biologist I would certainly add another sea specimen to that list
the sea cucumber. we actually know v ery little about our native marine veggeble populations :)
like a big hairy bowling ball
/r/youdontsurf
bamboozled once again your majesty
It's I'm blue if I was green I would die
yeah like alex jones
these lyrics don't make fucking sense when youread them waht hte fuck
my Negga
The Academy, I've come to bargain
or from GoTG...
How much it cost? At Whole Foods a small baggy is about 5 bucks
Peaceful bamboozling
Swim right fawno
one is has a shirt, the other
*mutters under breath* holy shit
sometimes y
Hey bro this is literally on the front page right now. You are a serial KenM reposter
what the fuck
kachaw
source pls
Having friends absolutelynotmeirl
it all depends on what your self-worth is determined by. if you feel you get validation or satisfaction from making snarky internet comments, then that will definitely do wonders for your SE
/r/THE_BRENDAN
Listen to the alternative facts bro
Very STUPID comment
we should go back to the old zealand. it was a nicer time then
Isn't it to help underpresented areas of country with fewer population numbers ?
It's a green vomit color
Holy fuck this was funnier than usual
Kids these days are too caught with having a slimmer waist. They should try to cultivate a slimmer mind instead
thank mr skeltal
ok i will check them out thanks!
well we know from the beginning that drax's life long goal is to avenge the death of his family by taking down ronan and so we are taken on a journey with these characters to do exactly that. at the end of it though, we find out that drax still isn't satisfied or put his revenge to bed. it's just sort of a silly thing because of how petty it is and how unexpected it was for gamora to hear.
nice
funny. you keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means
hey its me ur bj
mary jane too thanks
Yes
you can never have too much cheese
yeah like trump saying election was rigged?
beansofproduction 's comment really seals the deal here
Lightning McQueen
Ruh roh
/r/dragonsfuckingcars
yeah that is some good advice thanks
puppers are smol doggos
:(
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lhEEDkv3zk
Think about your reply here a bit more
us being human is not what grants us sentience AKA other non-human creatures can share our sentience (or at least some form of it)
I can super duper relate to your initial story. I have had to awkwardly explain why I feel I have a problem talking with people after describing experiences where I excelled in conversation (relatively speaking). However, these "social successes" are really random and happen sporadically so to speak. I haven't reached a point where I have more control over how significant the conversation becomes. Thanks for your advice and more about your background. I will try and focus on these things and hopefully I can find some more people to talk to, at least to practice!
depending on how old you are it may be helpful or it may make things a bit more confusing but generally it should be a positive experience. if you haven't had to think deeply about the issues you face or if there are issues you really aren't aware of, talking with a professional will definitely help.
really jarring to see him sitting there lmao
No, GO
Actually I do but particularly modern smooth jazz. Still need to listen to classic jazz
Yeah so are the people who spam cucklord and liberal tears and tendies and REEE. Just pointing out the similarity
I can recommend you extinguish your life without ever developing hatred for you. I barely know you
even if it is it represents a reality. ive seen some fucked up and heinous shit happen to children in the crossfire of war
live by the memes die by the memes
kettle corn is boss
you don't have to be a chef to know that your dish tastes like shit
what in tarnation
this guy didn't look as 'drugged' up as other people i've seen go through same experience. he definitely looked like he felt every bit of that dull metal. fuck (metaphorically speaking of course, due to blood pressure and loss of consciousness and yada yada)
duckduckgo is my shit
Ridiculous point!
/r/the_brendan
Friends? Absoluteynotmeirl
/r/animalsbeingjerks
It's been around a while broseph
Valid point
Find some on /r/the_donald /s
Get motivated you fuckers. Yo tambien gracias
🐸
First they came for the depressed marxists, etc.
What doesn't upset you might devastate someone else. Don't underestimate anyone else's suffering
Lucid
I hate hate hate having to make assumptions and headcanons and making justifications for in world events in the MCU. It's sad how the movie/tv split is handled
Oh frigg off...
Wel it depends which store you buy them from. There's a place out in Wichita where they sell 4 in 1
That was funny
Where are the TURTLES!!!
Henlo. Could you link us to reputable journal articles you have read that espouse the views you have laid out here (views that contradict the "majority" of views on climate change). Thanks
WAKE ME UP
Did you not see Civl war? Dang
God fucking damn it. I wanted so bad not to see a racist joke when I saw the baby was black. God damn it reddit. Damn you all to hell!!!!1!!
listening to gus talk in Spanish hurts lol. I don't know if its simply accent or if it's even on purpose but it just seems like it comes out forced
i like country mac more
Very coherent points! It seems you know what you want and are able to distinguish your real desires. This is what I want to emulate. Thanks !
Isn't meat usually more expensive than basic vegetarian options (veggies, beans, rice, lentils, potatoes, fruit, breads, etc.)? The meat substitutes are what end up being hard to find or sometimes expensive, but if you can avoid the processed stuff then you don't have to spend as much
Ok Me irl
F
Thanks!
Cat.
Hi from r/all. I don't know how you guys can keep these shoes so pristine with all that white. !
Saved
Not yet
I would like to understand where the feeling of hatred originates. I hated /r/fatpeoplehate because of the toxic rhetoric and behavior that I observed.
I am sorry that you had to witness that, and I hope that other people never have to personally. However, exposure to these types of events helps people be informed, in many ways. It is unfortunate when it leads to traumatizing experiences, but I think with an open mind, they can be more helpful than not
It's understandable how your experience has informed your opinion, and I certainly do not want to come off as insensitive to that. It is unfortunate that you had to endure it. To give you my view, I occasionally do it because I am able to gain a perspective on my mortality. Now, certainly, after watching two or three incidents, why seek more? I would say then, that there's more to it than just that. There is almost this inherent "interest" that you hear others talk about, and it's almost indescribable. The simplest way I can describe if I tried is that sudden urge to look at a car wreck as your driving by. You know you shouldn't, or you think it might be insensitive, but you do it anyway. That is an urge I have, but it's meant less to "satisfy" it and more to just inform me, although I suppose after a while, you could make the argument that it's due more to the former than the latter, and I would be hard pressed to debate you on that.
I think it's possible that many types of "media" could have this influence. There is a person I know who says she avoid the headlines because they are "too depressing". It's not even the images, but the simple words that trigger an emotional reaction and have the potential to induce an unwanted and negative mood state. It's reasonable to say, then, that people have different sensitivities that what they can tolerate and be exposed to, both in words as well as images. Thus, if this is a reality, then it is expected that there will be individuals out there who will be disturbed, who will become cynical, who will be negatively impact by reading, viewing, or digesting certain types of words and images. However, that only paints part of the picture. Certainly, being aware of breaking news and headlines and topics can be informative, and sometimes even necessary in order to stay in the flow of the changing political and social climate, as it is embedded in our daily activities, our careers, and the institutions where they all take place. I believe that a case can be made for viewing more "graphic" headlines and specifically images and illustrations. Certainly, I cannot debate you on the reality that there are people out there who fetishize death or get "off" on it or use these images in a way that most people would consider distasteful or disrespectful. However, that does not represent the majority of use who consistently consume these types of media. I could not coherently tell you why I still do so, and certainly, some people would consider me "sick" or "disturbed" for doing so. The question is, is the potential for people to be hurt or distressed by these types of media and images outweighed by how much it can inform people and any other benefit it may have? Although I may not have made such a strong case for myself, I hope you can at least consider why some people like myself condone the existence of these types of subreddits.
I agree. I think it is important to occasionally reconsider the validity of our opinions, and I certainly have to revisit my own. I don't intend to put down your views in any way, however. I happen to hold this a little close to my chest.
What should you expect when you love someone? Or are you just saying we can't expect everyone to love us?
For someone who has not dated or been romantically involved with someone, what is your advice for creating stable relationships that are fulfilling/meaningful? Give me the straight talk
When they did the exact same scene in Spectacular Spider-Man it was awesome https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ulLHFrc1gWI
Fuck all of that
Bah I'm heading back to phx end of this month. It's been a while
Sorry not the person who commented. I think if you actually figure out the specifics of a "healthy" diet you will realize you can get all necessary nutrients and macros without meat.
I identify as a two wheeled pedaling machine you cis scum
ok, that's fairly obvious and pointing in out seems useless I suppose. it's better to focus on debating why trump's actions are not impeachable (from the perspective of a trumpster)
Sorry wasn't speaking specifically about you 🙃
Jesus
Fuck this machine bro. I can never NOT use my biceps instead of the correct main muscle group. Same deal with cable row. Whenever I start with low weight and eventually move up, it just seems like I'm using the wrong muscles again. Any advice?
It's not too dificil to avoid spoilers amigo. You just have to cambiar your browsing habits
yeah depends which comics. seems like most are an amalgamation of different comics from different eras, with some things being more original conceptualizations or takes on characters, storylines, etc.
that's no excuse
her eyes and face make an already smoking hot body over the top. holy fuck
Honestly I am always on the search for new and related artists (in regards to all aspects of music: vocals, style, elements, etc.), and it has been a little difficult to find other groups who do it just as well.
thanks will try again
OH GOD THE CRINGE FUCK ME LOL THAT WAS THE WORST. good lord I had to mute the video when I saw her run up to him. also if you're wondering yes I am a social clusterfuck, thanks for thinking!
I think you put into words that feeling I mentioned elsewhere. It feels like "weight" that was lifted. Getting all of these peeks at people that were very distant parts of my former "life" (as in, past experiences). There is a chance that maybe, since I am not overly fond of all of my experiences from the past, and because I am slightly egotistical, that seeing all of these people post about their relationships and success and what not "triggers" me, in a sense. However, unfriending them, in my mind, is the same thing as never having seen their posts at all, and this certainly happens to EVERYONE. You don't literally go to each person in your list to see what they are doing or scroll through your feed until you are done with them. People likely only focus on the people close to them who they are involved with or whose experiences are meaningful for them to be aware of. I am just removing some of the "fluff" so to speak
I see your point.
Not yet
lul that was funny
ah
Deal
Jeez the irony in these comments and the obliviousness
Don't play with me or my son ever again
Charmed wood and telepoulat grenadine table sardes
Kreygasm
Fuck give me this movie already Christ
I beseech thee lord fiege
Ten to ser pluks gunred slfa breunti
No we had to vote for the purple unicorn
Dormammu I've come to embroider
Lack of assertiveness as she mentioned
/u/VirtualEyeroll
Wat
me too thanks
Dolt
Not a comeback
One last trip to flavortown
MYbe
Maybe u can make ur own sub!
Ok..? Honesty just click "hide" when you see an aos post. Outta site outta mind. If that's not enough then I dunno wat to tell you ni🅱️🅱️a
/r/wpd represent
/r/me_irl
Yes
Huh how can you telL?
👌💯
I HaVe A dOg loL, dEad MEme
ikr?
Haha I love how bad posters are a marvel meme haha 😭😭😭😭
Well, isn't it African American instead of straight up African?
pantherCard
Yeah I kinda hate that was part of the dialogue shown. Like the world changed a long time ago it seems
Trolled
Oh ok, I was unaware of that!
Is th evidence concrete and substantial? If it isn't, innocent until proven oven guilty
Why are you projecting lol
Missing generic agent #213
what in the hell
Me too thanks
Fck that I give them 100 plus the amount of Twix and brownie mix I ask to use
Wonder why
Someone make a dat boi
Stay safe
Facts are facts 💀
Yep
None of these things are memes. The word "meme" has become trivialized and the meaning has been insanely watered down. As a memeologist I believe in the purity of memes
That's an odd perspective
Forced respect? You mean like the law?
Depends on what type of gavel you use
I would consider myself liberal leaning and I don't really agree with the actions of people in the photo. What do you think about that
😭
B I G B O B
Jesus H Christ on a cracker.
I think just spouting this type of rhetoric without some substantive evidence to back up the claims is what irritates people on both side of the aisle.
eye dohnt caihr
what is the texture of the pressure cooked seitan? does it have bite, or is it more "squishy" like tofu? I have made seitan boiled and baked before, and I much prefer the baked kind
how do you know what a child molester looks like
what is your feeling of being unable to relate based on? are you unable to relate to the topics that people discuss? are you unfamiliar with the common experiences people share? is there something about you that feel is significantly distinct that it alienates you from others or from communicating with others? is it just a simple struggle with the mechanics of communicating/conversation? Do you just feel like you don't understand people or that they don't understand you? This relates more with not being able to relate to people's intentions, motives, goals, desires, their character, and their personality.
Try to maintain contact over the phone and on facebook or other messaging means. Maybe skype? If you feel like your concern becomes more serious, it wouldn't help to hurt to see a counselor. This isn't a strict recommendation, but it is something I would do if I felt distressed enough. If this is your first time on your own, realize that almost everyone goes through what you are going through in one way or another. Everyone is concerned with how their life will change once they are independent. some people plan it out while others just wing it. What must remain stable in your mind is your decision to continue school and to realize why you are there. If everything else fails, I would focus on this to gain courage.
Do you tend to open yourself up to others? If you do, do you perceive that other people are not receptive to what you have to say or the way that you express yourself? Close relationships usually develop from a sharing of intimate details about our lives. I can imagine that it would suck if other people don't get your point of view or don't seem interested in what you have to say. One problem I have is either restricting my ways of expressing or letting people know too much. A balance is required. People need to know something about you, but if you let it go all at once, it can create discomfort. Maybe you have ideas, goals, activities, or ways of seeing the world that other people can't grasp or can't relate to. Or, it's possible that through your interactions you have, in way, convinced yourself that people misunderstand you. I don't mean to say it's all in your head and that you are in the wrong, but sometimes we may do these types of things, perhaps in an effort to protect ourselves.
Bernie can still win match me kappa
Alright lets not eat anything then lets eat dirt oh wait ther are bacteria in there don't wanna hurt them too /s
That's irrelevant to the point being made
What is your rebuttal
all I know is that it was very likely intentionally referring to mary jane and not just simply to magic. so yeah, we got trolled, but does it mean anything about the film? I have no clue
cant go a night without robbin
we are ALL gallowboob on this blessed day
oh jesus my stomach curled in a little bit at those last few secs as I nervous laughed. This is where I am at the point of my desensitization to these images lol. My stomach gets butterflies and I feel antsy. that was crazy gross
i can't get through reading this without chuckling
I would be mildly pleased if at least the tv properties crossover significantly
No
I'm gonna try and bake some cookies on the dashboard when I get back to PHX
just do it
yes that is indeed a lightrail station
I personally consider Phoenix as Phoenix and Scottsdale is not part of it
I can do what I want when I want how I want to who I want
yeah more than likely I would not get pressured in to it myself. if it were to happen then yeah i would freak the fuck out and immediately regret the decision
speak for yourself
dew it
it taste better than the rest for some reason
/r/me_irl
oops sorry wrong gchat window
If I may ask, what is your workout routine. Currently I try three times a week lifting and then 3 days a week doing some form of cardio (a run or some pick up team sport). It sounds like the weekday "binge" is much needed from so much starving!
I spent a lot of time in HS thinking people hated me for being different (reserved, shy, quiet, not outspoken), but in hindsight I was hating myself for being different. I guess was at a point where I was cynical about people? I didn't think they would accept those things that were me, and I was always worried about not being those things that they all seemed to be. But really, when you live in a world with gregarious extraverts, you do stick out dearly. I think it's normal to question your identity and perhaps think that you have to change in order to appease others or to fit in. Maybe I knew deep down that this was me, and I fucking despised everyone else, maybe because their way of being seemed to bring happiness while my way of being brought boringness and emptiness. I guess I thought "gee I was dealt a shit hand and these guys are luckier than me. fuck them". I would definitely like to think I am over this, but writing this all was slightly mildly emotional. It's only anger, only jealousy, only envy. But it's unfounded, because I only have ever coveted what other people have or coveted what other people covet or desire. The progress towards finding my true desires and needs continues
Alfuck you up
Ms brown was it
lol I can just imagine how you reacted
That's not a real window no reflection
/r/incels /r/theredpill /r/the_donald /s
Kids
Very interesting point. I had never thought about it that way before
make sure you remove the unhealthy skin flopper to expose the tip
what the fuck. mine only has Morningstar crap and some veggie/black bean burgers, which I don't think are vegan
Same thing with academic intelligence.
basically the way I see talent is accelerated "progress" in developing a skill. so for example, you have two people with same practice routine and all. let's say for the most part they are similar in personality and such and live similar lives. I think talent is the ability to advance in skill development at a faster pace. It might take one person a lot longer than the other to develop a skill. Yes, with due time, they may eventually understand, but it might take twice as long, or longer, to reach the same level as proficiency as the "talented" person. Research may completely contradict this, but this has been my experience
I get what you are saying. We might not call it "talent", but I still think there is "something" that just makes it a little easier or "facilitates" progress and advancement. It might not be just ONE thing, as you said. Maybe there are certain sets of dispositions and tendencies. Not having them or being born differently doesn't mean you can't reach the same level of expertise as someone who does. This may be a crude comparison and completely inappropriate, but all I think about is the fact that you have many professional runners and such who come from specific countries or are of a certain race who are at the top level of their sport/activity. Certainly, there are individuals that are that top level that are of a difference race, but it seems that there is some inherited information biologically speaking that grants "facilitation". Again, I do not try and deny research. I think if I am incorrect it would be in my perception of trends, and certainly I would want to become educated in what the data actually shows.
wife makes better subs at home. she crushes screenshots from twitter and digg with a rolling pin
Yeah maybe I was thinking "genetically" there's a difference in our brains. This isn't a maybe, but I have not looked into research that identifies specific genetic differences that predict performance or ability. I think I would still overall agree with what you said
Boca expensive af as a grad student lul. Glad to be leaving soon
Potatoes are like cocaine. It's takes strong willpower to not eat the whole Pyrex dish of garlic roasted spuds
Ah I'm betting its real, I've seen a few in my time
This seems ignorant
I'd let them live out the rest of their lives (as pitiful as they might be) and pass on. Maybe keep some alive for emergency or studies or something.
The idea of artificially inseminating the cow to then produce milk is what is a problem. Now small farms may do it differently! if the cow has baby in a natural way, still ok to drink milk (since it's gotta be milked)? Idk how to answer that yet
This isn't the type of rhetoric we should be spewing. I apologize for my friend here
I don't know about that. Reiterating my point about the farmland that is used and the crops that are used to sustain the countless amount of farm animals, that could all be directed towards human consumption. the water, the soil, the crops, fertilizer, etc, etc.
this is a bad comment
no it's not
Raycist
*teleports behind you* nothing personnel, kid
taste the meat not the heat
Judge Judy
People CONSTANTLY say OMG SHES SO BEAUTIFUL KILL ME in the comments section of her vids. I don't get the obsession but her behavior may be in part due to this. Maybe
Ok. This person made personal decisions that were bad and those led towards being overweight and being unhealthy. I get that. But how is it "funny".
Wouldn't you agree that shaming people, although it has the potential to be effective for behavior change, can also be damaging/scarring? i don't think any of the laughter and ridiculing done online is done with the intention of having the subject change their ways. I can bet the people laughing don't give a hoot
Filibuster
carol danvers shit in their goldfish tank and then ate the fish pooped them out then shaped the feces into the fish and then put them back into the tank. also she killed OP's mum
Facts are inventions by Naysuh and their globe moons
wat
boob hats
that was fun
ridiculous point
Religion is the opening of the massive. one wonders what god meant by this
I'm from New Jersey. Nah no I'm not, that was funny tho
Thicc
it's not an original twitch thing...
going back in time is a white privilege
that's metal as fuck holy hell
L E G G Y B O Y E
Hmm https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/1f/be/41/1fbe418f53e4d78470d88f31bbd2fcb1.jpg
I mean it's for pleasure I guess is why they do it obviously.
I make the sound from Raimi's Spider-Man. you gotta use a lot of saliva tho
gotg2 was over the top IMO. some of the "lower level" humor which I equate to "potty humor" (not making a judgment on that type of humor) was way too prevalent
make me bish. jk I'm gone ty for your time
we don't have to. we can just ask the people who produce the polls. if we find out that most of the populations they are sampling are left leaning, then yes, we would be able to conclude that the polls are biased. but let's identify that first before we start flinging accusations and making some unfounded assumptions
that's why I wait like 3-4 sec after the first sneeze before I say anything. or I don't say shit
first one on the list
great :-)
SMALLCAT
"Well, it's a long story. It's not the one the Jedi would tell you"
U got rekt mate. How is typing a few sentences a "lot" of effort?
we say that only sentient things deserve to live. Where does this come from for you personally? Not attacking
How is a picture of some dudes an "attack" on you. Your brain makes dispositional attributions about them because of what they decide to associate themselves with. I don't blame you because this is a heuristic, but it is also blinding
I agree. I would definitely want to read about what other thinkers say about this
/r/summerreddit
I SOLD MY CONDO AND PUT MY KIDS ON THE STREET TO DONATE. Match me,.!
We are all idiots
Me irl
psst...hey kid wanna stop?
Yes
It is pretty low hanging. Not a trumpster
Brown
why do people leave them in the box that seems weird to me
we're all dying
well, let's not just run with correlations, we want something that is more substantial than that right? obviously, we say that the ingredients in milk that help promote strong bones can be found in other non dairy/meat foods.
I honestly would prefer it look as realistic as possible. the shininess of the BP suit and the OP's pic actually ticks me off. not enough to dislike it but it just irks me
/r/ImRonBurgundy ?
/r/woof_irl
small antman punches like a regular human. big antman punches like a fucking giant. so when he shrinks he maintains normal strength, but getting bigger makes him stronger. actually this don't make sense.
Remind me of 90s britrock bands
what the fuck
you fool you've doomed us all
I like how you can hear Brock. That makes it cool
Fck y'all u get marvel movies and other films first 😂😂😂
cory in the house
holes are proof of god because he is holey
Why would CIA Listen to a source that isn't credible
You are just being silly my bud
reminiscent of the 1st Spider-Man movie
Noron
Alright this is satire and I won't believe it is true nah uh
Lol nice
woosh af
a palimpsest
jesus please disconnect your internet you obviously don't know how to have a rational discussion with people
Money talks
Hi! Do you think transgenderism is something that should not be accepted as "normal"? So we know in the past gay people would be lynched or get beat up. I can assume things like that still happen, but very rarely since we as a society as a whole have accepted gay people and do not look down upon them or hate or resent them for existing. SOME people do still, but overall we don't find it weird for there to be gay people. Do you feel like the acceptance of transgenderism should not follow this route as well, where it eventually gets accepted and normalized? Is it simply because you think it's a mental illness? I'm not saying it isn't.
anyone know if that is actually rdj in the suit there? It probably isn't
Kreepo
LOL what the fuck. redditor for 3 months. I have no idea why
