&gt; If you're going to call your game Fire Emblem, make it Fire Emblem. I file this in the same section as "this game/series is dead". It's just a false statement(most of the time), and frankly, keeping the core gameplay and adding more "waifu simulator" stuff isn't a huge departure.
&gt; personality may have even come as an afterthought Looking at her angry face, I doubt it.
Some really fantastic villains in this one but the Demon King is pretty meh, more of a plot device then a villain.
I applaud you for your effort, I agree with you on somethings, disagree with others. I thought you were on point some times, other times I thought you were unfair. Which is to be expected in a series like this, aptly named "hard look". And the world needs more Fire Emblem centered stuff like this. But, I've got to defend my main man Zephiel here, and I remember the post from /u/Goldenmapleleaf. "The thing is, that information is nowhere in Sword of Seals." Most of it is. Guinevere specifically tells Roy about how much Desmond hated Zephiel(who just wanted to make him proud) and how he tried to have him killed. &gt;Roy: “Decided to kill King Zephiel…?” &gt;Guinevere: “At a banquet, our father gave Zephiel a poisoned drink from his own hands. And that was the first and last cup that Zephiel took from our father. After returning to his room, Zephiel started to get sick. For ten days and nights, Zephiel lingered between life and death. But Murdock, Zephiel’s teacher and loyal general, saved his life.” &gt;Roy: “…The former king never did anything after that?” &gt;Guinevere: “No… But I have heard that he had plans to get rid of Murdock and Zephiel’s mother as traitors. He was scheming to murder them all along with Zephiel. After hearing that, Zephiel made believe that he was dead. Our father then checked the coffin to confirm Zephiel’s death. At that moment, Zephiel rose up from the coffin and…with his sword…” Also, the game shows various traitors and villainous men in power. &gt; Zephiel: Humans… Humans are filthy. They flock to those with power and would not think twice about betraying trusted allies to obtain more power. You must have witnessed numerous traitors in your travels. Am I right?” Roy doesn't even respond to this. He gives a good ole "...". And to top that all off, the humans unwittingly caused the Ending Winter. They also instigated the Scouring, but that's a FE7 add-on. Either way, I think Zephiel has a fairly compelling argument, you just have to read between the lines a little bit. Which is fairly common for FE villains.
Yep. Fire Emblem: If, will more then likely come to the US. FE x SMT, maybe*. It's regular gameplay is like the old ones, but they have this player housing thing going on and that's what this trailer is highlighting.
Well there's no reason that New Mystery didn't come to the west, but it looks like you are right. It's slated for release in Europe, although a NA release date has not been announced.
So are they just going to add the bat-cloak in with effects? If they are, it's probably not a bad idea.
&gt; You had games that were high on both production value and creativity. You can find that in almost any era. I say SNES to it's death at the hands of the N64. You got Genesis and some of it's basterd children as well as the beginning of the PS1. Super Metroid, Super Mario World, Link to the Past, Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Fire Emblem non english, Star Fox, Sonic, Shining Force, Golden Axe, Final Fantasy, Castlevania, Rayman, your various arcade games and their ports, your sports games like Super Tecmo Bowl and other classics like Megaman X. No offense, but you can do a lot better with your list of games. Even if you only played PS2 you should have more on it just from that system. Not to mention the amount of carbon copy fps's there are on those systems. There's some amazing games from that time but it was one of the worst times for over saturation of shitty games. So much of the PS2 library, for example, is drek, even though it's got major classics. And the 80's weren't just neon lights and campiness... And to each his own. I think there's a good argument for gen 6, but it's not going to be made focusing on only one of the consoles like so many are doing in this thread.
&gt; Now when innovation is still happening, and the medium is still evolving and changing. And it hasn't been before? I mean, none of the things you listed matter if the games suck, and while they don't for the most part, that's what really matters. Either way, I think the question is more like, "what time period had the best series of games?" rather then giving the present credit because it has every game ever made under it's belt.
That's just the angle you are seeing it at... It's clearly shown as a strap in other pictures. I mean, it just looks like a case of bad drawing to me, but it can't be that. It has to be IS and their super duper fan service right?
Resubmit?
I really enjoyed that chapter. I like the idea of smaller but gimmicky chapters like New Mystery had in it's Gaidens.
Yes. FE4's soundtrack in particular.
Ehh, Pokemon is probably deeper then it's ever been, and Mario games certainly aren't dramatically easier. Also, I think it's unfair to criticize the series' difficulty, particularly with Lunatic and whatnot. And I've seen nothing from If that leads me to believe it won't provide a challenge. And there is nothing wrong with trying to make a game more accessible.
&gt; The issue arises when we strip FE of everything that makes it unique Did that happen? &gt; It's fine to a certain degree On second thought, I suppose you are right. They could always just make the game easy as hell to make it more accessible. But I don't consider things like "my castle" to be attempts at more accessibility. Weapon Durability probably is, and adding things like difficulty settings and tutorial modes like Lyn's story makes it more accessible without specifically taking away which generally just makes the game better. And it's really easy for a long time player to forget just how difficult and intimidating this series can be, so I think some of this stuff was long called for.
I don't know why people even care. It's a super easy mode so people can get some enjoyment even if they can't wrap their heads around the strategy aspect. Probably took them a morsel of dev time to make it.
I've always thought FE tried to mesh strategy with the RPG aspects of leveling and learning about characters. My Castle seems to bring a few things to the table, and I think you have to look at some of it separately. It's adding greater depth to the character interactions, whether or not you care for it in general or the particular way it's providing it, that portion of it is putting more focus on the "character study" aspect of the series while adding onto the "base" aspect. And I'm talking more barracks convo's, supports, being able to talk to your units. Not so much the FE-amie. It's adding a player housing concept, which should benefit the feeling of lordliness for MU. One thing it seems to be focusing on is resource management, which was one of the main criticisms of dropping weapon durability. Depending on how we get these resources, it could be a big deal or it could be a side thing. It's really hard to say how this will turn out, particularly because we don't know much about how we get the resources in the first place. And we can't tell how important that aspect is to the main game. Finally, and I think this is a big one. It's going to provide a ton of non-maingame content. And probably a good amount of end game content as well. I'm really looking forward to the idea of defending the base I've made, or fighting some of these spot pass teams. I don't think it's something that isn't with the spirit of the series, which I believe to be a strategy game wrapped in a pretty RPG bow. For me, the question is how much it's going to affect the actual strategy aspect of it, and how well it's going to do so. If done right this could simply provide a great amount of content and choices without diminishing the main game. &gt; we lost the weapon triangle... They actually made it more dynamic. I'm actually very curious to see these new weapon changes in action. A lot of it seems to be an improved version of the old weight system, but adding some more unique effects. We'll have to wait and see how all these changes will play out, but they've made dramatic changes to the weapon system. It says to me that they weren't satisfied with the past few games and their systems, and they are making it more dynamic because of this. This is **not** something that will make it more accessible. &gt; If I can survive my first few FE games, and I am bad at games in general, then I think it's not too difficult for most people to do so too. Now, first off, I just want to add those games having difficulty settings was them actually making the series more accessible, if I'm not mistaken, the first game to let you choose difficulty from the beginning was SS. PoR seems to be the first that was made with this in mind, having three settings. My main takeaway from what you said was the word survive, which is how I would describe my early playthroughs. My point is that not everyone will pick up a game as fast, and not everyone is willing to work past the frustration. Adding easier difficulties can benefit new comers without taking much away and things like Casual/Pheonix mode are them saving the time of adding another difficulty. Instead of making an even easier mode, they can just add Casual mode and call it a day. If you ask me, Casual mode was a great addition, and I don't think I've ever used it. Edit: Wow this got long. **TLDR**: I think My Castle can add some kewl stuff, I think they've made efforts to add more dynamics to the game and I think the series has a serious learning curve and things like Casual Mode help new players come in without being intimidated.
Everyone know's shits about to get real when FE6's ["The King of Bern"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhwzy4xnbx0&amp;index=41&amp;list=PLwvweEKnS3AHZ4pYIYqzKdBKGFxnZNsNQ) comes on and Zephiel walks out. The Dragon General's themes + Guinevere's themes + final boss' theme are great as well. PoR had some great ones too, my personal favorite being Ashnard's ["Burning Ambition".](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZemtRp3_D4&amp;index=50&amp;list=PL94B3BDBA2D03B783) This theme really helps sell Ashnard as an evil badass, which was absolutely necessary with the Black Knight running around. Also a shoutout to Pelleas' theme in RD. FE4 might just have my favorite overall music, but I'll have to give it to one of these two for character themes.
I really liked shove, more so then rescue. Rescue is great, but I feel like it makes mounted/fliers too amazing.
Ena is cooler anyway.
The Demon King is probably the weakest main villain in the series.
I did read the post. He's basically there to make Lyon a better character. I would say Manfloy is the most effective manipulator in the series, he actually does what he sets out to do.
The problem with the Demon King is that he's not important as a character. He's only important as an object, or a force. With him, we have the demons, we have the reason for the Sacred Stones. He could just be a silent monster that corrupts people and how much would be lose story line wise? The Demon King could have no lines, he could just corrupt Lyon, and the story could be exactly the same. The only difference would be Lyon's lines. He's not a bad villain, but he's not better then many of the other villains we've seen over the years. On Manfloy, the DK fails miserably(maybe not so miserably, but he had a big advantage of surprise) in his goal to destroy the stones. Manfloy resurrects the dragon he worships while reviving the Lopt Empire. He makes a colossal mistake in leaving Julia alive, but his major goal was already achieved. Plus, I blame Lopto for getting pwned by Naga.
&gt; That's true of any character. Not really, you couldn't get away with Lyon having no dialogue. You could actually not have the Demon King say anything and end up with virtually the same story. In a similar vein to the Darkstone and Hardin. My point here is to illustrate how unimportant he was an a speaking character. And it's hard for me to agree that he's the best villain, or one of them, because of his relative unimportance as a character and most importantly, his lack of screen time, backstory, shown goals, ect. Medues has similar issues but he get's significant backstory. &gt; 4/5? Not bad. Miserably was a strong word, but Manfloy did "win". He just contributed to fucking it all up in the end. Now, if you want to say the Demon King is a more compelling villain then Lopto/Loptyr/whatever, I think that's a better argument then for Manfloy. It's probably a good comparison too, with the possessing and all that. I just think there's a long list of superior(as in more compelling) villains above him, maybe even in his own game.
It's "put-*on*a-da-seatbeltz"
&gt; She is being portrayed as strong and confident. And she's shown this way in every single one of her games, except maybe Other M, the last Metroid game made, in which she received more character development then all the games in the series combined. She was never more human then in this game. &gt; Now look at how she's portrayed in the Zero suit. You mean [this?](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://www.ssbwiki.com/images/thumb/b/bf/ZeroSuitSamusArtwork.png/180px-ZeroSuitSamusArtwork.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.ssbwiki.com/Zero_Suit_Samus&amp;h=312&amp;w=180&amp;tbnid=EWFuCM_gfwjOgM:&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=VIuQ0hxLPXvkaM&amp;ei=Qv9wVdybLMScsAX1v4PwBA&amp;tbm=isch&amp;client=safari&amp;ved=0CCYQMygAMAA) Really doesn't look like it is what you mean. Perhaps [this?](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://cdn.wikimg.net/metroidwiki/images/f/f1/Zero_Suit_Samus_zm_Screenshot_2.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.metroidwiki.org/wiki/Zero_Suit&amp;h=160&amp;w=240&amp;tbnid=P8DwPxdvnUhE2M:&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=X1Ngh09wwYmwLM&amp;ei=Qv9wVdybLMScsAX1v4PwBA&amp;tbm=isch&amp;client=safari&amp;ved=0CCcQMygBMAE) Can't be it. It sounds more like you are talking about her portrayal in Smash Bros, [perhaps this specific pic where she's shown as if she's in mid jump?](http://www.smashbros.com/images/character/zerosuit_samus/main.png) She looks like she's pretty serious to me, but apparently that's just her pouting for sex appeal. &gt; face is either vacant or pouty. Is that a problem anyway? It's completely relevant to her most recent game. "But OH NOES, she's not smiling, must mean she's a sex object!". And the whole thing is splitting hairs. Men and women are sex objects, and Samus is a fictional woman. So sure, she is a sex object. I don't see what the issue is anyway, people seem to think that being sexual at all somehow belittles characters in fiction, particularly women. It makes them "weak", or just "sex objects". You wouldn't say the same thing about a women in real life, so why does this have any basis in fiction if it has no basis in reality? As for this case, it seems pretty absurd for you to base your opinion on the idea of whether or not she's smiling/ect. She's a strong character, and it shows in that portrayal, unless you want to think being sexual is somehow being weak.
What I found funny is that some people thought it was intentional. Like, it's not IS's fault you have a dirty mind.
&gt; overseeing the largest collapse of the American economy since the Great Depression I'm no fan of Bush, but the fact that he was president during this time was largely irrelevant. The President doesn't have that much control over the economy. &gt; American stock market is booming... Americans are engaging in trade, good job Obama, couldn't of done it without ya! &gt; unemployment rates have dropped to pre-recession levels Yes, believe it or not, economies don't burn and die, they come back from recessions. &gt; 4 states with legalized marriage in 2008 and now have 37 The President doesn't control state policy... &gt; Obama managed to avoid major armed international conflicts in Syria and Ukraine Wow, and I thought the republicans were ridiculous. We're going to give him credit for what? Not invading another country? You do realize that the Obama administration wanted approval for airstrikes in Syria, and that Congress voted against it.... right? But good job Obama, way to not be the next Hitler. I will give him credit for lifting the Cuba embargo and Iran, even though it's better late then never. As for him being a hypocrite, look no further then his belief that he's the most transparent president in US history.
I guess. Doesn't make it false.
Well, my point is pretty much the same as "brought to you by honor^TM", so I figured I'd respond to this.
Well that's too bad, I already own the GC megaman anniversary collection(amazing disc, go buy it.), digital copies of 1 and 2 on the Wii U and physical copies of 2, 3 and 6 for NES. It will probably undersell as it's like the 8th time these games have been released and then they will think that means a lack of popularity for megaman games and they will continue the idiocy.
ROY'S OUR BOY! ROY'S OUR BOY! ROY'S OUR BOY!
Honestly? Art design.
I avoided Lyn cause she's kinda irrelevant for most of the main game. I'd consider Eliwood to be the main lord of FE7. I've never played Gaiden, but isn't Alm the main character?
Use Sigurd in chapter one to save all the towns.(You may want another unit to actually visit the town for the gold and the one speed ring) Use the steel sword to dodge all the axes. Towns have 10 "hp", and will lose 1 hp every turn a brigand attacks it. At 10 hp it gives 5000 gold, at 1 it gives 500. Certain towns give out items, sometimes amazing ones. If the town is destroyed, you lose the gold or the item, and many of them have very important story information. Each unit has their own gold, the arena is free, and you can't die.(Units who lose have their HP dropped to 1) So it's an amazing way to gain xp and gold. Units level up to 30, and promote at 20+ in the castle. You will get two pre promotes in the first chapter, including Sigurd, but they are both far below level 20. Edit: You get 7 rounds of progressively stronger enemies, who only differ per chapter for ranged units. You can save at the beginning of each turn, but don't save over the same file as you could put yourself in a losing position on that turn. There are multiple castles you have to capture each chapter, and usually there is a big wave of reinforcements after you capture one. The weapon triangle is a huge deal. Roads increase movement range* but lowers avoid. If an enemy reaches the entrance to your main castle you lose the chapter. Male x Female units can marry, they gain 5 points while standing next to each other for each turn up to turn 50 of each chapter. At 500 points, they marry, but each pairing starts with a certain amount of points. Check your units for the "talk" option for good items and dialogue. When you reach a chapter past the first, look up secret events for that chapter. For example, your axe knight can get a hero axe by going to a certain tile in the second chapter, but you would never know that without looking it up.
Yep. And as important as Robin is to the main story, Chrom is really the main focus. Either way, I think it's a copout to name the "make a character" ones, especially when being female or male is pretty insignificant to their story and dialogue. I wouldn't give Skyrim credit for having a strong female lead because you can make a female character.
I agree, I feel too often minimalism equates to lazy and unoriginal, but this is quite good.
Vaike's a boss. Haters gonna hate.
Sure, but she doesn't have a dead similar counterpart who is male.
Wait, you are telling me they are making characters similar to popular past characters? How absurd, FE's never done anything like that before. In all seriousness, as long as the characters have enough to make them unique from their obvious inspirations I won't mind. I'd be lying if I told you I hated the Ogma clones and the like.
Yahhh! Yaaaahhh! Hiyaaaaahhhh!
Yea, I would imagine it's for promotional reasons, the game's really made for the small screen, so it probably looks poor in regular quality on a large screen.
I'm thinking Lilith is going to have some in game use, something that would have a positive effect on your gameplay. My personal theory is that it's a upgradeable dragon stone, which is why it can level up. But who knows, maybe it's just a pet feature like Chao's from Sonic Adventure or the like.
There's a decent bit of new stuff in here. Either way, this is a gameplay trailer to help promote the game's Japan release in two weeks.
I don't dislike S supports. There's nothing about the simple concept of it that I don't like. But I think the sheer amount of support convo's hurt the overall quality of them in Awakening, which was largely because of the marriage system. It's got some great ones, but there's a good amount of mediocrity. I could ramble on and not make a point, but honestly, I just want great supports. And they don't all need to be romantic.
If we hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.
Yes, that is a picture of Nick Foles.
Is this Chip Kelly's girlfriend? Is this a slow news day? Find out more, at 11!
You say that as if it matters.
That's not true at all. I see negative comments about awakening with relatively high up votes all the time.
I think FoW is a great mechanic, but there's no doubt some frustrating maps have used it. The HHM one being almost criminal.
I'm genuinely curious, what's fucked up about the canon?
Been playing since FE7 and I just recently got over it. I use my stat boosters now. Still run out of supply space most of the time.
The lord unless there is some major standout contributor that could dominate with it. That usually means a General or a Flier.
Because it's a cliché and a fun throwback to other cliché giant robots you see super humans fighting so often, particularly in old school comics.
There's literally no reason to not choose him if you are going to go back to Fire Emblem. I was hoping for Isaac, but Roy should of never lost his spot IMO. Also, these look like the videos for the end of classic mode, I'd say they are 100% legit, it would take some dedicated photoshop/hacking to make it look that convincing.
You can unlock characters for trial mode by completing the game multiple times, but that's it I think. Copy paste: Narcian/Wyvern Lord Clear the main game once. Galle/Wyvern Lord Clear the main game twice. Hector/General Clear the main game three times. Brunnya/Sage Clear the main game three times. Eliwood/Paladin Clear the main game five times. Murdock/General Clear the main game six times. Zephiel/King Clear the main game seven times. Guinivere/Sage Clear the main game nine times. Ehh, column formatting is too much work.
Seems logical enough. Thanks for the response.
You made out good mate. It seems Saul, Sophia and Wendy are the three common picks. Either way, if your Wendy is as good as my Wendy was last play through you won't need other units.
I think getting rid of tariffs, or some of them anyway, is good policy. Other then that, it doesn't look to great. And I find it absurd that so little of this is available to the public.
I think they will keep it, possibly for all it's international releases. It just would seem strange for them to change an english name, that's likely easy to pronounce in multiple languages. I don't think they would pick such a simple name if they didn't plan on keeping it. Especially for the US and parts of Europe. I think it's catchy too, kind of reminds me of the Wii. Surprisingly, it just works, for me anyway. Edit: That didn't last long.
I'm curious about Kamui. I don't dislike Japanese names but well, Kamui just doesn't roll off the tongue.
Dragon Blood Roy is best Our Boy.
Just wait for the movie dude
Yea honestly, I don't even know if I like the design they used for Heath Ledger. But he was so phenomenal and he played it so perfectly any doubts or criticisms I had went out the window.
Good idea IMO. For example, I think Kirby has some great games, but I don't wanna drop regular pricing on a game that can be beaten in a few hours. Which unfortunately, I think the Kirby's Epic Yarn definitely was too short without enough extra features to redeem it.
&gt; keep punching me in the face again and again. Sounds like you should just pass on seeing it then.
Joke stopped being funny like 2 years ago mate.
What makes you think it's a Mario RPG(assuming you mean the SNES mario RPG) crossover? Seemed like typical mushroom kingdom x paper mario.
FZero isn't that popular.
DAE please understand?
The HUD, the physics, the gameplay, how you shoot. Take Metroid Prime, add a giant ball and you get similar gameplay as to what we saw.
Yea, I said it wasn't that bad. That is criticism. I'm just not signing the petition to declare Nintendo as literally hitler.
Alright, so I don't know how well these stand up as examples of grey morality, but they are certainly not pure evil. Zephiel: Believes humans are evil creatures, wants to rid the world of them because he believes it's better off that way. This comes from a position of morality, although he doesn't care much what it takes to achieve his goal. - Some moral grey here. Nergal: Lost himself to dark magic in his pursuit to open the Dragon's Gate to reunite with his lost wife. Implied, anyway. Medeus: Rightfully outraged at the treatment of manaketes by the humans. - Some Moral Grey again. Travant: A ruler of a poor land, who does heinous things to help better his people's lives. - Solid example of Moral Grey. Just like Naesala. To be fair, haven't finished FE5 and I know he's in it, but I can't imagine anything will change my opinion. Julius: Possessed. Ashnard: A ripe evil bastard. I do feel like I'm missing some info though, gonna have to pay attention on my next play through.
People say they are slapping the name on there but honestly it looks like the game was built from the ground up as a Metroid Prime game. The second I saw "Blast Ball" in NWC, I thought of Prime. The controls(how they move), the aesthetics and in particular, the HUD looks made me think Metroid Prime. And you do realize that Blast Ball is not the whole game, right? Federation Force is apparently the main attraction, and it looks like an multiplayer Metroid game in a similar vein to Nintendo World. If I had to guess, they wanted to make a multiplayer shooter from the Prime series that they could market to everyone like Splatoon. And this is what they came up with.
I thought the gameplay was really solid outside of the boss battles. Having to stop and reorient to shoot missiles was a pretty bad idea and it made some of these fights frustratingly difficult.
It has Metroid in the title. It also uses a similar HUD and features similar movement to Metroid Prime. It also takes place in the Metroid universe and uses Metroid enemies. Seems like a Metroid game to me, but I guess you could tell that by looking at the title.
I pretty much benched Midir when I found out.
A lot of fantasy tropes are considered kid friendly, or at least it get's overlooked. Plus the ESRB doesn't play the game if I'm not mistaken. For the US, I think violence is generally okay in that regard, blood and whatnot will get you a higher rating but there's a ton you can get away with. It's the sex that will give you the instant T or M, it's way more controversial. I'm going to pull out a somewhat relevant quote from "Goldfinger", from it's commentary. The director is talking about how he has to get around the US and the UK's censorship policies. &gt; "The American censor was absolutely constipated about sex,” &gt; “The British censor couldn’t have cared less about that. They were panic-stricken about violence, [and] the American censor was totally indifferent to violence.” I find that hilarious for some reason.
From what I gleaned from Wikipedia. It seems Microsoft threw 375$ million to buy the entire company. Before that, Rare was a 2nd party developer for Nintendo, in that Nintendo owned 49% of the company. I don't really know how that all works out, but if Nintendo wanted to buy the whole company I think they would have done so in the years before Microsoft came in.
Hasn't that always been a feature?
I don't think the story ever really focused on that. Lucina was a major character, but other then that the children were all less relevant to the story then their parents. It was a big mechanic, but the real story line comes in the main campaign which only featured one child without going into side chapters.
Well I felt you kind of implied that Awakening's story was ruined by marriage/children, when you said "there goes the story." So I kind of just jumbled the comments together. I thought you meant focus as meaning it was a focus of the story. &gt; so it will take away from the story I don't see why, marriage didn't take away from FE4, it didn't take away from the other FE games with the paired endings. Perhaps it could be done better but I don't dislike the mechanic nor do I think it will take away from the game's story or conflict with it's darker tone.
But it's not much of a challenge, honestly. Just tedious. They were probably just trying to keep it well hidden, like that random mission in Advance Wars.
Lol with the ball in his hand what a photo.
&gt; messed up how drinking is almost unavoidable in western society unless you make a conscious decision to go against the grain by not drinking. God forbid people make their own decisions on the matter. The classic, "If everyone was jumping off a bridge would you do it?" It's not almost unavoidable, it's completely avoidable.
Heh, yea he likes to go stretch armstrong sometimes. Fun show though.
&gt; do you have to literally spell things out to people in this subreddit? Hey, if being an asshole makes you feel special go for it. You said drinking is unavoidable, which as a verb it implies an action. When you just say, "drinking is unavoidable", it's too vague and it implies that you yourself(or people in general) couldn't avoid doing it.(Unless they "went against the grain") It does not translate to "encountering alcohol is a given". &gt; I said that alcohol unavoidable because it's so prevalent in western society. And does it even matter? You say that as if it's a bad thing that a heavily desired product is available for people who want it.
What ever makes you feel superior mate.
Rebecca, hmm, she's no Hugh but I love her the same. I actually think they've gone above and beyond with Fire Emblem. I would of never expected it to get the representation that it's been getting.
I don't think that's really a plothole, you can't express accents that well in writing, unless they are really strong accents.
I think it looks cheesy as hell. Hell, Entourage is cheesy too. Doesn't mean you can't enjoy the hell out of it.
I have to be honest, there wasn't much wrong with nintendogs. 10/10 dog simulator. Kind of weird for it to have a perfect score next to some other games, but idk, they really nailed that concept.
I don't want to be a hater, but you could connect any work of fiction using the multiverse theory.
&gt; all they do is make grinding even easier than it already is for healers and dancers. I just think that's broken if you want it to be, assuming you have enough staves and turns. In most games, those aren't hard to come by. Bosses do make it a little more convenient. But you can incentivize people to kill the boss faster with reinforcements, the boss having a high crit rate, ect. You could make it so every boss rushed you, or that they all move when you get in range. I think Awakening had a few of both. But if every boss rushed for you in every map, then I think it would change the dynamic of the game, possibly for the worse. I think you can do a mix of both with success, but I'd rather have more stationary bosses then moving bosses. I like the mechanics of fending off random enemies until I get in range to so some work at my leisure on a big bad. It also makes sense from a story perspective when the enemy is defending a castle/throne, ect. Also, when the boss is standing on the seize tile in a seize map, it's effectively the same thing as a kill boss chapter. The only major difference is that you need to bring your lord up with you.
Well, wouldn't a low hp unit naturally do less damage then a high hp one?
I'm in a similar boat to you, I watched F/Z first and then UBW, with a tiny bit of the 2006 anime. Granted there's an episode left but I preferred Zero to UBW. I felt it was superior entertainment from episode to episode. I wouldn't even say it's darker then UBW, it just doesn't have nearly as much lighthearted stuff to balance it out. I also felt UBW had something lost in translation.(Granted I don't speak a word of Japanese, but it felt off to me.) I don't know how watching Zero will affect the enjoyment of the other routes or whatever, but I enjoyed UBW more because of it. I'd say watch Zero, unless you want to get the VN.
I think 500 people voted in that poll. It's a cool thing to see but that doesn't mean that 70% of the sub members have read it. It means 70% of the people who voted on that poll have probably read the VN.
If all they are doing is video taping then you are probably right. But there's also Stingray phone trackers that the article mentions and the simple fact that we know so little about the whole thing because of the nature of the operation is troubling, to say the least. For them to not finish a case to not reveal the tech tells me that they either think it's a political nightmare or that they don't believe themselves to have strong legal grounding. "Even basic aspects of the program are withheld from the public in censored versions of official reports from the Justice Department's inspector general." - That doesn't evoke confidence.
Like /u/tjcoolkid mentioned, it's implied Shirou couldn't copy it. He mentions he can't get a read on it, and when he's first looking at it there's a tv static effect which I think means he tried to use trace on it but couldn't.
As just an Anime watcher, I took it that Shirou's whole thing rubbed off on her, and she wanted to save him regardless of his supreme scumbag status. Gil comments on how killing him would be the best way to stop the grail, and I think Rin understands that and saves him anyway.
Yea, I was a little mixed going into these last couple episodes but this one just hit on every mark. Really made the show worth it for me, don't even feel like I need to watch the finale.
Sorry mate, apparently I stopped watching near the 2:30 mark and made a stupid comment based on that.
I say RPG's. Or, it's an RPG.
I agree 100%. More people need to start opposing this stuff in general, regardless of whether or not the constitution protects against it.
What's this, to dodge the slam? Haven't had an issue and I usually go right.
ToD is different is because it would be **by far**, the most overpowered ability in the history of the game if it was the same in PVP as it was in PVE. My Brewmaster would go around one-shotting people at full HP. Probably the worst example you could of used. &gt; this is it wouldn't even be hard to do Yea, rebalancing every ability in the game with new amounts of damage wouldn't be difficult at all, probably would take them like 5 minutes to complete...
It's a factually incorrect statement the President is using to support his policies that's being criticized. His argument is basically, "why can't we be like these other countries, let's see what they are doing so differently". If his statement is false in the first place, then why shouldn't people blast him for that statement? But apparently people who want to criticize the President for a false, disingenuous statement are just there to masturbate and play the conman, while ignoring any relevant issue.
&gt; Because there's an undeniable problem with violence in the United States I don't know why you put this sentence here. Seems like it should of came before my quoted question. But how to attack that problem of violence(which is trending down, but that's besides the point) is a matter of intense debate, and I'd imagine most people here disagree with Obama's suggested policy of stricter gun control. So what do you expect them to do when he uses false statements to support that gun control? &gt; disagreeing with how Obama makes his points It's not even people disagreeing with how he makes his points, it's people disagreeing with a disingenuous statement. But if the President usually makes false statements to support his positions, then I guess it is people disagreeing with how he makes his points. &gt; should not be the main issue being discussed. I agree, but I don't believe this thread lambasting him is representative of the debate on the issue.
You know how you can use it on bosses at sub 10% hp? Well it works like that but it's an insta kill, and the Ashran tome raises that to 20% hp.
It's awesome. It would just be absurdly OP if they didn't change it for PVP.
Sure, but it's still not this simple task they can do with relatively little work.
It was really hit or miss imo, some of the stuff was really cool, some of it wasn't.
The 7 issue Forever Evil is phenomenal, I love every second of it. I liked Trinity War too, but not as much. The villain's issues were hit or miss, but there were some fantastic ones in there. Overall, I'd say it's one of, if not the best event/arc of the New 52.
That's not freedom from discrimination, that's a law aimed at preventing religious discrimination from a perspective of hiring/firing, workplace conduct, ect. As long as you aren't hiring the person, you can openly discriminate all you want. And either way, it's not like the owner of said business has to actually come out and say that someone was fired because of their religion, race, ect. They could come up with a myriad of reasons, so in practice it doesn't really prevent that discrimination, although it probably makes it less prevalent.
And he's allowed to make a snarky reply.
People have opinions, yes.
I was trying to point out how pointless it is to say, "blah's allowed to post blah". That's what I was responding to. I don't feel like having an argument, particularly in this sub so I just kinda ignored your second paragraph.
Pretty sure that was the high court of Massachusetts, which wouldn't be applicable to other states.
&gt; Kinda ironic. That's not irony but okay.
Well yea, if you don't read the articles you post it's pretty easy to support whatever your argument is. JJ Abrams quote from the article: &gt; "'Star Trek' is my favorite show of all time," he admitted. "But for some reason it never clicked with me until I started working on it, and then I fell in love with it."
He's saying that you get a Ferrari with Bradford, but you can't be sure if it's going to start up everyday. (Injuries) And then with Sanchez, you get a Cadillac instead, but you can count on it running like a Cadillac everyday. It's a long winded way of saying that Bradford is really good but may get injured, and that Sanchez is decent and doesn't have as big of a risk. I think it's a pretty good analogy, honestly. He had a snarky tone, but I imagine many people here agree with his points. But lol he's a punter, I care more about the opinion of people who call into 97.5.
I agree, I see no reason that people should receive particular benefits/choices/ect. for their taxes simply because they are married.
&gt; You coming in to remark how pointless something was by parroting the pointless thing. That would be ironic if the parroting wasn't intentional. But yes, waste of time.
There's not much to take away from it, just a solid ass book.
The Long Halloween like others said. I can't recommend it higher, great book. FE: Arkham War, but it's kinda meh.(No Batman, all Villains) I loved Forever Evil, but it's not really a Batman book and you want to have read Trinity War before it. That being said, Batman is the most relevant superhero in FE. More recently, Batman Eternal featured a good amount of villains.
I think it's cool. Some interesting rules. I wish them the best. But the Eagles provide me with enough football. If the NFL/Eagles ceased to exist, I would gladly watch the Soul all season.
I could never get these things to work.
I think it's the best GBA castlevania, the only major criticism I have is that you often have no idea where to go, but that's a common issue(if at all, sometimes it's annoying when you have to backtrack a lot, sometimes it works) in these games. The magic system is fun, it has some of the best movement out of any castlevania game, good music. The difficulty is just right. I think it meshed the old whip using Belmont gameplay with the open world map, and I think it feels just right. I'm surprised anyone here doesn't like it, at first I preferred Aria of Sorrow because I played it first but HoD really grew on me. CoM movement is a little clunky, and the cool card system suffers from such low drop rates that it ultimately makes the game bullshit hard unless you go out of your way to grind. Aria of Sorrow is a great game, but I feel like it starts out really weak from a level design perspective. It gets better and better though, not much to criticize, but I think HoD is better. And the CoM/HoD on one cartridge is pretty nice as well.
Wow.... You know, I can't remember beating this game but I bashed my head against ph3 Dracular a bunch of times and this entire time I thought that was Simon Belmont.
Perhaps they could do better, but I think there's something to be said about how much larger their sample size gets when it hits live.
Slaughter houses are fucking horrendous dude where have you been.
I'm sorry, you are friends with all these dogs being killed? I'll answer that for you, no, you are not. The fact that you may of had a pet dog that you liked has no bearing over whether or not they have some magical superiority to other animals and therefore shouldn't be eaten just like so many other animals who are genetical altered and bred to die in shit conditions.(and then eaten) Hell, if people cared so much about dogs they would do something about these insane breeding practices for things like dog shows. Or if they actually cared about animals they would be more passionately against slaughterhouses and the like. It's fucking hypocrisy, end of story.
Not a good one.
By mine?
I think it's fine as long as he isn't a bland character. I think there's enough anxiety/panic/selfconflict in Snowden's story to allow his acting panache to sell the role.
Didn't he choose not to direct ESB?
Or it's just Han Solo being Han Solo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG4W0LbIvW0
Dude you want to play me over nothing. I said you couldn't fuzzy guard the mixup, you agreed and said that you couldn't do it and block it on reaction instead which I didn't have an issue with. But it's completely irrelevant because your ability to block it on reaction doesn't mean it's not a good 50/50m which was the whole point. But you say "oh don't believe me why don't you play me?" Well I don't play Ermac, I don't care if you can block his overhead, there was no point of playing you. And I got downvoted, thinking it was you I downvoted your backtracking comment that challenged me for no reason. Then you start calling me a pussy for not wanting to play you. You are the one who is talking shit and you are the one who is being a petty douche all because I won't play you over this bs. The second I didn't jump to play you you started insulting me like a fucking child.
DAE hate the prequels?
He's a good backup, but you could potentially get a guy to backup who has a much higher upside. But one thing Sanchez has over a lot of guys is experience without being so old he's past his prime.
Damn, a shame it's on this one this can be troublesome to land.
I'm no expert but I think the rule is that if he loses control of the ball before he starts moving his arm forward it's a fumble. The weird thing is that Eli still flinged the ball, but it seems like Barwin got a hand on it before there was any forward motion. So I guess the idea is that Eli fumbled it and then immediately batted(for lack of a better word) the ball forward. Thankfully this would of had no impact if they called it either way just a change to the stat line.
I never noticed that I think you are right. He also uses them in cutscenes during his storymode chapter.
I prefer Leeroy Jenkins
I think people just like bitching about stuff they don't know how to stop. They also might not realize how important command grabs are for that variation. They might also think you are just doing regular grabs. First time I played a good commando I had no clue what to do it was really frustrating, but I knew it was just me being a noob against a fairly rare character.
I think any defense will get exposed with that amount of snaps in the regular season. I was pretty high on Billy Davis earlier in the year and I want to cut him some slack. But there's just so little to point to in a positive way. I will say I think our defense this year was the best we've had under Chip, they were just way more consistently put in bad situations by the offense. There's just been nothing to write home about outside getting better players in there.
Read the article, he pretty much says he wants to stay but at 17 million or whatever we have he doesn't think it's likely.
Eagles plz, find a way to get Celek back on this team next year without running out of money.
If you are getting uppercut'd a lot when you are trying to attack it's probably because you are going straight for his high strings(almost all of his are) too often and the opponent is keyed in on that. You can combat this by getting a f1 jail out of the hit stun of d1, d2 or d3. You can armor, go for b3, use b1, use a random normal like f4, try to get more successful jumpins or go for a special. You just need to do something to get them to block and or get some respect up close. You have to stop them from low profiling you by making them respect your options. This can be difficult at times, the d1 into f1 is the most effective way IMO. For zoning, it depends on who you are playing, but Aftershock can typically help Tremor against zoning. Metallic and Crystal have their merits here but not as much as Aftershock, even less so for Crystal. Just don't keep throwing things out against every char. There's some chars you can be reckless against but most of the time you want to make calculated decisions with projectiles. Your two best projectiles across all variations are the boulder and the up rock. Ground pound and rock throw have their place too but those two are the big ones. Boulder is pretty fast and knocks people down where you can use EX ground pound. Aftershock can use air pound to apply more long distance pressure or counter zone. Challenge with up rock often(not when horribly unsafe), remember you can hold back* to aim at a person jumping in or running in. The zoning in particular is something you just will get the hang of the more you play, really just need to get a feel for it. Edit: For clarity
Using the close up rock(db3b) will hit people trying to run under it or jump in. If it's a hit in the air you get a free chance to EX ground pound. I mostly use a combination of Crystal and Aftershock but at this point I choose variation solely because of the matchup. I've started to play Metallic quite a bit in recent weeks. Aftershock is probably the best one to start with, he gains two new moves and everything else is the same as variationless Tremor. His delayed ground pound(dd1) is almost useless but his air dd1 is one of the best moves in the game. It lets Tremor counter zone with the best of them. But if I thought I could handle certain characters zoning I would play Crystal and Metallic every match. All variations are really good, Tremor may have a couple big weaknesses but he makes up for it in so many ways. I made a long winded post about variations a few weeks ago, check it out if you want more info about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/MortalKombat/comments/3x908l/switching_from_subzero_to_tremor_how_much/cy2mcgm
Wasn't him being called Captain Marvel in comic a non issue? I thought that a while back they just had to change the comic's name to Shazam and when the New 52 hit they changed CM's name to Shazam to make it less confusing.
Mediocre junk food
A lot of people are starting to consider Liu Kang with his Dragon Fire as one of the best characters in the game. He's very good. DF is considered his best variation, followed by Flame Fist and then Dualist. Look [here](http://testyourmight.com/threads/the-new-and-improved-liu-kang-combo-thread.54420/) for some combos and youtube will probably have some stuff, just make sure it's a video from the last 4 months or so because there were patches that changed some stuff up before then.
But he won't win the nomination so...
What a sex crime you people should be ashamed
I know nothing about that but twitch chat is one of the least trustworthy sources for that kind of thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQfQYHyEvAg#t=3m31s
Desean's making it out like the guy did something morally wrong. It's not bad karma that he cut you Desean, you even admit that you needed to "be more of a professional and know that there was more to it than how you performed.” He even mentioned the kids, the poor children... Give me a break Desean.
That was the only reason that went into cutting Desean and trading Lesean. Chip just didn't like them. Usually when people get cut or traded, there's a ton of nuanced reasons, this time these players got unfairly cut because Chip just didn't like them. /s
First, the game runs at 60 frames per second and moves all have data that describes them in terms of frames. You know how if you play Scorpion and you teleport on someone who is blocking they can attack you before you can block again? That's because Scorpion is minus after his teleport is blocked. For sake of argument, let's say Scorpion's teleport wasn't minus on block, and was something like + 10 frames on block. 60 frames = 1 second so that would mean that after Scorpion's teleport(the hypothetical plus one) is blocked Scorpion has 1/6th of a second to attack before the opponent can do anything but block or stand there.
I believe it would go something like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfsF4vOXTxg). Credit to TYM user "xInfra Deadx".
F3 I think which leads to big damage in corner but it's pretty slow. His main mixup tool are his b1 strings. b112's 2 is overhead, b13's 3 is low. Which isn't a real mixup but with War God it can be. Mostly going to want to mess around with special cancel's out of those. Kotal in all variations has that great pressure from 114 but I would say War God is more about the mixups and spacing. He get's great range on his sword specials.
Oh wow I never thought about interactables with Blood God they are probably redonk all around.
Johnny is dramatically more serious nowadays. We're talking about the comic relief nut punch guy here. Not that it ever stopped me from loving the character.
I'll give you some general info. TYM has some good threads to help you get started. Maybe a little more info would help people be more specific, can't tell how much you know the character. Master DB2 and it's up/down variations. http://testyourmight.com/threads/tremor-combo-thread-v2-updated-jan-2016.54733/ http://testyourmight.com/threads/jailing-with-tremor-on-block.56520/ Three relatively simple yet effective combos: Punish Combo: **f12, db2d, b2xxdb2u, b2xxdb2** (Use EX dd4 immediately after to add 13% damage or start projectiles) * You can use a variety of starters with this, f1 is Tremor's fastest normal so it's usually ideal for punishing. * You always get to use EX dd4 for an extra 13% any time you hit the opponent with DB2.(The regular version, not up and down) Corner: **21d4xxdb2d, b2xxdb2u, b2xxdb2u, 3xxdb2** * Again, EX ground pound or up rock here for extra damage or setups. Crystal specific midscreen: Any starter(F12, 21d4, 3, B1d4, ect.), **EXdb1d, NJP, f3, RUN, f12xxdb2** * Makes use of Crystal's Armored low launcher which goes great working with Tremor's DB2d. * Like all these combos you don't need the starter. That's there to open the opponent up or add more damage. A lot of time you will just use the armor to start this combo.
No bet is worth a thousand words
For money presumably. But the barrier of entry and difficulty of the job relevant to the pay and benefits are probably night and day. Hot dog vendors don't need to be beautiful women with talent and experience in gymnastics and whatnot. Every thing I've read about how well cheerleaders get paid had been really underwhelming, to the point that I have to ask why they even bother.
Does d3 really jail into d3?
Honestly I find the chat to be horrendous(when you get that many people) but it's worth a laugh every once in a while. Reminds me of r/circlejerk.
He's gonna be awesome. Just ask yourselves, how many chainsaw's has MK had in it's illustrious history? The answer my friends? Not enough.
I mean yea you could, similar governments have existed.
Oh I agree I'm just being a little snarky. I think every football team needs a guy(the head coach) with final say when it comes to game day decisions. There would definitely be problems and you won't get time to discuss everything you need someone to make quick decisions when needed.
Pederson would not surprise me. But I think McDermott wasn't doing any interviews while the Panthers are still in it.
Yea I don't see a quick clip through the wall as that big of a deal. Maybe if they got stuck or something.
Did I say that? In recent years he has been unimpressive and he's like 70 years old, it's not unreasonable to think that he's out of gas at this point. And losing so many close games this year and letting OBJ act like a moron for the better part of that one game doesn't help his case.
I voted non issue because I really just don't care as an Eagles fan. I would be posturing if I actually did anything about it but if they ended up changing it that's a non issue for me too. Honestly I have a bigger problem(as in just barely caring) with the Cleveland Indians. The "Indians". Fucking Christopher Columbus, don't get me started on that asshole.
I actually had fun with this survey and great post to follow it up. I used to shit on Romo, but he wasn't having it, had to prove me wrong. I would be concerned about his health going forward but I can't in good faith say Manningface, Bradford or Cousins are better even though I might take one of those guys over today's Romo. Monster Cox. Jay Gruden and Jason Garrett are the two last men standing, who could of seen that coming?
There's more then a few tough catches and some bad throws in here. But my god, for everyone of those there's four "WTF, how did you not catch that?"
Yea I don't want to rabidly speculate but it's hard to not think that's the case. He basically lost his job to Chip but they decided to keep him around, that was bound to work out smashingly. Either way, Howie gets his old job back with a pay raise. Or I guess we're doing committee now I don't even know anymore.
Big Red vs Vikings, Vikings win. Their logo is badass.
"I don't know why Philadelphia hates me"
Challenge more with rolling kutter and up rock. You can't be reckless because of his teleport but he shouldn't be super comfortable standing full screen. Do something to make him block or get hit and armor up so you can help punish the meterless teleport. And the Crystal launcher is really good in this MU to help deal with Takeda's whips. Looks like you got a general gameplan seemed like a lot of execution was holding you back. Which happens just need to get more time in. HoneypuffCereal pretty much said it all. Like he said f121 should be special cancelled most of the time or just more often, when they respect the special that's when you really get the benefit of it's plus frames.
I thought it was cool that he did the radio shows but in the short time I remember listening to him he was a master of the non-answer.
Well with JJ Watt in the backfield everyone and their grandma knows they are going to run it.
They have a bunch of vague rules about taunting and whatnot. I think the issue here is Dupree joining in on the dance.
I guess, but other then it's name there's nothing about it that justifies it's rarity.
My issues with this have all been fixed by closing MKX through the menu and restarting.
I think tag match wasn't particularly well liked. Tag ladder was awesome.
He does a grab and everyone freaks out because they are so impressed.
Heh must of had the volume to low didn't notice
Megaman, especially the original, is straight trial by fire. Just have to keep throwing lives at it until it all clicks. Also need to spam the megabuster it fixes 80% of problems.
Wouldn't be shocking. MKX PC isn't really comparable to Wii U Injustice but it got dropped for DLC.
I don't know anything about that I just read an article saying those three were the Apocalyptic pack.
On one hand I think it needs to improve on the other I think a lot of people have shit connections.
There's a conversation in chapter 3 where the MU talks about it's benefits noting the higher defense and offense you get. I'm sure there's a help screen where they list it's benefits as well. It turns 2 units into 1 really powerful unit.(It can anyway) Unit A may have good speed and strength but Unit B may have high defense. Unit A+B has good speed, strength and defense. Maybe you want a beefy pegasus knight while being able to move Kellam with that nice high movement, well you can get that with pairup. No where to put your healer to protect them from enemies? Pair up and put them in the back. Boss battle too much? Pair up your best units. Also any benefit you get from fighting next to someone is greater when you are paired up, the chances of dual strike and guard are much greater paired up and the support bonuses are more noticeable. You don't get any of the stat bonuses from standing next to eachother which is the best part of it. It might seem logical to say it's better to have two units but one unit who takes less damage and kills enemies in one round is far better then two units who have to work together anyway. There's few times that you shouldn't be using pair up in some fashion, it's really really good.
I can't find anything that supports that quote. Seriously doubt they said something along those lines.
You can use the same logic for a staggered release.
I love Basilisk it is so cool. I haven't tried him out online yet but I've been trying to learn nimble Reptile. But I believe you can get 34% if you do 5 slides then 2, 1... f3, 1, 2, slide. But then you don't get the lick action. I think those are the right inputs and it's not too hard to land either.
It looks like the NJP is different depending on the variation. Like Ferra Torr or Jason. I saw two NJP's, one without the Tarkatan blades presumably with less range.
Well that's true to an extent, but except in the case of S supports(marriage) there's no limit to how much you can support. You can always get the support points you want later and do the conversations at your leisure. Also unless you are playing on the higher difficulties(which are ludicrously difficult) it won't kill you no matter who you have marry. There's a lot of thought that can go into it, but I think the game is generous enough with good units and whatnot to let you do whatever.
How do I know he didn't fuck my wife?
It's sold for people who smoke it.
Go to rooms if you are having issues finding matches.
They did alright until the Bucs/Lions games where the offense played like absolute shit. Yea our defense got murdered, but the offense scored 7 points in the first 57 minutes of the Lions game and had 4 turnovers in the Bucs game including a pick six IIRC. The defense also recovered a fumble. And the defense at this point had the most snaps and by extension game footage for teams to study up on. I won't tell you the guy is Buddy Ryan or even that I want him back, but it's clear to me that the defense was often screwed over by the offense in receiving bad field position while playing by far the most out of any defense in the league. They weren't playing a couple drives more then other teams, they were playing whole games worth of snaps more. I use the word exposed because the defenses' weaknesses are that much harder to hide with the frequency they saw the field.
It's extremely similar....
Very very similar. Gives you more freedom to explore but they still tell you where to go on the map. Great game, a tad more difficult then Fusion. Basically, if you liked Fusion, no reason that you shouldn't like this. If you thought Fusion was a little to linear but enjoyed it, then you'll probably like this better. It's just more streamlined then the earlier entries in the series.
Yea but he doesn't seem to have high damage in Shaolin and he has no armored launcher. Seems fair enough in my experience.
It's probably the dpad. The only reasons it shouldn't work is if you hit a wrong direction or you are standing in the wrong spot. You are probably getting diagonal inputs when you do it. It seems to me that today's dpads are much more responsive then the old Genesis/Snes ones causing more accidental inputs.
Isn't that how it's always been? Close, sweep distance and full screen.
Interesting, never even touched a PS4 controller but I get diagonal inputs on my specials like every time on Xbox. Maybe you should just try to do it painfully slow like your friends said, one input at a time. I'm pretty sure you can space them out long as opposed to having to slam it out. I had some trouble with them at first but I just slowed it down and never looked back.
I'm still riding the Gus bus
&gt; forced the owner into the arms of a guy Are you really blaming Chip for Howie?
Alright but all I'm saying is Howie being back is all on Lurie. He wasn't forced to keep him around to repromote him.
Alright and that's still 20 bucks more then you wouldn't have to pay otherwise.
And that's still 20 bucks that wouldn't have to be paid if you had just bought the physical copy.
That will limit their ability to get hired. A lot of teams wouldn't be willing to wait for a chance to interview someone who may not even be interested.
Who's we? It's not like it counts towards the salary cap.
Yea but Vick was already old and couldn't stay on the field. He played 7 games.
I think Chip is going to trade away all the talent
I didn't even notice because I fucking love equality bro
MKX will never truly be a competitive game until we have jiggly meters like in DoA.
I guess that's fair, but from what I remember we actually ran more traditional "read-option" with Vick but we had to curtail that stuff for Foles/Sanchez/Bradford. I don't think you'll see a dramatically different Chip offense, but those "read-option" plays we run where Bradford is meant to pass would now have a legitimate threat of the run. But I would agree that there's reason to be skeptical about Kaep's actual QB ability, I just don't want to get into that. Edit: I thought this comment got deleted.
Then they have less time to get ready and hire a coaching staff. And then you have to enforce it. &gt; It's not like the NFL controls every other aspect of the sport... That's one of the worst reasons to do something like this. It may not even be legal to do it.
You think that would give him enough time to do it mid combo?
No reason you should have 1 timeout in the first quarter
People act like there's going to be VR revolution. Like in 20 years people are going to laugh at the plebeians using TV's to play games. "You have to use your hands? That's a baby's toy!" It will probably get somewhat popular, making a comeback in the arcades but people aren't going to use all this shit to play Super Mario and Candy Crush. For the home market the best I see it being comparable to motion controls, being popular and then kind of fading out because the novelty runs out.
Did you see my edit? He dies during the events of MK3(or right before) and is not present as a playable character.
That alone is far superior to being unplayable.
What is time management?
I mean I don't really know if that's why they did it but she had white eyes in Deception.
I think it's completely fair. Each team gets a 50/50 chance to decide who gets the ball. The problem is that you don't want a coin flip to have such an impact.
Yea you could just do the f12 combo but there's still things that could stuff it. I don't know about the ones OP is referring to though.
He's had conversations since the first movie. Holding conversations with characters who aren't speaking a real language is classic Starwars.
Path of Radiance didn't sell well at all. If anything, that game made them more concerned about the future of the franchise.
They probably don't want to do it they spent like 8 years without releasing a single non Metroid game.
It's a great game to come with the system. But the single player is just alright. When you can get 3+ people it's awesome. Though it's probably worth it just for the Metroid game.
&gt; At the professional level, you should be able to think ahead, and extrapolate based on current information. Yes, and the current information was there's 2 minutes left and you need 3 points take the yards and at the very least get tackled before you run 20 yards back and don't fumble it. It was a boneheaded move and the Brandon Marshall's lateral was horrible as well. Don't throw away what you just gained, especially when the game is on the line.
Surprisingly solid question from Eskin
Yes please keep Celek And Sammy B
Nice question about the 4-3 guy. Got a non answer, but good job on ya.
If that's true then half of the cast has 0 options against Kung Lao's ji2 anyway.(Which come on I know it's ridiculous but it's not that bad.) And you wouldn't have stamina regardless of the change so what's the difference? Overall I think the change helps out the majority of characters in a much bigger way then Kung Lao benefits. A lot of stamina heavy characters have good projectiles anyway. And let's be real, Kung Lao is probably the best character in the game. Just because a character isn't as good as him doesn't mean they aren't perfectly fine.
No one builds meter like that.
Kung Lao uses his meter for pressure and one of the best armors in the game. He does gain quite a bit of it but he's not like D'vorah who just hordes the stuff. &gt; making it harder for the low tiers to keep the game going because they can't build the same meter or deal with the bad footsies tools. It makes it harder for both players to go on the offensive. That doesn't mean the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. For one, it increases the viability of doing breakers for all characters. It obviously eliminates the option of run in, eliminating a lot of offensive options. This makes it easier to defend against and read. Certain characters will benefit from the placement a breaker gives, but in a game where most of the dominant characters are rushdown this gives zoners some small edge. Of course that's a non factor if you break into the corner. It's not about low tiers and high tiers. This is a boost to the defense for all characters and like always some characters are better then others. In most matchups a character like Kung Lao most likely does not benefit from this change, HQT Predator probably does. I think this is a smart change that will improve the flow of the game ever so slightly in the defensive direction.
They wouldn't make these changes unless they intended to use them. But they are probably doing it knowing they will get some feedback about it so who knows what will make it live.
Fuck it 11-5
Would create invisible hitboxes.
They announced new netcode and the XL version, how is that not good news? How many companies redo the netcode after it comes out due to fan demand?
Lol Jacqui has a Khrome skin
Could be a glorified brutality, which is pretty much the same thing.
I'm not going to act like I watched multiple chief games this year but all teams probably score more in the first half. Teams who don't need more points to win play more conservatively and the Chiefs won a lot of games this year. But like I said I wasn't watching so I can't really say.
Killer Instinct. Which is apparently getting a PC port after all this time.
Ermac's costume might b a Noob costume to go with the cosplay pack. Of course they didn't have him in the promo for it so maybe not.
To get KP1 and skins? That's why they call it a season pass, not an all dlc pass. Edit: Wow, sorry I had to explain what a season was.
Cox is under contract next year in case you didn't know people keep talking about him like he's a FA
I think the character in general is very defensive. Cryo is definitely more geared for offense but they all have a great projectile to trade with, a slide to whiff punish and good spacing normals. Unbreakable and Grandmaster would definitely give you the better defensive options though. As for other characters Blood God Kotal Khan has really strong defense while having no armor which is strange but the dude is a tank when played right. His armor totem reduces damage, he has his sun beam for healing and he has a parry that gives him dmg buff. Some characters with great zoning can't zone him. He also can kill people in one combo under the right circumstances. The other two variations have alright to good defense, but not like Blood God. Kano might be worth checking out. Particularly Commando with it's parries. Overall he's just a character that is big on fundamentals. Other then that you could just check out characters with strong zoning tools. You can take a character that may be played more offensively by some and play them defensively.
DAE Fallout 4 not an rpg? Obsidian roleplay and speech check so good. They should make all games. Like we deserve amirite?
&gt; But, I forgot, I'm on r/gaming and I must worship devs and never criticize. Lol dude this is r/gaming. DAE Witcher 3 better then Fallout 4? DAE Fallout 4 not RPG? DAE fuck the devs, "insert previous entry in franchise" is real "insert franchise name" game unlike this shit And incredibly written... what series are you playing?
It doesn't say that's Lurie's biggest failure. It uses it as one example of being unprepared on Lurie's part. I don't know if that's completely fair, but I think it's worth noting. Like the article said, when Kelly was brought in they shared a table. Having the one podium made it really awkward. And it's just one thing that article harps on. They obviously want to make themselves and the new coach look as good as possible, and they didn't do the best job of it.
Well it should, new netcode is completely unheard of and it's something fans have been bitching about since day one. Stage Brutalities = Stage Fatalities but better then ever. Not every character is going to make it in, honestly I thought they got all the really important ones. They don't need to rehash every character in every game. &gt; More skins is cool and all but they are still missing so many characters that were in the originals that are being demanded... If you count Baraka/Alien then there's one character from the first two games not on the roster.
It would never have the level of depth that MKX has. There's a reason Armageddon was completely mediocre with things like create a fatality.
Sure but complex doesn't really translate to better. I'm partial to CT but either way you can't go wrong, both are outstanding.
He faces Ritchie in the final round where Richie's Pikachu 6-0's him.
Nah there really isn't anything like that. It's Mr. Fuji and in the localization a team of researchers who discover and clone Mew. The anime/movies had a bunch of stuff with Mewtwo and Giovanni but I can't remember how it all went down. Edit: I think the Mr. Fuji thing was implied way later.
Here's a link to what I believe is the song you are talking about. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMJLTXZ0FpM And you can use this site to turn it into an MP3 to download to use on iTunes. http://www.youtube-mp3.org/ Alternatively, you could see if there's a remix of it for sale on iTunes. But it's not like those are being sold by Nintendo or anything like that. Honestly I recommend just using that site, I've never had any issues with it.
Misty needed to be the gym leader for her bum sisters.
I think they had a similar issue with false stamina loss on Scorpion's teleport. Hopefully all these visual glitches will get fixed by launch.
I'll have to give it a shot anyway. The show was awesome from what I remember and it's not like I haven't watched shows with far worse voice acting.
**A mulberry is a tree, Kuwabara's a man, and I'll prove it. We all have to die when our time comes, but if we do our duty, we don't got regrets! So taste a little piece of my sword, Toguro!**
Cyber Sub Zero holy shit
Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOO0x3J6HVE
It was Triborg it had his name.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOO0x3J6HVE
Wahhhhhhh
They use their names because of that
Well for 25$ you get KP1 and KP2. But yea I would imagine they will offer the characters by themselves for 5 dollars or so like the others.
&gt; How can you sit there and honestly tell people to move on after this shitty game company and shitty publisher took their money and ended support within a year? Lol what's the alternative? Are you going to complain about it until the end of time?
So you are going to move on then. Like the above poster suggested. &gt; It's completely unheard of in the gaming industry for a triple A game to get shafted like this, It's really not. Triple A games are getting a bad reputation just for this kind of stuff. Look no further then WB for Arkham Knight's PC port. Edit: Wii U Injustice too, see that made me salty too but I understood why they did it. If anything I have a "cry less" attitude.
I don't think we'll be seeing any story justification for CSB's inclusion.
I would assume that they will send out more codes but don't hold your breath for one.
I don't even know where to start with this guy, I played a tiny bit of slasher when he came out and more recently I tried to learn Relentless and my god I don't even know how people play him. And in my small experience playing non slasher online I don't think a lot of people know why either. Non slasher just seems like there is no gameplan. Just throw out the b1 string and hope it connects I guess. Slasher isn't amazing or anything but it's really easy to play and has big damage and nice range. He's leagues ahead of the other two variations imo but that's probably not an uncommon opinion. He could definitely use a faster poke. I feel like I'm free for days to poke on the guy. He has command grabs that could have better hitboxes but he doesn't have that "oh shit I need to block" that so many characters have. Kano can bully you with pokes and safe strings, Kotal Khan has great buttons, ect. And his big combo's coming out of the hit stun of that garbage f2? Unreal, why is that a thing?
A standard midscreen punish BNB for non lava Tremor could be **f12xxDB2d, b2xxdb2u,(walk forward or pause) b2xxdb2, EXdd4 (40%)** As long as the starter doesn't knock the opponent up, it doesn't matter what it is for all these combos, it can be f12, 21d4, b1d4, 3, ect. If you were to EX db1d with a bit of distance you can easily get **EXdb1d, b2xxdb2u, b2xxdb2 (I think 27%)** That's a little wonky to land at close range though, so if you are doing it out of a combo or close armor I have three strings for you. All midscreen. These assume you are close enough to land a NJP after the shatter. **EXdb1d, NJP, b2xxdb2 (Forget damage, not that great but easy)** * You can also go for b2xxdb2u, b2xxdb2 but it's tight) **EXdb1d, NJP, f3, b2xxdb2 (Again don't know damage)** Then the one I like to use but requires running **EXdb1d, NJP, f3, run, f12xxdb2 (33%)** Sorry if damage percents aren't accurate, should be close enough. Edit: Also **F121xxDB2u, (walk forward), b2xxdb2** should work as well. 24ish%, but good combo to have to hit confirm with.
Thanks, edited it.
Yea I used to do that combo without the NJP and I just couldn't get it down consistently enough to use online and then I kind of forgot about it. I'll have to try that version though and see how it goes. That combo I listed is just the one I've been using as of late and I just like it for consistency but I'm always looking for an upgrade. Pretty much every combo I go for is a weaker version of one I know I could land offline. Also check out that TYM thread about punishing strings with Crystal's armor if you haven't already. It's hard to incorporate some of that into your game but nothing beats punishing EX punch walk.
I would say they are underused from what I've seen. Actually quite good in certain matchups but it's more of a thing you would want to do after a combo. The summon is pretty slow. A lot of people play Crystal in a more rush down oriented way so you won't see them use it too much. There's also some niche stuff you can do with it in combos. Also it has to compete with up rock, ground pound and boulder toss which are excellent, although when it's out it compliments them really well.
You can mess up opponents inputs and sometimes catch them not blocking or cause them to whiff armor. Tremor in particular has very high damage armor too. If you do it a lot the opponent can try to stop it but it can be pretty risky to try when you are in the corner, throw in crossups being a bitch online and bam.
It doesn't do anything like that it just messes with your save file's hall of fame and little stuff like that.
What do you look for in a character?
By number 2 do you mean Tremor's flash parry? He can do that in any variation.
Troy Baker as Shinnok/ect. Steve Blum as Bo Rai Cho/ect. Fred Tatasciore as Tremor and Torr, Jennifer Hale as Tanya, Parry Shen as Scorpion and Vic Chao as Goro all nailed their characters. But personal favorite has to be Tara Strong as Li Mei.... JK, for her excellent work on Ferra. You can hear shades of Harley but the voice just fits perfectly.
Thanks for the answer man good luck with all your stuff I'm a big fan.
Under the Red Hood is excellent. DC makes some great animated movies, perhaps with a bit of drop in quality more recently but they are still good fun. Somewhat more on topic I like how they had this backstory with Chrom's dad. Would of been nice for them to get more into it, but it's cool for the Lord's dad not to be a pillar of society for once.
The one currently keeping me up at night is mistake of my own. [POR](#s "That Black Knight fight... It was Nasir or GTFO. 4th attempt that reached the BK fight. I meticulously plan everything out, I don't get screwed by Luna, enemies aren't a problem, I got this. All's I need to do is move Ike in 2 space attack range and use an elixir and I'll win on the next and final turn. And then I double tap A by accident and attack BK and lose. Haven't played it in months, I can't bear to go through earlier part of the chapter again. I just wanted Nasir damn it.")
They really needed to mixup the cutscenes too. The Crystal cutscenes in particular were so monotonous it would of been nice for the party to chime in more about their situation.
Dragon's Fire Liu Kang, when he's played right he makes Tremor feel like low tier. He can really bully him. But honestly I'm starting to think Tremor's damage is absurd so I can't complain too much.
I don't play a lot of Kano but for Cutthroat I don't see the need to buff the meter burned damage buff. It let's you continue combos and you can use it's armor to parry. He already does a buttload of damage with it up anyway. I'm torn on b1, it has shit range but I like a balanced 50-50. Most of the rest seem logical enough.
PC support got cut, that sucks. But I don't see why you need to ask him about it to confirm that.
My favorite is The Sword of Seals in FE6. It's epic, it has an awesome boss, the introduction of an awesome chapter theme, just an all around badass chapter. Though it can be frustratingly difficult, there's a good amount of freedom given to the player as how to progress. It really feels like an accomplishment beating this one both gameplay and story wise. But really it's Port of Badon, because Canas and pirates. Mooncalves!
Only got so far into the third generation but Ash vs Lt. Surge "Oookay Raichu, give it a dunderbolt!" Ash vs Drake from the Orange Islands Ash vs Gary
Why don't they just have James Earl Jones wear the outfit?
I don't know, in the new 52 Wonder Woman run she seemed to use a lot of different weapons and it just fits the character IMO. Especially with her amazon background.
Well she does have a dive kick.
13-0 was boring for me. FT10 Wound Cowboy vs Burger King TFC finals DJT vs Forever King
I think u shud leave like gattsu and kill fairies and shit and com back to Potatoe lik alwayss
Gatts can only draem of loli waifu lik jill
i think gatts just lik skullingknight, both carrie srowd, both want fuk from donvonan
Yes.
Games get rid of bodies/bullet holes/guns/whatever mainly to keep the frame rate down and whatnot. Doom on Xbox actually can have some frame rate issues under the right circumstances.
Greatest game since 2006? Calm down.
&gt; Samuel brings Doomguy back to life... Somehow... Why this line? To justify how he didn't grow old in the tomb?
I hope not, they will never live up to it with something like that IMO. I imagine we won't see a major continuation of this storyline until another major event but who knows. Apparently the new Teen Titans will have something involving it.
You also just hit trinity war, so you might need to read that as well. Pay attention at the end of each comic usually it will tell you where it continues if it continues in another comic or miniseries.
They could certainly do more then just saying he's nuts and having him show up when Batman fights like 20 villains at once.
Well you are entitled to your opinion. I have it as the best game of the year so far but I'd put dozens of games since 2006 ahead of it, maybe as many as a hundred.
Haven't finished all three paths. Mechanically it's brilliant. Quality of presentation/graphics/music has never been better. Story so far has left a lot to be desired. The dialogue is inconsistent, sometimes it's really good and sometimes it sounds like bad fan fiction. Some moments are just baffling honestly but it's not like it's Gaiden lol. Thought the characters and supports were better then Awakening(Which I was fine with the characters, but the supports were mostly ass.) but still feels a little saturated. I enjoy most of the cast and I'm surprised at how much I enjoy the royals. They made many significant changes and I think they mostly worked out, the gameplay is substantially better then Awakening. The new pair up system is way more dynamic, fun and doesn't bogart your straregies like Awakening's pair up did. The uniqueness of weapons adds for more strategy and I'm glad they made weapons have no durability. Stocking up your army was fun when you had to mostly buy weapons during chapters but ultimately became a chore for me in Awakening. The Map Design is the most creative in the whole series and the use of skills on enemies and the lack of relying on reinforcements are very nice touches. They really challenge you in ways they haven't before. The new classes/weapons/stat tweaks inject the game with new energy. They took a lot of risks with a series that has changed little from its first incarnation and it worked out. Had this game had a good story(again haven't finished but I doubt it will reach par at this point) I would rave about it. The game may of suffered a bit from being split into paths, somethings are better then others,(For example some maps seem shoe horned in story wise.) but it makes for an interesting concept and it gives us a ton of content to play. Ultimately I think it's a great game that could of used some better writing.
It turns out that Thomas and Martha Wayne were crime fighting superheroes who Chill got revenge on and would of wanted Bruce to become one too.
Fallout 4 doesn't have the visuals or fast paced action that Doom has and it has frame rate drops on Xbox(IDK about PS4) as well. And like you said those ragdolls can be clunky. Also the E3 build could of been on PC before they optimized for consoles. Whatever the case they do it for practical reasons and methinks that's to keep frame rates down. That would be very noticeable in a game like this where it's more passable for something Like FO4.
It's not negligible when it causes your defense to have to play more snaps then other teams by a large margin. Edit: Downvoting me doesn't change that the Eagles D played almost 150 more snaps then the next team. ;)
He also makes a ton of tweets that people take as announcements when he's just retweeting something
Still waiting for Rain to be playable... Still waiting for Shaolin Monks 2... KP3...
Something inherent with run cancel pressure opens me up everytime.
http://testyourmight.com/threads/what-do-you-know-about-jacqui-cancels.57725/ Was curious myself and thought I'd just link it.
Well because Triborg was probably broken and like all characters in the game he received changes after being released. When people finished labbing Cyrax he would of been stupid as fuck. Where as people kept on asking for Mileena buffs not realizing how solid she was.
Killing off your units and focusing on a few good ones was surprisingly rewarding for a second playthrough. It was fun to care little about most of my units for once.
Fates was not aimed at kids but that wouldn't of stopped people(in the US atleast) from raising eyebrows and complaining at the shameless petting simulator. Localizing that into what they have now was a wise decision. TBH I see little to no issue with these kinds of changes and people overblow the whole thing which leads to this censorship nonsense, it's localization changes in an industry where even Pokémon can be very controversial over some character designs.
Really? What else was notably localized besides skimpy outfits and character ages?
Superdelegates in the Democratic party vote for who they choose to. Maybe I'm missing something but I'm not sure why Sanders would think that they would vote for him in that scenario if they were going to vote for Clinton.
I got to be honest I don't think these changes alone are as big of a deal as you make them out to be. The girls in the photos don't need to show skin to get the creepy photograph point across and switching to a bikini to lure in the creepy bad guy? Not exactly the end of the world to change that imo. And I'd hardly call it censorship these seem like fairly typical sex-focused localization changes.
Yea but you get a ton of damage of it and it moves like 2/3 the screen. It has a ton of uses outside of "get off me" and even then he has EX Pew Pew Pew which is a solid wakeup.
Aww yeaa it's splosion time
Ear gauges
We invading the ED
Step back and actually think about it. Stop being so naive. What do you think, that you know more about how to release and promote DLC then Bethesda? Fool, they've been doing this for years. If you read and understood my first post you wouldn't of said that as it means nothing. Try actually using your brain next time.
Because there are different opinions on sexuality across different cultures and honestly some of it is just shameless fanservice. Fire Emblem Fates petting simulator was an atrocity for example. When I say it isn't a big deal I mean that the enjoyment of the game should in no way be affected by the change unless of course your enjoyment of the game was tied to lewd imagery. Maybe covering up that bosses chest is a little much. &gt;It's just stupid that nowadays every western localization gets these stupid small changes. It's a common practice and games have received these types of changes for years. And I feel like calling this stuff censorship belittles the real life issues of censorship.
It moves a mile a minute at the beginning, fairly typical of all the Gundam shows I watched. It's world building; they trust the audience to piece together some stuff from dialogue and if not it will start coming together as you watch more episodes.
You'll have to be more specific then that to satisfy the genre semantics nazis but yes there's no reason to say it's not a fighting game outside of wanting to exclude/belittle it.
/r/Injusticegame/ I imagine this sub will have a lot of injustice focused posts though.
MKX added 8 DLC characters though(MK9 had 4), and I'm referring to the base roster. I think MK9 had like 27 or while MKX had 23. Could be off but pretty sure that's about right.
I'll take Supergirl over Red Hood lol
Swamp Thing &gt;&gt;&gt; Captain Cold &gt;&gt;&gt; Blue Beetle Swamp Thing is a badass with a great backstory and excellent comics. I sincerely hope he is included.
Whatever the case I just think it bogarts the hype to have character's revealed(or even the game with the gamestop thing) like this.
I just told you; it bogarts some of the hype. Had Grodd and Atrocitus been revealed first with a trailer it would be more hype.
It's teasing the customization/gear options.
After the terrible sales of Wii U Injustice I find that to be doubtful. On another note there was a recent trailer for something that included a logo(probably placeholder) for NX, I can't remember what it was though.
At the E3 presentation as I watch it live or as it get's uploaded to youtube. Either way does that bother you?
And r/fighters already hates it. I'm shocked, shocked I say!
Lol you literally use every chance you can to insult or to declare how intelligent you are. What's with the inferiority complex?
What debate? I thought you just wanted to prop yourself up with insults. The only thing proved here was that u/BERSERKERRR has confidence issues and that he is extremely butthurt about his interaction with the MK fanbase. But I'm sure that won't stop him from making another post where he declares how right he is.
Wouldn't be as badass though
Think of it as an upside down command grab and do it over and over and over and over again until you can do it that fast.
It's very doubtful.
http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/0/40/4931903-11+jl3001+6.jpg
We doing logical fallacies now? Why don't you come down from Mt. Hyperbole then. So in the end you agree that a company choosing to make changes to their game in localization is no way comparable to say a governmental body censoring people's right to free speech? Good. I'm glad we had this discussion.
In the real world things aren't black and white. And it's not the same thing when someone willingly censors themselves(Like I currently am by not saying exactly what I think, like people always are doing) and when someone else is using force to censor them. In one case someone is willingly changes their speech/art whatever and another they are being forced to do something against their will. If you can't see the difference between that then you are being intellectually dishonest, and that's the bottom line.
Yea I'm just gonna be skeptical about it. The biggest argument in favor for KP3 I've heard is the major changes to the Netcode. They didn't have to do it for MKX they could of waited for Injustice.
0% hit chance will always miss. Perhaps a skill or dual attack did the deed?
Counter would be a bastard like that.
They aren't paying the artist enough apparently.
That's an incredibly naive and self serving opinion that has no basis in reality. I suppose in your mind killing a man in self-defense is the moral equivalent to a first degree murder. It's localization changes to cover up lewd imagery. Seriously dude, use your brain for a minute to comprehend that this isn't some moral atrocity.
Gorilla Grodd
I don't know how I feel about hisoka sizing me up like that
What a heartwarming reunion.
Fallout: Adult Swim Edition
In a way yes. His armor isn't very fast so it can be broken easily and he has the slowest pokes in the game. On the upside his pokes have good range/hit advantage and his armor does alot of damage. And his actual movement like run speed is good enough. His f1 high is 7 frames though which is very good.
Get Hype!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAb3ho7fSsE
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2qamgp
If it wasn't for baseball we would never of had this episode, always remember that.
Song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYRDgd3Tb44
THIS IS MADNESS
What's this song tell me damnit Edit: Science https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkDxNNR9DmE
Why?
They all look truly fantastic except for maybe Kitana and that's just her without her mask on. It's a nice meme I guess though.
Because one person said it and then another and another and now it's the hot take that everyone is repeating. Notice how many times people say the original had better graphics, like it takes some serious parroting to say something like that with a straight face.
MKX was gorgeous and the faces too what reality do you live in?
I still think that looks really good. Again I don't see why people would call that terrible.
Lol those are oddly specific numbers.
Unfortunately it is what it is. Do player match and think about adding the people you have good sets with for rematches.
Yea but that assumes that every single thing in the manga is in the anime and vice versa. Which granted probably would still get you a pretty accurate number in the case of Jojo.
Idk man duelist doesn't seem *that* bad but I don't know those characters that well. But still that's two variations lol.
I thought it was a great idea and I love "hero" Lex. I know it's going to end at some point but I want them to ride it out longer. I feel like there's a ton they could do with it even if it's just villain of the week. While we're on the subject what was the deal with Luthor and Owlman secretly meeting each other, did that ever get referenced again?
This trailer is pretty horrendous TBH, it's almost like they don't want people to know it's a fighting game.
The game isn't coming out for months and people are already talking about DLC. Classic EA.
Which is a marketing ploy for content that should be in the game at launch.
No, they just aren't cost effective. People play the demo and then say "alright, this games not for me" as opposed to people buying the game for full price and saying the same thing.
&gt; I think you underestimate just how hard games are to develop and expect unreal amounts of content to be in a game for you for free. No, I don't. I'm criticizing EA for it's DLC practices where they push off content to be released either for free(where it builds up hype for the game and other DLC) or for paid DLC. They do it in almost all their major games. Edit: Early access to the DLC is part of the preorder bonus which will release shortly after the game launched. That's content that should be in the game at launch, but they instead release it as DLC with a preorder bonus to build hype and get more sales.
Lol didn't you just tell me that the first DLC is going to be free? You shouldn't speculate dude you are spreading misinformation about the game. Edit: Also 10 maps for a multiplayer focused game like wow look at that content.
There's no point, honestly there's no point of even using the armor. The armor makes an easy game braindead if you don't care about grinding rupees. I'm sure it could be helpful in the 100 floor dungeon or whatever though.
I guess by good I'm more saying that the demos were long and had a lot of content. Or were just replayable. Kind like, "well this game looks cool but I don't want to drop 60$, I'll just play the long demo for two hours."
Everybody has dirt. I don't know if it's MOS but someone has to be the worst.
When he cleansed the Jinsei from Shinnok's influence he absorbed the bad juju.
So because you can't unlock your FPS the entire engine is complete shit. Whatever you say.
&gt; I said usually. I pretty much said the same thing. &gt; You're taking this too serious and you're acting defensive and rude. No reason to get so upset its just a video game dude. Lol alright. I'll go play a game that was finished on launch instead.
That's what I said in the last post. The entire engine is complete shit because of that; there's nothing good about it.
At the risk of sounding like an old codger talking about the good ol days, E3 ain't what it used to be.
Who does? They do what? If modders actually think the engine is complete shit then yes I do know better then them.
These are the same character designs. There's just the gear/costumes that they show off in both the CGI trailer and this one.
It'd be hard to really put numbers on it but there's no doubt it helps character recognizability.
I think the sheer amount of Batman books we consistently get points to that.
Hypeeeeeeeeeee
This isn't the hypest thing ever but I appreciate UI upgrades
No.
Perhaps a Fire Emblem style where the characters emote with voice acting and talk during cutscenes but use text most of the time. Either way I'm hype.
I love the artstyle, it has a mature look but keeps the cel shading or cel shade esque style. The attention to detail with various objects and exploration. From lighting barrels on fire to weather effects, that stuff goes a long way. The mixing up of past game mechanics and world building.
Whoever makes these tracks for Nintendo has got some skills. From the eshop to youtube intermissions they sound great.
That actually sounds like a really cool use of the Amiibo bonus.
You missed 2 main series 3d games. A lot more considering spin offs and the 2d games. Some of which were very good.
That exhibit looks sexy.
Possibly, it's a little early though. Noticing some things do a lot of damage though.
That's a placeholder date for when they just know the year. At least usually.
Links Awakening DX, Minish Cap and Link Between Worlds are probably my favorite of the portable 2D style entries. I always loved the Oracle games too. But for a more exhuastive listing, and I can't remember the years but first there were a few very solid entries for the GB/GBC in Link's Awakening(DX version best), Oracle of Seasons and Oracle of Ages. All available on 3DS virtual console for cheap. Then there's The Minish Cap for GBA which is quite good as well. For DS there's Phantom Hourglass and Spirit Tracks, which personally I wasn't huge about but a lot of people like them. A little atypical but worth looking into. 3DS has A Link Between Worlds which is spiritual successor to Link in the Past using a very similar map and structure, I enjoyed this one quite a bit. And then finally there's the multiplayer Triforce Heroes which I never played. I think that's all the unique entries, but there's also GBA Link to the Past that had the bonus game Four Swords and the 3D remasters of Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask for 3DS. I think that's everything.
I love what they did with the bombs.
And if they have no updates for those games and nothing really to show for NX?
&gt; but it doesn't look like zelda On what basis? Not enough exploration for you?
You must not of played much Xbox 360. The graphics aren't going to blow anyone away it isn't on a powerful console but be real it's not that bad.
Enemies actually do damage yesssssss
Seems much more dynamic with it being used to climb walls.
They aren't voicing Link. They talked to an NPC and it was the classic style text. It's probably just cutscenes or the helper character who has a voice.
Wouldn't be the first
Alright I'm blown away just get this thing a timely release date.
Better then I expected honestly.
I'm only gonna walk off an edge 500 times before I get used to the jump button.
Really liking the use of runes in puzzles.
I'd much prefer a 2d Metroid
They didn't remove anything they just didn't go to any towns.
They just didn't go to any towns or anything. They didn't remove stuff. They basically said "there are towns with NPCs but we don't want to spoil the story and focus on the exploration and whatnot".
Based on what source? Sounds like wishful thinking.
I don't know why people are saying that. They just didn't go to the towns in the demo and they said it was because they wanted to avoid spoilers.
Says who? When they talked about in the stream they didn't say that at all.
That just means there's no towns on the Plateau. Unless they specifically said they removed towns I don't believe it. That would be very time consuming. https://clips.twitch.tv/nintendo/CrazyHummingbirdShazBotstix
Breh it's Breath of the Wild not the classic RPG series.
&gt; It's where bias is peeled back and the general consensus is shown I'm not gonna rant on about this sub being pro anything but a lack of bias? Please. Being a default sub just makes it more biased.
According to whom? People keep saying this but provide no source. When Bill Trinen talked about it on stream he said nothing about a removal of towns.
Idk mate, it seems farfetched that they would remove an entire town for spoiler purposes. I would take your word for it if there wasn't so much BS about the whole thing lol. I was under the impression that there simply weren't towns in the plateau. What lady was it? I plan on rewatching most of it later this week, I'll keep an eye out for it.
I don't want him to be in mostly because of story purposes. Despite being dead, Joker is too important of a character in the Injustice universe to just have in a small role, he'd have to be a major player and I'm a little Joker'd out. And I sincerely hope they don't bring back the parallel earth thing. That said I thought he had a cool moveset in the first game and he's obviously a popular character. If nothing else I could see him as DLC.
No they do. Characters even have some stats affected by gear and certain gear items have unique effects on specials moves. But I don't think this is gonna be a situation where you get auto-wrecked because the other person has better gear. And they will probably provide a mode without gear.
I would imagine that at the least they will have gear pieces resembling that. I kind of doubt we'll get alt costumes. Seems like it would be costly to implement with the gear system without causing clipping issues for days. Would be a bummer honestly, but maybe the gear system will be cool enough on it's own.
Troll or idiot
They probably aren't bringing back every member of the cast and the Injustice story is taken seriously as it sells a lot of comics.
http://i.imgur.com/EfRDtRt.gif
Honestly those aren't mechanics Dark Souls invented or even popularized. Hell, past Zelda games have had both in some form.
It was a good idea. Many games allow you to play without being on the TV with it and it added great functionality to various games. Really what was wrong it?
Presumably. I think that whole thing has been a little messy ever since the reboot, I suppose this doesn't help though. But it's not impossible for that to have happened, especially at the rate he's going through them now lol.
Apparently Donna met up with them in Titans Hunt. The true meaning behind ten years being stolen or at least how that actually works isn't clear. Why does Pre FP Supes and Lois create an issue? Pretty sure convergence explains their deal.
Why does he have a photobook of teen titans stuff that never happened?
Why?
It's all but guaranteed.
They get the point across but it's not worth it to try to go over it with a fine tooth comb. Especially when talking about the "RPG" genre.
Self-absorbed... what?
The trinity meeting, while a little strange, was super badass
Pretty sure they found them to hurt sales. There were a few games I considered buying on 360 until I played the Demo. Some demos are just so good it's like "why even buy the game" lol.
Shut up Miura, get back to writing Berserk.
Well his life was a tragedy until he met the band of the hawk. Afterwards his life was complete shit again until he really started to open up and settle in with his new group. It's a bit of a theme for Guts to lose hard. Struggler. While I don't expect it I can see why people would suspect the plot to go that direction.
I don't notice any speed change is what I was saying.
I've always been a fan of the Adultswim timeslots. Something about watching Anime into the wee hours of the morning. I did watch some toonami when it was on early Saturday nights but I found it hard to consistently tune in.
mfw i thought i was in r/idolm@asterlejerk
Other moves can low profile mids, alot of sweeps for example. Not to say I don't think it's dumb to have a poke low profiled.
No character with that much swag could possibly be unviable.
Honestly what's good about him? I found him to be pretty mediocre. Every girl he meets falls in love with him, he's too OP for everything and he just really doesn't have much personality outside of teenage brooding.
Don't get the hate. I think it looks pretty good. Just give me an english dub and I'll be 110% on board with this.
Attack of the Saiyans for DS best DBZ game
Not enough Will Smith
Jamieson Price with that sexy voice
Never be the first to speak up, or the second or third
It's totally worth practicing anti crossups. And yes it is pretty annoying.
Several characters do little but punch; they can easily make a cool move set for someone like Cold. Plus we're talking about NRS, the masters of ice type characters in fighting games.
He was DLC
You have to try to outspace it, armor through or be timely with your own pokes. The number one way to stop pokes with Tremor is to armor. If you are playing Crystalline you should probably be using EXDB1d enough that they'll be careful with pokes. Other wise you have to make due with other variations non launching EXDB1 and EXDB2. This can be a little tricky though. EXDB2u is the best damage/speed but has bad range and can whiff against certain pokes. EXDB2d has the damage and will hit any poke but it's the slowest. For the most consistency use EXDB1 in non Crystal. Aftershock will leave them fullscreen to zone and Metallic will restand them to your advantage as well. Your pokes are slow but they have great range and give a ton of hit advantage. So whenever your land a d1/d2/d4 and it hits your should move into your f121 string. (Have to run for d4.) So if you are getting low profiled after landing a poke you are just too slow or using too slow of a move. If they are blocking pokes it's time to consider just starting with a high. Crystalline can take advantage of poor frames on pokes with his flex armor. Aftershock can also punish pokes with quick use of air dd1.
Not enough people play Bo Rai Cho apparently.
Try sleeping on your left(not right!) side. You want to be risen too like having a bunch of pillows to rest your upperbody on.
Does it do more damage then the alternative?
Dude f2 is an 11 frame mid and both f1 and b1 are 12 frame mids. Characters like Tremor and Bo Rai cho would kill to have a mid like that to deal with low profiling. Then he has a 7 frame mid in spin, he can jump back dive kick and then he can use one of the fastest armors in the game to punish people who are poke drunk. He has to the tools to deal with that stuff. And yea his pokes aren't the greatest but his d4 is 9 frames for +17 and he has one of the best reversals around. It's a weakness he can work around.
It's too soon to bitch about it as we have little idea how it's going to work out. That said, gotta say that Halo 5 is a great example of how microtransactions can hurt a game. That you ignore Warzone and it's 100$ *deals* on gold packs doesn't change that they spent a ton of development time on the mode at the expense of the rest of the game. For a mode that honestly just sucks.
They added 5 non forge arena maps which is nice but doesn't change how barebones the multiplayer at release. It took them months to add classic modes that should of been there from the start. And the campaign was just bad, doesn't help my outlook here. I never said the packs ruin Warzone. That's the whole point of the mode. I said the inclusion of the system hurt the rest of the game. It's a mindless rush to capture bases. But I have a decent amount of fun spamming scout warthogs I guess. It's not the pay to win aspect that I have issue with, it's the clear focus they have for making a microtransaction friendly system over quality in other parts of the game. But I digress, Injustice 2 shouldn't have this issue.
Nothing can compare to the reactions of Ernie Simms.
It's not that you'll be lost as much as it is that you won't appreciate the main character and his motivations as much. You really can't go wrong any version outside maybe the games. Personally I recommend the anime; it's got a great dub and is a very good adaptation despite some people trying to make it out as unfaithful. OST is really good and the anime knows how to handle mood. The Animation is old but that has a charm to it. Also it doesn't include parts of the beginning arc which IMO actually enhances the meat of the anime which is the Golden Age arc. Can't explain without spoilers. But yea the manga is god tier. Just be warned that this is a highly disturbing and graphic franchise, and the manga holds nothing back.
You'd only have to read up until about chapter 94 or so from the looks of it. But if you can deal with the aged animation I think the anime is worth watching either way.
If you liked HxH watch Yu Yu Hakusho
Big O I've never seen anyone talk about it on this sub. I enjoy it quite a bit.
Sorry I made you so upset with my comment.
So everyday people aren't qualified to vote for a major decision that will effect their lives but they are qualified to vote for other every day people to make those decisions?
Anarchism isn't inherently anti hierarchical, while that is common it depends who you are talking to. Not all anarchists are passionately against hierarchy like that. I'd imagine most people, anarchist or not, see the value of a hierarchy when it comes to parent/children relationships. Some are against it in all forms, others see it as a fact of life to be mitigated when practical and others just don't like the state's authority.
Well after reading the comments I am now enlightened and realize that there is literally no benefit at all for the UK to leave the EU and that only blatant racists support such a measure. Thank god for reddit, what would I think without you?
It would be strange enough that I think it would sell like hotcakes. That Shaq Fu nostalgia too.
Dat "the super saiyan" tshirt
Takes some master thieves to steal a sofa without getting caught.
No it's just a poor reference to the japanese VAs
Tonpa is the most diabolical villain in anime history
The hand of God
Nujabes soundtrack is god like
I mean it was said with irony.
Why wouldn't it be?
https://testyourmight.com/threads/mkxl-at-ceo-2016-top-8-is-set-for-today-at-2pm-est-11am-pst.60676/ https://testyourmight.com/attachments/ceo_2016_stream_event_schedules-png.12191/
Pretty sure she's dead.
Reo has the top 8 on his youtube https://www.youtube.com/user/NEWYORKJOSEPH
Why would it?
I know this is an controversial and rare opinion and that I'll get downvoted but DAE hate the prequels?
Really fun issue to swan song a great series.
Why is VGChartz bullshit? Just curious because I've heard this said before but never seen any mention as to why.
