&gt; If you had said this from the start then this conversation would have been over. Check usernames. &gt; Banning 700,000 Arab Israelis from returning to their homes and properties after the war was over based on their ethnicity was ethnic cleansing. Denying this is insanity. It wasn't in line with perfect ethics, but the insanity would have been to allow them to return. You can't honestly say that the fledgling nation could have allowed hundreds of thousands of (justifiably) angry Arabs to refill the area between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. It simply wouldn't have worked. Israel could have but didn't expel the Arabs and other minority groups that remained in the area. This shows that decisions were made with at least some ethical considerations. In 1948, a time when the French were kicking around the Algerians and the Vietnamese and Stalin was moving ethnic groups around willy-nilly, Israel could have pushed out the minorities. After all, the Arab states were kicking out the Jews and nobody was complaining at the UN. But there wasn't a genocidal urge in the hearts of Israelis, just a practicality born out of a precarious situation.
God bless America, and *everybody* else.
There is also unexpected benefits. For example, the completely regular numbers system of Esperanto is the same as the system for Chinese, more or less. Additionally, the concept of having a single, regular change for all tenses is also part of Chinese. Simply learning about accusatives and all those other fun terms is enough to make Esperanto useful for learning basically any language, from Japanese to Klingon.
&gt; the Ukraine Just a tiny nitpick, Ukraine no longer is referred to with the definite article.
He is a frothy mix of lube and fecal matter.
&gt; ...if they are true to Islam’s teachings. Assuming that you are interpreting a complex, sometimes contradictory religion correctly, few people are perfect followers of their religion.
When I pick a girl up, I always tell her "I want to be in you". The fathers love it!
John Carter, the finest swordsman on two worlds.
Do you really think someone would do that, just go on the internet and tell lies?
Not a Simpsons fan, eh?
Sure it does. A university shouldn't be constricted by the government. Iranian colleges are very much constrained by religion and politics. They can't be called true centers of learning, but rather extensions of the government's control over people's thoughts.
But the government does keep Bahai out of universities and government employment, right?
The nation didn't collapse in the early 80's when all the colleges were closed and Islamized. And free of cost is not the same as free from the oversight of the government. Surely you aren't gonna tell me there isn't both religious and political screening before entering as well as indoctrination included in the curriculum. It is one of the reasons Iran has the worst brain drain in the world.
From the numbers gang's internal justice system... &gt; At this stage of proceedings, once the accused has been sentenced to death by a majority vote, the "Goliat-one" (man of light) attempts to save the accused's life. He strips off all his own clothes and then runs around naked round the edge of the Twelve Points. While doing so, he lets out a scream in the most haunting voice he can, pleading for mercy.
That's what a weapons manufacturer would say.
That's a rather poetic post, thanks. Have you heard about Freakanomics' take on the abortion issue. They claim that women are good at deciding when and if to have an abortion. If the women is too young or poor or unready for whatever reason to have that baby, she'll know. Abortion can prevent a tragic issue in her life that will be healthy for neither her future, or the baby's. The authors argue that there was a drop in crime 18 or so years after Roe v. Wade. Before legality, rich women could obtain abortions from illegal but generally safe means. Poor women could not. With abortions becoming more available, a whole generation of children that would have been born into poverty and other rough circumstances were aborted instead. It is simply a fact that those born to teen mothers or other troubled homes will be more likely to become criminals (no offense, I wasn't born with a silver spoon and I know most people from the lower rungs are good people. But we are talking statistics here). So when we see abortion as the choice of a mother, we see mothers making good choices. I understand that there are other issues related to morality and whatnot, but I don't think government should regulate morality.
&gt; What if the king's daughter hates her betrothed? Spaceballs?
In my mind, abortion is like heroin. I'd prefer not to have any daughter of mine using it. But, I know that it will exist in society. I'd rather that our body politic has a way to mitigate both the risks to the individual and the risks to the greater whole.
This was the plan all along. Humvees suck. They are a logistics nightmare, only use diesel, are slow (top out at 50 MPH), can't be repaired by ordinary car mechanics, and break down all the fucking time. It is standard procedure for a humvee to have a drip pan. They literally all have a rubber pan to put under the engine because they leak oil so much.
&gt; He already conceded to democratic elections... Those elections were a sham. Too little too late, to try to quell the growing protests. He won't step down as arbiter of both government and military.
I have never read such armchair general nonsense in all my life. &gt; Iran has a huge army...Russia has a small army. Maybe Lichtenstein can solve the conflict with their massive naval infantry.
&gt; ...the Duggar boy's obvious wrongdoing **over a decade ago.** &gt; I’m not an apologist for any sexual predator, **but I’m sickened that the media...** It is tit-for-tat. I'm not an apologist, but let me go on obfuscating the issue. They are covering for their girl, so Imma cover for my boy. It isn't a political issue, at least it shouldn't be. It is a moral and criminal issue.
&gt; So your argument is send in US troops because they are the only ones good enough and that insurgencies are impossible to defeat so give up? I never suggested sending in US troops. I specifically spoke against it. US troops failed to counter insurgencies in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Vietnam. That is *exactly why* I said US troops should *not* go in. It is also why I don't believe Russian or Iran troops can solve the problem. You didn't address my argument that Russia hasn't defeated the Chechnya insurgency and Iran hasn't defeated the Balochi insurgency. How can you expect any of the three to solve the problem in Syria? &gt; Russia and Iran are the least likely to abuse the situation. Both have been sending troops and other support to Assad, because they support the Assad regime. It isn't for moral reasons, it is for their own selfish reasons (Russia for the Med port, Iran for Shia religious reasons). Both will continue to subdue the popular uprising against Assad. &gt; A large quantity of manpower can completely blockade towns or small cities. More armchair general bullshit. The American military mustered amazing amounts of ground and air forces against the insurgency in Iraq and made little progress. What makes you think that the qualitatively inferior Iranian and Russian forces can contain a larger and more determined insurgency?
American students [have been censored](http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2014/11/08/high-school-students-punished-for-not-saying-under-god-when-leading-pledge-of-allegiance-over-loudspeakers/) for not reciting the godly Pledge of Allegiance. That isn't good, but it doesn't make the whole country a theocracy.
&gt; These people have no outside help and no defensive weapons Nonsense. Palestinians get a huge amount of outside aid, as well as under the table weapons. If they were actually a nation, then they would be developing themselves as such. Instead, opposition to Zionism is the only thing that defines their identity as Palestinians.
Hadiths are rated in terms of their reliability, and the ratings vary by school of thought. There is even a Koran-only movement slowly growing.
People in areas with high HIV rates should be educated about sex acts that carry a reduced risk of infection, like handjobs or eating da poo poo.
I used yours! Because you aren't contributing to the conversation! Surprise, cockface!
Can I still say "motherfucker"?
People from D.C. also call it D.C.
Obama criticized Bush's invasion of Iraq, but Obama Obombed Libya without the slightest hint of an endgame in mind.
And humor. This is the kind of teacher that really knows how to teach. If I took this guy's class, I'd make sure to ace that first pop quiz so I could pick his brain at dinner.
It is amazing how frankly he is able to answer questions. It is almost like he has convictions or something.
Can someone explain to me all the literary allusions in that post, like the use of the word "retard"?
I would imagine that, as in a normal party, people generally stick to people in their own league, or slightly above if they are feeling lucky.
This moron lent five dollars to a garbage can.
Booker T Washington was an interesting guy. He argued that black people had to uplift themselves economically. To him, the limited social and political rights were only a manifestation of the lack of economic power. He encouraged blacks to keep their heads down in school and the workforce. Today, blacks still suffer from social and political prejudice. Despite a black president and other high-profile figures of color, black communities are still often poorer. Is Washington still right?
Are those pickles uncooked?
He's fighting a culture war for your soul.
When a hammer is your only tool...
She had a good spot in line back in '08. But now is past her turn, and she won't win. The GOP have Mitt Romney as their perennial loser. There is more than a year to go, I think we will see some fresh faces on both sides, hopefully with fresh ideas behind those talking faces.
You have to just go with the crowd, its like with professional wrestling.
&gt; The whole point of councilism is to promote participatory democracy, direct intervention and elimination of bureaucracy. The idealism is strong with you. &gt; Yeah, no, I'm using the actual definition of socialism, the one it's always had and always will have... The meaning of words change. Anyway, you aren't using the "actual" definition, you are using the one that your particular flavor of Red likes to use. Mainstream society uses socialism to mean central control, be it a government or a unicorn-finding collective. &gt; they use "liberal" as an insult because they think it means "left-wing". Why? Because they're morons like you. See? There you go redefining words against the mainstream definition. You also throw around so many insults. You must have a lot of insecurity. &gt; Thatcher's model had a ton of nationalized industry, so was she a socialist? No, she wasn't a socialist. She blended socialism with free market economics, just like every successful government ever. &gt; Rojava is not an agricultural society. Besides oil, the main export is agricultural products. There is little industry to speak of. It is an agricultural society. Sheepherders abound. &gt; The extreme left and the extreme right have nothing in common. The theory is not that they are identical, rather that they have more in common with each other than with the center. That is true. For example, central control of the economy. &gt; Fascism has an actual definition and distinctive features. It really doesn't. Mussolini, Hitler, Stalin, North Korea... There are many examples cited, but it is a hard definition to pin down. Oh wait, I forgot you know everything. &gt; Shattering an edgy 15-year-old's political musings We've already established that you're just a kid in school with Che on your dorm wall. I'm not a wise old man, yet. But I've seen and done and read and discussed more than you have in the half-decade since you were 15.
Don't you see how they bicker like an old married couple?
Have you tried having a brief conversation with your boss?
Obama was saying in an interview (with Jerry Seinfeld of all people) that world leaders get a bit crazy sometimes, usually for the longer they are in. Merkel has been in for a long time.
All reasonably believable, until the ending. That was when I knew. A homeless man doesn't write a voucher for his life on a napkin unless he means it, it's the Hobo Code. A coffee and bagel (much healthier than the donut that *would have* been purchased) saved this man's life, and we all best remember what buying breakfast for others in line can do (even after they "didn't really want to talk"). I just bought some pizza slices for some hungover derelicts. Why? Because #ICare
But microbes can form multi-cellular organisms. And those organisms can form larger, cloud-like masses that feed on smaller microbes caught in the breezes like Terrestrial whales feed on plankton. Life in the clouds, man. Like Bespin's Cloud City, except this time there will be no Dark Side. Just happiness and warm updrafts for humans in gondolas to float along with our Venetian Cloud Friends. This is the dawning of the Age of Aquarius.
&gt; I don't want to see another death star in either Episode VIII or Episode IX. Yeah, the Star Killer wasn't doing it for me. Star Destroyer, Death Star... how about a Star Killer next? Hopefully we will see a tension builder that isn't just a giant superweapon.
The IDF isn't perfect, but at least the goal is killing militants.
That is more worrisome, not less.
A magician never reveals their secrets.
They haven't "taken" any refugees, the refugees have crossed the border. They are supported by Western aid. Jordan has no desire to give citizenship or care for the refugees in any way other than to let them squat while the UN fronts the bill.
&gt; They're still better than Saudi Arabia I'm no Saudi cheerleader. The country is under the control of an extended family. Iran is under the control of a religious hierarchy. Same difference. Similar laws, including capital punishment, restricted speech, press, worship. &gt; the Constitution allows an court to vet candidates for loyalty to the Consttution... They are vetted for more than just "loyalty to the constitution". There are few candidates available, and even "moderates" like the current Rouhani are decidedly pro-establishment. We can both criticize the very flawed US system. That isn't what we are here to discuss. I don't have to be a perfect architect to criticize your foundation. &gt; and the Iranian people themselves seem fine with it since they regularly turn out to vote at over 60% rates It is the only game in town. And they aren't "fine with it". If the media and public gathering wasn't so controlled, you'd hear more about it. I'm not trying to demonize it, but there is no moral superiority displayed by Iran in the region.
Except Iran really *is* involved in the internal affairs of Syria, Lebanon, Yemen, and Bahrain, as well as Iraq. They've sent trainers, commandos, funds, and arms to all those places to support their aims, usually Shia groups. Bahrain is certainly a dictatorship, and the Shia majority is repressed by the ruling Sunni elite. This isn't a judgement call, but Iran definitely *is* supporting discord in Bahrain and trying to help the Shia majority oust the current government.
In 1949, why were there no Jews in the Old City of Jerusalem? In what the Egyptian army called Gaza? In what the Jordanian army called the West Bank? Because they were pushed out. All of them. Compare that to hundreds of thousands of Arab Palestinians in Israeli-controlled Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, the north, the south. The point is that Israel stood in 1949 as an embattled group of Jews with a minority of Arabs, Druze, Bedouin, and others. The Jordanian West Bank and the Egyptian Gaza were both Jew-free. This includes not just settlements and recent arrivals, but the old, Arab-speaking Jewish communities in the Old City of Jerusalem, Hebron, Gaza and elsewhere. Israel is not without its sins in the war of '48 and up to the present day. But when we are talking about solutions, we need to see what has been working for people. Two million Arab Israeli citizens live with a quality of life unmatched in the Arab world. That seems to me like a system worth supporting.
Not to be a dick, but ISIS *does* follow your religion.
I'm not advocating dehumanizing a neo-Nazi, anti-vaxxer, or other person holding irrational thoughts. But wouldn't it make you think that person must have run into some bad systems of thought?
&gt; you have to read and look for God to be able to understand. Thanks for the great response. But doesn't this above part show how it is fundamentally impossible for flawed beings like humans to understand the true intention of a divine being's writings?
I recently watched some dancers who were possessed by the spirits of the forest. They danced in a trance, while other villagers drummed and pattered, watching what they believed to be a true occasion of magic in this world. Were these animists possessed by the Holy Spirit, by Satan, or pretending? What about Charismatic Christians and snake-handlers? Those guys in the Philippians who carry crosses, or those guys in India who have hundreds of hooks in them. Faith-healers and book-peddlers on back to Apostle Paul. Many have claimed to Know their Faith is True, because of a feeling they get inside while going through certain religious practices. I hope this doesn't offend you, because you seem like a nice person. I have no way of knowing if your experiences with the supernatural are genuine. But neither do you.
&gt; The accounts of Tacitus and Josephus were quite within the lifetime of people who could refute those accounts. I don't want to rehash this whole thing, but suffice to say these sources are questionable at best. We don't have original copies, so we don't know if it was Christian scholars adding in their props to their homie after the fact. The Bible itself goes back to one Greek and three Latin copies, neither of which is the language of Jesus or any of the Patriarchs. &gt; prophecies saying the Christ would come from David's line. If I'm not mistaken, the Bible records two separate ones. That is ignoring the fact that Joseph isn't Jesus's father. The story of Jesus is powerful, but we can never get away from the fact that the four Gospels *don't* agree. There isn't strong evidence of Jesus's life from secular sources. As you quoted earlier, there were guys like Simon the Sorcerer doing amazing things, or at least people said he did. People love having magic in their world.
I just assumed they vibrated because of that *phooom* sound they make.
*I* preferred the book.
Yeah, but it could be chocolate.
I'm just a Working Class Hero.
Sanders? I don't know his specifics, but I doubt he is interested in raising taxes on the poor or even the middle class. Even modest tax increases on the middle class will be repaid with increased government services. Healthcare and free higher education will both be huge boons for working families.
Why not? They have been regional allies for decades. They are part of a fulcrum against regional rivals. Again, detente with Iran is good. But not at the expense of longstanding allies and relationships. Iran is still playing the inter-Islamic conflict card, and that endangers America's relationships with the Sunni populations that dominate the Middle East and important powers like Egypt, Jordan, Saudi and the whole Gulf.
&gt; FYI only 10% of Iran's GDP is from oil. I don't know where you get that figure. The majority of Iran's exports is oil and gas. Without it, the economy would collapse. Oil sales is the thing driving the improvements in living standards that you've mentioned, although the rural majority has been left behind. &gt; Jewish only parking lots You linked to one parking lot, in the heavily divided and contested Old City of Jerusalem. That ancient city has special religious laws due to the close presence of Muslims, Christians, Jews, and their holy sites. Are you gonna say England isn't a democracy because the House of Lords reserves seats for Church of England bishops? That sounds worse than one parking lot in an old Synagogue neighborhood. &gt; participation I the political process due to their ethnicity Arabs participate in the political process fully, including as elected officials, judges, and generals. Palestinians in the West Bank or Gaza are not citizens of Israel and are represented by the PA and Hamas.
What is your point? Iran's government doesn't show anything to be admired.
&gt; One wonders if you realize that most of the best universities in the world were started by religious people. Oh, sure. But LU isn't one of them. I wasn't speaking against Christian values, but rather the specific, fundamentalist interpretation advanced by LU. Creationism is one handy example, but what about the theology school? Are the historians and Biblical scholars there ready to challenge *every* assumption? Or are they merely gathering evidence to support foregone conclusions? People in this land of liberty are free to set up schools of higher learning for a variety of reasons. I'm not saying every LU graduate is a dum-dum. I'm saying they'd be more broadly informed if they went somewhere else.
Except in Christchurch, where they don't *skin* the kangaroos...
Letters to the Editor and polite party chatter are two different things.
I'm against Biden for the same reason I'm against Hillary. It would be a continuation of business as usual. I'll admit that Obama has been doing generally good, mostly. I wouldn't be too concerned about four more years of Obama (constitutional limits not withstanding), nor with Biden or Hill-dog. But I see a chance for real change with Sanders. Some of my misguided fellow Americans see a chance for change with Trump. But Biden?
Never seen Seinfeld? Who *are* these people?
&gt; Add to that Solo's line: "All right. I understand. Fine. When she comes back, I won't get in the way." It's possibly the worst line of dialogue in any movie, ever. It completely neuters the cocky, confident character that Star Wars and Empire worked so hard to create. I see where you are coming from, but I think this was a great line. Han Solo goes on a quest no less than Luke's. At the Mos Eisley Cantina, Han is just a scruffy smuggler. But just as sure as Luke goes from farmboy to Jedi, Han goes from bandit to buccaneer. Han thinks he has a real chance with Leia, and she doesn't give him *too* much reason to think otherwise. But when his friend (yes, Luke and Han become real friends) seems to be close to Leia, he plays it cool. "All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the way." It recalls the scene in A New Hope when Han says: "Uh, we had a slight weapons malfunction, but uh... everything's perfectly all right now. We're fine. We're all fine here now, thank you. How are you?" Han is fumbling his way around.
Yeah, zoos are cruel prisons for gawkers. Animal preserves are wonderful concoctions. I had a rhino preserve on my toast this morning.
But if it was too late to attack while it was charging, they could have just flew an X-wing into the point of the super laser where the beams align. Then, this technique could have been messaged to the other Rebellions fighting the other Death Stars in the non-American parts of space.
&gt; she's saying that people who do oppose the middle class have smeared her for decades Who are these people who oppose the middle class?
This is a very rare look into Trump's soul. Most of his appearances are so scripted. Even though his actual words are not, Trump postures and prances like a clockwork soldier. But here he got angry. He was called out on the hypocrisy of his stated political views, he tried to grandstand his opponent away, and got himself flustered. We saw the real Trump, a pushy jerk. A vain, self-righteous troll.
[I found one](http://www.bh.org.il/shop/souvenirs-from-israel/product/menachem-begin-figure/), but it doesn't seem to be marketed towards children.
"She opened the door" is just the kind of meaningless praise heaped on Clinton.
That isn't concrete, it is a generality.
Oh, if she says so. It's not like she is a famous liar. Edit: Gimme those downvotes, Hill-dogs, I love it.
He's hot for abominations.
That is nothing. The New York Rangers don't even take a shower until after three periods.
&gt; The reason why we entered into negotiations and made some concessions was to lift sanctions. OK, Sec. Clinton increased existing sanctions. Not really a big win.
There is a chick either way. Your stated preference is to insert a finger into a girl's asshole. I guess that is fun. Neither finger-in-butt scenario really does anything for me sexually, not my finger in a girl's butt nor a girl's finger in my butt. But during this situation, either scenario, there will also be a guy involved. If the girl's finger is in my butt, that means it is my duty to Art to insert my finger into a man's anus. Otherwise, I'll be stuck with my finger up a girl's bum, and a man's finger up my own. Oh, dear. It would be weird if I became aroused from inserting a digit into a lady's down-under, because these feelings would happen while a man's finger was close to my prostate. He might see me get a hard-on and get the wrong idea! Now instead, I could have a lady's graceful finger up my butt, providing neither undue discomfort, nor discomfiting arousal. My mind would be clear to focus on the task at hand: inserting my finger into a man's asshole. So you see, though I will allow you and anyone else to have their own preferred line-up of artists performing the finger-in-the-butt circle, I would try to position myself in front of a lady (with my behind facing her). Now would I rather be sandwiched by ladies? Certainly, but we don't always get the butt we want. But if you try some times, you just might find, you get the butt that what you need.
TL:DR I know a Brazilian guy spending two extra weeks in Brazil.
Iceland has a little place called Joann's Hammocks. The nice thing about that place is Joann gets in the hammocks with you.
I read your links, and I actually just got done with one of Clinton's books. Though I will grant you that SecStates don't always get to have the limelight, especially when the President is as charismatic and dynamic as Obama. But as much as I like Obama's domestic policy, his foreign policy has been mostly negative these last seven years. Clinton deserves some of that blame, and I can find only scant evidence that she deserves any praise.
She doesn't control the military, no. She controlled the State Department. After the war was won (as defined by Ghaddafi dying) there was zero post-game plan. That is when the diplomats come in and win the peace, but Clinton had nothing. No plan before, no action afterwards. The military did their job, Hillary failed to carry the ball into the endzone. She voted for the Iraq War in the Senate. She cheerleaded the attack on Libya, the drone war accelerated (especially the State Department's CIA drones). She is consistently on the wrong side of history and has a record of foreign policy blunders in the Senate and Cabinet.
Yeah, like the strength shown in fucking up Libya, or letting the Saudis kill innocents in Bahrain, Yemen, and their own soil. Wait, too much warmongering? OK, how about doing basically nothing while parts of Ukraine are taken over by Russian forces? It is flexible strength.
&gt; Yeah, because thinking there could be a market for America to invest in is totally the same as a neoconservative crusade The "pivot to Asia" was about the military. America was already deep into Asian trade, and with numerous American military bases in the region. Deepening the military commitment is foolish. &gt; when it would have been the convenient "follower" decision to stay mum on the issue. The West has been moving forward on LGBT rights for decades now. Hillary was late to the party.
&gt; Our allies need to know we stand with them. It's either that, or Manila goes ahead and does something foolish... If Manila thinks the US will support it no matter what, that will enbolden Manila to do something foolish. You are advocating a world where America uses military force to pursue its objectives. I think a good top diplomat would have done better.
Good, I hate when people believe that.
It is funny you say that. The Emancipation Proclamation freed any slaves in rebel territories seized by the Union Army (they were also seizing property at that time). Slaves in places that had it but didn't leave the Union kept slavery until later legislation. Lincoln's act could be called illegal, and many smart legal scholars have. But all the smart historians of course agree that it doesn't matter. Lincoln even had elected officials arrested to prevent them voting on state succession. That was *certainly* illegal and a travesty to democracy, but again history absolves Lincoln. As it will with the Supreme Court. I might be wrong, but I think the judges were stretching the Constitution. The effect of the ruling is what is important, though. If Justin Bieber was banned from the US for life by order of the Wu Tang Clan, I'd say "oh no. civil liberties and freedom of movement and stuff" in a tiny voice and then move on with my life.
*That* is why you said "oh, I know way more than you"? Geez, a summer internship ain't enough to act like you are an old embassy hand. Do yourself a favor: Before you finish college, humble yourself.
&gt; The French resistance of WWII would be labelled as terrorists in todays parlance. If I'm not mistaken, the French resistance was fighting the occupying army. As long as they weren't killing civilians, few would call them terrorists.
Well, too bad the Arab states disagree. They are holding a few million Arab refugees as stateless hostages, doomed to languish in Western-funded camps until the day they can flood Israel, punishing Jewish civilians for winning a war that they didn't start over 40 years ago.
Irgun was never popular. After the establishment of the state and the government's forced disbanding of the Irgun, Begin got involved in politics. He was a fringe politician for decades. &gt; the founder of Likud Likud was founded as a consolidation of opposition parties. Begin's party was but one. He remained a small part of a small party after the founding of Likud, which happened decades after Irgun had been disbanded. &gt; Sharon (Sabra) Sabra was conducted by Lebanese Christians against Lebanese Muslims. Blaming Jews for Arabs killing Arabs is a broken record.
A few hundred religious extremists? Yes, Israeli media reported on how shameful that was. Meanwhile, Palestinian media has Mickey Mouse lookalikes telling kids to kill Jews.
Says the guy who just selectively edited an article to make it seem like Israelis orchestrated an inter-Lebanese conflict.
I read somewhere that on the Quebec French dub of The Simpsons, Principal Skinner and Mayor Quimby speak Parisian French, while everyone else speaks Quebec colloquial. We?
But don't say that in China.
Im a doorknob and this stereotyping is making me uncomfortable.
Yes, I'm crying right now. What was it that you contributed to the conversation?
I don't know where you are getting your information, but please note there is a lot of bias shit out there. &gt; Britain was supporting them. Britain was playing both sides. The Balfour Declaration was just an empty promise, especially since similar promises were made to various Arab parties. &gt; Britain provided money and weapons to Jewish groups False. The only money and weapons Britain gave to Jews is the ones who volunteered to serve the Allies during the World Wars. &gt; continued to brutally suppress Palestinian revolts - so much so that Palestinian forces were decimated by the time war came around. Classic apologetics. The British Mandatory police had their hands full with both the Jews and Arabs. The underground Jewish militias were actively hunted by the Brits, with many Jews imprisoned and some even hung. What "Palestinian forces" are you even talking about? Palestinian nationalism didn't exist at that time. Perhaps the Arabs of the Mandate were less organized because they expected the Arab armies of their neighbors to do all the work. &gt; the absolute mountain of supporting Britain gave Again, nonsense. Did you know that the Brits limited Jewish immigration into the Mandate in the inter-war years. Millions could have been saved from the Holocaust, but Britain bent to Arab pressure to limit Jewish refugees and immigrants. &gt; Britain was all about disenfranchising one group of people Again, Britain has always been about playing all sides. Israel wasn't created by outside forces. You are making excuses, it is pathetic.
It is like a crustacean's shell. The creature created the home, but it is only a non-living exterior manipulated by the beast. Like when a model sashays her hair.
Why did Israel give away the Sinai peninsula in exchange for a peace treaty with Egypt?
They tried that. It's called the Oslo Accords. You can't expect Israel to make peace on its own, with no partner. When Israel has put down its arms, it has been attacked.
It's not deep dish if you use zebra meat.
But the cats lick each other. They bond by licking. The question I have is: Will the cats lick you back? If they really think you are a cat licking them, they will lick you back. Does this product guarentee that my cat will lick me? I'll certainly be letting Yelp know about my thoughts concerning this cat licking experience.
Mine is giving me a thumbs up. He's saying "good job, buddy. Everything is great."
It's so great when he submits his film to the ratings people. His film that is full of "screw the ratings people". I wish I was in the room when they first reviewed it.
Do you think she is a robot or a lizard?
Hillary is trying to appeal to smart people. Trump is trying to appeal to dumb people. Which sounds like a better bet?
&gt; [We came, we saw, he died. Ha ha ha](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgcd1ghag5Y) -Secretary Clinton Hillary is a hawk. There is no other way to say it. The closest thing I can say to a defense is: She wants to look strong. She wants to look strong, willing to bomb foreigners. That actually just makes her look weak, like Donald "bomb the shit out of 'em" Trump. Not surprising that they are friends.
&gt; And I apologize for not having a favorite, as they all gel into another...They are so fun, these stories. But, I ramble. Have a super day. Thanks a lot for doing this, you've been great. While I know your emphasis is on your own native language, I'd like to say that your simple, direct way of speaking English is like music to me. The kind of music that makes you happy. Miigwetch
2 bzy 4 dat.
Of course I 'ate your dog! I also 'ate the mess 'e left on the floor.
Reagan was meeting with some working poor folks. He asked at one point "have you thought about moving?" Out of touch. Like when [Hillary Clinton](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyj5qEy11SU) rode the subway.
Trump is doing a brilliant job of acting like a Joe Six-Pack. Palin doesn't need to pretend.
Enjoy Terry Crews, now. Reddit will hate him once they find out he is an anti-porn campaigner.
Get out of here with that click-bait. And the screaming was obviously edited in.
Hillary is also very affordable. Just a few hundred thousand can save you millions! Really, it'd be stupid *not* to bribe Hillary.
It wasn't Streisand. If Streisand pissed off Hillary, then Hillary would have name-called her in the press just like she did with all those other women.
Seriously. There is a whole *galaxy* out there. Who misses Alderaan?
But my point was that the makers of Mario "knew it would be a hit" until it flopped.
I'd go so far as to call Ender's Game a young adult book. It's about a young kid who is a success in an adult world.
Two in South Korea, though there is political pressure to shorten it and increase exemptions. Better than the North, I think it is ten.
What did she think of your essay? Was it persuasive? I like to use a smart-looking font to make my essays more persuasive.
You gotta get your ammo at Wal-Mart.
I was gonna bake some, but instead I just put flour, butter, and garlic cloves in my mouth. Real garlic bread is better.
Are you...are you coming on to me?
I visit some of the leftist subs, and even the full on commies (some of whom excuse Stalin or Mao) won't touch DPRK. You might get something like "imperialism pushed them to extremism" but almost no one, even the reddest worker, will say that it is a nice place or a good system.
&gt; The only history I see people kinda forced to learn that is potentially biased, is the stuff you learn in elementary/high school as it is filtered through the policies of your education ministry. First off, that is the majority of formal history most of the population will ever learn. Second, don't underestimate how biased universities can be.
Your link is to the work of Milton Mills, a non-scientist who wrote articles in support of a vegetarian lifestyle. &gt; but generally the consensus I see is The consensus you see where? Your link is from a pro-vegetarian blog, showing an image from a vegetarian products company (green tidings. Warning: Holistic medicine) that cites a pseudo-science article by a pro-vegetarian activist that no peer-reviewed journal would publish. So I'm sticking by what I said. Humans have the shorter intestinal tract commonly seen in omnivores and carnivores.
This person is obviously struggling with their self-esteem. If they want to embrace their fat body, they can. Instead they focus on "society."
[Hillary joking about a man who got a bowie knife shoved up his rectum, and an entire country thrown into chaos.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgcd1ghag5Y) Anyway, your new opinion piece is nice, but the consensus is clearly that Hillary and co. fucked up big time. It was a disaster. So Gaddafi said he was gonna kill people, let the Libyans sort out their own civil war. China regularly puts out statements that they are gonna massacre everyone on Taiwan. People are slaughtered by cops and soldiers in Tibet, Uyghuria, Mongolian China, and elsewhere. All over the world, why Libya? Why Hillary? Why were you so obsessed with having your tenure as SecState so marked with violence? A three-fold increase in drone strikes. A huge uptick in the use of not-quite-legal private military companies (mercenaries). Support for multiple military coups. We all know Hillary has been running for president for the last thirty years, maybe she wanted everyone to see how big her cock is with all that military intervention. Nothing says "my balls are huge and my brain is tiny" like senseless violence.
She clearly has a record of warmongering. It isn't even debatable. She loves war. She loves the war industry. Amazingly, she called America's army "dogs". Thanks Hill, this puppy sure enjoyed cleaning up your messes.
I love Carrie Fisher. She's written some neat articles, smart lady. I'll never forgive her for stubbing Chewie, though.
&gt; Good on Sanders for protesting segregation. Very brave! Are you fucking serious? Yes, it was very brave for a short Jew to stand up for black Americans. He spent a lot of his time and energy, even got arrested by the cops. Risked getting beat up by readnecks. Sure, nowadays nobody supports segregation. But at the time, Sander's voice was very radical. Being on the right side of history is his thing. Hillary never protested, never publicly demonstrated. Your own link states that. &gt; Isn't he too old for that to have been the case? Bernie is just a few years older than Hillary. She looks younger because she spends tens of thousands of a dollars a year on her hair. Reminds me of Donald Trump. Bernie looks in the mirror to make sure his hair isn't too crazy before leaving the house. Anyway, Sanders was drafted and he told them "I don't believe in this war, I won't fight it." Most people who tried that were rejected. The boards were very specific about honesty. They felt Bernie was honest. &gt; Clinton actively protested Vietnam in college No, she didn't. Your article says she was against it, but she didn't do anything about it. Sounds more like she said she was against it years after thousands died. You know, like Iraq. &gt; Hillary actually met Dr. King. Lie. Your article doesn't say that, and there is no evidence that she met him. Furthermore, there is no evidence that she gave a shit about civil rights. As an ambitious budding politician, she avoided controversy. &gt; That doesn't make much sense. Your sentence links to two different parts of Hillary's own website. Could you be any more of a shill?
Bernie Sanders is tirelessly campaigning, while Hillary and the FBI has a lot of explainin' (Hillary has been avoiding the press for months).
Yeah, calling yourself "Abu whatever-name" is like saying "I am an adult, I have a child." But in reality, most of the people in this video joined ISIS because nobody would sleep with them back home.
Because you don't actually know anything about Hillary's pro-corporate, pro-war agenda. You dismiss anything negative about her. Great. Congratulations.
Are you serious? I never cited breitbart or any other right-wing media. Remember, I'm pro-Bernie. *You* cited left-wing media. But I guess you call that fair game. Anything Hillary does to win is fair game. Like [blatantly lying and calling anyone who opposes her an enemy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC4Pvm6Oj4A). Notice the sudden face change. I honestly think she is a space lizard, humans have more emotion.
Hillary would never do anything illegal. Well, she has already lied about her misuse of State Department materials, and clearly violated the law. But she wouldn't lie about anything else.
&gt; Hillary is absolutely for the extremely high status quo of 40%. We have the highest corporate tax in the developed world. No, we have a very low corporate tax. Hillary is part of the reason that there are so many loopholes that allow corporations and rich individuals to pay close to zero. Hillary (being a rich person herself, has been her whole life) supports tax cuts to the rich, and outright payments to the banking and war industries. &gt; The rich push the tax onto employees and consumers. This is literally the definition of Reaganomics. Thanks for proving that you are right-wing and pro-corporate, just like Hillary. &gt; Both Hillary and Sanders have the same view on corporate taxes False. Again, you are trying to mitigate Hillary's horrible qualities by saying "her opponent is also &lt;blank&gt;" Sanders has never taken corporate money, Hillary is swimming in it. Hillary is propped up by corporate money. It is obvious, she was a Wal-Mart executive, for fucks sake. Who is more "fuck American workers" than Wal-Mart? &gt; Consistently voted for regulations Lies. Hillary was one of the main backers of "bail-out" as in give the banks the common man's money. She is pro-profit. Her short Congressional career shows that, though her words are inconsistent. &gt;Hillary's fracking proposals would be better for the environment than Sanders. Sanders wants to ban all fracking on our beautiful continent. Hillary wants to expand it, which I'm sure had nothing to do with being showered with petroleum cash. &gt; campaign finance restrictions. Hillary should be covered in corporate logos, like a NASCAR car. Let people know who is paying for her opinions.
**STOP TALKING ABOUT HILLARY'S ILLEGAL ACTIONS! SHE WILL BE PRESIDENT, EVERYONE WHO DISAGREES IS A VAGINA-HATER**
She missed a lot of votes to avoid controversy. That Iraq vote really burned her. So did her support of bailouts. Supporting predatory credit agencies. Supporting off-shore tax havens. Really nasty person.
Slate, Huffpo, Vox. Why do you think you are an academic? You are a gossip-monger.
&gt; I have not made one incorrect statement this entire time. Not one. What was that about ego?
Why didn't you chop his log with your pee? It would have saved a flush.
Chickens also have amazingly big testicles. They are tasty, too. A bit like liver. Next time you are at the butcher, ask for some chicken testicles.
I don't know. What's the point of Revelations? Bunch of metaphorical nonsense.
Right, he just did it the one time. It was just once. Just like he wasn't lying when he said "I did not. Have. Sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky." Because it was a BJ. BJs aren't sex, apparently. I actually respect Hillary for not having sex with Bill. She probably doesn't want to catch anything.
For what? You won't care, you will still vote Vagina in 2016.
No, Gandhi wanted Indians to have the same rights as British whites. The fact that he didn't care about Africans is proof he wasn't perfect. But George Washington owned slaves. Hillary lives in the current day. She is desperately trying to keep up with the kids. But she is failing. Like when she tweeted about "listen to survivors" but was called out on a lifetime of attacking the women that have accused her husband of sexual violence.
That is literally what you just did. Hillary is a warmonger. Dispute that claim.
You really love mobs, don't you? Johnson will let the states do as they may, this country needs a weaker federal government. Hillary is an authoritarian and will swing her big cock in everyone's faces.
That makes sense because Jesus was a Buddhist.
Kazakhstan is a huge country with a really interesting situation. I'd love to be able to travel through the country conversing with the locals. If you don't mind, can I ask why you study it?
What about that casino? How did he fail to take money from suckers on that one?
&gt; Trump is a good deal maker but a so-so operators of businesses Sounds like he won't make a good President. Thanks for this AMA.
Only two kinds of people come from the Underdark: Drows and cows. You don't have horns.
Cows often have their horns removed to protect the farmers, but they do have horns naturally. Drow, I think they only have horns if they are aberrant.
[Patrick Stewart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xi_27bpIb30) is an excellent human being.
I reject the notion that Hillary is liberal or better than Trump. Hillary is a warmonger in bed with the arms industry. She is pro-fracking and in bed with the petroleum industry. She is pro-Wall Street and proud of it. She has a record of bigotry and race-baiting. Hillary is an authoritarian corporate agent. Trump is an unknown, we don't know what he really believes. We don't know what Hillary really believes, either. But she *does* have a clear record of supporting war, big money, and politics-as-usual.
I'm bigoted against ghosts.
I saw The Jungle Book recently. It had its moments, but the whole thing just felt unnecessary. They even reused the old songs. Be original, people! Except Star Wars. You can keep making Star Wars.
Evil Ginger: This battlestation can destroy the whole galaxy! Assistant: Why would we need that, sir? Evil Ginger: Guards, seize that man!
Thank you, that's kind of you to say.
&gt; just part of the status quo Hillary 2016: Just Part of the Status Quo
If you are a one-pot fan, [this guy is pretty fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9P8UVyueKOo).
Robots love Hillary, she is one of them.
&gt; the best of us all Thanks, but that takes it pretty far. Scientists, engineers, honest politicians...they are our best. Soldiers are just trying to make a living doing a dirty job.
&gt; Children already at risk in Palestine, South Sudan, Syria, Yemen So Saudia Arabia is just funding charity in Muslim nations? Is that really in the spirit of the UN? &gt; “It is not in our style, it is not in our genes, it is not in our culture to use threats and intimidation" -Saudi Ambassador to the UN. What? We are talking about a government that is bombing Houthi schools and hospitals to get them to "settle down." A country that throws Shia Muslims in jail for being slightly different in dogma (directly threatening and intimidating them, prisons flush with political prisoners). A country that executes "witches", meaning fortune tellers. Where non-Muslim worship is openly banned. Where slavery is practiced openly and unapologetically. No offense to Arabia or Islam. But the House of Saud is the very worst example of the Middle East. It is barbarous. Even conservative Muslims tend to hate, *hate* the House of Saud. It is a disgrace that the US and other Western nations pretend those foul dictators are kings, and a travesty that the UN would let the House of Saud kill children with impunity. It is time that King Salman get threatened himself. Like "if you don't clean up your human rights records, we ain't gonna buy your oil, anymore."
How can anyone expect Hillary to be consistent? Her donors keep changing and so do polls, so it is tough for Hillary to keep up with what kind of person she should be this week.
For a little while. Mariah is a talented singer, but she isn't an enduring and innovative artist like Eminem. And his song was funny, which was my point.
Theory: Hillary is wearing the sunglasses because they are prescription. She needs them to read. When she gives her teleprompter speeches, she has contacts in, but chillin' on the plane, Hillary rocks script sunglasses. She is terrified of looking old. She spends more money on her hair than Donald Trump.
Andromeda was pretty good, but hit-and-miss. Come to think of it, the original Star Trek didn't last that long, and there were a few stinkers.
You asked the door man what his salary is? I find that unlikely. Did you ask him what the "finders fee" is that prevents him from leaving the country with most of his earnings? Can he quit if he wants to?
How does a Palestinian state need an army to practice self-determination? Many nations don't have militaries, including Iceland, Andorra, Lichtenstein, Hong Kong, Panama and others. They don't lack self-determination. In fact, many of the demilitarized states are leading figures in standard of living and rule of law.
&gt; does the fact that there were attacks before 67 contradict the notion that 67 occupation is a major contributor to palestinian suffering and therefore violent resistance? Read your sentence again. You are saying that Palestinian terrorism is justified as "resistance" against occupation. Well, attacks before 1967, before the occupation, were commonplace. Something else is the problem. I don't know what. I don't speak for either of the maligned parties, but the '67 occupation wasn't the start of the problem. &gt; before 67 there were even more brutal events Yeah, the Arab leadership embarked on a genocidal campaign against Jews. They bragged about it. They broadcasted that all the Jews would be wiped out. The Jordanian army cleansed all the Jews from a piece of land they would name the West Bank. This included the ancient, non-Zionist, Arabic-speaking Jews. Egypt cleansed their army's advance, what we call the Gaza Strip. Then, things got worse for the Jews in the Middle East. Surprisingly, Israel decided to allow all the Arabs and Druze and Circassians and all the other ethnic minorities to live in Israel, as well as welcome the Jews thrown out of Arab lands. But yeah, OK. Israel is the genocidal one, because they wouldn't lie down for the invaders.
Look it up, the Clinton Bribery Scheme has funneled almost nothing to needy folks. It is a way for despots to funnel millions to the Clinton's coffers in exchange for their influence.
There were major and repeated attacks against Israel before '67. But after the start of the occupation, the logic shifted from anti-Israel to anti-occupation. Great marketing.
Obama didn't support the Iraq war, and he specifically called out Hillary on her poor foreign policy decisions. It was deeply disappointing that he made Hillary his SecState, after calling her a foreign policy disaster. As a SecState, she was a foreign policy disaster.
&gt; People contribute to campaigns because they want to see a candidate win. So Saudi Arabian kings, as well as a variety of dictators from some of the worst human rights offenders in the world, all want Hillary to win. Good to know. And obviously the millions given to her associates won't affect her. Right.
Is voting for foreign war liberal or conservative? How about supporting fracking?
A guy bribed his way onto a highly secretive part of the State Department, that should be reserved for experts, rather than campaign contributors. After the media shed light on it, he was forced to resign. Hillary has never admitted wrongdoing for appointing him in the first place.
I have a hard time believing that racism and bigotry offend Romney.
Wouldn't it be nice to have a candidate that is worth voting for, instead of just voting against Trump? Maybe someone who has been on the right side of history, since the days of protesting for black American's civil rights and against the Vietnam war, to supporting the working people of this country and opposing the disastrous wars like Iraq that send the working people's sons to kill and die.
You are pretending that you aren't a part of a racist system.
Bernie Sanders ran one of the greatest campaigns *of all time*.
Hey, let's put some egg on this stale bread. Hey, yeah!
When insulting a bigot, you shouldn't then use your own bigoted language.
Yeah, that was a really low blow. Palestinian leadership shoots themselves in the foot with their denial of Jewish roots in the land. Its like "I'm not made up, *you're* made up."
George Costanza's cousin is a very passionate man.
You schedule them?
He wasn't just unqualified for the board, he wasn't cleared to review all that sensitive information. Hillary is yet again endangering America's secrets.
That is a bad article. Sanders voted the right way for a piece of legislation that prevents frivolous lawsuits, the kind that bog down our legal system. And that is besides the fact that it is what his constituents wanted.
I love how Hillbillys have to say things like "we know Hillay is thoroughly corrupt, but Bernie once did this thing that is slightly suspicious." Like when it is brought up that Hillary has supported foreign wars multiple times, they'll say "Bernie voted for a bill that called for peaceful and democratic change by the Libyan people, so he's as bad as Hillary destroying the country and [laughing about it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgcd1ghag5Y)."
I honestly don't know who to vote for, but Gary Johnson is who I'm leaning towards now. If he spoils for Trump, putting Clinton in office, I won't be too mad. But he has a real chance this year because Donary Clintrump is so hated.
Every major news service does that too.
Good points. &gt; comprised fighters from both Afghanistan and Pakistan And the main reason for that is because the Pashtuns live along that border. &gt; weapons and ammunition that Pakistan continuously received from America. Yes, America really needs to stop giving Pakistan's thoroughly corrupt army a billion and a half every year. It is bad for Pakistan and Afghanistan, bad for US-India relations, bad for everyone but a few corrupt generals and a few arms industry folks. &gt; giant Bamiyan Buddha statue This made me so angry. Japan offered to remove the statues (a huge undertaking) and set them up elsewhere along with much-needed aid money. Instead they blew them up. It is barbarism. &gt; same ambitions as ISIS, Al Shabab, and Boko Haram. I'm going to have to disagree. The Taliban doesn't care much about the outside world, just Af-Pak. Certainly their way of governing was insane and very similar to ISIS (and Saudi Arabia). But they aren't seeking global anything. I don't think they even own many maps.
[Mother Teresa was a horrible person.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/krithika-varagur/mother-teresa-was-no-saint_b_9470988.html)
In my opinion, when comparing War Games with Ferris Bueller's Day Off, War Games is the superior 80's Matthew Broderick vehicle.
&gt; Giving someone hope of a wonderful afterlife She was Baptizing unconscious Hindus. That is just disrespectful, especially for a foreigner like her. I have no respect for those who forcefully convert others. You know who else does that? ISIS. OK, I'm not saying Teresa is ISIS, but she ain't no saint. &gt; positive things religion brings to society... Most great charities, world class artwork, architecture, societal advancements Pfff. Most great charities? The Catholic church spends more on missionary work than charity, which is fundraising not helping people. Unless you are a chauvinist who think his religion is the best and everyone else has gotta have it. Human Rights Watch, Doctors With Borders, OxFam. All secular. Architecture is based on science. People build temples, but I think sanitation, roads, and schools are more impressive. Societal advancement? Come on, society has advanced the less religious it gets. That is what the Renaissance was about. When the masters stopped solely painting religious works and instead painted secular subjects, the craft grew enormously. When religious authors became philosophers, society matured. Today, the least religious places are the safest and most advanced. That is just a fact. Norway and Saudi Arabia, what is the difference?
&gt; ethnic cleansing of Arabs from all of Jerusalem What the hell are you talking about? There have always been Arabs in Jerusalem, East and West. The West Bank and Gaza both had Jewish communities and they were cleansed, completely. Compare that with Israel's limited use of expulsion and we can see a moral difference. &gt; where a mythological king for whom there is very little evidence actually existed You really have no idea how secular modern Israel is, do you? Most of the Arabs who fled in 1948 did so on their own accord. Compare that with the Arab armies trying and largely failing to push out Jews. It is like with Gaza. Hamas are *trying* to kill civilians while Israel was trying to kill militants. Do the numbers mean more than intentions?
Nice talking points. You haven't addressed why the Arabs expelled all the Jews. Is it maybe because they don't actually care about the Palestinian refugees? I think that is obvious in how they are treated. Western-funded UNRWA is taking care of them while the Arab leadership never cared about them to begin with.
No, they are mostly being used to kill Houthis in Yemen, often civilians.
&gt; No one was gonna say no to America. A bunch said no about Iraq, and a smaller but significant number said no to A-stan.
Hillary loves foreign war for the profits of the arms industry. If given the helm, Hillary will lead us into further war, which will in turn lead to more terrorist attacks against Amerians. She just said so. She said she will increase bombing and then says she will stop lone wolf attacks. How does she not see the link!?! Terrorists attack America because of American foreign policy. Hillary still has learned nothing from all the war she has mongered, or maybe she just doesn't care. Hillary: War Abroad, Terror at Home
Although I support the right of 17 year olds to express themselves freely on the internet about politics and religion, I have to say that Amos is being unnecessary obnoxious about it. Like with the picture of Lee Kuan Yew fucking Margaret Thatcher in the ass. It's too much Amos, its too much.
And then when someone picks a cherry you *don't* like, say "that's out of context."
I've always been a huge supporter of the BLT community.
"I went to Wall Street and said 'Cut that out!' Then we all laughed and drank champagne. I spilled some on the floor just to see the maid get on her knees." -Hillary Clinton
Thanks, those are kind words. Luckily I had my uncle (a Vietnam vet) to help me with working through the guilt, and my Uncle Sam to pay for my college so I could become a hippie protester working against the War Machine. I have a friend who used to work in the oil industry. He left the paycheck and now researches ways to make plastic more biodegradable. He's a hero to me.
It is a fact that the Sauds and other dictators have funneled money to the Clinton family in various ways. Hey, isn't Saudi Arabia dropping American bombs on civilians, in violation of US law. I guess the high officials just decided to ignore the law, the way Hillary ignored the law in continuing military assistance to Honduras despite the democratic government being overthrown in a violent coup. [HA HA HA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgcd1ghag5Y)
The democratically elected leader of Honduras was supportive of the poor and working people of Honduras. That upset the rich of the island, who pushed the army to overthrow the people's champ. Along with rich Hondurans, the American fruit companies were upset by the president's insistence on raising the minimum wage. Hillary was on the side of the American fruit companies, and against democracy. That is called a banana republic. Hillary violated the law (which states America can't support military overthrow of democratically elected leaders) because...I don't know. Maybe the fruit companies gave her money? Oh, look. It is a matter of public record that they gave her money. Just coincidence.
&gt; That's not really how it works I was trying to shed light on some Muslim's perspective, in the interest of understanding. Because some *do* believe it works that way. &gt; Only if said society gets their feelings hurt by such things as "freedom of thoughts", which is sad, imo, in these days Yes, I agree. &gt; From what I understand, nothing is to be punished by Earthly authorities in Islam, only God can judge and punish Again, I'm not Muslim, nor a fan of Islam. But the Koran (and Bible) do subscribe Earthly punishments for certain acts. Certainly you don't believe those religions are against police and courts of law? Though the Koran, like the Bible, proscribes death for homosexuality, I was attempting to shed light on the fact that many Muslims don't believe that being gay requires death in all occasions. Only a fringe of Christians think homosexuals should be put to death. The number of Muslims who believe that way may be higher, but I was trying to show that it isn't absolute. Please reread my original comment.
&gt; the whole idea to oust him came from France, so I don't really see why Clinton is blamed for it As pointed out by OP, Hillary was the main proponent in the US for joining the war. The US provided the majority of the logistics and much of the combat forces of the campaign. If France and Italy want to bomb someplace in their neighborhood, then that is one thing. But Hillary and Obama were clearly ready to act as World Police. That is worrisome.
This. Immersion is great, but only if you are also doing your homework. Except for children. I lived in a part of China with a dialect different than Mandarin (which I'd studied beforehand). I was able to improve my Mandarin by speaking with people, but I didn't magically pick up the local dialect that I heard all around me.
The Great Leap Forward was literally a great collapse. "Hey, should we grow rice the way we've been doing it for two thousand years, or this new way that caused famine in Soviet Russia?"
Did you *even*
I bit a dog in the face as a child. All the dogs are really scared of me.
But it would work having Gingrich attacking Hillary with his pandemonious lexicon, while Trump hits 'em with the small words.
A lot of Republicans remember Gingrich as a success in Congress despite a Democratic White House. Bear in mind, this isn't my personal opinion, but there was an image of Newt as a guy that was changing Washington, fighting against (Bill) Clinton. He was able to get the impeachment passed in the House, which the Senate then roundly rejected. Monicagate didn't destroy Bill, it destroyed Newt and his Republican Revolution. But there are still some folks out there that remember Newt as a fighter.
Does that explain the opposition to DWS's Congressional run? She fucked up, and abused her power as DNC chair. She shouldn't be in public office.
She withheld resources from Sanders. He had to sue the DNC to get what should have been offered freely. That is just one thing. There are documents found that prove the DNC was pushing Hillary before the primary even began.
I hope the UK votes to leave, then Scotland leaves the UK and breaks up into principalities. After a bit of bloodshed, the townships and neighborhoods can form worker's collectives that will delegate authority through larger collectives that make up the Greater Scottish Worker's Haven. This will naturally lead to war with Imperialist England and Wales. After funding Welsh separatist guerrilla's, the Scottish Liberation Army will march on Northern England and force the fallen counties to toil in the coal mines as war reparations. Parliament's calls for help from the EU will be smugly rebuffed, and the US just doesn't have any troops to spare, what with the New Crimean War and all. As the blue flag of Scottish Workers descends on Westminster, anarchy reigns in the streets. Looting and bloodshed, followed by a last-minute rescue from the Australian military. King William returns to the thrown, while the Australian troops still struggle with Scottish insurgents. The renamed Workers of Scotland Collective Utopia is awash in debt and overstretched militarily. Bread riots cause the regime to tighten its belt, while refugees flood from the Isles to the Continent. The EU, already struggling with refugees from the Russo-American Proxy Wars, is bogged down with the "Islanders" who can't speak the local language. France declares the widening of the English Channel, with help from Chairman Trump's Army Corporation of Engineers.
&gt; Israel captured the islands in 1956 and 1982, subsequently returning them to Egypt both times. What other nation is so generous to those that invade it?
It is propaganda. The Chinese government has been trying to push the "we saved you" narrative for decades.
&gt; A little cultural island isolated and frozen in time for Westerners like you to gawk at? [Like this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BreEms4m_6U) &gt; How is having to learn the primary language of your country cultural genocide? At the exclusion of your own language? Yes, that is exactly what cultural genocide is. While Beijing ships in ethnic Chinese to be the bosses, soldiers, police, factory owners, I guess it is important to learn the master's language.
You have to follow a source from wikipedia. The one that is sourced for your quote is from a website called "China's Tibet". It features such nuggets of wisdom as "Before the peaceful liberation in 1951..." Yeah, real peaceful. That is why tens of thousands of soldiers are stationed in Tibet even today to hold down revolt. Anyway, if you do some real research, you will learn that Mandarin is forced on the children, Tibetan language, culture and media are suppressed.
Are you denying that "separatist" talk can get you in a prison cell?
I like bacon and eggs without eggs.
Automated Teller Machine Machine
[Here is Janeway and the Doctor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjuptfaTqyo) in a great holodeck scene discussing DNA and dinosaurs and stuff. The episode is called Distant Origin. The episode is on Vimeo, but I would never tell you to watch it. You should buy the DVD and pay your taxes and never shake a baby. Never.
&gt; So they'll have edited this video for content to support a specific narrative. It is honestly always that way with "man on the street" interviews.
I believe John Travolta has sex with men, but if he had sex with *two men, at the same time*? I'd be shocked.
I think he boinked them. And weren't there *some* male messengers? I thought David Misplacedmywife was a messenger.
Oh, maybe. That makes sense. What do you think they were doing in the bushes? Making coconut smoothies?
That is a terrible joke, TerribleJokeBot. Who created you, and more importantly why?
That was good. A solid smirk, 7.5/10. Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
Yeah Poland. Did you forget about Poland?
The way young Vader was portrayed in the so-called historical epics of the recent past are nothing but propaganda. No more cannon than a faulty blaster.
You are blaming the victor. When Hamas has a stated goal of genociding the Jews, it is the restraint of a democracy that prevents the destruction of the aggressor.
k
Maybe the UKIP MEPs can draw salary as long as possible, and donate it all to the NHS. That will show the EU. Those SOBs in have been milking the UK like a Grade A moo cow.
Offer not valid in Alaska, Hawaii, or England. Has a nice ring to it.
You are being too hard on yourself. The vote was close, but the majority spoke. The PM will abide by it. That is some good democracying right there. The EU is less democratic, more like a big mess of angry idiots. Who needs that, when you've got your own mess of angry idiots in Parliament. London's idiots, unlike Brussels idiots, are at least voted in, pretty much. At least more than Brussels. Remember when Nigel Farange said that Belgium isn't really a nation? What an asshole. But that asshole is right, the UK doesn't need the EU, the euro, or that whole stinky-cheese continent.
Mi sxatas drinki biero. La plej bona biero estas Guiness. Guiness, gxi estas bona pur vi.
OMG she is washing the car **with her boobs!**
Lettuce to catch the grease, good idea.
Do you know that Heinlein and Hubbard are Eskimo brothers?
I don't think "European ministers" are in any position to tell Britain what to do.
&gt; Something simple **THAT I DID! I DID A GOOD THING!** Notice that I do nice things for people.
You are the only person on this thread mentioning anti-semitism.
&gt; Yes they betrayed the Palestinian Arabs, de-armed them and trained the zionist militias to keep their boot on the Arabs thoats. The Zionist militias were actively hunted by the British, many were caught and imprisoned. As for the Arabs, there were British officers, serving British officers leading the Jordan Arab Legion. &gt; Well WWI played a big part in fracturing Arab society Ottomans? Your understanding of the historical context is daft.
Imagine, you could save government revenue by not paying the cops. Instead, run it like a mafia. The cops have to pay Duterte for the privilege of finding, killing, and robbing drug dealers and users. There could be other profitable activities on the side, but that is extraneous to the major enterprise of anti-drug profiteering.
I know you are joking, but bringing illicit drugs into legality is a great way to regulate, tax, and keep drugs away from kids. Also, addicts can be treated instead of imprisoned, which should be cheaper in the long run. Sure, the addict started down that path with their own behavior. But helping them become a productive member of society is the better solution then throwing them in jail. At least that's how I'd like to see *my* taxes used in a society.
Yes.
It was close though, wasn't it? Austria is richer than the EU average and they tend not to be keen on immigration. I could definitely see them going the way of Norway or Switzerland (associated but not *in* the EU).
[Paying the families of terrorists](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/11/british-american-aid-subsidises-palestinian-terrorism) pensions and honoring psychopaths as martyrs.
Over on r/Atheism, we usually tell people that if they are still living with their parents, they need to make certain compromises. They don't have to take abuse, but they do need to meet halfway. It gets frustrating being dependent on your folks, but you won't be that way forever, especially if you start planning now. If you aren't familiar with it, there is a great resource for gay teens called [It Gets Better](http://www.itgetsbetter.org/).
I don't think Arabs should recognize the borders of imperialism. Though I'll acknowledge a shared Levantine culture, there is no Syrian, Lebanese, Jordanian, or Palestinian nation. Those are nationalities, but not nations. So what should the Palestinians seek? I don't think they should be doing anything collectively. Has any good come from that?
If I was born in the West Bank? Well, hopefully I'd be born male. I'd probably try to improve the PA and strengthen the Oslo Accords. Israel can't pull out until us West Bankers can have something to replace it. If I was born in Gaza, I'd probably just leave. In any case, I hopefully wouldn't get caught up in any toxic nationalism.
At least he remembered Whales.
There are balls on the Dick's sign.
My country was once concerned about what leaving the Crown would mean for shipping and our status as a free nation on a new continent with an untested form of government. But we did it anyway, because tea taxes or something. The vote happened. Just because someone thinks different than you doesn't mean they are a "peasant".
Still too early to tell, but I'll agree with you that a lot of voters seemed emotion-driven. I didn't follow the Scotland referendum much and have no strong opinions on the matter. But part of me was like "Yeah, Scotland! Braveheart that shit!" I know it's irrational, but there it is. I'd probably have looked into Brexit more carefully if I was actually a subject of Her Majesty and had a vote. But since I live in Blessed Liberty's Embrace, I look at Brussels politics with glee. That Farage makes me laugh. Did you see when he said Belgium isn't really a country? In the EU Parliament! To the Belgian European Commission President! That is funny to me. Anyway, maybe ya'll aren't laughing over there, at least 48%. I genuinely hope things go well in the Greater Europe. I also feel not a desire to see England fail, but a desire to see it take its proper place as one of the premiere nations. Did you know that in WWII, the Queen drove trucks for the army? Amazing. Anyway, England is better than the Continent, everyone knows that.
If I may speak in rough generalities, many German and Scandinavian-speaking countries are in favor of using English, along with some of Eastern Europe. The Romance and Mediterranean countries are less enthusiastic.
Awe, the fine Star Wars tradition of bralessness.
Yeah, I thought that was cool. Plus the Emperor's smile, a smile that said "you're mine now." The smile after a girl lifts her butt up a few inches so you can slide her panties off.
This is some Stan Lee-level life advice.
I think he was talking about making ink out of poo.
Actually, I do too. It is possible to build parks near the natural habitat of wildlife and allow people to view or even interact with them in a mutually-beneficial arrangement. Dolphins will come and "act" for a group in exchange for fish, while still spending the majority of their time at sea. But most countries have zoos and sea parks. While that is still a reality, we can't criticize Japan for selling the young female bottlenose dolphins and eating the rest.
They both have the word Deep as well as a number, showing that they are about a far off space exploration center.
She is a lion, a war hawk. She supported invasions, bombings, and increased arms sales as a Senator and Secretary of State, as well as campaigning on an increase to both the bombing and rebel-arming of the Syrian civil war.
I think The Sopranos is owed a lot of credit for the current Golden Age of Television we are in. Sopranos was cranking out movie-quality and season-wide compelling stories. Could you imagine a Breaking Bad or a The Wire or yes, even a Game of Thrones without Tony?
Can you fire your cannon in the rain?
What about a gasoline fight?
It was Geordi La Forge for me.
But it is right on the beach. How about a youth hostel? The other ones in Tel Aviv suck.
Or a university faculty.
You miss out on a lot of jokes with family TV. "The royal feet are clean, your highness."
But there are still a lot of US troops and other assets in Iraq, not to mention Kuwait, Bahrain, UAE, and even Syria. Obama has also dramatically increased the drone bombing campaigns, most notably in Yemen and other parts of the Middle East. I like Obama, he's been a good national leader. But his foreign policy has been shit.
That's too passive aggressive. Just ignore him.
I used GC as shorthand, the current treaty is the Law Of Armed Conflict. To gain its protections, a combatant has to label themselves as such. The main reason is because of spies. Every country uses them, but you can't allow spies running around the battlefield willy-nilly. Spies can be executed. It's been that way for a long time. Wearing a uniform is how you prove you aren't a spy. When someone, conventional or unconventional, takes up arms, they need a way to separate themselves from civilians. The attacker in question here engaged in combat without a uniform, the LOAC doesn't apply to him. The Israeli soldier was prosecuted under Israeli army rules, not international law. International law allowed for the killing of that individual, or rather it doesn't dictate what to do with illegal combatants. Luckily the Israeli army, like all disciplined forces, has its own rules.
It also wasn't a war crime to kill those participating in the French Resistance (unless they wore something to signify that they were combatants). I know you are trying to make this an emotional issue, but it is straightforward: the laws of war don't protect illegal combatants. Even if you want to do the mental gymnastics necessary to say that West Bank residents are morally justified to stab Israeli soldiers (present in the WB due to the Oslo Treaty), they need to mark themselves as combatants or lose the protections of the laws of war. The soldier deserves to be punished for violating Israel's own laws about dealing with subdued criminals. But there is no case to try him in an international court.
And he is afraid to call an election. Imagine, nice nations like Norway and Canada saying "don't have elections, yet. Just enter your twelfth year of a four year term." Hillary Clinton got into trouble for an old quote about how the Palestinians shouldn't have voted in 2006, because they voted wrong. Hamas was #1, Fatah at #2, Islamic Jihad #3. The pro-peace parties all did abysmally. 2006 is not the defining event of Palestinian politics, but it shocked a lot of outside observers and resulted in a civil war between Hamas and Fatah that is still flaring up today. So Abbas and everyone else knows he's got to go, but it's never the right time. Like deciding when to throw out that old mustard.
Despite four thousand years of continuous Jewish presence?
Only the good die old.
Don't forget Islamic Jihad. They did pretty good in 2006 on a platform of “no peace, kill Jews.”
I don't mean this in a good way, but Trump is scaring the shit out of every foreign leader.
There is actually a forth official language called Romansh that is related to Latin.
Pocket knives, coo-coo clocks, chocolate, cheese, ceremonial guards, the Swiss do everything well.
&gt; They were given land because people felt bad after WWII and had to defend it against consistent attack. By now, the great-grandchildren of veterans of that war of independence are being born. There are also the grandchildren of Jews from places like Baghdad, Cairo, and Yemen that were kicked out of there homes. Not to mention the even older communities of Jews that never left places like Jerusalem and Tiberius. &gt; Zionism is basically Colonialism. Zionism just means Jewish nationalism, the idea Jews should have a country. They've had one for almost 70 years now. So it isn't colonialism anymore. It's just Israel, a country that people live in with their families. They have cities and universities and parks and stuff. &gt; WWII was a long time ago, get over it already. Yeah, they have.
A movie should be able to stand alone on its own merits.
There is a lot of odd info here. You should recheck your sources. For example, there was no UN intervention in 1948. There was a war.
Young men are the most likely to commit suicide. When Palestinian political leaders [praise and reward](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/11/british-american-aid-subsidises-palestinian-terrorism) attacks against Israelis, it gives troubled youth an out. A "glorious" and socially-acceptable death.
Everyone knows acting like a retard is the best way to get away with grabbing pussy.
I don't think beauty pageants should be illegal, but I definitely find them distasteful and don't admire anyone involved in them. I feel the same way about casinos and pornography. It shouldn't be illegal, but if you own a bunch of strip clubs, I don't see you as a real great guy. Trump owned casinos in Jersey and couldn't even do sleaze right.
So Jews don't get a state? Palestinian Arabs can form a state for self-determination, but Jews don't get that same nationhood? It sounds like that is what you are saying, and that is what the Arabs were saying in 1948. They thought they could win by force. And again, Jordan and Egypt and Syria weren't interested in creating some kind of Palestinian nationhood, they were trying to grab land. The king of Transjordan literally annexed the West Bank and East Jerusalem, saying "all you Arabs are Jordanians now." But war has failed to destroy the Jewish state, for over half a century now. &gt; Arabs were a clear cut majority in Palestine Now Israelis are a clear cut majority in Israel. The Arab choice in 1948 was war. And again and again. Then terrorism. Now milder terrorism mixed up with an international PR campaign. But it's too late to switch from swords to soapboxes with any kind of moral high ground.
What's your favorite sex?
In my day, musicians would bribe radio stations to play their wax records on the phonograph for the people in their living rooms listening to the music or news or drama programs read live by real actors. My father died in the war, so we had to sell our radio. Then my eardrums were ripped out in the tornado of '52. I haven't heard a lick of music since then, just the vibration of my tractor and the wails of my mother when she first heard the news of pa. She killed herself not too long after. Yes, I figured I've lived a sorrow-filled life. But at least I have absolutely no idea who Justin Beiber is and how terrible his music is.
Your gonna need to learn to relax. If you wanna be a grammar nazi, your free to do that. But your the one that will bear that burden.
Duterte is probably great at entertaining.
Thanks for letting me know what bothers you.
&gt; I'm also convinced Ham knows better and is being intentionally deceptive. I believe this too. He has said many times that if children doubt a single thing in the Bible, that it will potentially cause doubt in the whole book. So Ham is trying to push a "Genesis to Revelations" (his words) faith in the Bible. You can see it when he pushes the "what happens when you die?" question. He wants kids to fear God. Something doesn't have to exist for you to fear it.
This woman is being given money specifically because of her husband's crime. [Any attack against an Israeli is rewarded by the PA](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/11/british-american-aid-subsidises-palestinian-terrorism), with higher rewards for more brutal crimes.
Sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. Maybe the Kryptonian race was imbued with nanotechnology, a mitichlorian so to speak. The tiny bots were powered by the red sun to make all the Kryptonians perfect specimens, as evidenced by their perfect forms. With Earth's yellow sun, they go into overdrive, allowing abilities far beyond normal.
&gt; Fuck you. Quote me all you want, assholes. Quote THIS comment too, you fucking trolls. I don't give a shit. -Some idiot.
So you are making a claim to superior knowledge because of working in the industry to are protecting. Got it, bro.
Bishop: Don't use swords, those are a knight's weapon. You are a man of faith, not war. Now go to the cemetery and make sure everything is OK. Cleric: What if I get into a fight? Bishop: Hit it with a stick.
Yes, swords were a status symbol, involving far more metal and man-hours than a spear or mace. It is similar to pistols in the modern world. Leaders get pistols, but don't actually use them often. If a knight wanted to kill another knight or maybe a peasant, an axe was usually best. Hammers with spikes on them were also popular.
It'd be nice if Syria didn't have an air force anymore.
We were talking about Hillary. Her record isn't pacifist or against the military-industrial complex.
Abortions for some, casual sex without consequences for others.
Where are the nuclear wessels?
Kellyanne Con-Way said to listen to Trump's heart, instead of his words. That is really what she said, with her words. I think her heart was saying "Trump doesn't have to fit reality, reality has to fit Trump."
The Shah dismissed the Prime Minister. It says he can do that in the Constitution.
Mossadegh was gerrymandering the electorate, increasing his own powers at the expense of the Shah, destroyed the economy, caused petroleum production to halt, and made many enemies including the religious clerics. Shah kicked his ass to the curb, dismissed through normal Constitutional means.
Good. Somewhat like a kidney or other organ, but also like a big bean. I've also had chicken testicles, which might surprise you with how big they are. A chicken's testicles are internal and I guys they bang a lot because they have big, tasty testies.
It was a complex time, but the fact of the matter is that the Shah issued a decree dismissing the (corrupt, unpopular, and unsuccessful) Prime Minister.
The head of state using his Constitutional power to dismiss the head of government is not a coup. It's a balance of power. Also, Mossadegh destroyed the oil industry, the only thing that Iran had going for it at the time. It was the Shah's right and responsibility to act to defend the country and Constitution.
&gt; 1,500 jews in the old city who actually asked to be removed. No one forced them. This is absolutely ridiculous. The ancient, Arabic-speaking Jews of the Old Quarter? The ones with centuries-old temples and no connection to modern Zionism? Those Jews *asked* to be removed? They were under siege, surrendering only after their food and water was gone. This is a matter of public record. &gt; the Arab Legion made sure none is harmed Again, nonsense. In the cleansing of all Jews from the West Bank and East Jerusalem, a fair number were killed and their property destroyed (including temples). Certainly everyone in the 1948 war had enough sins, but don't go making up angels.
While playing Fallout 2, I was pickpocketed by a street child. I didn't have the skills to pickpocket him back, so I just killed him and took it off his corpse. What was the kid doing stealing a key off a BAMF-looking guy like me? Get to the end of the game and I get all my titles and stats. "Childkiller" is included and I think "What!?! I didn't kill any children...oh. Oh, that kid. He deserved it."
At the end, he mentions the New Deal, where numerous programs like Social Security were created that persist to this day. Now is the time for universal healthcare and free higher education.
But he also mentioned that Bernie Sanders was powered by a similar populist anger as Trump. He specifically said that Sanders and Trump could draw from the same disenchanted voting block. There is another recent video where Noam Chomsky says a very similar thing. The point is that the Left can't be boring. It can't be centrist.
Forbidden by who? The world police?
But it is unlikely any of the rebels can effectively govern, certainly not Daesh. Assad keeping power with his (reasonably) secular and minority-supporting regime is the least-bad option.
Since only about a hundred people died in Deir Yassin (including defenders), it is doubtful that you had any family members there.
I like your jokes, but you need to work on your delivery.
&gt; at most US can deploy two carrier groups to the region There are *always* two carrier groups in that region, increasing the number isn't hard. You are vastly overestimating China's missile capabilities. Anti-missile technology has been demonstrated as effective in places like Israel. You can be assured Taiwan has similar technology. I'm not saying the victory would come without cost, but the Chinese simply aren't able to assert themselves in their coastal waters. Haven't since the Opium wars.
All of us must be weary of information we read online.
And so American Democracy dies, not with a bang but with a room full of laughter.
Have you tried more bbq sauce?
They put the food on our family.
That's because Bernie wanted to create change. Hillary just wanted dat power.
Real life isn't that exciting. It's like a cop watching movies and going "I wish *I* was killing South African diplomats."
&gt; Inter Uteruy Dick Fun Fact: John Holmes used to call Ron Jeremy "Little Dick" and Ron would call John "Pap Smear."
Also keep in mind that 42 days is only if it is constantly refrigerated. So because they heard the prez likes blood in his limo, they put a mini-fridge in the limo so there is always blood for the prez.
**IT'S LIKE A SPACE STATION!!!**
Prostitutes are people, too. Sure, you are paying them for sex, but not all of them will let you dump refrigerated semen on them. You gotta arrange that in advance. Ergo, no need for "emergency semen."
So if I have sex with 100 people who are HIV positive, I'll have 8 AIDS?
[How's this?](http://imgur.com/r/bigboobproblems/H5adTos)
In my anecdotal research, I've found 47% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
They were caught enriching beyond the energy level and said "what, that? That's for medical research." Honestly, why would a deal have even been necessary if there wasn't strong evidence of WMD research in Iran?
Sounds like a conversation between Hamas and ISIS.
but not MAGA. Donald does the MAGA. He is the Boss of the Cabinet of MAGA-THON.
Muslims have been at war with Christians, Jews, Druze, Hindus and each other for centuries. If you want to make the point that Europe has been more xenophobic pre-twentieth century, then that is debatable. But bigotry and tribalism have been a part of Middle Eastern culture for a very long time. Just ask the Christians of Cairo or the Houthi of Yemen if only the Jews suffer from discrimination.
The Pussy v Asshole battle continues.
Nowadays I rarely see or hear that card played. Most of the time it's mentioned only as a strawman.
Countries will often go tit-for-tat in the visa game. But you can't predict what tats Iran will play in response to Donald Trump's tits.
But vegan sandwiches? That is called toast, and it tastes better with butter.
The hated king probably means the guy who took over after the massacre. You see, many Nepalese don't believe the official version of events. Instead, they blame the guy who profitted (the new king) as the mastermind of the royal family killings. This is mostly the rural and less educated folks. Also, there is a strong amount of Marxism and Maoism who are often not keen on having a Hindu God as their leader.
Oh, you are right. It is the Cambodians with the most buying power. You Swiss get killed by the price of ski tickets.
If you can't hold your liquor, you can't be a soldier.
Can anybody name some SNL writers? I can't even name most of the cast. This isn't like having The Face of SNL do something outrageous. It was having someone on the staff make a edgy joke on their own time. I'm on board with not mocking the children and spouses of politicians, no matter how bad the politician is. Except, fuck Eva Braun. What the hell is wrong with that bitch? She couldn't even fucking shoot herself, had to swallow a pill. In any case, I think that a person's punishment for a bad joke should be the silence they get, or even the boos. The cold stares. The angry retweets. Whatever. But the idea of someone losing their job over something they said online is rather crass.
Who is "they"?
[Time](http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,782141,00.html) says $3 billion [CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/arafats-billions/) says several billion &gt; At the time of his death, Arafat’s assets were estimated at $200 million by the Forbes magazine. Forbes listed him ninth in its ranking of the world’s wealthiest heads of state, even though he was a ruler without a country and many of his people were (are) suffering from abject poverty. Other sources, including the American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), put Arafat’s fortune at $6 billion dollars, a figure exaggerated according to several PLO figures I have talked to. - [Al Arabiya](https://www.alarabiya.net/views/2007/08/22/38159.html)
&gt; [The Palestinian Authority seems to be aware of this and has figured out ways to hide these payments to the families of murderers, by creating new accounts.](https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-07-01/the-palestinian-incentive-program-for-killing-jews) That is why you need to read the sources themselves, instead of just quoting what wikipedia cherry-picked for you.
I need more commenters playing the straight man on this blessed day.
And they served boiled cabbage at the reception dinner! Arafat doesn't pick up a fork for anything less than the finest meats and cheeses.
Professional Golfers Association*
Adrian "Ozymandias" Zeidt: I did the right thing, didn't I? It all worked out in the end. Dr. Manhattan: 'In the end'? Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.
Also, I always felt Charlie was saying: Rock Music is the Devil. It's sort of like how [I Dig Rock &amp; Roll Music](https://www.google.com.hk/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiPzvC8r-HRAhWIupQKHaISCaMQ3ywIHDAA&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DiqY35SYsyfQ&amp;usg=AFQjCNFvtn8tx6B3YTeG0Qh5_7za7rmRcg) was written by a folk singer who didn't like the Beach Boys and the Beatles.
It is like a pornstar wearing a g-string and pasties. Lady, you are still naked.
To my understanding, a certain number of generations will go by until inbreeding really starts to show its ugliness. When exactly that happens, and how many people you need to avoid it, is debatable. Cheetahs went through a bottleneck hundreds of generations ago and are still suffering from it. Remember in Starcraft how the colonists were hill-billy stereotypes? Inbreeding.
My kintype is World War I. Stop fetishizing my trench foot.
Every Big Mac comes with fries.
Although writing characters by finger is very easy on a smart phone. It guesses what you want and you pick.
Removing settlements is a major bargaining chip. If the Israelis give the PA an inch, they'll take a mile.
Remember that you have to show your engineering teacher the clock. After he tells you to put it in your locker and not show anyone, bring it to your English class anyway and set the timer to go off in the middle of class. After your joke gets you in very minor trouble, push the media card until Qatar is throwing scholarships at you. Stay for a bit but then return with your family to America because it is way more awesome in Texas than Qatar and Texans treat Sudanese better than the Qataris do. After all, Ahmed brought a fake bomb to school as a prank and the majority of people were falling over themselves to apologize for the principal and police's reasonable actions and reward him before even hearing all the facts.
While I'm sometimes suspicious that he likes being a contrarian, he is still a great intellect.
[He seems cute now](http://www.aquilaarts.com/bushmonkey.jpg), like a middle school bully who started a lot of fights, but didn't really have a bad heart.
I don't know, maybe. They also provide tons of intelligence on the Middle East and have prevented Syrian and Iraqi attempts to develop nuclear weapons.
The Lizards only recognized the Not-Empires when they showed they had nuclear arms. All the radiation was gonna muck up the whole planet, and the Emperor doesn't send space armadas for nothing. I would think that the CSA wouldn't have been able to develop the nuclear technology and would have either been conquered along with Mexico, or ended up as a buffer state similar to Poland's fate.
Yeah, I'm definitely hoping that he gets bored and keeps a low profile. Maybe find a new wife. Just let his staff govern.
America did indeed try to implant capitalism into South Vietnam, but not democracy. America supported a dictator until he was assassinated, then supported a different one. The irony is that modern Vietnam is an authoritarian police state whose economy is heavily integrated into global capitalism, just like the US wanted in the 60's.
Apologies, I meant no disrespect. I know how vital the clone troopers were in dealing with the treacherous Jedi.
Iran called the ban "insulting" and then returned the insult. One can claim moral superiority, or one can go tit-for-tat. Not both.
Not all bigots are Nazis, but all Nazis are bigots. [Indonesian Nazis](http://europe.newsweek.com/love-hitler-leads-nazi-revival-indonesia-276049?rm=eu) [Gay Russian Nazis](http://europe.newsweek.com/love-hitler-leads-nazi-revival-indonesia-276049?rm=eu) Whatever. Insecure people turning to hate to feel better about themselves.
Don't be thin-skinned.
I once left her a message to check if her refrigerator is running. Once she responds (I presume with "yes") I'll tell her *to go catch it!*
I just don't eat pizza while wearing a suit. There are certain things you can do at home or with friends that you shouldn't do while wearing a suit. For example, bragging about the size of your penis.
That must be her gut feeling. She believes she *deserves* to be President and everyone around her for the last decade has agreed. Every pundit and pollster agreed. And honestly, a lot of us who *didn't* vote for her still thought she'd win. But she didn't. After years and years of being told she's the greatest, she's yesterday's news. How can she blame herself?
A soundbite is not just a soundbite anymore, it has to be a clip. A really juicy bit of audio (Gianforte shoving that reporter, Trump talking about grabbing pussy) can still make news, but Sean being Spicy won't get as much airplay.
Try to remain civil. The population of Christians in Egypt has been steadily declining for the last 100 years. That is a fact, and is also true in Lebanon, Syria, and Iraq. There are a lot of causes for that. But the rate at which Jews hemorrhaged out of those countries is many times greater, accelerating after the Arab defeats in 1948, 1956, 1967, and 1973. Government repression is one of the reasons why.
Bunch of bullies. Why don't they realize they are getting everything they want?
Which one is North Dakota and which is South Dakota? I always get them confused.
Why do you call yourself "liberator" ? Are you going to use your superior Californian psychology skills to free Gazans from the clutches of extremism?
Do you have flying cars?
I think it's very cool.
Chris Stuckmann's mom here. I have a penis.
&gt; I don't know who you mean by "Arabs". This is just a subtle racism accusation. You know exactly what he means. Obviously, the majority of institutions in the Middle East have a big problem with Israel. Multiple invasions and an ongoing embargo are used against not just the Israeli government, but the Israeli citizenry. An Arab-Israeli conflict exists, has existed for half a century.
Nipples.
The problem is that not enough of the Muslim world is opposed to terrorism *as a tactic*. Of course they oppose attacks on their own communities and groups, but support of terrorist acts that align with an individual's opinions are given a pass far too often.
And their wings are SOLAR PANELS! X-Wing wings let them perform better in atmosphere and also give a valuable spread to the weapons. TIE Fighters have solar panels because making them a larger target is worth saving a few thousand credits on space gas.
It was a European film, maybe Polish. They have foreign films in China. An old guy told me "Western films are about robots and aliens, Chinese films are about *people!*" That is largely true, at least from what they show on CCTV (that is really what Chinese state media is called. They don't get the joke at all). China makes historical epics about palace intrigue or killing Japanese people.
World War I. World War II. World War III. Class it up with some Romanesque.
How do you rate it? Does Worf fight Wolverine?
How else am I gonna see flaccid cocks?
Bro, you don't bust a cap in a man's nut.
Or Morty. Rick brings him along to explain science stuff, just like his inspiration, Marty McFly.
I would love that. Work in that his mom left him some VHS tapes and have 80's film references constantly. Bill Murray could cameo.
I knew a dorky white guy who could pop and lock really well. He said he learned in front of a mirror.
Have you really been called that? I hear people on r/worldnews and such complaining about this problem. But for the many years I've had the Israel-Palestine debate (online and at various events) I rarely hear the accusation made. More often the word "antisemite" is brought up as you did, before-the-fact. Also, Israel didn't have borders between 1948 and 1967. It had ceasefire lines. What we today call the West Bank was the furthest advance of the Jordanian army in 1948. The Gaza Strip is Egypt's. Those aren't borders, those are battle lines. While I think Israel giving up land for peace is a good idea (as they have with Egypt, as they've been trying to do with Syria for decades), it isn't an ethical imperative. There are still attacks against Israeli civilians emanating from Gaza and the West Bank. So being cautious about retreating back to Israel's narrow waist is understandable. Not to mention there is still a lot of hateful rhetoric and media attacks aimed at Israel from the neighboring Arab states. A decent amount of that *actually is* [antisemitism](http://www.spiegel.de/international/the-cartoon-wars-middle-eastern-media-awash-in-anti-semitism-a-400161.html).
If that were true, I doubt you'd be complaining about women as often as you do. So you keep bragging about Western civilization, but you haven't contributed anything to it other than fucking your cousin.
&gt; I didn't want to bug him with logistics. Exactly. Don't bug him with details. Just get it done. This creates a serious problem for those commanding forces under Lord Vader: He isn't always clear with his orders. In fact, he'll blame you for unforeseen consequences. [The choking of Admiral Ozzel.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV2DLkDPwM8) Ozzel didn't know the Rebels had such a strong shield generator for their base. His plan was to attack immediately because that is how Vader likes things done. If he'd come out of hyperspace far from Hoth and was then spotted by an X-Wing scout, Vader would have choked him out for being "clumsy and stupid." "You failed me for the last time," doesn't mean that Ozzel was a fuck-up. How did he get command of Vader's Death Squadron if he is incompetent? Ozzel was launching a standard attack on an outpost, like he'd done a hundred times. Vader is just a jerk of a boss. My advice to you, *Admiral,* is to pin on your ranktangles, shine your boots, and apply for a transfer out of the Death Squadron. Seriously, that is what your armada is called. Doesn't that worry you, Mr. Star Destroyer Driver?
Upon seeing Ghostbusters (the new one) long after the buzz wore off, I thought it was OK. I saw it on a TV, so I judged it by TV movie standards and it was OK. I bet those broads are funny if they had some decent material.
They already have a common law marriage. You don't view, review, and re:view that many movies with another man without becoming a life partner.
I like box socials.
&gt; "I like porn, I just wish the dialogue was better." - A Smart Person
He isn't used to the internet.
Who is the best &lt;blank&gt; in RLM? The answer is Rich Evans.
You should learn the concept of a cheat meal. Eat 20 healthy meals in a weak, eat whatever you want on the 21st.
I was born in Flavor Country.
Iran's Prime Minister *did* nationalize the oil and throw out all the foreign technicians. This caused the oil production to halt and the economy to crumble. That is why the Shah dismissed the PM, as was his right under the Constitution. The CIA's role was minor. Many Westerners paralysed by guilt think that nothing in Iran could happen without Western puppet masters. That is called soft bigotry. The truth is that PM Mossadegh was deeply unpopular and was dismissed by the will of the Iranian people by Constituional means.
The Ottomans were definitely a Caliphate. According to them and according to the majority of the world's Muslims at the time.
In comic books, no one is ever dead. Superman died. He's not dead. Batman died and Robin became Batman then he died and some Robin knock-off named Nightwing became Batman and I don't think he died but if he did then someone else would be Batman, maybe Robin again because he was rejuvenated by the Skull of A Thousand Caves by Magmar the Magnificent only to sacrifice himself to save The Green Lantern, who's ring has been wielded by a half-dozen different guys.
Like Paul McCartney. He was never really dead.
Truly an individual. On a wacky show, he was the wackiest.
We'll see if she has a stronger handshake than Angela Merkel.
Yes. Yes, that is exactly right. Unless there are jumper cables around. In which case, you know what to do.
While Endor had but a small garrison. Once shit got real with the Ewoks, the base commander should have called up and been like "can you send a Star Destroyer? Just one, all I need is one. Or even just a small cruiser, or a wing of TIE fighters. Really, anything, because I'm fighting plush toys over here."
China has various problems, but its streets are safe at night.
Which is why Wakanda hid itself from the rest of the world.
Of what?
Where are Robin's pants?
Oranges?
Hamas is a wing of the Muslim Brotherhood. Qatar is a huge funder.
You can't fight in here, this is the War Room.
Iran's theocratic leaders literally think their enemies are controlled by Satan.
Latin America called. They left a long message.
Tell that to the cannibals. Soviet living standards were far below The US and the West. Compare the two Germanys, or the Koreas. The difference is startling.
What ceasefire deal? The 2008, 2012, and 2014 ceasefires didn't contain prisoner releases.
And it is every parent's dream to outlive their children.
Rand's dad Ron has been [talking straight about American war for decades](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AD7dnFDdwu0).
Could? Probably someday. Should? No.
Yeah, it is shameful how the PLO tried to take over Jordan. They also supported Saddam's takeover of Kuwait. No respect for anyone else that PLO.
Oh, I see your problem. You think Jews in the Middle East is a post-WWII thing. Almost half of Israel's population is descended from Middle Eastern Jews who predate the 1800's start of European Zionism.
Same as in Smash Bros. Pika-Pika-Pika-**CHOO**
That is what Yoda looked like 600 years ago.
In 2008, I honestly thought Obama didn't have enough experience. He'd only been a Senator four years, working at the state and local level before then. I was wrong. He hit the ground running. There were some real missteps during his time, but he did good. His biggest faults were in foreign policy, and Secretary of State Clinton takes some blame for that. I've heard people say Hillary is smart, she knows policy. Oh yeah? Why did she make bad decisions as a Senator and Secretary of State? Obama is a great individual who rose to the office. Hillary is a mediocre politician at best.
People can't eat shoes, ivory, or cigars.
&gt; AidsDash Is that like the Hunger Games?
Oh shit, you are right. Sometimes people who randomly attack Israelis with knives or cars or guns get their homes demolished, too. Fuck, that destroys the whole argument. I mean, it is perfectly OK for the Palestinian Authority to use international aid intended to help the needy to instead reward the families of terrorists.
Every man should be able to do three things at all times: Cut, write, and tell the time.
Bad-mouthing something doesn't mean I don't understand it.
Those weren't Marxist revolutions.
He's just a tool.
I've listened to every song Lenin ever wrote.
Oh my gawd! A communist pretending to be smarter and more informed than others!?! What a shock! By the way, why would you have commissar in your name? Commissars were horrible people, slave-drivers and propagandists.
So you are a tankie. Neat. Hope you get a job on a co-op or something.
Golden Age of Television. Film-quality acting and production in only an hour. This is part of the reason "movies suck these days." TV is not the small screen anymore. TVs are big now, great sound and picture. Most of us watch stuff without commercials. Meanwhile movies are full of product placement commercials and pandering bullshit. Hey Hollywood, TV made you its bitch.
In a closed-door session with reporters, LBJ was asked why the continuing war in Vietnam was necessary. According to reports, he pulled his johnson out and said "this is why."
&gt; His view of history is demonstrably correct Even if that were true, it doesn't give him the power of prescience. Industrial societies embraced capitalism. Only a few agrarian societies tried out that collectivist nonsense and it never worked. They threw out the communes and kept the authoritarianism. Marx as economic historian? Maybe. Economic fortuneteller? Failure.
You are doing it again. Throwing around "capitalism" like it is this black-hat gunslinger you can accuse of all evil. &gt; but exist in spite of capitalism See? You think all good comes from Marxism and all evil from capitalism. Capitalism has resulted in the uplifting of more poor than any other thing since agriculture. Just ask the Chinese. It's unfortunate that they kept the authoritarianism, but their economic miracle of bringing hundreds of millions out of poverty was from... global capitalism. An open market. Adam Smith would be so proud.
&gt; the benefits of global trade and technology You forgot privatization. Entrepreneurialism, yo. That gets the bellies fed.
You are right, I'm not defending the practice. Just trying to speculate on the original poster's motives.
I'm defending food surplus, social mobility, and rapid R&amp;D.
I fall asleep every night listening to a tape I made of Trey doing announcer voices while I masturbate and cry.
You guys are a tribe.
Oil is like Earth's melange.
&gt; the people living there were part of an empire There wasn't a people living there, just people. The Levantine Arabs are a group. Dividing them into Syrians, Lebanese, Jordanians, and Palestinians has only led to tears and blood.
McGuerilla film-making.
[Found it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x01l_jMhjVM).
Bang, zoom, straight to the Moon. Not literally, I'm defunding NASA.
Hey! Hanan Ashwari! How come no one ever votes for her?
At the moment? No. But pro-peace parties like hers and others do abysmally in elections.
A
As for the Chaos Gods' feats, we know that the Warp manipulates time. Space Marines who fell to chaos can be corrupted for a few months in the Warp and ambush real space thousands of years later. It could be that despite the space-time engineering prowess of the Daleks, that they would find the Warp an impregnable fortress of insanity, wrath, greed, pestilence, and non-linear physics.
I thought we were trying to be funny, not provide guidance. I mean, Taco is in the name of the place.
Justice is insignificant next to the power of the Force.
Like the Star Wars Christmas Special.
Cartman Gets an Anal Probe is a classic.
One, but I'm saving up to buy her the second.
Open d6 is a great system, especially if you are skipping genres. Any decent DM should be able to house rule it just right.
&gt; call the japanese empire an empire of goatfuckers Everyone knows that the Japanese only fuck fish. No rubbers, just raw.
More like Milwaukee Beast.
Yeah, it is all up to individual choice. Except for porn, only weirdos buy physical porn.
To trash talk the dictatorial and terrorist-supporting regime of Tehran. I do it for free, baby.
Fair point, but they aren't a bowl of cherries either. Hezbollah is fighting ISIS, that doesn't make Hezbollah OK.
Not proud to say this, but: I wanted to go to camp one summer and couldn't, so I told a kid who was going to camp that camp is for losers but it didn't convince him and I didn't convince myself either.
That is just what the government says. Any Azeri, Baluchi, Kurd, Arab-speaker, Bahai, or atheist who says the wrong thing could end up dead. 100% of North Koreans agree: the Dear Leader is great.
Abjuration: Because the best defense is more defense.
Evocation: What is defense?
Oh, Jared couldn't fix it? I meant Subway Jared, he can slim down everybody's borders.
[Shenanigans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvK1F-Thrzk) is hill-billy for "something is fishy around here."
Killing your daughter for dating, that'd be an example of honor killing. Killing your sister for flirting over the phone, or killing a bride-to-be for not being a virgin. While not too common, this does go on in Jordan and the courts usually ignore it as a family affair.
It means I was treating gunshots in Baghdad while you were learning to chew solid foods.
I'm the SJW!?! You are the one slapping rainbows on other people's flags and telling them that they are bigots if they don't take a Skittles shower from your Fountain of I-Know-Better. You can use the N word if you want, I just think it makes you look ignorant. Like when you changed the Allah Ackbar on the Iranian flag into a Pink Floyd album cover. When you push your atheism onto the Middle East like you're Science Jesus. When you excuse acts of terrorism because of the soft-bigotry of lowered expectations for non-Western people. Classic SJW. I would call you a snowflake, but you aren't. Snowflakes are unique.
In his own autobiography he talks about how he saw blacks as savages.
Past the Ice Wall.
Helicopter ejection seat.
Yes, and that should be criticized. If your argument is that the Iranian government is backwards, I agree.
PFLP is an actual political party with racism written into their agenda. So is the Chinese Communist Party, both leftists. Also, I'd argue that Hillary Clinton's covert racism is worse than a guy who says "I don't like Mexicans." Heard of Robert Byrd? Former KKK leader turned senior Democratic Senator? Try to stop seeing "the Right Wing" as a monolith of everything you think is wrong in the world. If you did, maybe you'd smell the poo-poo in your own backyard.
