You need to learn about euros?
How was the university maths without having done further maths at school?
I'm not sure. If you look at this phenomenon carefully, you can see that 0-click presses always occur in pairs with 1-click presses one second afterwards. I just don't know what this means.
That's not what I'm talking about. The presses are both shown as red here, at 0 seconds.
Many redditors seem to have a thing with telling people to calm down.
I know. So?
I was just saying that the guy I replied to had the wrong end of the stick.
Is shark week real?
Why are you talking with such finality?
Yet it's still needed constantly.
I mean, if my body would just *tell* me it needs water, I'd go drink some. Why's it got to be all underhanded like this?
He probably just googled it because pronto285 said "*a pair* of shot glasses".
This is why democracy never works. Now, asking as an outside observer, how did FujiJohn get elected?
I thought that too, I guess because of the crazy overtake.
Maybe he got a PS4
Maybe try EVE Online then
Is it me is or everyone else misunderstanding this comment?
You have confused me greatly.
My life got so much better when I started using Imagus.
...I've just realised I was being really dumb. I somehow took 15 to be the year of birth... so either 1915 or 2015. Now I get it.
China has been generous!
How do you know if it's mean or not before reading it?
More facetious
I thought M3 was a pretty good paper, even though I made a few silly mistakes. Did you do the January 2015 IAL? FPs were pretty nice though.
Agreed
Bit of a shame I think. The sub was far from dying.
Oh man, such anti-America circlejerk amirite
The system built to automatically reset the timer with old accounts failed. Info here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Knightsofthebutton/comments/38q9x5/the_button_and_necromancer_postmortem/
How much do you know about the button? The OP of that post created some sort of program (I don't actually know the details) that used "donated" old (sometimes shadow-banned) accounts and synced them up to use their press at 0 seconds, one after the other. However an account that was supposed to press an hour or two ago turned out to be unable to press. So the timer legitimately ran out.
People are leaving school and the SAT hasn't been taken yet? I don't get how this works.
Where can I see the paper?
Ah, that makes sense. I just couldn't comprehend doing M4 &amp; FP3 and not D1 :p I guess there's probably no trick to determining where questions might come from - maybe recent IAL and older UK papers give the best idea. What other subjects are you doing?
New markdown, no slash required: r/upvotedbecausegirl
What do you mean?
Ah okay, fair enough.
I think he was just making a joke. After all, when have you ever seen a flag with a watermark on it?
But hard to spell.
So where do they do the test? Or is it online?
Yeah, only one person in my class opted for M4 and I think the rest of us had had enough of mechanics by that point :p She does say that it's better than M3 though so between you both I think I'm convinced that it's not all that bad :p Only 9 at my school. We lost 4 from last year though, and that's not counting the people who dropped it at the start of AS :s Your Further class is bigger than my Physics class! I can tell you it's a pretty nice way to spend your last year, hehe. I guess that's fair enough of them ; Further Maths probably isn't the safest subject. Yeah, that part of History was nice, especially as a break from all the maths! I just wasn't a fan of my teachers and the style of essay writing they wanted. What topics did you do?
I see. So the test takes place at school, but during the holidays? Or are the younger students not out yet?
That fur looks amazing in the sun.
Post in /r/funny then
What on earth is that contraption?
Next time on Doctor Who...
Literally none on that wall are right. Though I guess Japan's is close.
Why is the military advisor with Notre Dame?
Where do people run over birds that are on the road?
What body of water are you looking across?
He must really hate pro gaming
What would be the minimum required for looking at the sun?
Interesting, thanks.
It really confused me for a second.
&gt;weary of you Ugh, here he comes again, wiping out civilizations as usual... *sigh*
Twist: the daughter is a child prodigy and is in her third year of maths at university.
I got it! Thanks
Where's here?
Reads like Roald Dahl
I wonder how many Channel Islands they went with.
My life got so much better when I started using this.
It's taken from a Youtube video, and Imagus will play the sound with it.
I definitely don't think the audience is supposed to dislike his character. In fact, he's probably one of the ones people empathise with more.
&gt;effectively immediately
It's the Solstice
Is the Napoleonic Wars multiplayer organised?
Cool. I used to watch Malakith Skadi's videos of 77y battles and always fancied being a part of it one day.
I'd also like to know about GTA IV
Oh yeah, didn't notice the complete edition was on summer sale. It's £7.49 for me; I wonder why you get it cheaper?
It's good to hear it's still popular. What do you mean by committing to a regiment being highly debatable?
Okay great, I was hoping you meant that. I play EVE and love the large-scale us vs. them combat in that game, so it will be awesome to experience it in a historical setting. Can you recommend a (newbie-friendly) regiment?
Nice extension, thanks! Yeah, regional differences seems to be the case.
I'm always slightly disappointed when I don't see Guernsey nestled between Guatemala and Guinea. You think you guys have it bad; I have an extra step in selecting a country.
Exactly. The only people who think they are identical don't have the best grasp of the English language.
Can't imagine you've met many English people
What accent is this?
It's like glarce
Title says 10 seconds or less!
You can't edit titles...
&gt;not unnatural &gt;not impure &gt;creepy What does creepy even mean any more?
Try /r/pics
"The cashier is ready for you now; please follow me to their office"
That would explain why it has greeters, then
Man bacteria just don't get a break do they
And http://www.reddit.com/r/PerfectTiming/comments/39rj1s/holy_fuck_perfect_timing/ is almost in spot below that
How do pronounce what? Glass or gloss?
The war has changed.
You need two breaks between lines.
I haven't either and I'm a Brit.
I don't think he was seriously calling it proof.
Catching the bus?
That's because no one actually says moggy, except the odd British grandma
To get to Charmouth
You can start exams that late?
Diapers and preschool in the same comment? Where are you from?
Yeah, I meant late in the morning. I thought they had to start by 9am.
If you can't recognise a question formed in this manner then you are severely out of the loop.
Absolutely. Starting up a game and getting into a session seems like such a commitment, when it's much easier just to watch a video of it. But when I do manage to start playing, I always then enjoy it.
Is it me or does the toff on the right look like Wojak?
Have you seen the Swiss guards?
A dangling participle
I can't imagine life without uniforms
Why your phone?
Which isn't a good thing.
I laughed when I saw Celebrity Worship
Seems a bit weird to use a device that is relatively accessible to others and low on memory to store photos that you can't need to see that often.
Why not? Think of all the time you would save by not having to choose what to wear!
Yeah, but 4chan does a good job of hiding everything useful.
Also waiting for New Vegas! I hope they will not lessen the discounts on the back of the Fallout 4 hype.
This will divide opinion.
Americans
Give it a rest; there's no prevalent anti-America circlejerk on reddit. One post, not even criticising America, makes it to the top and you start whining.
There are too many Americans on reddit for there to be a prevalent circlejerk against it.
You should look him up just for the full name!
I love this phenomenon. I really thought it was universal until I saw people thinking it was weird to want to crush and consume whatever cute thing it is. [Key and Peele get it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6iC0Vi1yEg)
They are the daily deals that started yesterday.
We're right outside. Open up.
The house on the left is nothing short of abhorrent
Did you reply to the right person there?
I think it's positively ugly. I can't stand wrinkly faces and big bulbous heads. Its eyes are also far too far apart.
Go back to sleep, grandma.
Have you got another analogy which explains FIFA and Football Manager?
You should go and see if you can get inside!
What's up with all the extra symbols on the keys?
He's shorter than I expected.
I don't think that's too unreasonable
Man, I remember seeing this on The Slammer!
You have shakeable doors?
I prefer [this one.](http://zoomquilt2.madmindworx.com/zoomquilt2.swf)
References to [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/3aiaa7/) perhaps? If that came from something earlier then I don't know.
So THAT's why it's called astroturfing! That's brilliant!
Looks to me like the person holding the camera jumped a bit after the seal. I like it for the comedic effect.
That review is incredible
What's up with her face? She looks like a shop mannequin.
But seriously, how can you be sure of that?
Guernsey resident here to address any enquires.
Oh... maybe I should watch this movie
Can't people just identify the accents of the voice actors? Or are they all over the place.
How can you be sure that it's more frequent?
You don't watch much anime
Thanks for the new copypasta
You've clearly never used an Apple product
Shame about the /s
I like it for longer songs
Why ruin everything with a /s
No such thing
The weirdest thing I got from that article is that there's a town called Truth or Consequences.
I'll sort out a Kickstarter
He did
What do you call Coke?
What do other people use?
Don't let Chris Hansen hear you say that.
Lad
That we have five senses is billed as a little known fact?
I remember that... Rose went off on someone for calling it the Union Jack
When did the term emoji start getting used?
Excellent, thanks
It was both!
I know, but they are saying that the wrong "fact" itself is little known. I think if I asked a bunch of people how many senses we have, most would say five.
I don't get how people can use their front page. I feel like I'd be missing everything without using /r/all.
Where's the museum?
This seems like a cool site.
Even worse, it's a tux jacket!
/r/Ooer is something, but I'm not sure a circlejerk is that thing.
What in god's name are you on about
wut
[Or, a camera (sable).](http://i.imgur.com/uhYPhmL.png)
Mm, pretty standard I'd say
Seriously? They're not going to care about nudists, if that's what it was.
To be fair I only definitely remember seeing this in UK hotels, so maybe it's not as widespread as I thought.
If no other hotel on the planet had this, it still wouldn't be superfuckinginterestingholyfuckingshit.
I always remembered this sub as being full of coincidences and other odd little occurrences. It's still full of them, but there seems to be a lot more of discovering man-made phenomena these days.
It's a webm. So perfectly capable of sound
Is she speaking Chinese at the end there?
I'm pretty sure it's not. The sirens aren't being driven around.
I'm not sure the Doppler effect would be observed in that situation.
Agreed. They are also convinced that there's a big bad anti-America circlejerk on reddit, when it simply isn't prevalent (or at least much less prevalent than the pro-US one).
Looks like he hasn't realised that reddit is very pro-dog
I love doing this. Pulling out every drop of snot and just letting it wash away... mmm...
Aww, I'll take you to one if you like!
I mean, you could tell them story anyway
Well no, you'd have to move across the boat to change time zones
How were they "arbitrarily" changing their time zone?
You mean spell cheque
That's getting really old
[Really? Look at this one](https://othmarstrombone.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/rotatoriamagica.jpg)
Who tf would put the day before the month when the year was first? And ISO 8601 is the only system to have this syntax, so once you've you've heard of it, you'll know which is which.
A year at most
I don't get it
Americans are fat
They could be used as a weapon, so they don't get sold in our shops.
Nice username
Can confirm, live in unimportant country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cyx6nWdFas
I have done this
Yes...
Reddit loves a good bit of banter with the Brits
Thank you
Brits haven't been saying that for a long time...
This is every weekend in Britain
No, but it gives everyone a good opportunity to rip on Britain for stuff that happens everywhere
You think that doesn't happen everywhere during a major event?
Sure, but it's easier to insult other peoples than yours.
Since belts can be used as weapons, they don't get sold in British shops.
Since belts can be used as weapons, they don't get sold in British shops.
How is this gory?
Okay, maybe "weapon" was the wrong word to use. It's more to do with attempting to cut back the violent child discipline methods that have been rampant here for decades. Probably David Cameron's most popular policy, lol
Can I come and live there
Exactly; no Trump supporter is going to look up to see this and think "Yeah... Yeah! He *is* disgusting! My eyes have been opened!"
https://youtu.be/RcU7FaEEzNU?t=4m39s
+/u/User_Simulator /u/Sataris
It's okay, English class is over now
[Somehow relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jux-Zi-IucU)
It's technically a panel show rather than a game show
You have to be careful when you're that smart
Still strange to call them "work names"... It makes it sound like if they met up outside of work they wouldn't use them
Maybe you're just from an alternate timeline
Cody is a meme name
While we're here, you should say "*what* are they called"
belle meme
Sounds like the girl was far more autistic
I see a little of John Cleese in the fourth pane
But people use it when adjusting quotes all the time!
Finally found Obama's real reddit account
Everyone's torquing about it
Well why didn't you go?
I'm intrigued that you chose to omit "of" in one of those phrases but not the other
C U L T U R E U L T U R E
What about Communion?
lol
And UK. I thought we were friends :(
He's just originally from the 10th century
Let's cancel this now
Why would CCPearson use OCR? ^^^no ^^^one's ^^^going ^^^to ^^^get ^^^that ^^^:(
Well that's what you get for standing there.
That's probably going to cost you more than £135
Deal
Why on earth would they prevent you using 'helping verbs'?
&gt;⁽ What's this? I thought it was a mark on my screen for a few seconds
Just make sure to remember the ctrl
You misunderstand the point. It is harmless, but the kid thought it wasn't, hence the crying
Well at least you don't have to worry about mass ropings in schools
Damn reposters
You're just putting your fingers in your ears and singing. What's even the point of you commenting?
Yes but it shows white paper first
Scranton's a real place?
Did you have this thought before the fish meme began?
That guy's asshole
What an un-American calendar you have
~~...taes a evah ,esaelp~~
Why not?
Spain was in the revolutionary war?
Do warriors have trouble this bad with stamina? I'm currently trying to decide what build to go for for my first playthrough
They... might do
Relevant username
Is Cyrillic good? Never read his work
I've seen the word 'boipucci' too many times not to be slightly disturbed by the title
It's nice when they have a reason to do it. I guess the speech bubbles and mouse moving were cool, but the mouths were just overkill and really distracting, in my opinion.
He obviously knows what lubricant is; he's asking what the point is
You wanna lodge a complaint about my complaining?
And escalators
Don't be ridiculous, nobody has has five legs
Come on, basically all the posts talking about real life come from post-teens
You are the embodiment of all evil
And this was the final piece in the puzzle, /u/hoosakiwi. I have you now.
After a while they stopped letting them board the plane and just dumped them again for another trial
A pretty great deal actually... I'm struggling to find one for Skyrim as good as OCO
Disappointed to find that article is not written without 'e's
Yeah come on /u/iBleeedorange, what are you doing mate
That's what they all day
Well for a start, this isn't a sporting event
A threat to what though?
To be fair, we have £1 notes too
And then gets pipebombed
I think you should leaf
I guess if it's back it's probably okay. Also using Imagus :D
#hahahaha
You should say "quite *the* new supporter"
&gt;Do i have a problem if im american 'fraid so
Hey, you got your phone back!
&gt;Ireland was pissed Well that's been established for a long time
&gt;&gt; Are...are you seriously asking that question? Please tell me you're joking.
Oh yeah, this happens *all* the time to me \*rolls eyes*
Yeah, if you take Calradia to be Europe, all the peoples are in basically the right places
Let's see your focus face then
Where did you hear that?
I thought I could rely on you :(
You can turn a fraction into a percentage if you want...
What? With 10% boundaries 60% is a C anyway...
Why wouldn't they be? Who does it in public?
Although "present tense of be" isn't very helpful if you can't even comprehend "is"
What on earth is "introduction to foods"? That sounds almost as laughable as the breathing one
You might know them as points
It's definitely something to do with Barbra Streisand
&gt;It's why people that plan it out before hand will never win it. What do you mean?
I don't think I understand. Was there a room under the bunk bed, only accessible through it?
Love that /u/cats_SS replied to /u/furry_SS
If the phone was outside, what was inside the box?
Because it's a joke?
It reminds me of the tsunami scene in 2012
Whoever wrote that uses full stops as if they grew on trees
Pretty sure it's the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon
Should've gone to Facebook
Wrong way round, newfriend
And up them
&gt; doesn't have to fear for his life and can go to work by bicycle. Clearly you've never cycled in London
Because it flows around the knife...
You mean Australians?
I just realised I've been reading it as pigdin all this time
Who were you calling a phoney then?
[You can have artificial noises in your name](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNoS2BU6bbQ)
John Cleese
fooking prawns
I guess I'm the only one who feels this way without ever having an SO before
Well that account is clearly just set up to mock all the comments about Overwatch, assuming there are others
I like how you asked this *after* eating the egg
Was getting caught part of your plan?
The best-looking projection by far
What *do* you have an intention of doing at uni?
You really went out of your way to ignore the sarcasm on that one
Due to inflation there would be quite a bit more money in there by now
Yeah, I would have just written "Okay, see you in ten years"
I'm bracing for this when I get my results
What school do you go to btw?
When I was in school I felt like this before every holiday. I had fun during the holidays but god was I lonely
Seems to me like America loves multiple choice exams
You've just gotta mix vodka until you can barely taste it
savage
This is the one thing we did'nt want to happen
Playing Devil's advocate, but that doesn't really mean anything as a reponse... any painting still needs a painter of some sort
Did Cornella animate this himself?
I'm sure they'll respawn in a minute
&gt;tooling around
&gt;formal towns Well now you mention it, the penguins do like to go around in tuxes
&gt;formal towns Well now you mention it, the penguins do like to go around in tuxes
&gt;formal towns Well now you mention it, the penguins do like to go around in tuxes
&gt;formal towns Well now you mention it, the penguins do like to go around in tuxes
&gt;formal towns Well now you mention it, the penguins do like to go around in tuxes
&gt;formal towns Well now you mention it, the penguins do like to go around in tuxes
&gt;formal towns Well now you mention it, the penguins do like to go around in tuxes
I love this one
But he didn't cover the name of that Anonymous guy
&gt;late July Fuck off you do, when do you go back?
I mean what else would you use it for?
Technically it's a particular outcome of the referendum
Have you seen the [Ready Brexit advert](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41_5fyqNbE8)?
I believe it's billed as a support sub
I just think the animation is really cute
I assume citadels weren't part of the wording
There's one in the eye for the greasy Arabs!
I'm guessing that information is given to people taking the test at the start? In which case, the mother associates those words with imminent suffering, and therefore is distraught that they are her child's first.
For a sec there I thought you were asking about ambulance services run by animals
You need empty lines in the list for it to format properly
Haha, yep. I really didn't expect this to come up
I feel like it's only fair to take a lion off the crest if you're going to amputate the cross ;p
[Here's the first page of Genesis](https://libraryofbabel.info/bookmark.cgi?genesis1)
This is the best argument I've seen for classifying the current group of major conflicts as a world war
God, it feels like it takes an age for that documentary to get started
Here's an attempt at an in-world (mostly) Onion-style publication, supplemented with original civball illustrations
Yeah, as a UK resident the title of this post kinda blew my mind for a sec
It's got a tiny keyboard, and I mean *really really* tiny
I was wondering when I would find a comment helping figure out what's under the heart lol
I had a history teacher who kept writing "why did such and such *breakdown*", instead of "break down". What is it with phrasal verbs
I wish someone I knew cared about me
Which one was that?
Can I ask what your native language is?
Then delete Facebook and hit the gym
We've all been playing this game for too long
[I like Ronnie Barker's delivery of this one](https://youtu.be/9rbVADWJczM?t=2m26s)
Username confirms
Could you pay it forward and explain what a garage monkey is?
dough-G just makes the most sense really
And that's the joke
&gt;tek Are you an Ork?
Haha I looked it up on Urban Dictionary thinking it was some slang I hadn't seen yet
"mail slot", apparently
Just to nitpick, you mean admins. Mods are specific to subreddits
Not to mention the four notebooks and two water bottles
The length of the video is around 3 quadrillion years if you were wondering
&gt; There is this place where I catch the bus I think they call those bus stops
What a fancy spelling you have there
/r/meirl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcx-nf3kH_M
I understood "Jeep"
But Noone's a great person
+/u/User_Simulator Sataris
+/u/User_Simulator Sataris
How did you post a link here?
This sub is so diluted nowadays
Mod
Master Windu told me to stay in this seat, so that's what I'm gonna do
Friggin thing FUCKS
/r/unexpectedfact- oh
You are not appreciated enough
Except no one's named Buck
That one
You don't though
Replies to this comment are proof Californians can't take banter. If this was about Florida instead your points would be through the roof
When my dad was 70 I was 4
Thanks?
Quartered
I don't get it :(
Do Americans call such chunky chips fries as well?
I think you're being unfair. There's icing sugar too!
The protagonist should claim to be able to tell on what day of the week she was born
nooo
&gt; Friabiiity, gullibiiity Why the heck do those exist??
What was so awesome?
This sort of thing boggles the mind
They would take care of military and civilian infrastructure before targeting most population centres
You must be new to English
You're either being facetious or difficult. You know English doesn't have fully phonetic spellings
Okay, you are just being difficult
How do you pronounce psychic?
Something tells me you fail to see a lot of things
Lol dog owners are exactly the same
It's not like he just misspelled a word though. The tweet was an unfinished thought
I sense a prequel meme
When I type "all", one of the suggestions is /r/actuallesbians. I don't remember ever going there...
If you'd read the other replies you'd know
I'm sure picking up their dog's shit and cleaning up piss from when they get a bit anxious really positively impacts the owner's self esteem
I sense a trap
What do you mean by "spray"?
Well, mine doesn't. I'm gonna stop arguing with you. I think the important thing to take away is that some people have bad experiences with cats and some with dogs, and that's all there is to it
Show me on the doll where the toxoplasma gondii touched you
Wikihow for assisting deer to commit suicide
Maybe you should jump in front of one of your uncle's trains if he's okay with it?
More like ctt amirite
I'm with you. Everything about my life is basically alright, except that I might get kicked out of uni soon. A part of me hopes that actually happens, just so I might have some more justification for what I end up doing
How long have you been daytrading?
Must have got the premium model
Same here, but my friends won't include me
Well that was depressing
Relevant username
How do you think the fence feels
Maybe your dog is deaf
It's a reasonable thing to do, but not beautiful
When people say "an historic" they do drop the h. To my ears it sounds quite posh
It depends on the channel's community and feel. Instead of a bunch of people sitting around watching TV, think of it more like a bunch of people having a chat while a TV plays in the background
Holy shit, so that's what psi means
Could be bats
Have you tried asking the other friend if they can explain?
Letting someone live out their natural life
Surely you mean wary
Don't worry, maybe you're his pet
What do you mean, say goodbye to people?
I think it's just Scots
Has a Rick and Morty vibe to it
&gt; Get motivated! 8)
Will Will Smith's smiths smith Will Smith?
And after that be sure not to watch White House Down
There's more than one way to use the word "believe"
&gt;are you being fr What was she going to type here?
Oh lol okay
What about leap years?
so how'd it go?
I feel like people missed the "attitude" in your comment
I feel like everyone's missed your point but unfortunately I don't know why it's like this
It combines the emphasis of the exclamation mark with the "trailing off" of the ellipsis
Don't do anything rash
&gt;religious hmm
How come?
\&gt;the guy with the ribbon
11 &amp; -1
Twice the falls, double the concussion
I may be being dumb but I can't understand this comment for the life of me
Third time this year? I know they say practice makes perfect, but maybe you should find another hobby
This is something that gets me. I'm terrified to call anyone I know a good friend, let alone a best friend, because I know they will never care about me as much as I do about them
I don't understand
The joke leads you to believe the straight-F student bucked up his ideas and became a surgeon, then reveals he did actually just become a loser
I should get ahead of this pun train
Ah I'm sure you'll get used to it
&gt;57
Nice username
Quite often I feel an overwhelming urge to go through every person on my phone and text them "sorry". I don't even know what I'd say when they asked me why I was apologising
15 rugs x 15 rugs
Only five?
I could've sworn "gotten" was British and "got" was American
At least you have a PA system
First time?
I always thought log was on your back
How on earth do you get an average from only one week?
County?
Implying anyone would visit me of their own accord
I think it's talking about the charger port which is at the bottom of some phones. So you don't look through it, just 'from' it
**Decreasing** Last 19 years
What did you use to have?
They're not the same. Quite a few of the posts on /r/mlem/ are misplaced - bleps are when the tongue sticks out idly, mlems are when the animal licks its nose
Politics is for droids
Lol no you don't
They don't just leave secret government documents lying on an office desk somewhere
He's probably a sergeant who would rather not put his squadmates in danger
Yeah, /pol/ will do that to you
The fear of failing is the only thing holding me back now; I've come to terms with everything else. It doesn't help that my chosen method is physical trauma... I can scarcely imagine waking up in hospital afterwards, finding out I've paralysed myself or lost limbs, and then having to deal with my family having to deal with what's left of me. And the worst part is I wouldn't be able to put things right by successfully killing myself afterwards
Are you looking for c&amp;c?
I don't remember
Isn't it summer yet? Lol
[It took me a sec to realise what was going on](http://i.imgur.com/hGLvH4n.png)
good post tbh fam
2 weeks? Last time I did this it was for 3 months
No, really
I can, with the wonders of maladaptive daydreaming!
