Yeah but how did you get into that position in the first place?
Right, but while all this shit was going down, they just decide to move into an expensive apartment in one of the most expensive cities in the country?
The road signage trailer has Michigan plates. So it's Michigan.
Again, the road sign there in the first picture, upper left, has Michigan plates.....
So they could move back in with their parents to save up some cash before they move somewhere more affordable?
Clearly the only solution is just to be broke forever in SF.
Also Thurs-Saturday is a massive [Country on the River](https://countryontheriveriowa.com/) concert lineup.
Trapped, yet unwilling to try and get out of the situation.
ONR is underrated
Deer are a problem in maryland because of their liberal politicians.
You seriously need a security consultant (+ audit) and leadership buy-in. Might be easiest to convince leadership to put up for a complete infosec/physical security audit, and then once they see all of the glaring holes they may be willing to put up the money to fix the problems.
As someone from NE this doesn't surprise me at all. What's strange is when I'm traveling and people ask "Nebraska, isn't it cold there?" I'm like yes, it's cold there, in the winter. And it's hot in the summer. We call these "seasons".
I'll take 125 in Afghanistan over 90 in Nebraska any day. The humidity kills.
Google it, there's a lot of aftermarket shades out there. Or for those who don't give a fuck about what other people think, [there's this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31H5umO0eRL.jpg).
You wanna know what our trick was? Our doctor made us do this. Give the kid a bottle, and then just lay him in the crib and walk away. We used to rock him to bed and we were idiots because we conditioned him to need to be rocked. After we started just laying him to bed immediately after the bottle, no rocking, he would cry for 5 minutes then give up and go to bed. He's over a year old now and he's been sleeping great ever since.
Explain companies like Tesla.
A majority of the feds I know are republican.
You're right dude, all these farmers are just willingly eroding their own land like idiots. No.
Dude, you're right. You're a random redditor and you know more about farming than farmers do.
Can confirm from Nebraska. Once you get into a town smaller than 50k people there's only going to be one or two places to work out. Any smaller than 10k or so, the only gym in town is at the school.
Ice cream isn't dairy?
That wheat lobby game was strong back then.
Have you heard of /r/keto ?
I just saw that too, however, I thought to myself good for them. They're not selling some bullshit meal plan. They're selling the simplicity of identifying portion sizes for different foods, and letting you do the shopping on your own. In every thread like this, there's always someone saying they never learned portion sizes until recently.
It's a lot easier to avoid that candybar than it is to run a mile or two.
And those people can do the math. 150 calories per serving * 3 servings per container = 450 calories per container. You all are delirious if you think an extra number on the label is going to solve our country's obesity epidemic.
God knows this would only accelerate the grocery shrink ray effect. Choose our product, it has 100 calories less per package than the competitor!* *Our package is 10 oz less for the same price.
Her goal is commendable. The implementation, however, was horrid.
Didn't that jamie oliver already basically debunk this?
The whole food desert thing has already been debunked. And guess what, even if all you had was junk food, but you only ate 1500 calories of junk food a day, you wouldn't be overweight! You can "look" healthy by eating nothing but little debbies or mcdonalds or whatever.
&gt;If you've got a BMI of 30+, you're almost certainly fat. Right, almost certainly. Unless you're muscular at all. BMI only looks at height and weight, and muscle is heavy. Think of the average NFL running back. Those guys aren't fat, but they're "obese" according to BMI. Really every conversation mentioning BMI should switch to body fat %.
Building more muscle results in burning more calories. more muscle from weight lifting makes your cardio more efficient. But really, they could be swapped. Either is better than nothing.
Right, when I shop for BBQ sauce the first and second ingredients better be ketchup or molasses. But really, any bbq sauce is going to be big on sugar...that's what it is.
meat doesn't even need to be lean. where did this idea come from? lean meat is just as idiotic as fat free yogurt.
Tuxes don't fit your body that tightly man, wth.
I don't follow. They made the dress too big for your boobs, therefore is was too tight?
Right but they're [not to this level yet](http://www.ca-bridal.com/images/prom-dresses/weekly-deal-bridesmaid-dress-2012-012.jpg) where you have to watch your figure for three months.
Yeah totally agree. Somebody's buying it tho. People are idiots.
I would argue that whole grains that convert to sugar in your body, covered by more sugar, is still mainly junk.
Yeah, it should be. It'd be weird for it to be anything else.
As opposed to the alternative liberal train of thought where each and every problem should be forcefully solved by the federal government. The best solution is somewhere in the middle.
&gt;it is an approach that produces a health care system now ranking 37th in the world, below many third world nations But by what metrics? Because as far as I can tell, if I want the newest, latest, best treatment for my rare disease, I want to be going to an American hospital. As an example, just recently with the ebola outbreaks those people are being sent to my hometown of Omaha for treatment.
Two Rivers SRA is good. Check the Nebraska Game and Parks site for a complete list of all fishing lakes.
Big surprise, yet another redditor who doesn't think reddit leans left. Everyone in here is saying ricketts is an idiot, a fuckwit, a tool, whatever, but nobody is backing up these statements. How did you come to this conclusion? Oh, he's a republican, therefore he doesn't hold liberal values, therefore he's an idiot and a tool? Astute analysis there. I mean, I don't even vote anymore because everything pisses me off, but when I see people so vehemently against somebody, I'd at least expect to see a few reasons to justify why. But I don't, and I never do. So I stand by my elementary assumption that we all should hate him because he's rich and has an R next to his name.
Think about what you're saying though. Even when wal-mart is "doing the right thing" by having paid check out folks and self-checkouts, **the customers are still choosing** the self checkouts over the employees.
You're being a bit ridiculous here, don't you think? This is a company with billions of dollars on the line to make sure these systems work right. Redundancy, safe fail overs, backups, etc. This isn't some unsolvable problem. Computers put robots on mars, control satellites, ships, rockets, drones, nuclear power stations, etc. I think we've advanced to the point where we can engineer a computer system to reliably take a fucking order at McDonald's.
If you were to walk into the ER in the US with ebola, you'd get treated just like that Doctor did. Not saying our system is good for the poor, but if you have cancer or ebola or whatever, you're going to be cared for. The real problem is the lack of preventative care.
Well you have to pay for Obamacare now, so how's that working out for you?
Ok, now back to the real world.
No, I don't. I'm almost certain that the latest medical research and breakthroughs quite consistently come from the US. I'm open to being proven wrong though.
I know, we should make the taxpayers cover your problems instead.
I remember growing up and my parents would always blindside me when we needed to leave or it was time for bed and I hated it. However I distinctly remember when I was being a brat my dad would always ask "Do you want a spankin now or later?" I would always say "later...." and then I'd start acting better and "later" rarely came. I have a toddler now and I plan on doing the same. It works!
Which strangely enough this same system is used in marketing and sales. When you buy any major item there's always the cheap shitty option, then the better option that is 1.6x the price of the cheap option, and then the best option that is 1.8x the price of the cheap option. This works for everything from household appliances to carpet to beds to vehicles. Even french fries at mickey d's.
&gt;The US system kills more people that any war the US is waging right now. What? Sauce me bro.
That sucks, they should develop some kind of "patching" process or something to fix those things!
Fuck, you're right. Nobody is ripped and has a high BMI.
No it doesn't, bmi only goes by height and weight.
I guess my friends and are I that grew up playing football are just anomalies. I don't think the numbers you cite are rare for football players (non-linemen), especially at the college and pro levels.
Protip: If you don't want your employer seeing it, don't do it on the employer's network. Bonus protip: Don't meet your weedman in the police parking lot. Both tips are quite similar.
Sure, but if you're an employee doing this, you're going to no longer be an employee.
Do any of you actually research into *why* certain foods ever became subsidized before you open your mouths?
Corn can be a fruit, a vegetable, and/or a grain, depending on it's variety and growth stage; and depending on what part of the plant you are referring to. Just one example of the arguments for all three. http://empirezone.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/06/11/corn-vegetable-fruit-or-grain/?_r=0
And something like 80% of more of those "farm subsidies" are for the food stamp program.
We do subsidize demand. Something like 80% of "farm subsidies" go to the USDA food stamp program. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/ I wish more people knew what they were talking about before criticizing that which they are ignorant of.
Except a hurricane you know it's coming days in advance.
Yeah, I've only ever worked in one of those categories you listed so I don't know any different. We've got lots of countermeasures in place to stop your attack there at various points but I'm sure in 95%+ networks your methods would be successful. I'm not sure what you're getting at concerning the DNS queries though.
&gt;No one calls those farm subsidies, they are just in a farm Bill. Bullshit, 99.9% of people referring to the farm subsidies are referring to the total farm bill, and are ignorant of what's actually in it. &gt;I never said we didnt subsidize demand, I advocated subsidizing demand instead of supply. Of course. Please do explain then, why you would advocate for subsidizing demand if you already knew we subsidized demand? &gt;Thus more food stamps, and similar programs for nations with hunger issues. *More* food stamps? It's almost as if you ignored the part where food stamps are the single biggest expense, by far, in the farm bill. How fucking ironic. &gt; My point was supply side subsidies were bad Ok, then prove your point. Because you haven't yet. &gt;You were the one who spoke out of your ass. TIL coming in here with "facts" and "citations" equals speaking out of my ass. We can only pray I will ever correct the err in my ways.
Ok, I didn't know what you were referring to there initially. Yes, you can use DNS as a covert channel.
My biggest problem is the search function only provides links to conversations that happened *in the past*. Many times the OP is in search of current answers.
It wasn't this way until recently. There's no use making fun of a car that has 300+ hp, I don't care if it's a 4 cylinder or a fucking go kart at this point.
I look at them like the old eclipse.
Huh, I guess I don't really pay attention to it until the national news forces me too. I just find it strange when people think they can compare a hurricane to a tornado.
My mom always said "I'm your mom, not your friend".
What's different about the southeast than the rest of the US that justifies putting a trash can in the bedroom?
Not in the metal can you don't.
There is. Now all we get is politicians who are already personally rich.
Fuck yeah! Now nobody can compete with the wealthy candidates like Donald Trump!
Yeah, people should totally just assume you're having problems!
I don't understand why we're encouraging shaming of people who are just being friendly?
Trades: A viable alternative to college.
dafuq? People have both of them but don't understand them?
Don't forget to simply define for them what an asset is and what a liability is. Such a simple concept. Asset puts money in your pocket, liability takes money out. Your new Jordans, Xbox One, car. All liabilities.
I'm sorry but this is absolutely idiotic. Even in the midwest $38k is not a lot of money. You're setting yourself up for failure and disappointment.
Yeah, they're quite different, that was my point. At least with a hurricane you have plenty of advance warning in order to GTFO.
Nope. Do some real research on how these subsidies came into existence. In addition, do some research how biofuels are made. And 80% of farm subsidies go directly to food stamps.
I'll have to look into how to do that. I've been working on doing more repairs as time goes on. I was thinking about junking it soon but I guess if it's something easy like that then I'll hang on to it.
Research how subsidies came to be. They haven't been around forever, so why do we have them now? Also understand how ethanol is made from corn, and what type of corn is used for it, and what parts of the corn are used for it. What would be done with this corn otherwise? Everything is so much more complex than you appear to understand. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/
My God, totally forgot about that one.
Are you a cradle robber?
That's what I figured. Everyone wants to make it more complicated than that.
I'm clueless as to why you say this. Perhaps I'm just too young.
If animals eat the corn, and then we eat the animals, does that count as food?
That's because Kroger is expensive too. Eye opening news I know.
My favorite is when people want grass fed ribeye. That's how you know someone is an idiot. The same with ordering ribeye well done.
Depends where you live of course. When I was out east, Kroger and Safeway and Giant were expensive. Here in Omaha we have Baker's (Kroger) which is expensive here too. But we have a place called Hy-Vee which is based out of Iowa, and it's super affordable and yet has all the benefits of the other more expensive places. Hy-Vee seriously kicks the shit out of any other place I've been to. We also have Super Wal-Marts and Targets with groceries that are competitive too. The Wal-Marts here are nice, clean, and well-kept. I had always wondered why they had a bad reputation, but after traveling to some other parts of the country I understand.
Thanks. I found an eric the car guy video for it, I'll start there. Someone else suggested a thermostat, I should check that too.
Which came first, corn as feed, or corn subsidies? Additionally, we should gain some knowledge on additional reasons to feed corn to cattle. Here in Nebraska, we're proud of our "corn fed beef". Contrary to ignorant belief, cattle are not fed corn their entire lives. Most cattle graze for most of their lives, and are sent to a feed lot to be finished on corn before slaughter. Finishing on corn adds additional marbling, aka flavor, which is exactly what customers want in their beef. In fact, a basic education in the USDA grading system tells us that more marbling results in a higher grade of beef. It's a win win. Corn is an affordable cattle feed and also results better tasting, higher grade beef. And no, corn as feed isn't "more profitable", because the savings are passed on to the consumer.
&gt;Direct injection is great for fuel economy but terrible for carbon buildup. Right. I'm looking at getting a 2016 tacoma and I was surprised when they announced that the engine would have both port and direct injection. I thought surely they must know what they're doing...and this is why. Direct injection for when it's needed but port injection too deal with the carbon buildup. I will never buy anything other than a Toyota or Honda from now on.
Some good templates for some of these are available here: https://www.sans.org/security-resources/policies/ /u/Rehendril
Judges are infallible I guess.
They're all on the same team aren't they? I don't see a difference at this point.
You guys act like the entire justice system is flawless. You're so busy defending your profession that you'll never admit that maybe some things should be improved.
Again, don't buy from companies that don't voluntarily label.
You're now demanding that people respect the Stanford band which does nothing but make fun of everyone?
What if you understand it and still find it childish? This is what I'd expect a bunch on unsupervised 5th graders to come up with.
So because its accurate it's acceptable? Can we start joking about black on black crime and low iq now?
But that's too obvious. I thought you said they were doing next level stuff.
That doesn't make it an less classless. I'm surprised that any institution of upper education would allow such a group to repeatedly tarnish it's name. What an embarrassment.
That's the biggest thing to me. If the Iowa band did this the Stanford band would suddenly and loudly show their hypocrisy. Nevermind iowa being one of the first states to legalize gay marriage.
You could have just as easily moved to Omaha or Des Moines or some other locale with greater potential elsewhere along the way as you did to Detroit, unless you're staying with friends and family or some other circumstances. Good luck on your bootcamp. I just question the logic.
&gt;What if I can only afford the cheapest available? Then you can't afford to be too picky then, can you? Beggars can't be choosers. Ever heard that one? You're already misinformed if you think there's any reason you need to be choosing organic. Don't worry, I hear where you're coming from. I'd love to have a brand new subaru wrx sti but I guess my tastes are simply too expensive compared to my bank account. &gt;Capitalism doesn't fix everything. I just explained to you how capitalism solves the problem. If consumers demand the information, a company that wants the money from those consumers will voluntarily label to get their dollars. I could understand moreso if this was a case where there were severe consequences for choosing meats from different countries, such as meat containing lead or something ridiculous, but that's not the case here at all. You're just demanding regulation for your own feelings, regulation that really doesn't meet any need at all. I totally support country origin labeling, but I disagree in forcing it via law for the same reason I'm against forcing GMO labeling via law. You know all those packages that say contains no-gmo's on them? That's voluntary labeling. That's the market, capitalistic solution at play and it works. The ignorant brainwashed dumbasses who think GMO's are bad for them can freely give their dollars to the companies who want to put that information on the box. Do the same for country of origin labeling.
Did I claim driving was a right? &gt;That reasonable suspicion is driving on a holiday associated with drinking past a certain time through a marked and announced checkpoint on a public road. Source? &gt;You should specifically appeal to the 4th Amendment (and still be incorrect) Is that incorrect? According to what? Michigan Department of State Police v. Sitz? What about Delaware v. Prouse? Basically all they said was the 4th amendment isn't an issue in the Sitz case because drunk driving is a significant problem. That's one of a hell of a slippery slope there. The 4th amendment no longer applies once some type of activity becomes some level of a public problem? In Delaware v Prouse, unlicensed driving isn't as big of a societal problem so now random checkpoints to check for this issue aren't enough to warrant violation the 4th amendment. &gt;Instead I suppose you could say it's unreasonable to seize someone, even briefly, to see if they're following the rules to which they agreed in order to be licensed to drive on public roads. Yep, just like Delaware v Prouse determined.
I'm totally cool with my tax dollars going to birth control as well. But not planned parenthood.
Wait, we're literally giving away guns now? Where do I sign up?
So if I make a million and spend $450k a year on housing what assistance do I qualify for?
So why do employees voluntarily do exactly that so often?
The problem with this logic is the assumption that even the worst employees provide enough value to justify being paid such an amount.
Handplanting rows of corn. Old jobs are replaced and new jobs are created.
Isn't this why we have tax payer supported libraries and free grade school education?
I believe you may find yourself uninformed on the first part of your comment but best of luck to you.
&gt;No, you vaguely appealed, as I read it. I specified that. I apologize if I mistook what you were claiming. The right I was referring to was the right to not be unreasonably searched just for driving down the wrong street at the wrong time. The entire point of the 4th amendment. &gt;Source that they're announced? No. Source for: &gt;That reasonable suspicion is driving on a holiday associated with drinking past a certain time through a marked and announced checkpoint on a public road. . &gt;Despite finding that roadblocks did meet the Fourth Amendment’s definition of an unreasonable seizure So then I was in fact correct when you claimed: &gt;You should specifically appeal to the 4th Amendment (and still be incorrect) . and yet throughout this entire comment section, cops are completely 100% justifying the use of checkpoints as if they aren't at all questionable and anyone who might have a problem with checkpoints are to be held in the same regard as those who deny the legitimacy of the government's authority over them. &gt; I'm not sure what point you're making here. Sorry, that was poorly worded on my part. &gt;The Supreme Court determined it's a state's right. But it wouldn't be a state's right if we focused on the fact that "Despite finding that roadblocks did meet the Fourth Amendment’s definition of an unreasonable seizure", since state's are not allowed to trump the federal constitution. Maybe now perhaps you can understand why checkpoints piss me the fuck off. SCOTUS itself said they're a violation of the 4th amendment but basically finished it with "too bad, so sad". The founders would be fucking pissed if they knew their constitution and the bill of rights were so twisted now. I visit this sub because of my interest in the law and it's horrifying to find so many folks who are supposed to be just and moral who hold such contempt for the regular American citizen. It seems that the constitution is nothing but an annoyance for some LEO's. I find little reason to believe otherwise as I peruse this sub on a regular basis.
If you hold the opinion that most people are victims of something or another, we will likely disagree on quite a bit.
Not bad at all, very similar situation here. Real estate is probably cheaper in Detroit than Omaha, but Omaha is by no means bad at all. If you ever want a change you should consider us here a little further south.
&gt;I disagree because I think it leads to a society where people with money are the only ones who really get transparency. How so? With what I proposed, everyone would be affected equally. Perhaps you're assuming that only the more expensive products will include country of origin labeling but I'm not sure that there's any factual basis for making such an assumption. I don't hold my stance to "favor the rich" or anything, I simply don't see the need to require labels by law and you've done nothing to convince me why such a need exists beyond the generic argument that they should have to give more information about what they're selling. What do you personally gain by knowing which country your meat comes from? I'm sure we disagree overall, but I'd be interested to hear your answers to my questions although I'm not sure you have answers. In that case, maybe you can see where I'm coming from in that there's little to no reason to justify a federal law for something you can't justify.
Here on reddit, whenever I hear "women's health" or "women's rights" or "accessible birth control" I just assume the other person is talking specifically about federal funding of planned parenthood. In turn, the other person always assumes that since I'm against specifically the federal tax dollar funding of a non-government organization named planned parenthood, that I also hate women and I'm a religious fundamentalist that is against birth control.
Abortion isn't a needed service.
&gt;By your simplistic claims, we should be able to raise the minimum wage to any height, and have no ill effects. Do you really claim that is true? If not, at what point do you think what bad effects would happen, and why do those not happen at each increase?
How? The government doesn't let regular guys like /u/Frostiken access NICS to do so. Why isn't Obama giving us NICS access as part of his executive order?
What makes him a sleazeball?
It's still happening now.
Exactly. And all the extra costs that go into women's health, but women don't pay more than men do for healthcare because that's unfair. But it's totally fair that women pay less for auto insurance because they are safer drivers.
Plus the wolves can kill cattle, costing thousands to farmers and ranchers for each livestock that is taken by wolves. I don't see how people are arguing that there's any benefit to introducing more wolves.
What misinformation? Wolves kill deer and livestock and cost farmers and ranchers thousands of dollars while concurrently leaving less deer for hunters.
I've never heard of anyone doing this. Are you against private gun sales? I can't understand how allowing private access to NICS isn't supported by both sides of the issue.
Wow, I expect better journalism from popular science. It's just a bunch of name calling and finger pointing. Writing like this isn't going to convince anyone to switch sides.
&gt;and not having people around to help you out or protect you if someone wanted to hurt you or steal your things Maybe you understand now why people in rural areas are pro-gun? &gt;there are still places that can still be like the Wild West in a way. That's an exaggeration. These aren't lawless areas.
&gt;and not so many neighbors to pitch in if you need it Quality &gt; Quantity. I'll take 1-3 neighbors who would help with a phone call over having a heart attack in the middle of NYC and everyone getting the bystander effect.
Can anyone explain why this has so many downvotes?
&gt;Shots were fired, and the sheriff came to investigate. Yeah, because that's certainly the norm.
You know this because of your ONE SINGLE anecdote.
&gt;Does that include things like concealed-carry Yes &gt;and the people that argue that fully automatic weapons should be legal Haven't seen many people argue for that, but that's not for personal defense or hunting, that's for resistance to tyranny. &gt;Need some gasoline refined from crude oil? Got a neighbour for that. Need some oil for your engine? Got a neighbour for that. Need some propane for heating? Got a neighbour for that. /s So edgy.
Good point.
Look up guys like Colion Noir. If you think the NRA is racist you're misinformed.
Explain why I should spend more money on meat and what concerns I should have with country of origin assuming it passes USDA inspection and is correctly graded?
&gt;A: it tastes leaps and bounds better. It isn't comparable, it is that much better. An improvable assertion. &gt;It is only high quality product. That's what the USDA grading system is for. &gt;You know exactly what you are getting every single time. I know what I'm getting at the grocery store too. &gt;If you ever have a question (what cut do I need to cook x?), you have a well trained expert answering instead of some random stranger in a supermarket. You guys are seriously deprived by your grocery stores. You need a hy-vee or a fareway or something.
I have no problem with those services. I have a problem with abortion, and I have a problem with a private organization like planned parenthood receiving a shitload of tax dollars.
Who is taking your choice away?
I live in an urban area. There are murders or at least gunfire on a daily basis in one part of my city. Can't say the same, not even close, for the small towns out west.
Does the USDA not inspect meat that comes over from China?
Most honest commie I've ever come across.
Which small towns have gun crime problems regardless of root cause?
Sounds like you all should be upset with the WTO more than congress.
If they weren't doing an adequate job, I'd think we'd hear about food poisoning and the like more often.
Why did congress repeal the law?
&gt;The USDA doesn't have the resources to do a thorough, consistent job. How can you prove this statement? It's pretty rare to hear about any food safety problems, and when they do occur they are dealt with swiftly and accurately. Seems to be working.
The site isn't obscure at all.
In what way, specifically, are rural areas like the wild west?
I remember seeing the commercials for that and wanting it so bad.
K.
&gt;As a country we should be funding life saving medical procedures. I agree, folks should be researching life saving medical procedures. It's too bad that instead we're funding procedures that take lives. &gt;Planned Parenthood wouldn't be able to pay their basic bills to stay open so the funds used for abortion would become irrelevant. So you admit then that the taxpayer dollars help provide abortions. Thank you. Why do not promote birth control instead of abortion? It's 2016, we have many, many good preventative options to choose from that are much better alternatives and get rid of the "death sentence" risk you speak of.
&gt;Planned Parenthood saves countless lives with the other services they provide. Great, let them do that, and privately funded. Sounds good to me. &gt;lso who do you think is going, "oh I don't feel like using a condom I'll just get an abortion later." Seems like a lot of people here on reddit have that exact mindset. I'd love to think otherwise but this site has made my cynical. People sure fight awfully hard to keep something so widely available and easily accessible which they themselves claim should be a "rare" procedure. &gt;People make mistakes And should deal with them. &gt;sometimes birth control just fails despite perfect use Isn't the pill 99.99% effective? What percentage of abortions are due to failed birth control? &gt;My friend was on the pill when she got pregnant. If I believed it every time i heard this claim, I'd have to believe the pill was less than 50% effective.
&gt;The pill is 80-90% effective with typical use Where does the 99.9% rate come from that I see so often in the commercials and online? &gt;getting an abortion is dealing with the consequences of one's actions. ...Or, ya know, having the child. &gt;You think permanent disfigurement or death is a proper punishment for forgetting to take a pill on time? You think death of the child is proper punishment for a mistake of the parent? &gt;Also why are you so hell bent on punishing women for having sex lol. Where did I say that? I like sex. &gt;The UN classifies forcing a woman to carry a pregnancy to term as a form of torture, something that should never be acceptable in any country let alone a first world country. Rape is the only way you can force a woman to get pregnant against her will. I'm certainly against rape. &gt;deserved to die because she had sex and was unlucky enough to get pregnant from it? I didn't say she deserved to die. Now why do you think her child deserves to die? If it was my wife, she'd have the kid instead of wanting an abortion. I'd assume my daughter would do the same. &gt;If your 17 year old daughter died in childbirth would you stand up at her funeral and say she deserved it, that she had to deal with the consequences of her actions? I wouldn't condemn her for anything. But I would be very disappointed if she chose abortion. You haven't yet it made it clear if your friend wanted an abortion and didn't get one, and then ironically died during childbirth; or if your friend was going through the full pregnancy without any plans to get an abortion and then died during childbirth. I would support abortion only in cases of rape or safety of the mother. I don't support abortion because you suck at birth control, or because it's simply an inconvenience to you to have a child.
&gt;The "child" deserves to die because is causing physical harm to the mother. Yeah, I'm gonna disagree there. &gt;You said women need to deal with the consequences of their actions (having sex) that means you want women to be punished for having sex. Having a child isn't a punishment. &gt;Consenting to sex =/= consenting to getting pregnant Disagree in general. Obviously there is a risk of pregnancy involved. You may not consent to pregnancy, but you have to consent to the chance that a pregnancy may occur. That's the risk you take. Here in the real world, choices have consequences, and those consequences can be unintended and unwanted. Too bad. &gt;also consent can be revoked at any time which means even if a woman gets pregnant on purpose she has the right to change her mind LOL. Fucking no. I'm not sure we could possibly disagree any more on this. Frankly, there's nothing at all you could say that would convince me that killing your own children is ever ok. Your justification for such is embarrassing. Why you care so strongly about the mother's rights but not the child's rights is a mystery to me. Perhaps it is only a means to the end for you. You want access to abortion, therefore you are willing to ignore the rights and life of the child for your own convenience. It's 2016. Science has given us amazing birth control solutions. Use them. What hell do you speak of? You think God will put someone in hell for trying to save the life of an unborn child? There's nothing in the Bible that would support your claim. &gt;She then died in childbirth when she started bleeding out. That's not the fault of the parents. It's unfortunate, but it's certainly not their fault. The risk of childbirth and the availability of abortion are two separate issues anyways.
Most of us would be put in jail and have to post bail to return to work while waiting for trial. That's assuming we don't lose our jobs immediately.
Because their state doesn't have a waiting period. Most states don't as far as I'm aware.
Most gun show dealers are FFL's so the same process would apply. The same-day purchase or wait to purchase depends on the state law. Private gun transfers from individual to individual don't and *can't* require a background check because the government doesn't allow individuals to access NICS to perform the check in the first place.
The law says you can't sell to a known felon or someone whom you know or suspect otherwise may not be permitted to purchase a gun. The only way to know for sure is to do the sale through an FFL. It's too bad the feds won't let us access NICS for private gun sales. Every private sale I've done has required the county handgun purchase permit or state CCW permit, both of which prove the person passed a background check.
They're referring to their God given right to self defense. The gun is just the tool used.
TIL we have a God given right to sudafed.
But dat's sexist!
And 1500+ other people upvoted it.
We acknowledge that it's a problem. But background checks on *legal gun owners* isn't the solution. The people killing each other don't buy guns legally. Crazy, I know. You know what's already illegal, and is a good gun safety law? Straw purchasing is illegal. They should throw the book at people who straw purchase guns. But no, they don't. Here in Omaha a cop was killed last year and the straw purchaser was given a year of PROBATION. That's part of the fucking problem right there. This is why gun advocates say we need to enforce the laws we already have on the books. So don't sit here and act like we "need to do something" as if we aren't doing anything already. We just need to do what we're already doing...but actually fucking do it.
So give private citizens access to NICS so they can run background checks for private sales. There's you solution. Why don't you see any politicians or even other citizens pushing for such an easy solution?
Do you know what deterrence means? By simply having a gun and nothing more, it serves as a deterrent. There's one example of using a gun without even taking it out of the safe.
So just because we're seizing less math labs means there are less meth labs to seize? Correct me if I'm wrong.
Go back to huffpo.
Vehicle ownership is not guaranteed by our constitution.
This is identical to, at least where I live, you can go to the county and get a background check and a gun purchase permit. Then you just show the permit whenever you want to buy a gun to avoid running another background check. The same goes for showing a concealed carry permit. But now the government knows I own or am at least seeking to own a gun. A lot of people are not ok with this.
The problem with background checks is that they don't actually solve any problem. You're just confirming that a law abiding citizen is still law abiding. I'm not necessarily against them, but I'm not disillusioned by their effectiveness of actually solving any problem at all. &gt;I just never understood how people could claim a background check in and of itself was unconstitutional and violated rights to own a gun. Would you be in favor of instituting a similar check or training test before someone can practice their 1st, 4th, or 5th amendment rights? How about before voting? I doubt it. There's a difference between a right and a privilege. Gun ownership is a right.
&gt;They keep people who legally should not (felons, violent criminals, and people on probation) from buying then and I have no problem with that. But they don't do that at all.
Let em. They can give up theirs if they want, but don't drag me down with em.
Where's the mass of law abiding gun owners committing gun violence?
Because those suicides would never have been carried out without access to guns, right?
NICS is literally a form on the internet. Fail on your part.
But everybody likes when somebody else is paying taxes.
&gt;Background checks in theory prevent known criminals from getting guns. It only stops them from buying guns legally from a business or responsible gun seller. It does nothing to stop them from buying guns on the black market or from straw purchasers who break the law themselves. You might as well say that prohibition works. We don't know if background checks work because we haven't tried background checks?
Sure it does. If you know 50% of the households in your city, county, or state have guns, are you going to risk your life finding out if this one particular house has one or not? I don't think you know what deterrence means.
I clearly stated the problem above. The government won't let private citizens access NICS to they can run background checks for private gun sales.
Background checks work a very, very tiny percentage of the time. It would not be possible to get the data to see how many people try to buy a gun legally, are denied by NICS, and then acquire a gun illegally via straw purchaser, on the blackmarket, or from an innocent gun owner unknowingly selling to someone they shouldn't be.
&gt;Yes, though this is historically difficult to nail down because of the high number of factors that contribute to incidence of suicide, many of which have cultural or geographic components that make international comparisons challenging. Right, so convince me that the availability of guns actually increases the instances of successful suicides. Show me the research? Even if what you said is demonstrably and unarguably true, it can only be used to argue that we should restrict gun access from suicidal individuals and nothing more. Which sounds good in theory, but in reality, who gets to decide who we take the guns from?
Now imagine how much the politicians aren't reading before they vote yay.
The us constitution has within it a process for changing it. We just can't agree on enough to make any changes.
This is what I always ask. Why is the ROE in a fricking war zone against ENEMY COMBATANTS more strict than the police ROE when dealing with AMERICAN CITIZENS?
There should be so such thing as a union for public employees. You work for the people.
If cops call us civilians as if they themselves are non-civilians, then they should be held to the UCMJ as if they are truly non-civilians.
Right. I love how we treat enemy combatants with more restraint than we do our own american citizens.
WHAT THE FUCK. Seriously. As a gun owner and CCW holder, WHAT THE FUCK. This is my fuckin nightmare.
Bystanders can be bribed to be witnesses in favor of the cops.
Well, they're right. It's still someone driving like a douche.
That's a gamble I'm not willing to take. They aren't there to bake me cookies and sing me a song. What would a cop do? They'd light em up without even thinking twice.
&gt;and the cost to live Some people consider this part of their budget to include eating out all the time, luxury cars, and other expensive hobbies.
Works fine with ublock origin.
I'm not sure how that's relevant anyways.
What I should have said is that the cop should be charged with something regardless of whether or not the man died. It shouldn't require the death of the victim to make something happen.
Is there any state other than Florida where a warning shot is legal?
My comment was made with the knowledge that most redditors are young and single. You're correct otherwise, but moving really isn't that expensive it just takes planning and budgeting. Selling a house and buying another certainly takes patience and maybe some unplanned expenses.
I have a family and I'm a homeowner. I'm not sure what point you think you're making.
Believe it or not, there was a time when I wasn't married and wasn't a homeowner.
bogleheads guide to investing.
You could just put all of it into something like VTSAX and call it a day. Withdraw 4% a year at most to live off of and the principal should stay relatively steady over time. If you never touch it and just keep reinvesting dividends, your money will nearly double every ten years.
I don't even know what the big 4 are.
A trust isn't an account where you keep money.
&gt;But no, Syrian refugees are the problem. They're *all* a problem. Equally.
If there were literally hundreds of them and they were literally physically touching groups of women who didn't want it? ...yeah, they'd be shot. Think Texas and other states in the middle of the country.
They aren't afraid to die. How do you instill fear or discipline into a religion/culture/group of people who want to die for their cause?
The government will punish the groups that beat up the muslims for being intolerant, racist, etc. The liberals will publicly denounce their bigotry and welcome the peaceful moderate Muslims to society.
You chose to live there.
Aren't you all unarmed over there in Europe?
The middle east is a fucking utopia of freedom, opportunity, success, and education. The beaming pride of the whole world as it stands tall, a model for the wonders of the human achievement never to be outdone as centuries pass. No. These people are fucking barbaric idiots who follow a false prophet. They rape and murder any non-muslim female they come across in the name of their Allah, yet here you are sticking up for them like a fucking brainwashed liberal. May your mother, sisters, and daughters be fortunate enough to never be given that which is due to them in accordance with Mohammed's teachings and the Quran.
What do you do that's so specialized that there is only one job for you in the entire country?
Obviously if you're living paycheck to paycheck you should continue to rent. You're living on the edge as it is. But if you've got the money and you don't plan on moving in 5 years, you should consider buying a home and keeping the money in your own pocket. Obviously, buy a house that's below your means so all expenses related to the home don't even come close to your income. Shoot for 15-25% of your take home income towards your home and you'll be fine. Basically 1 week's take home pay going to your mortgage, insurance, taxes, and repair fund.
Values inflate due to demand. If you consider all home buyers to be investors, then your statement is correct.
It's intolerant because we have to show these folks how loving and accepting we are. Being born in a 3rd world country with no money and no comprehension of a functioning society and no understanding of the english language is no reason to deny someone the opportunity that exists in our wealthy first world countries. We have unlimited resources, land, and money. There's no reason we can't share all of it peacefully! /s Everything you said is correct, but folks on the left will find it offensive.
I couldn't help but notice that you didn't actually respond directly to anything I said. If you're an American, please educate yourself.
&gt;If I had 200m I'd just open a family office whose sole purpose it is to manage the investment and growth of my pool of capital. But you can't grow money like that the same way you do an IRA, because taxes, cost of continuing lifestyle, transaction fees, even trade execution Exactly. All of these expenses would really eat into your capital. That's why I'd have it sitting in VTSAX with a super low expense ratio. You'll be chasing gains, paying salaries, paying for a building and utilities and taxes on each investment change you make while my money will just be sitting in the entire stock market index, not doing anything to add any additional costs beyond the expense ratio. And yes, I would literally keep it all in the equities asset class. The entire purpose of holding bonds or real estate is to try and ensure your money never goes beyond a bottom threshold where you have to start selling assets to survive. You need to maintain your principal. The entire point of putting it in equities and withdrawing just 4% a year AT MOST is because historically this withdrawal rate will not deplete your principal. The market could drop 75% for a year or two and I'd still have 25mil in the market, giving me $1 mil a year to live off of at the very least. But when the market goes up 6-9% a year, that 4% withdrawal rate gives me around $8 mil a year to spend...something that I'd never be able to do year after year. Then I can put it in control of a trust so my kids and grandkids will have perpetual money, likely set at a withdrawal rate max of just 2-3% a year for each of them to ensure principal is always maintained. The extremely broad VTSAX index will always be around unless the US collapses or the US dollar collapses or something which in such case all of this planning is moot anyways. I'm sure any annuity provider would love your purchase. They'll gladly take the interest and fees on the backend, and the remaining amount when you die. Your plan is needlessly complicated and has added unnecessary expenses that any financial services provider would love to assist you with. Not to mention little to no ability to pass on your wealth to the next generation.
If Chris Dorner's claims weren't factual do you think they would've responded the way they did?
The standard reply from any cop is going to be something along the lines of how they weren't there and they don't know all the details. That's it.
Why would I add additional needless risk and expense by leveraging and borrowing? Also your grammar is atrocious and nearly incomprehensible.
But wages and COL also don't move up and down the sliding scale directly with each other either. There are some places where your dollar will go further in regards to COL. I would argue that Omaha and some other midwestern cities fit in this category.
You're right, he did pay for the convenience and time. That's what the extra $2 tip plus delivery charge went to.
Delivering newspapers doesn't pay well at all. Surely there's a better job available somewhere.
For the same reason most of the young single people here on reddit don't know how much daycare costs. Because it doesn't affect them until they get pregnant.
I hear you brother.
What motivation would HR have to hired folks without degrees over those who have them? If I can pay $50k a year and get a PhD over a HS diploma, I'll take the PhD applicant no matter what. These businesses have no motivation at all to change what they're doing.
Consumer reports and customer reviews. I buy better quality products on purpose whenever I can.
I don't know what people are always referring to. I can still change the oil, do the brakes, transmission fluid swap, spark plugs, air filters, all of that myself without ever dealing with a computer other than to reset the oil mileage timer.
Of course they were, how can you blame them? Are they supposed to want to pay more for shittier workers?
I made that much working part time in high school over 10 years ago. I mean honestly, you can do better. I know you're tired of hearing it but seriously.
Exactly. Read a couple books and study up on people skills and you'll be set for life. It's not what you know, it's who you know. One of the truest statements ever.
Nobody is arguing against this.
Don't upset the circle jerk.
You can look up the salary tables for wherever you are. I live in a low population midwest state and most of them are making 40-60k no problem.
If you can't even pay rent you should be eating beans and rice for pennies.
No, just anyone who fits under the category of "these people".
&gt;I guess I understand why he drew his weapon. Can you educate me?
No, I'm just an educated person who knows how to read and write English. Yes, my plan does have risk. I never claimed otherwise. You have yet to explain why any financially educated individual would needlessly borrow and leverage in such a situation.
&gt;The delivery fee doesn't always go to the driver, or at least the whole thing. Right. I never claimed otherwise. That's why there's a $2 tip *in addition to* the delivery fee. &gt;My place has no delivery fee unless you're far away so that means you would tip me four bucks? I would tip between 10-20% of the total receipt. Better yet, they'll have amazon style drones to deliver it and avoid traffic altogether.
I agree. I'm referring sarcastically to people that think that way.
&gt;It's true that they have no reason to change. But at the same time, these practices make the probability of success increasingly distant and unlikely for those moving into the higher education market. Success by what measure? For the individual or for the company? These businesses don't owe prospective employees any favors. &gt;Eventually it will break down to a risk-vs-reward situation where a significant percentage of people will say "Fuck it" and start their own businesses instead of buying diplomas to seek the possibility of employment. We're already seeing that. And even though I'm a crazy right winger, we need single payer healthcare in order to help these folks succeed in such entrepreneurial activities even moreso. Because right now these folks are generally screwed unless their married and their spouse have coverage for them through their employment. I don't see how the businesses would ever need to change in either one of the scenarios you pose. Population isn't shrinking any time soon. Businesses, jobs, and population will continue to expand almost indefinitely.
The value of a human life is anywhere from $7million USD to $9.x million USD. http://www.businessinsider.com/the-epa-has-tabulated-the-value-of-a-human-life-2012-8 http://www.care2.com/causes/epa-puts-the-value-of-human-life-at-9-1-million-fda-says-7-9-million.html
You *have to*. They could make all vehicles cost 6 figures with all of the latest safety tech to try and save as many lives as possible but then nobody would buy them and they would go out of business. There is always a trade off between cost and safety. There's no way around it.
This wasn't "knowingly letting people die". It was a risk one way or another that someday, somewhere, somebody, may or may not die under specific circumstances that have a .000000000x chance of occurring.
Who you charge? No seriously. Which employees of GM do you personally charge?
Multiply a tiny number of odds against a large number of sales and the result is going to be somewhere in the middle...say around 100-150 or so.
I understood you and I'm telling you that nearly every business in the world which makes physical products has to do a cost/benefit vs risk analysis. At some point you have to draw a line at where consumers will no longer buy a product no matter how much safer you can make it. For example, I was looking at the new subaru's. It cost an extra $4500 on top of an already $30k or so vehicle to add the eyesight technology that has two cameras and automatic braking if you're going to run into something. I'm not going to buy a vehicle yet, but if I were, I would NOT spend the extra $4500 for the feature at this point. That's over 10% of the entire vehicle cost to add that little bit of extra safety. I can't justify that cost, even for my own life and family. This isn't evil, it just is. It's something we all consider. If you've ever ridden a bike without a helmet on you've done the same math in your head whether you realize it or not. You accepted the additional risk of riding without a helmet, even though helmets are cheap.
Was there a police chase before the incident? I was under the impression that the cop showed up on the scene after the wreck. The cop didn't know alcohol was involved and had no reason to believe there would be an attempt to evade arrest. If there were a chase then I could understand having the weapon unholstered, but not aimed just because the guy is trying to get out of the vehicle before it starts on fire or something. I have weapons training an a CCW permit. I know the difference between a CO and an LEO. I'm just trying to get some perspective here from cops who are usually apologetic to other cops.
Number 3 highest paid in the nation in Palo Alto. http://www.topmastersineducation.com/school-districts-with-highest-average-teacher-salary/ TIL.
&gt;You're just a cheap asshole who has never worked customer service, aren't you? Nope, I worked in a customer facing position for about 8 years through high school and college. It sucks, I know it does. I didn't work in tipped positions and I'm one of those people who doesn't believe in tipping you just for doing your job. I tip because I'm expected to, not because I believe in it. Tipping is supposed to be meant for going above and beyond. I wasn't raised to be an entitled prick and expect a handout just for showing up. And no, I'm not an old grumpy man. But I am a crazy evil right winger that believes in hard work. &gt;Well thank god not everyone is you because then you wouldn't have anybody delivering. If there's a market for it, somebody will provide it if it's profitable. If you personally quit your job, or your company decides not to deliver, there will be another company and driver there to serve me. For the record I live just a few blocks from a pizza joint so I rarely get delivery. When I do, I don't give them a $20 tip just for showing up though. You have a lot of learning left to do. Sorry to break it to you but you're *just* a pizza delivery driver. If you expect to be treated any differently than that, I suggest acquiring the education and/or skills to graduate to a better job. Crazy suggestion, I know.
These kind of decisions are made all the time. *All the time.* This one in particular just happened to come back and bite GM in the ass. None of us know how many thousands of times over the years that similar decisions were made and nothing bad, at all, ever happened. &gt;They saw that $27 million figure and said, "Nope, I don't want to have to answer for that." Of course they did. They probably do it literally all the time. You can only spend an extra $27 million on one single part of one single car times x number of vehicles times x number of years and stay solvent. It's a math problem. At some point you have to say that we're going to accept this level of risk at this cost. These businesses have a lot of money, sure, but as we went over already, they don't have infinite funds to fix every single tiny little possible problem that could possibly ever at all result in any injury to anyone anywhere.
Did they? What odds did GM calculate themselves? Additionally, in your opinion, what are the maximum odds should they be permitted to accept?. Understand that the real world answer is always going to be more than 0. Perfect safety is impossible.
I get what you're saying, I've gotten you all along. I should clarify that I would form an LLC and drop my funds in VTSAX through the LLC as you suggest. However, I simply wouldn't leverage it. There's no need to take on the additional risk. It's odd that you would criticize the investment risk I'm taking by going with all equities, but then you propose leverage as a better course of action. Come on now. Dropping the money into "a vanguard fund" isn't foolish. VTSAX is a full stock market index fund with an extremely low expense ratio. The only way I'm going to lose money long term in that fund is if the entire US economy just goes to shit. If that happens, we're all screwed anyways. &gt;Buying physical businesses and real estate is a much better way to get a much higher return. That's quite a broad statement. I'm still buying an interest businesses and real estate with VTSAX, am I not? The return of buying real estate on my own will only be higher if I choose go the leverage route as you suggest. But then we're back to the problem of a very focused investment vs a very diversified investment, and the second issue of you for some reason claiming that leverage is safe while broad market equities held over the long term are not. I'm well aware of bad debt and good debt and LLC's, thanks. There's no need to leverage when I've already got more than I can use anyways. Not to mention the additional overhead of dicking around with all the paperwork and thought that goes into directly managing real estate or business investments or the cost of paying someone else to do it for me. Again, you're ignoring the low cost of an index fund versus the high costs and focused risk of individual businesses and properties. I don't plan on getting another degree any time soon, FYI.
I realize the risk isn't for me personally. I still feel no need to take it on, even with someone else's dime at risk. I understand that leverage can result in additional gains going to me and the purpose of the LLC. I fucking get it, but I disagree with operating that way.
I guess I simply have to disagree. More lives could be saved if money were infinite, but it's not.
If you're going to follow that kind of logic, why not just ask why we're not all born directly into heaven?
There's a quote that goes something like tell me I hear, show me I see, teach me I understand. Something like that. But yeah. I had a few teachers that would have us develop our own teaching tools as an assignment. The logic was you don't truly understand something until you're able to teach someone else about it. This is something I've always kept in my mind.
This does part of that http://adnauseam.io/
Yes but not for an extended period of time.
This simply isn't true. There's law and policies that exist and all FOIA requests must be responded to. That doesn't mean you're going to like the response or get the information you want if it falls under an exception or is classified.
Why not? Still takes a lot of time to go through the document and accurately redact it.
God forbid they follow the laws and policy they wrote concerning classified data?
The meat is shit and people don't know it.
They're objectively lower quality now.
The meat isn't as good because of the age and breed. It's cheap beef.
Do these advisors have fiduciary responsibility? Mostly not. They're just used car salesmen for investments.
Look up fiduciary responsibility. Find an advisor who is a fiduciary. Invest in index funds.
You don't even need a study to show this.
Fiduciary responsibility is what you want.
But then I have to go outside and be exposed to all that stuff anyways. I see no need to worry. You also ignore the fact that the better filters put more strain on the furnace which reduces it's longevity.
I miss cicis
And do some research on the owner of whole foods.
Organic food still uses pesticides and herbicides.
First, what do you mean by small farms. Secondly, if they grow mass crops like corn and soybeans, they're purchasing new seeds every year anyways.
That's a ridiculous argument, but the solution is easy regardless. Self direct your investments instead of paying someone to get in your way.
I know. This is why I hate reddit.
Crop rotation is common practice. All farmers use the minimal amount of pesticides and herbicides because using too much adds unnecessary expense and serves no purpose.
I've used husky liners and weather tech. I like husky liners better. Check em out.
That's already an issue at present. So nothing new.
The current padding in the helmets hardens as it gets cold.
You know how they do studies on what people say they want vs what they actually want? Honda builds what people actually need and want. This truck meets the needs of 95% of what truck buyers actually do with their trucks. But what it lacks is the machismo americanism of the full size options and that's all it takes to lose sales to them.
Maybe if they used a .gov site...
I have two credit cards that give me my actual score whenever I want online.
That's hilarious. Looks like Windows 95.
&gt; I feel that younger people must, as a whole, just be a bit harder to trick. I suspect the pastime of reading and participating in online discussions/debates/flame wars is the most effective bullshit-identification training that's ever been deployed on such a large scale. Dissecting and defending claims is an immensely popular leisure activity. This deserves repeating.
The point is, the 20 year grouping shouldn't apply in this situation. I'd argue that the groups should be closer to 1980-1990 then 1990-2000.
The 1% is not raping your wives and children nor beheading people or burning them alive.
Rand Paul is a puppet for what? Cruz is nuts? How? Just like every other redditor, these are all of bunch of unsubstantiated opinions as far as I can tell.
Close, but not quite. Comparing being raped to a woman actively inviting a bunch of hot stoves into their country would be more accurate.
yet they continue to ask why we need our guns.
You're right, a woman in her position would be much better off just remaining completely defenseless.
An opinion should be substantiated in some fact if the holder of such an opinion wants to be considered something other than a complete fucking moron. http://projectsharetexas.org/resource/differentiate-between-substantiated-and-unsubstantiated-opinions-text-english-i-writing
But back in the real world, HIPAA does nothing, say, in an instance where your therapist tells the government that your 2nd amendment rights should be removed without trial or the ability to appeal.
&gt;I was just pointing out it would not have stopped her attack. You can't know this. We didn't see what happened before the video, but I imagine if she shot the first couple of mother fuckers that touched her, the rest would have reconsidered their actions. The gun can still serve a deterrent purpose without firing a bullet. If I were in position I'd much rather be armed than not. At least I can take out a few of the fuckers even if I cannot take out all of them. If they know there's a risk related to their actions, they may change their ways. Of course, this is me being idealistic. They believe that dying for their religion is a good thing; something to be strived for. Sending them to the land of 72 virgins is not a punishment in their minds.
You can't outdraw a finger that's already on the trigger. Training can't overcome basic physics.
You sound like someone who's never touched a gun before when you say stuff like &gt;And you'e also assuming she would have been able to get her gun out in time, turn the safety off, aim it properly and fire while scared out of her mind all before this mob of men literally inches from her manage to grab it from her . &gt;I was just saying I don't think it would have helped her is that specific situation very much. So, logically, she should have just remained defenseless. That's what you're arguing. Too bad for her.
I don't think we've had any problems focusing on more than one problem at a time.
I'll never ceased to be amazed by reddit.
&gt;I don't think a few people with guns will deter a massive mob like that no You don't think a mob like that wouldn't scatter if it were suddenly inundated by hundreds of bullets?
A single pistol can have 18 rounds in a standard sized magazine. Regardless, you didn't answer my question.
This is how I envision every redditor I disagree with.
You don't want these guys setting that policy. DIRNSA is a military general/admiral. There's a reason why we have a civilian elected government setting policy.
What's the solution? Technically the argument is the people elected the man who then appointed the head. Such can be used as an argument against both the voter and the politician.
I don't watch the prime videos and I don't game. I only use prime for 2 day shipping. I wish there was a prime basic for just fast shipping instead of paying more over time for things like this that I don't want.
I don't think you can lose either way. Looks like it boils down like this. If you want a stable, reliable plan then go with SERS. If you want to invest more aggressively go with the TIAA-CREF. Both plans have pros and cons but they seem to balance each other out to the point where it all comes down to your risk tolerance. &gt;University contributes: 9.29% of gross earnings as prescribed by state law This is huge for the TIAA side. The number for the SERS side isn't included in the chart.
The only way you can really come out ahead on this is if you sell your car for what it's worth, then buy a cheaper car around $2-3k either with cash or paid off very quickly in under a year. If it's paid off then you've got no more car payments and you can get rid of full coverage insurance. At this point you can put more money towards paying off other debt or building up a savings cushion as long as your car doesn't need repairs all the time. Just remember that a couple of $200-$500 repairs a year is still less than the payments and insurance on something newer.
It still never hurts to check with them. CarMax offered me $2k above blue book and above what I expected to get on my g35 a few years ago. I sold it to them ASAP and GTFO in case it was a mistake.
&gt;when we allow institutions to charge $32,000 for a 4 year degree?! It has nothing to do with allowing anyone to do anything. There is no reason why the government should put a cap on the cost of education.
In the past, more state tax dollars went to subsidize the public schools. In the last 10 years or so, there's been a bigger crunch on politicians to cut taxes and improve state budgets, so the politicians cut the amount of tax dollars going to public schools. The argument was that the students who go to the school should pay for their tuition themselves.
I don't fault the schools. When supply is low and demand is high, they can raise the cost and people still pay it. I fault the students for paying it though. Go out of state or something. You should not be paying $150 for a 2 year nursing education.
It doesn't take a great deal of research to know what the outlook is going to be 4 years down the road. College is expensive as fuck. Paying $100k for your social studies degree that has no job prospects is probably a bad idea.
It's already not worth it in some cases and people are still going. There's folks all over reddit with worthless degrees from liberal arts schools and 6 figure debt while working part time at target or starbucks. It can be not worth it for a long time but some people will apparently never get the hint.
&gt;The future of America, brought to you by big business. Big business being the public schools that are raising their rates because demand is going up and loans and grants for college are easy to get? Please tell me exactly which big businesses are to blame here? The private lenders? The for profit schools?
You should have no problem paying that off though once you graduate. You're at least getting a valuable degree.
This goes hand in hand with the argument that student loans should all be from private lenders and should be allowed to be removed upon declaration of bankruptcy. These changes would force lenders to ensure that the lendee has a good chance of actually getting an ROI on their loans and paying them back eventually.
Private lenders *would be* so much better. Private lenders actually consider whether or not the loan will be repaid.
non sequitur FTL
There's no reason not to. It will take about an hour of your time total and there's no obligation or hassle or anything.
Partly because there's no way to "well screen" them. If you can or you can't. It's pass fail. That's a dichotomy.
&gt;You really think that screening will detect if a man will sexually assault a woman??? Well, it's pretty clear at that point. You determine if they are muslim or not and you're already up to a 78% accuracy rate.
That makes them apostates.
First of all, you're assuming that I'm the other guy. I'm a new responder. Secondly, again, this is reddit. We have to make assumptions. &gt;Also, unsolicited advice is usually unwelcome. Are you new here? (I see that you're not. My assumption was that you were though based on your thinking.) This is reddit, m8. That's what we do here.
I posted something about the events to my facebook last week. I had one of my most extremely left friends make a comment to me basically about how I was xenophobic or racist or islamaphobic for even mentioning it. She's been to Germany and said she would feel safe there. I told her that she seems to be ignoring the thoughts and feelings of all of the actual female victims. That made her rethink her stance, just for a second.
&gt;Liberalism is supposed to be about the defense of liberal values: free speech, free expression and equality. This is why I lean libertarian. The mass left we have in the US is not for these things. The majority left needs to get their shit straight before it's too late.
I'm *not* surprised by all the liberals who *are* surprised by this.
&gt; I will never be using msnbc for any news in the future. I'm happy for you. Just wish it wouldn't have taken you so long to get to this point.
Imagine how much better it might have gone if they only brought in 1 or maybe just 2 of those guys. Their fuck up was in bringing 10-15 of them at once.
It's almost as if, no matter how much we try, no matter how much we educated and teach, that you can't simply overcome basic animal instinct and human nature to protect your own.
Every candidate has idiot supporters. I will agree that trump has quite a few lunatics who are going to vote for him. But trump and his supporters have nothing to do with people who took on insane debt for college.
They mostly steal.
Mob rule is the best for everyone! Unless of course you're not part of the mob.
So you support the fair tax then.
I regularly cash in my karma for extra presidential election votes. It's great.
That's just horrible engineering.
Then how does a self directed investment not become your solution?
Why should I hate the 1% again?
I didn't claim that cuts of meat don't change texture or taste. What I did claim is that a cut of meat doesn't change the grade of said meat. The same cuts of meat from different grades of beef are going to be different.
I don't think the data posted there requires a source. It should be quite easy to verify each individual listed.
The subsidies as well as crop insurance programs exist for a reason. All Americans, including those in urban areas, need affordable food to eat. It doesn't seem like an issue to care about at present because we've done such a good job of ensuring our food security, but it wasn't always this way. You'd do well to educate yourself on the matter.
Not all land is suitable for other products. Sometimes corn is the best (needed) crop we can grow on our land.
It's subsidized because we care about http://www.wikiwand.com/en/Food_security
LPT: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.intsig.camscanner&amp;hl=en
Which part...exactly?
The documentary industry is shady as fuck. Find me a documentary that is pro-cattle industry. Most of the documentaries I've seen are very one sided.
&gt;to unnecessarily cruel (processed alive) I'm not sure that this actually happens, but kosher is the next closest thing.
That method is only used for kosher meat. Don't buy kosher.
and prosecutors, and judges
Yeah, they expanded from a gravel road to a 2 lane highway then to a 4 lane expressway. Next thing you know you have to take an exit 3 miles away just to get onto the sideroad for your house.
Out of that 10 acres, the homestead is usually right next to the road. So yes, it does make a significant difference. Source: 100 years ago my family's home was on a gravel road. Now our front yard grass runs right up next to a 4 lane 65mph highway.
If I know I'm going to get shot ahead of time, that must make it ok.
The problem is the words "unreasonable" and "probable cause".
I find it funny when cops don't understand why firefighters and EMT's have higher approval ratings.
5 eyes has no affect on the domestic legal system.
ITT: City Folks
Nope. Basically the exact opposite. [This is kosher.](https://youtu.be/_ZJg_z4BLy8?t=48s) Not for the squeemish. This is [a non-pentrating bolt gun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAXCSYA49J0) which temporarily stuns the animal and can also be used for kosher beef. For non-kosher slaughter they use a penetrating bolt gun that kills them immediately instead of just stunning them.
As long as you hold the same views when it comes to human life then we have no disagreement.
The great depression actually happened, you know. &gt;Are you implying that without food subsidies and crop insurance, there are people that would be priced out of buying food in the US? Yes. In addition, small farms would go under and we'd only be left with massive monopolies controlling all of the farms in the US as a result. There's a reason we have the food stamp program and farm subsidies. (And crop insurance.) I'm not going to argue with you point to point as I've already preempted everything you've said by suggesting that you actually educate yourself on the importance of [Food Security](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Food_security). Gain an understanding of how these programs came to exist. &gt;but those foods tend to be the most unhealthy, worst foods and the low price of those foods is what is, in large part, driving the obesity epidemic in the US which, oh by the way, is hitting the poorest people the worst. During the great depression, calorie dense foods saved lives. Regardless, you've now changed your argument to a critique of the particulars of the food stamp program, which goes beyond the original debate. &gt;I don't believe for a second that any significant portion of the US would starve Did I make such a claim?
&gt;[Often you’ll want to use facts or information to support your own argument. If the information is found exclusively in a particular source, you must clearly acknowledge that source. For example, if you use data from a scientific experiment conducted and reported by a researcher, you must cite your source, probably a scientific journal or a website. Or if you use a piece of information discovered by another scholar in the course of his or her own research, you must cite your source. **But if the fact or information is generally well known and accepted—for example, that Woodrow Wilson served as president of both Princeton University and the United States**, or that Avogadro’s number is 6.02 x 1023—you do not need to cite a source.](https://www.princeton.edu/pr/pub/integrity/pages/cite/) The information posted in the images above is publicly verifiable and available information.
So if I stun an animal and make it unconscious before killing it...is that ok then?
I don't think this speaks to the massive agriculture industry at all. This is just one small anecdote about your specific job.
Republicans aren't necessarily small government anymore, unfortunately. From my perspective republicans are more concerned about middle america than democrats though. Small government is more in line with the libertarian or constitution parties today.
&gt;Most farm subsidy money goes to large, wealthy farmers now anyways, not "small family farms" This is true at present. But you and I both know this wasn't the intention at origin. The solution of course isn't to get rid of subsidies, but to fix this flaw precisely. &gt;so we would need to lose nearly 1/3 of a crop in a given year to even START to have food shortages Maybe. But what about years 2+? A primary reason that we have subsidies and crop insurance is to ensure that just because a farm fails to profit for 1 year, the farm doesn't go bankrupt permanently. If 1/3 of farmers failed to pull a profit in 1 year, without crop insurance, we'd see bankruptcies and joblessness of unspeakable proportions after that. It would be devastating worldwide. &gt;As for calorie dense foods, people weren't saved because of candy bars and soda. Of course not. I never claimed something so silly. &gt;The single reason we still have farm subsidies is that we have had them for so long, and no one wants to rock the boat. Yup, it's that simple. That's literally the ONLY reason we still have subsidies. /s &gt;There is not one well supported economic reason to continue them. Please. You know this isn't true. But if you feel so confident about the issue you should be sure to contact your representatives and tell them about all the money they could save by getting rid of them.
I suppose they could use the method for non-kosher beef as well, but it's certainly not the norm by any means. And let's not fail at logic here. This is how kosher beef is slaughtered.
They're similar in that both involve the killing of other live animals. One for food, the other for convenience. I find it extremely odd that we can argue that killing animals for meat is immoral but killing humans for convenience is not. One might assume that those who are pro-choice would also be pro-meat and those who are pro-life might lean more to the vegetarian side. But in fact it appears the opposite is generally true.
I stand corrected in that. Cargill around here is a seed company. Didn't know they were involved in cattle.
Great. I know what kosher is and I disagree with it.
That's not what TPP does.
How exactly does this relate to Chinese corporate espionage? What am I missing?
Yes, very nice. A reminder of cold mornings on the farm, pissing outside while the hot steam rises up and is accidentally inhaled. It should be noted that Cargill is a beef processor, not a beef manufacturer, which implies they actually raise the cattle IMO.
&gt;ISDS would allow foreign companies to challenge U.S. laws — and potentially to pick up huge payouts from taxpayers — without ever stepping foot in a U.S. court. This has nothing to due with American companies losing profits to Chinese corporate espionage.
You make it sound as if your portfolio is so complex that it would take you more than a few hours a year to manage it. Thus for many folks, myself included, any expense over say $200 a year that you're paying to your advisor is money wasted. Not to mention the unnecessarily high expense ratios or load fees on the front or back end. Don't get me wrong, I understand and follow your logic. Some of us change our own oil, some don't. Some mow our own grass, some don't. Some of us understand how easy and cheap it is to manage our own investments that we find it silly to pay someone else to do a worse job for us. The problem in making the comparisons between the other services and investment advisors is that with your advisor, it's not always clear exactly how much you're paying them. It is extremely common for one to have a lower return with their advisor in addition to paying them for the privilege of providing that lower return!
It's still ridiculous because a few inches of snow here in the midwest doesn't shut anything down NOR does it require any equipment to clear or handle whatsoever. You just simply drive through the snow to work. That's it.
Some folks argue we should have to register to use our 2nd amendment. I suppose they would logically back this bill as well.
I imagine 95%+ vehicles in the south are all seasons, not winter tires. 99.9% of vehicles here in the midwest are all seasons all year long. I personally bought winter tires but I only see 1-2 other cars a day that also have them. I mean yeah, you're definitely screwed in snow if you have summer tires, but a vast majority of vehicles are sold with all seasons from the factory and most people will never vary from that. The folks driving sports cars with dedicated summer tires are a very small minority and certainly don't make up enough of the population to cause these widespread problems.
Please forgive my complete ignorance, but you can't even afford some beans and rice or a trip to the food pantry?
How many meat processing plants and farms and everything in between are there in the US? Even if these filmmakers were able to get footage of 100 different places all acting unethically, it would still represent an extreme minority. I will stand by my statement that these videos do not show the norm any more than a bad cop shooting a kid on camera represents the hundreds of thousands of cops who went to work that day and did nothing but write a few tickets.
Why is it my responsibility to pay for food for addicts?
You don't need money to become a landlord. You need leverage.
[Yup.](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/015/273/pajamakid.JPG)
"And finally, I would like ONE SMALL EXTRA THIN TINY SINGLE STRAND of LIGHT MAYONNAISE."
&gt;Would you rather pay a little to prevent many of the social consequences of drug addiction We're not preventing anything though. We're paying for their food after they're already addicted. &gt;But it's far, far more expensive (and dangerous!) to let them become homeless, malnourished, and alienated. That's a recipe for disease and crime. This is true, and I understand it. It just sucks. &gt;But you're going to spend a whole lot more money if you wait until they end up in a prison or a hospital. Which is why I'm actually coming around to the idea of single payer healthcare. I've hit the point as a dirty capitalist and cheap ass tax payer where even basic economics like this have overcome my selfish side. I'm willing to admit that single payer will actually save society money. Get these people the preventative (and reactive) care they need instead of just waiting for them to commit crimes and incarcerating them. I hate that the US has such a high incarceration rate in the first place. &gt;You may believe there's a moral difference, and I agree with you to a certain extent, but that doesn't change the economics. Agreed. Speaking of morals, I'm not exactly sure what stances people hold on the matter. I'm pro marijuana for instance. I'm pro freedom to do drugs that personally fuck yourself up as long as you don't harm others. When someone is doing drugs to the point that others are required to bail them out by providing them with homes and care, that does cross a moral line to me. But it is correct that economically the world isn't perfect...we'll be paying for folks like this anyways. Might as well do it the more economically sound way.
Does the power go out just because it snows?
I'm just confused as to why folks need to go to the store on a daily basis.
Where is this?
That's how a lot of federal government jobs are.
False.
Farms around here are like 600+ acres in the low end.
If the food is for yourself that's called a garden. That's not farming.
The leading comment was about farming. Your experience with a family garden is not germane.
Reddit is hard
You forgot to use the word bigot in there and something about hating women and gays.
Go to auto store or Wal-Mart. Good oil and filter for $20 - $25.
I couldn't even manage to pay that much if I tried where I live.
You're already going to the store to buy oil and a filter. Every time you buy, take back your used oil from last time. My god it's like you folks need a manual to figure out things like this.
Those valvoline shops are the biggest rip off I've ever seen.
I had mine taken out as soon as they started forming. I think senior year of high school. Much easier to do it earlier rather than later. You dun goofed.
The no celebration rule.
Easier just to clamp the fuel line shut.
This is me
I don't think that's a fair assumption.
I don't understand people who drive slow in the left lane. It's inconsiderate and creates a hazard.
I'm curious how they are. Can't even think of how you would pronounce them differently.
And they always will. But it certainly doesn't serve as a good reason for us to discontinue sharing among ourselves.
All federal employees are getting screwed.
Chicago isn't representative of the entire midwest.
&gt;Phoenix is primarily conservative, while the rest of the state is primarily liberal. I mean, I've never been to AZ but this sounds backwards to me. Usually the cities are liberal and the more rural areas are conservative.
Even then, most farms are doing no till too. Bet she didn't know that.
Who the fuck cares? What a first world problem.
Try wool socks and genuine leather shoes.
http://dilbert.com/strip/2013-01-23
You're bleeding extra money giving it away to a HOA. Might as well build equity instead.
I don't know where you're pulling these hypothetical numbers from. Regardless, where I live, the lower priced properties are more likely to NOT come with an HOA.
The richest people in the world, Bill gates and warren buffett are democrats.
Where do these farms exist? I live in Nebraska and have never heard of or seen one other than here on Reddit.
The biggest problem is the startup cost. You can only get into it if you're born into it.
Farmers don't generally sell direct to consumers.
And then watch something that holds the opposite viewpoint so you can see both sides.
Some day you'll want to retire and you'll realize that raising taxes on investments fucks over a lot of people, not just who you might consider to be rich.
Go look at scholarship applications.
Try the MVA in Maryland. Nebraska has great dmvs though.
I'd rather have that boring one than our current POS nebraska ones. [Current Ugly](http://www.plateshack.com/y2k/Nebraska/ne2012-3.jpg) [Better](http://www.andrewturnbull.net/plates/3t-ne-59d7094.jpg) [Best](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_TNuuFiZsn4A/TB9rHT328XI/AAAAAAAALV4/t9VZFGN1KgU/s1600/nebraska.jpg)
This is why I'd like to see daycare be covered by taxes just like regular school.
Right. The only jobs in the entire fucking country are in SF.
Implement the principle of least privilege. For you, in practice, this means disallowing his accounts access to the servers he's fucking around on and shouldn't be. Have his admin accounts limited to only access the specialized project.
Nothing to do with being conservative.
That's not what I said
I don't understand why people are against updating.
Just let grandma use Windows 10.
Well you're already trusting someone else if you're using their software in the first place. Secondly updates usually patch vulnerabilities, resolve bugs, and add new features.
alibaba.com
It's a general purpose arena, so yeah I imagine they don't have a water system that would fill up this pool as well as the secondary pool not shown in a timely manner.
I have a flowfold that's probably 2-3 years old. Best wallet I've ever had. Only complaint is the material they used around the edges is fraying in a couple spots as well as the bottom part of the fold the actual sail plastic is rubbed off and the inside fibers are exposed. It will still last a couple more years I hope.
I bought at double digits in 2011. Got out about 6 months before it shot up. Back in now but dammit :(
13 states allow any tint on rear side and back. Most are around the 20-30% range. http://tintlaws.com/
Suggestions: Take the protein after workouts, not before. Drop the caffeine pills and get something like no-xplode.
We have different definitions of afford.
You've clearly never lived outside of a major metropolitan area.
You should have to sell the family farm and the house you grew up in and move four hours away to the city to rent an apartment. That's not reason.
Yeah I'm not willing to die for that cause
So nobody should farm? What do you eat every day?
The Koran states that. Convert, die, or pay protection money and submit.
Your sexual identity is irrelevant.
The US was founded out of rebellion to your government. We were founded on the principle that the citizenry should be able to wipe out their government via force if need be. We believe the cops and citizens should have equal access to firepower. We have the Posse Comitatus Act which prevents the use of the military against US citizens. None of this is going to change; it goes against our founding principles. America as it stands today would have to fall and be overwritten by a new people and a new government in order to become a gunless nation, or a nation where the government alone holds all of the firepower.
So look it up yourself jackass. The guy that runs the site tells you exactly which translation of the Quran he's using. There's different translations for it just like there are for the Bible.
Why is it that if these same actions were associated with a political party, they would be shouted down by liberals....but since these actions are backed by religion, they are given a free pass? Religion is not a free pass.
You're ex-muslim so you wouldn't be affected.
This is the simplest I can make it. The Quran requires "true believers" (Muslims) to kill non-Muslims and apostates. Apostates are Muslims who don't do what they are supposed to do (kill non-muslims and apostates). This means that either you are killing non-muslims and apostates, or you should be killed.
My wife got banned from twox because she's not pro-choice.
After a life of gang rapes and sex slavery.
Who has killed in the name of Jesus recently? I've seen quite a few mosque videos online that are encouraging killing. So no, don't plan on visiting them.
I see where you're coming from. My only critique is that the Bible specifically has a commandment that states do not kill. (The Quran does not; the Quran instructs true believers to kill many times.) This man seemed to have (at least from the wiki page) been of the belief that he was doing the right thing due to his religion, but his actions are certainly not supported by the Bible.
Sheriffs would generally be the first in line to not follow such orders. We would see things like secession and civil war and states vs feds if the command to confiscate all guns were actually given.
It's a cultural problem that can only be fixed from the inside out. Someone has to break the cycle.
The FBI does not enjoy losing. They only press charges when they know they have the conviction guaranteed.
When I see those people who "put in" 50+ hours a week fucking around chatting by the water cooler all day while I'm actually putting in a solid work day, then fuck them. I get my shit done and go home and work 40 hours or less every week.
I buy bread that's 45 calories per slice, honey wheat, and has similar protein and fiber but with the benefit of being actual bread.
Sara Lee delightful 90 calories for 2 slices. Normal size maybe a mm thinner. 1g fat, 18g carbs, 5g fiber, 2g sugar, 6g protein per 2 slices
Didn't claim it was but it's very similar to what OP posted and got upvoted for.
Of course, I don't blame you. But compared to OP's option it's similar if you really want some bread.
The rest of us are worried about being shot and killed in another terrorist attack.
Have you ever seen snow?
No, we don't all live in the movie Grease or Footloose.
That's not a small city.
What about epoch time?
Definitely a real thing, especially for young families and retirees. It is quite common for old folks to retire and sell their homes to buy an RV and travel the country year around.
As someone from the midwest, new mexico sounds boring af. Sand, nothingness, sand, fuck i'm hot and sweaty, oh great the car broke down there's no cell reception or water. Montana is beautiful though, so is Wyoming.
Everyone is saying it depends or maybe, but it is rare to go to someone else's home and have them ask you to take your shoes off. Even if they don't want you to, they rarely care enough to actually ask their guest to remove their shoes. Most families just don't care either way it seems. My family always wore shoes in the house, never took them off unless they were dirty and tracking dirt or mud into the house.
After you get the extra insurance of course
In Nebraska you can get a "school permit" where if you live outside of city limits a far enough distance you can get a special driver's license to drive to school and back home at age 14. Many states have similar laws.
Well that went on an odd tangent
He ate steak and lobster, prison grade, once a week. Been there done that.
Dyncorp does the chow and other easy jobs like that.
I've never met a sikh period.
No, our screening is pathetic and overtaxed. We're bringing in more people than we can possibly verify. The FBI director testified to congress on this.
The FBI director testified to congress that we can't properly screen the refugees.
Please link to some so I can see them
Link?
That's ok with you?
Do you have a link to that one? I believe you may be misunderstanding it.
(he doesn't)
There's nothing untrue in this meme though?
Sarpy is one of the top 10 fastest growing counties in the nation. Papillion is on quite a few of those top 10 places to live lists. If you think it's bad now, you've got another thing coming.
Just so I understand, you're saying that the title calling the women in the picture liberals is incorrect? They are socialists? And socialists were different than liberals at the time of this photo?
&gt;Socialists have always been anti-war on principle Is this true though? I would consider Hitler to be a socialist and pro-war. Please correct me.
Where were all the women?
Bible makes it clear that in the end, Islam will lose.
To be fair, the US Secretary of Defense has no military experience either. It's intentionally a civilian position.
Just like how the n word is only used by blacks? They took it and made it their own?
Burgers should be cooked over a flame. Sincerely, the beef state. Nebraska.
A burger shouldn't be more than 80 - 85% lean.
They are here in Omaha. There's a reason were continuously on those best places to live lists. Brand new homes going up constantly in the $130k to $200k range. But then Reddit would complain that they're in suburbia.
It was rhetorical.
